1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
40th Cong....2d Sess.
The Funding Bill—Mr. Sherman.
Senate.
productive, purchasable power than he loans.
The actual depreciation in gold and silver coin
for a number of years has been a little over
one per cent, per annum, so that if a man now
lends $1,000. payable in gold twenty yearshence,
lie will get back his $1,000 at the end of twenty
years with one fifth of its purchasable power
shorn off by the additions in the meantime to
the value of the gold and silver of the world.
The truth is now that while real estate is
advancing money is depreciating. All pro-
ductions are advancing, while the relative power
of gold and silver coin to other commodities
is diminishing. A productive four per ccnt.
investment in real estate is a more profitable
investment than six per cent, in the best bonds
in the world. Why? Because those bonds in
the future will be paid off m gold and silver
coin when it lias less purchasable power than
it has now, while the lands, by the gradual
iuciease of the country, are increasing in value.
The one diminishes atthe rateof one percent,
per annum, according to the best statisticians,
and the other increases in this country at the
rate of one and a half percent, per annum.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to suggest that
that depends on the continued production of
gold.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. If California and Nevada
give out there is plenty of gold in other por-
tions of the world. There is no danger of any
diminution of the quantity. It has been going
on increasing year by year, and I have no donbt
this process will go on for a hundred years,
perhaps for a thousand years, to come. The
gradual diminution of the relative value ofgold
and silver has gone on since the dawn of light
in the Middle Ages. In England the difference
between the intrinsic value of the pound ster-
ling now and what it was three hundred years
ago is nearly six hundred per cent. 1 believe
Macaulay puts it much higher than that for
even two hundred years. This process is going
on continually ; and therefore the rate of inter-
est is increasing as the commodity in which
the money is to be eventually repaid is dimin-
ishing in value.
Besides that, we have the new wants of man-
kind—wants that our ancestors never dieamed
of. The value of the steamboats of this coun-
tiy is more than the whole amount of the
national debt at the close of the revolutionary
war. You cannot, therefore, test this question
by what England may have done one hundred
years ago. She may have reduced her rate of
interest to three per cent.; but how was it
done? It was done by selling her bonds in
time of war at a discount of twenty, thirty, or
forty per cent., and then, when peace came,
availing herself of the condition of the money
market at favorable moments to reduce the
rate of interest.
1 say, Mr. President, we cannot negotiate a
bond bearing a less rate of interest, than five
per cent, except first by increasing and depre-
ciating the greenbacks, and that certainly we
ought to oppose to the utmost; or second, by
the English plan of selling the loan below par,
to which our people are not accustomed, and
to which they would not submit. That resort
wouldincreasenominallythe publicdebt. Even
if the rate of interestshould be more favorable,
the popular judgment would condemn it, be-
cause they look upon a debt as a temporary thing
to be paid off in full, and not, as in England,
a permanent thing, the principal of which is
never to be paid, and the interest only to be
provided for.
There is this great difference between our
system and the English system. In England
they sell their credit below par. They fix the
rate of interest and they sell securities in open
market at what they will bring. In this coun-
try we fix the price of our bonds at par and ask
money lenders at what rate of interest will you
loan us money. That is the difference. Why
is it so? Because in England they do not an-
ticipate the payment of the principal. I have
before me the statement of one of the most
eminent writers on English finance, who says
that the system of England is a vicious one.
William E. Gladstone, in a recent speech made
by him in Parliament, declared that the system
of finance by which the English have perpet-
uated their debt for ages is a vicious one. Here
is what Sir Robert Hamilton says on that sub-
ject:
. " In the early part of the funding system the cap-
ital assigned to the public creditor seldom excoeded
the sum advanced by him. We find only two slight
deviations from this rule during the seven years' war
and one in the American war, before 1781. Annuities
for years or lives were granted as a bonus on many
of the_ loans during these periods. Afterward, when
the difficulty of raising^ loans increased, capitals
were assigned to the creditors much higher than the
sums advanced, and this practice has been continued
since to a great extent.
" It has been maintained in the House of Commons
on the part of ministry, and, if we mistake not. even
admitted by the Opposition, that it was the duty of
a iinancier to raise the loan at the least annual ex-
penseit could be procured for, without regard to the
amount ot the nominal capital. We apprehend that
this opinion is indefensible, except upon the suppo-
sition that ail views of discharging the national debt,
or any part of it, are forever laid abide; and that the
measures founded on it arc very pernicious. The
nation ought to pay no more in disehargo of debt
thau the sum borrowed, together with tbo interest
during the time the debt subsists. By the system now
foltowed it pays, besides ttie excels of the capital
assigned above the sum borrowed, in case the re-
demption be at par; or, if the price of the funds
enable the public to redeem tliodebt on lower teuns,
the nation pays, in addition to the-um borrowed, the
difference between the price of stock at the times of
borrowing and paying, which is always great."
There is another way in which I suppose we
might negotiate a bond at a low rate of inter-
est ; and that is, by postponing the payment of
the principal to an indefinite period. That,
however, is against the American notions of
finance. Our people have always looked upon
a debt as a burden to be paid olf as rapidly as
possible, and public opinion and goodi policy
would not tolerate the making of a very long
loan, and I for one would not, under any cir-
cumstances, vote for one which it would not be
within the power ot'the Government to redeem
within twenty years. When we were involved
ill the war we always leserved the light of re-
demption. The idea of redeemability was
always ingrafted 111 all our loans. I would not
desire to see loans made except with that
power reserved, so that when a favorable oppor-
tunity offered we might, step forward in strict
accordance with the public I'aith and redeem
the principal of the bonds by paying the
amount.
The public is already familiar with the ten-
forty five per cent. loan. They know what it
is. 11 is known in every cabin in all this Land.
A bond at four per cent, or any other less rate
of interest would be looked upon as confisca-
tion; you could not negotiate it; five per cent,
is now about par, and wo can sell a five per
cent, bond without increasing the greenbacks a
single dollar. I do not desire to see the green-
backs increased beyond their present amount.
There is 110 necessity for it. We can reduce
the rate of interest from six to five per cent,
without increasing the volume of greenbacks,
and we can thus save to the people of this
country $17,000,000 in gold per annum with-
out deranging the currency, without disorder-
ing the money market, without depreciating
our credit. I do not desire to force upon the
market a loan bearing a lower rate interest,
which will either require more greenbacks to
float it, or require us to sell it below par, or
require us to prolong the time of payments.
We can negotiate a five per cent, loan now in
the present, state of the money market, disor-
dered as it is by political complications, and
I desire to secure that, maintaining, however,
the right within a reasonable time, say ten
years, to make a further reduction to four per
cent., if we can. after that to three percent, or
whatever public credit will allow; but, the
attempts now to reduce the rate of interest to
four per cent, would be regarded in this coun-
try and abroad as a species of confiscation,
THE PAYMENT OF THE PRINCIPAL.
The section of this bill in regard to the pay-
ment of the principal of the debt only estab-
lishes the general idea that the debt itself shall
be paid in a period of time. The Committee
on Finance, after much reflection, agreed to
fix the amount which should be annually appli-
cable to the payment of the principal and
interest of the debt at $135,000,000. The
amount of the interest now is $129,500,000, so
that we appropriate about five and a half mil-
lions to the payment of the principal; but, as
a matter of_conrse. this sum being applied
annually, while both the principal and the in-
terest of the debt is being x'educed, partly by
funding, partly_ by payment, partly by the
operation of this law, the interest will grad-
ually be decreased, and the amount applicable
to the principal will thus annually increase.
If all our debt is funded into a five per cent,
loan except the long bonds of 1881, and the
amount should be $2,200,000,000, leaving
outstanding the present amount of greenbacks
and no more, the interest on the debt would
cease to be a burden, and the difference be-
tween the amount appropriated and the amount
required to pay the interest would gradually
pay off the principal of the debt. I have a
table, prepared at the Treasury Department,
showing the pieeise operation of this plan, by
which it will appear that it would pay off the
debt by 1909.
This plan is free from the objection made to
our former sinking fund, which is a fund placed
in the hands of commissioners, to be invested
annually. It is in constant danger of being
diverted from its purpose. This appropriation
will, on the contrary, be applied constantly to
the payment of the national debt. It so hap-
pens that our debt can be arranged under this
funding bill so that some of it will be due every
year for many years. Some of it will bo within
our reach within periods of two years for more
than twenty years to come; so that by the ap-
plication of this specific sum we can pay off
the principal of the debt. When the bonds are
below par we can buy them in the market;
when they are equal to par we can pay them
off; and under the operations of the bill, which,
I believe, received the general assent of the
committee, the whole debt will be paid off in
a period of forty years.
CONVERSION OF UNITED STATUS NOTES.
Mr. President, I desire now to make a few
observations in regard to the sections of the
! bill relating to the United States notes; and
these I consider as vitally important. We pro-
pose to restore to the United States note the
right to be funded at the pleasure of the holder
into the new bonds whenever he desires.
There is more ground of discontent, and more
real discontent among the people of this coun-
try because ofthe discrimination made between
the bondholder and the holder of the green-
back than from any other cause. You com-
pel every citizen of this country to take the
greenback as money, willing or unwilling. It is
the measure ofthe value of his labor; and yet
it has no purchasable power except, the hope
that in some future time the United States
j will redeem it. It may be forced upon another
man in payment of a debt; it may be applied
' to pay taxes; but it cannot be converted into
income except at a discount.
A man cannot take United States notes pay-
able on demand to any broker and receive in
exchange any form of security issued by the
United States. There is a wide discrimination
made between the bondholder and the note-
bolder, which gives rise to popular clamor and
is the cause of a great deal of just complaint.
In 1863 we were compelled for wise purposes
to take away the right ofthe holder of thegreen-
back to fund it, because we wished then to
force our loans upon the market; and while
that right was outstanding we could not do it.
Now that the war is over, that the whole pro-
cess of funding is intended to be voluntary at
, the discretion of the noteholder, we ought
' promptly to restore this right 1o allow the note
! to be converted at any time into some kind of
