1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373£
but the honorable member, although always
_ attentive to everything that happens in the
Senate, was not within the sound of my voice.
The Mount Vernon Association, as I under-
stand, was incorporated for the purpose of pur-
chasing, after the Government?*had refused to
take it upon the terms which were insisted
upon by the former proprietor, the Mount
Vernon property. In the absence of.some
care, it was certain that the whole place of
Washington would soon be in a dilapidated
condition, and one, should it occur, disgrace-
ful to the country. As to what are the sympa-
thies of these ladies I know nothing, nor do I
care. They are ladies of education, and de-
voted to the memory of Washington. Whether
they sympathized or did not sympathize with
the South in the late rebellion is a matter I
know nothing about, and I have never heard
it suggested exccptbymyfriendfromVermont.
But however that may be, they have taken
charge of the property. After appropriating
all tiie money they could raise to the payment
for the property, they had nothing with which
to keep the place in repair except what they
derived from the use of a steamboat that plied
regularly between Washington and Mount Ver-
non. That gave them one, two, or three thou-
sand dollars a year; and with that they were
able to keep the property more or less in
repair. The Government, however, found it
necessary to take possession of the steamer ;
and they held it, [ believe, until the war term-
inated. The effect was to deprive them of
their only resource. The consequence has
been—not from any fault of theirs, not because
they have appropriated whatever has been
received to their own personal uses, but
because of the inadequacy of the means—that
the house of Washington and the tomb of
Washington are more or less in a state of
dilapidation. No American with a heart in
his bosom—and thank God we all have Amer-
ican hearts—would for a moment bear the
thought that a place like that, consecrated in
the memories not only of his own countrymen,
but of the world, should be in any danger even
for a moment of going to ruin. The object of
this appiopriation is to enable them to prevent
that which would be a catastrophe of which
the nation would be ashamed should it occur.
If there is any doubt that the money will
be properly appropriated to the purpose for
which, as I understand it is needed, I will
move to amend the bill by providing that it be
applied to the repair and preservation of the
property. With such a provision as thatlsup-
pose there would be no objection to the passage
of the bill. My friend from Vermont is per-
fectly willing to give this, or even a larger sum
in order to preserve the properiy ; but how
much is to be given ? These ladies from moneys
advanced in every part of the country have
paid I do not know how many thousands of
dollars for the purchase of the property ; I
think it was nearly one hundred thousand dol-
lars. Is it proposed to return that? I suppose
not. Is it supposed that the property will be
better taken care of by any agent who might
be employed by the Government than it will
be by these ladies whose hearts are so obvi-
ously in the work ? I should suppose not.
The fact is, it ought to be in the care of
woman and not of man. It is lier sympathies
which more especially will cling around the
memory of him who stands peerless in the
world's esteem. It is but a poor trifle that is
needed. Shall we not place it ir. their hands
to be applied for the purpose for which they
ask it? What is it? Seven thousand dollars.
Whatare we appropriating for the Army which
owes its first reputation to the valor and the
counsels of liim whose remains now rest in the
tomb at which hundreds and thousands of peo-
ple are daily shedding their tears? We appro-
priate to the Freed men's Bureau—an appro-
priation of which I do not complain —not
$7,000, bnt hundreds of thousands; and that
appropriation is made, or will be necessary,
because of an act which we have passed at this
session—of that, I repeat, I do not «omplain.
It maybe necessary. Congress deems it to be
necessary. It is supposed to be called for by
the wants of a peculiar class. But while we are
doing that, shall we be more than niggard
when we are called upon to aid woman in pre-
serving the tomb of Washington ?
I move to amend the bill by adding the
words, which 1 stated just now, for the preser-
vation and repair of the property.
Mr. I'TiliLlNGHUYSEN. 1 suggest to the
Senator from Maryland to add the words
" under the direction of the Committee on the
District of Columbia" to his amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to
that; but the committee will not be here.
Mr. FiiELINGHUYSEN. They can give
direction about it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think it neces-
sary at all.
Mr. MORIIILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, it was not the $7,000 that I begrudged;
but it was the slovenly and disloyal manner in
which this whole business has been conducted
to which I objected. In the lirst place, a very
large price was obtained for this property; I
believe something like a thousand dollars an
acre, when it was worth less than a single hun-
dred dollars; and I do not understand, as the
Senator front Maryland does, that we even now
have the tomb ; that the tomb and about two
acres of laud were excepted from the purchase.
So far as that is concerned we have no charge
of it whatever. I have not been there for
many years; but I learn that the buildings are
in great need of repair, and that only a very
small number of the rooms are open to the
inspection of visitors. The library, for in-
stance, is not to be seen by visitors who go
there, and only three or lour of the rooms are
allowed to be open to be seen by visitors, and all
the remainder of the building is occupied by the
family that pretends to have it in charge. I
desire to have this thing investigated. Instead
of placing this money under the control of the
Committee on the District of Columbia I prefer
to have the bill referred to that committee, and
have them make an examination and see
whether we ought to vote anything at all, and
if they report anything, then see in whose
charge it ought to be confided. I move that
the bill be referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I pre-
sume there is no difference of opinion in this
body, nor indeed in the nation, as to the esteem
in which the memory of Washington is held;
nor do I suppose there is any difference of
opinion as to the propriety of holding sacred
the grounds where he lived and died and was
buried. But there is in the country some dis-
satisfaction in regard to the management of
this Mount Vernon Association. 1 was spoken
to yesterday by a lady who has had something
to do with raising funds for the purchase of
this property, and learned from her that there
had been no meeting of the officers of the asso-
ciation for a long time. She herself was in
correspondence with some of the vice regents
who were inquiring of her as to the condition
of things at Mount Vernon and what was being
done, aud although she did not herself know
the facts personally she had understood that
persons had been supported at Mount Vernon
who had been living upon this fund and who
had been actively sympathizing with the rebel-
lion; and the officers who ought to know, so
far as she was informed or could ascertain, did
not know the way in which this fund was being
managed.
While I should be willing to vote for this
proposition, if this donation be needed, or any-
thing that might be reasonable and proper to j
preserve this property, I think from wliatl have |
heard that some inquiry should be made before
this appropriation passes. I like the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Vermont, to let this
bill be referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, or some committee, to ascer-
tain what the lacts are. It is due to the officers
of the association itself, because there is a wide-
spread belief among many persons who have
taken part in. raising this fund, and who have
desired to aid in every way they could to pre-
serve this property, to improve and ornament
it, that the affairs of the association have not
been properly managed. If this impression is .
untrue, it is due to those in charge that it
should be corrected. That there is such an
impression among those friendly to the associa-
tion I am certain.
Under these circumstances I think the Sen-
ator from Maryland himself will see the pro-
priety of havingthe bill referred and an inquiry
made, so that it maybe known how the affairs
of this association are managed. There is no
report showing the condition of things, so far
as I am informed, and so far as others, who
have taken some pains to try to inform them-
selves, know. The Senator from Maryland
may be better posted. He maybeableto state
more specifically than I am advised, or those
persons who ought to know are advised, in
regard to this matter. I hope the bill will be
referred and an inquiry made, for the reports
that have obtained credence in the country
among the friends of this association are very
damaging to the association itself.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There seems to be no
Sifferenee of opinion as to the necessity of
making a small appropriation to preserve this
property. The only question that is raised is
as to the propriety of placing the money in the
hands of the association itself. If there be
objection well founded to the management of
the property I should not wish to see the
money placed in the control of persons who
are mismanaging it; but I could not vote for
the proposition of the Senator from New Jer-
sey. I do not think a committee of the legis-
lative department, of the appropriating depart-
ment, ought to be in the possession of an
executive power controlling the use of money
appropriated. I do not think Congress ought
to control appropriations after they are once
made. I suggest to the Senator that the mil-
itary officer who, under existing law, has charge
of the public buildings in the District of Co-
lumbia shall have cbargeof this appropriation.
I will cheerfully vote for it if he will accept
that amendment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I accept that
amendment—"the Secretary of War."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know who it
is. It is the person who is Commissioner of
Public Buildings.
Mr. SHERMAN. "The officer in charge
of the public buildings and grounds."
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is the motion,
that the officer in charge of the public build-
ings and grounds shall have charge of this
appropriation.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to that,
so far as I am concerned, that it shall be under
the military officer who has charge of the pub-
lic buildings and grounds.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on referring the bill to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I hope that will
not be done. As the bill is now amended I
do not see any propriety in referring it. That
fund is not ours. We, "the Government, con-
tributed nothing toward it. We haive no con-
trol or supervision of it, no management of it;
and if this bill is now referred to a committee
of Congress it precludes action for a year, or
until another session of Congress and another
season roll around. I think that there are
values in this world for us to look after which
do not appertain to railroads, or to public
lands, or to revenue, or to iron-clads, but
which appertain to a great national sentiment,
which the people will approve of our attending
to. It is a great thing for a nation to have a
commanding spirit, a great man who was a good
man, and the people of this country go by
thousands to the grave of Washington, and
they are profited by it and the country is bene-
fited by it. There is not a place on earth
where there are more sacred associations con-
nected with Christian patriotism than at Mount
Vernon ; and I hope that without delaying this
