2712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOML
May SO,
may seem proper to the body over which you pre-
side.
By doing so you will greatly oblige yoor obedient
servants,
LEWIS DAURING.
Principal Chief.
E. D. BEES1S.
Chairman,
V. P. ADAIR,
SAMUEL SMITH,
ARCIIY SOJtAPER.,
J. PONUN DAVIS,
E. C. BOUDINOT,
J. A. SCALES,
Cherokee Delegates.
Hon. Sohcyleb Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives,
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
amendments reported from the Committee of
the Whole.
' Mr. MAYNAED. I ask for a separate vote
on the amendments to the second section.
Mr. BUTLER. As at this late hour there
is hardly a quorum present., I desire that further
action on this bill and the amendments be
postponed until Thursday next. I do not
think we can get through with it to-day.
Several Members. Oh, yes, we can.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If it should
appear that we have not a quorum it will be
time enough then to postpone the bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to postpone it in
order to let in the tax bill on Monday ; and
there are one or two gentlemen who desire to
make speeches this afternoon. If the House
should agree to postpone the bill, I shall move
that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
general debate, with the understanding that no
further business shall be done this afternoon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
understand that there is any particular con-
troversy about any of the amendments. So
far as I know, a separate vote is desired on
only one amendment, that on which the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maysaub] has
asked it. The amendment of the gentleman
from California [Mr. Higby] will probably be
agreed to without controversy. I think we
can dispose of this matter now in five minutes,
and thus get it out of the way.
The SPEAKER. _ The Chair is doubtful
whether a quorum is present, as there was
barely a quorum before the House went into
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. When the
absence of a quorum shall be shown it will be
time enough to postpone action.
The SPEAKER. The absence of a quorum
would arrest business. The Chair will sug-
gest that if this bill be postponed till Monday
after the morning hour, it will occupy very
little time to take the vote on the one or two
contested amendments.
Mr. BUTLER. The reason I desire to have
this bill postponed is, that I believe no quorum
is now present, and on Monday after the morn-
ing hour my friend from Ohio [Mr. Sciikxck]
desires, for reasons which are conclusive upon
me, to go on with the tax bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
the objection to finishing this bill now?
The SPEAKER. The possible lack of a
quorum, which would arrest all business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think a
quorum is present; and as I shall be obliged
to be absent next week. I desire an opportu-
nity to vote now on some of these amendments.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
having been seconded and the main question
ordered._ the question must now be put, unless
by unanimous consent it be postponed, or un-
less the vote ordering the main question be
reconsidered. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. MayxaiidJ has asked for a separate vote
on one of the amendments. If no other sep-
arate vote be asked the remaining amendments
will be regarded as concurred in.
Mr. KERR. I ask a separate vote on the
amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Bltleii] adding a new section.
Mr. BUTLER. It was expressly agreed
between the gentleman from California [Mr.
Higby] and myself that a vote should be taken
m the House upon the amendment increasing
the appropriation for Indians in California
from $30,000 to $40,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. That amendment will
stand concurred in, unless the gentleman asks
a separate vote upon it. We do not ask a
separate vote.
Mr. BUTLER. It was the understanding
that a vote should be taken in the House on
that proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON. The appropriation will
read $40,000, unless the gentlemen asks a
separate vote.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not mean that it shall
read ยง40,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then let the gentleman
ask for a separate vote.
Mr. BUTLER. I demand a separate vote
on the question whether it shall be $30,000 or
$40,000.
The amendment of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was to strike
out " $30,000" and in lieu thereof to insert
" $40,000so the paragraph would read :
California:
For the purchase of cattle for boof and mills, to-
gether with clothing and iood, teams, and farming
tools for Indians in California, tMO.OOU.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to say that we have
already appropriated a large amount for Cali-
fornia.
Mr. HIGBY. Ts discussion in order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has an
hour in which to close the debate.
Mr. BUTLER. It was the unanimous judg-
ment of the committee that this is enough for
this purpose.
The amendment was non-concurred in,
thirty-one only voting in the affirmative.
The next amendment of the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on which
a separate vote was asked was the following :
Strike out the following section :
Sec. 2. And be it further emieteii, That ill order to
carry into cffect tbo eleventh :ind twelfth articles of
the treaty between the United States and the Choc-
taw and Chickasaw tribes ol Indians confirmed by
the Senate on the 21st day of February, in the year
185G, and the resolution of the Seriate of the United
States in pursuance thereof made on the 9th day of
Maieh.in the yearl8ot),as finally adjusted by theie-
port of the Committee on Indian Affairs made tothe
Senate on Juno 10, in the year 1800, and tho tenth
article of tho treaty between tho United States and
the paid Indians approved by tho Senato of tho
United States on the 28th day of June, in the year of
our Lord 1866, the Secretary of thoTrousury is hereby
authorized and directed to issue on the credit of the
United States, coupon bonds, or registered bonds, of
denominations not less than fifty dollars each, pay-
able twenty years from the date ot the approval of
this act, bearing interest at the rate of five per cent,
lawful money, payable semi-annually, for the sum
of $l.S32,ot>0 85, which bonds shall be delivered to
the Choctaw Indians; Prmrideil, That said Choctaw
tribe of Indians shall reecive the same in full sa tis-
faction and discliare oi all claims of the said tribe,
and of the members thereof, against the United States
existing prior to the 28th day of June, in the year
1866.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment on which a separate
vote was asked was the following :
Add the following neiv suction:
And be it further enacted. That all goods, wares, and
merchandise furnished any tribe or band of Indians
under the provisions of this act shall be turned over
by tho ae:ent or superintendent of each tribo or band
to the chiefs of tho tribe or bands in bulk, and in tho
original package, to be distributed to the tribe or
band by the chicfs in such manner as the chiefs may
deem best.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time : and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BUTLER moved to reconsider tho vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAX DILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say to the House, the Indian bill being out of
the way, that I shall on Monday next, after
the morning hour, move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the tax bill. I will occupy an hour,
with the possibility of my having to ask for
something more, in explanation iu a plain con-
versational wfty of the peculiar features of the
bill, and the views of the committee in regard
to the action of the House they desire on it,
POUTS OF DELIVERY.
On motion of Mr. PIKE, by unanimous con-
sent, the House took from the Speaker's table
the amendments of the Senate to House bill
No. 286, declaring St. George and Boothbay,
in the State of Maine, and San Antonio, Texas,
ports of delivery, and authorizing the estab-
lishment of bonded warehouses at Buclssport
and Vinalhaven, in the State of Maine.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in, as follows:
Insert after the word " Saluria," in line six. the
words "and Bucksport and Vinalhaven and iSorth
Haven, in the State of Maine, in the district of Cas-
tillo and Belfast, respectively."
Striko out the following clause, from line nine to
lino eighteen:
And that the privileges and provisions of the act
entitled "An act to extend the warehousing system
by establishing private bonded warehouses, and for
other purposes," approved March 28, 1854, be, and
the same are hereby, extended to the said ports,
under such regulations as may be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury; and that the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
establish private bonded warehouses at Bucksport
and Vinalhaven, in the State of Maine.
The bill, as amended, reads as follows:
Be it enacted, &c.. That St. George and Boothbay,
in the1 State of Maine, in the collection districts of
Waldoboro and Wiseassett, respectively, and San
Antonio, Texas, in the collection district of Saluria,
and Bucksport and Vinalhaven and North Haven,
in the State of Maine, in the district of Castine and
and Belfast, respectively, be, and the same are hereby,
declared ports of deliver* : Provided. That nothing:
in this act contained shall occasion additional expense
to tho Government of the United States.
INTERNAL TAX BILL.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] as
to the intention of the committee with refer-
ence to the internal revenue bill. Is it the
purpose to proceed continuously until the bill
is disposed of after the chairman of the com-
mittee has concluded his speech?
Mr. SCHKNCK. I will repeat what I have
saiil before, that as there are some four or five
gentlemen who wish to speak more at length
than they would be able to do in the progress
of the business in the debate on amendments,
I have proposed, under instractions of the com-
mittee, to allow a day or bo for general debate,
and then go on immediately with the debate on
amendments.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 ask unanimous consent
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sohexck}
be allowed to proceed on Monday without the
limitation of the hour rule.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ?
Mr. BOSS. I object until I hear what he
says in the hour.
MESSAGE TROM TUB PRESIDENT.
A message from the President in writing was
communicated to the House by Mr. Mooiie, his
Private Secretary.
MESSAGE FROM TI1E SENATE,
A message from the Senate, by Mr. HaHlix,
one of its clerks, announced that that body
had passed a joint resolution (S. No. 137) to
extend the time for the completion of the
Northern Pacific railroad, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
JAIL IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. CO\ ODE. I ask unanimous consent
to take up from the Speaker's table House bill
No. 784. to amend the act entitled "An act to
authorize the construction of a jail in and for
the District of Columbia," approved March 25,
18G6, which has been returned from the Senate
with amendments, for the purpose of having
the same referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
The bill, by unanimous consent, was accord-
ingly taken up from the Speaker's table, and
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
