1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3737
Mr. SHERMAN. This resolution has noth-
ing to do with the business that shall be trans-
acted. These two bills are made the special
Older by a previous order, and this simply pro-
vides a mode by which the Senate may hold
evening sessions it' it is .desirable. Without
the adoption of this resolution any Senator
.might object to a motion for a recess, and thus
prevent an evening session ; but with this res-
olution the Senate in the evening may if it
chooses lay aside for the time being the tax
bill and take up the bill the Senator refers to.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I desire to ask my
friend from Ohio whether he would feel it
iiicumbeut on him to oppose such a course on
the part of the Senate?
Mr. SHERMAN. That has nothing to do
with the question, but I will answer with entire
frankness that, solar as i am individually con-
cerned, I shall oppose considering anything
else until the tax bill is disposed of.
Mr. CONNE53. Then the Senator an-
nounces that if this order be made he will
insist, with his great influence in the Senate in
the position in which he is placed, upon occu-
pying the whole time, day and night, until
these two bills are through with. It is to that
tbat 1 am opposed, and 1 hope the Senate will
not order it. I would prefer the suggestion of
the Senator from Massachusetts, that we goon
considering the two bills in charge of the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio and leave it to be
determined by the Senate on each day whether
we shall continue the consideration of those
bills or take up other bills to be specially
named, as well as the establishment of an
evening session; but 1 shall not vote to now
order evening sessions to be occupied exclu-
sively, in addition to the day sessions, by these
two bills.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, it has
now got to be the 6th day of July. The
House of -Representatives has sent us a reso-
lution providing for an adjournment on the
10i.li. i suppose we desire to adjourn some
time duriug this month; and from my experi-
ence in the Senate 1 am induced to say that if
we intend to adjourn at anytime during this
month we must now put ilie control of the
business of the Senate into the hands of those
who have charge of the bills which must be
passed before we adjourn, and not allow the
wishes of Senators as to individual bills, which
are not of such pressing importance, that is
not such as of necessity require to be passed
at ibis particular session, to interfere with it.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
presented to us the other day a bill which he
considered, and which agreat many considered
of importance to be passed at once, if passed
at all, as possibly it might be vetoed ; but the
Senate seemed to think that it was not of any
consequence compared to a few matters of
incorporation of very important companies
here in the District of Columbia, and two or
three things of that sort, and passed it over,
so that the time for it has perhaps gone by. I
do not think such a course of legislation will
possiuly bring us to a close of this session
within any reasonable time.
Now, sir, we have before us a bill of one
hundred and thirty, pages with reference to the
internal revenue. Everybody concedes that it
must be passed. What process has it to go
through V We must act on it here, and it will
necessarily elicit very considerable debate.
Then it must go back to the House of Repre-
sentatives with the amendments we make, and
be considered there. Then it must go before
a committee of conference, and be considered
there before it is finally closed. Senators will
see that if this process is to be gone through
with this bill, and we are to get away at any
time within six months, there is only one thing
for us to do, ami that is to take up the bill at
once and consider it, and stick to it until it
has been done. That has been the course pur-
sued when we have had bills of that descrip-
tion before us heretofore. We cannot take it
up one day and then allow something else to
interp'osej and other questions to b'e brought
up continually, and hope to get through and
get away from here in any reasonable season.
In addition to that there is the funding bill,
which the Senate has made a special order,
and which will necessarily elicit some debate,
but it is not a long bill, and can be disposed of
probably in a comparatively short time. What
more have we? We have yet unfinished seve-
ral of the most important appropriation bills.
Two, at least., I think, have not yet been re-
ported to the Senate, the deficiency bill and
the Indian bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Indian bill
has been reported but not acted upon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There arc other appro-
priation bills yet to come to us from the other
House. Then there are appropriation bills
that we have passed which will take up a con-
siderable time yet before they are finished, on
account of the amendments between the two
Houses.
Now, let me say to the Senate that., if they
design to get through at all, they must take up
those bills which must necessarily be disposed
of before we adjourn, and stick to them until
they are passed, and then, if there is any time
left in which we can take up other matters, take
them up. It is the only way we can possibly
expect to get-through business in any reason-
able time and get away.
As to evening sessions, I will not object to
the motion of the honorable gentleman from
Ohio, because it leaves it in the power of the
Senate to control the matter by a.n adjournment
at any time ; but we know from our experience
how very severe it is in this extremely hot
weather to work here all day and then come
and work here all the evening with the heat from
the gas above coming down upon us. You will
hardly get a quorum here, and if you devote the
evening to general business, which is not of
this pressing importance in which everybody is
interested, the result is that you will probably
get through a great deal of bad legislation, or
of legislation in a very bad shape, because no-
body except those who feel particularly inter-
ested in it will be here. Of all times'in the world
to take up general legislation under such cir-
cumstances thatit cannot be known beforehand
by Senators what will be taken up the even-
ing is the worst time to expect good legisla-
tion. You ought to have something before the
Senate in which all are interested, which will
bring a quorum of Senators here to attend
to it.
I hope, therefore, that if Ave are to consider
the matter of evening sessions at all, it will be
left at present, while this extreme heat lasts,
at this period of the session, within our own
control, and that when we have an evening
session it will be devoted to that kind of busi-
ness which will bring enough of the Senate here
to secure proper and reasonable and safe con-
sideration. But, sir, at present, though I am
perfeelly willing to agree to it for the sake of
these bills which are of so much importance,
it will be difficult to hold an evening session,
because we all know that we are to expect
nothing but very hot weather from now until
the end of the session, and that in the last
days of the session we must necessarily hold
evening sessions, and sometimes perhaps sit
all night, as we have done frequently—I have
been here once in my life forty-two hours with-
out sleep, day and night successively—-I do
not want to do it again during my legislative
career.
If we go straight along with these absolutely
essential bills and attend to them until they are
disposed of, we may have some chance of get-
ting through in a reasonable time and in a rea-
sonable manner, and preserve our health: hut
if we are to devote evening sessions to general
business, we shall not only have a great deal of
poor legislation, but wear ourselves out. I
hope nothing of that kind will be done. I am
therefore in favor of the motion of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. SUMNER. I will make one more sug-
gestion. It does not seem to mo that the
Senate can attend tt) more than one important
matter at a time. It cannot, be driving two
good horses abreast. It may, I know, take
up some small matters, but it can attend to
only one important bill at the same time.
Now, the Senator from Ohio moves his tax bill.
It seems to me we should proceed with that to
the end, and then take up another important
bill, occupying ourselves in the morning hour,
or, should we have an evening session, in the
evening session with such other less important
matter as we may then attend to.
And this brings roe to the allusion of the
Senator from California. He seemed to com-
plain that I, as chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, had not asked the attention
of the Senate to the bill reported from that
committee some few days ago. I doubt not
that the Senator from California has kept the
run of the business of the Senate much better
than I; and yet sitting in my seat all the time
I have not known any moment when that -bill
could properly have been moved. It is an im-
portant bill, calculated to invite discussion,
which ought to be discussed. When the time
comes I shall have great pleasure in meeting,
and in endeavoring to explain it to the Senate.
1 do not think it expedient, however, to mix
that measure with the tax bill. Let us finish
the tax bill; and then, if the Senate are dis-
posed, they may proceed with the bill to which
the Senator from California refers.
Let me add, also, that the Senator from
California knows well that .there is another
matter in executive session in which he is
much interested, in which 1 am interested, and
on which I think we ought to secure the at-
tention of the Senate before an adjournment.
That matter was reported some time ago, long
before the bill to which he now calls attention.
1 should like to appeal to that Senator to unite
with me in an effort to obtain an executive
session either in the forenoon or in the even-
ing, and the earlier the better, in order to con-
sider that matter. 1 do not name it in public
because it belongs to our executive business.
The Senator will understand what it is.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 only wish to say that one
of the objects I have in view in moving and vot-
ingagainst the entire monopoly of our time by
any two bilk is to consider just such subjects
as that to which the Senator alludes. The ar-
gument made by the Senator from Maine
amounts to this, as I understand it, that we
shall take up the tax bill, the funding bill, the
appropriation bills, and give all the time to
them, and then adjourn. That is practically
what it amounts to. 1 am prepared to stay
here until all the essential legislation is done;
but I do hope that pending the consideration
of those bills we shall allow the evenings to
remain free and unoccupied, so that we may
select them for the business to which the
Senator last referred, or other important busi-
ness now pending in this body.
The Senator understands as well as any Sen-
ator here that a chairman, being charged with
the conduct of business, has devolved on him
the special duty of pressing it upon the atten-
tion of the body of which he is a member, and
that the committee who authorize him to make
a report will always stand by him in securing
such attention ; and he cannot by any smooth
words pass off on an humble member of the
Senate like m*self the responsibility for delay
in the important matters to which reference
lias been made. It is his business and his
responsibility if they be neglected. I stand
here ready to sustain him with my vote m
securing the attention of the Senate to this and
all other bills that he has in charge if he will
but do his part in pressing them on the atten-
tion of the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, this is
the motion that is always made at this period
of the session by the Senator who has charge
of the financial bills before us, whether bills
of appropriation or bills for raising money;
and it is always agreed to. The only question
is whether we shall make a motion every day
that an evening session shall he held if tc
desire it, or whether we shall make a taction
