1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
naval affairs at hayti.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the House of Representatives ;
X transmit herewith a letter from the Secretary of
the Navy in reply to the resolution of the House of
Representatives adopted on the 26th instant, making
inquiry relative to naval
Washington, D. C.. May 29, 1868.
The communication was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
president's message.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and resume the consideration of
the President's annual message, with the under-
standing that no business is to be transacted
to-day.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Maynard in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the President's
annual message.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Chairma
it is now ten years since I became a membei
of this House. During that time I have sub-
mitted more than once propositions looking to
an amendment of the national Constitution,
substantially such as I now ask leave to pre-
sent. Heretofore, when introducing these prop-
ositions, I have done so without argument, and
thev-have slept the sleep which knows no wak-
ing" in the committees to which, under our
rules, they must be referred.
I now ask the indulgence of the House while
I submit to gentlemen present and to the coun-
try some of the considerations which have
induced me again to bring this subject to pub-
lic notice.
The proposition, which I now send to the
Clerk's desk to be read, provides that the
President of the United States shall be elected
for but a single term of four years, and pro-
poses the abolition of the office of Vice Presi-
dent. If adop-ed, it also secures the abolition
of the present system of appointing presiden-
tial electors, as the Legislatures of the several
States may provide, and makes it impossible
for the election of a President to devolve, as
now, on the House of Representatives, but
provides that in ease of death, resignation, or
removal of the President from office, that the
two Houses in joint convention shall elect to
fill the vacancy, each Senator and .Representa-
tive having one vote. Its adoption will relieve
the people of the despotism of party caucuses
and party conventions, and thereafter commit
the election of President to a direct vote of the
people by ballot. The Clerk will please read.
The Cierk read as follows:
Joint resolution proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of the United btates.
Unsolved by the Senate and House of Jtepresentaiive)
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,) that the
following bo proposed as an amendment to .said
Constitution, which, when ratified by the Legiilu-
tures of three fourths of the several btates, shall be
valid, to all intents and purposes, as partol said Con-
stitution, to wit: . , , , . .
Amend section three of article one, by striking out
clauses four and five, which rend: _ . .. ,
"The Vice President of the Imited btates snaii be
President of the Sensitet> but shall have 110 vote, un-
less they be equally divided. , _ , ,
"TheSenateshall choose their other officers and also
a President pro tempore, in the absence ot the Vice
President, or when he shall exercise the ornce ol
Pre&ident of the United States."
Ami insert the following: .
"The Senate shall choose their own presiding and
• other officers." „ , , ,, ,
In article two, section four, strike out the words
"Vice President." ,
Amend section one, article two, by striking out the
words "together with the Vice President chosen tor
the same terra;" so that it will read:
The executive power shall bevested m a President
of the United States of America; he shall hold his
office during the term of four years, and be elected
as foilows.
In lieu of clauses two, three, four and six of arti-
cle two and of article twelve of the amendments in-
sert the following:
The qualified clectorsshall meet at the usual places
of holding elections in their respective States on the
first Monday in April, in the year of our Lord one
thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and on
the first Monday in April every four years there-
after, under such rules and regulations as the Con-
gress may by law prescribe, and vote by ballot for a
citizen qualified under this Constitution to be Presi-
dent of the United States, and thercsuitof such elec-
tion in each State shall be certified, sealed, and for-
warded to the seat of Government of the United
States in such manner as the Congress may by law
direct. .
The Congress shall bo in session on the third Mon-
day in May after such election, and on the Tuesday
next succeeding the third Monday in May, if a quo-
rum of each House shall be present, and if not, im-
mediately on the assemblage of such quorum, the
Senators and members of the House of Representa-
tives shall meet in the Representative Chamber in
joint convention, and the President of the Senate, in
presence of the Senators and Representatives thus
assembled, shall open all the returns of said election
and declare the result. The person having the great-
est number of votes for President shall be the Presi-
dent, if such number be a majority ot the wholcnum-
ber of votes cast; if no person have.such majority,
or if the person having such majority decline the
office or die before the counting of the vote, then the
President of the Senate shall so proclaim: where-
upon the joint convention shall order the proceed-
ings to be officially published, stating particularly
the number of>rotes given tor each person tor Pres-
ident.
Anothea^flection shall thereupon take place on the
second^Sruesday of Octobernexf succeeding, at which
elec^Jon the duly qualified electors shall again meet at
thg/osual placcsot holding elections in their respect-
ye States and vote for one of the persons then living
naving the highest number of votes, not exceeding
five on the list voted for as President at the preceding
election in April, and the result of such election m
each Stato shall be certified, sealed, and forvvarded to
the seat of the Government of the United States as
provided by law.
On the third Tuesday in December after such sec-
ond election, or as soon thereafter as a quorum of
each House shall be present, the Senators and mem-
bers of the House of Representativesshal 1 again meet
in joint convention, and the President of the Senate,
in presence of the Senators and Representatives thus
assembled, shall open all the returns of said election
and declare the person having the highest number
of votes duly elected President for the ensuing term.
No person thus clected to the office ot 1 resident
shall thereafter be eligible to be reelected.
In case of the removal of the President from ofhco by
impeachment, or of his death, resignation, or inability
to discharge the powers and duties of the said office, ,
thesame shall devolve temporarily on thePrcsident
of the Senate, if there be one; if not. then on the
Speaker of the House of Representatives, if there be
one; and if not, then the member of the executive
department senior in years shall act as President.
If there be no officer of an executive department,
then the Senator senior in years shall act, until a
successor is chosen and qualified.
If Congress be in session at the time of the death,
disability, or removal of the President, the benators
and Representatives shall meet in joint convention
under such rules and regulations as the Congress
may by law prescribe, and proceed to elect by
voce vote a President to fill such vacancy, .bach
Senator and Representative having one vote, a quo-
rum for this purpose shall consist of a majority m
each House of the Senators and Representatives duly
elected and qualified, and a majority of all the votes
given shall be ncoessary to the choice of a President.
The person thus elcctcd as President shall discharge
all the powers and duties of said office until the in-
auguration of the President elected at the next reg-
ular election. . ,, ,,
If the Congress be not m session then the acting
President shall forthwith issue a proclamation con-
vening Congress within sixty days alter the death
or disability of the President. . _T
On the assembling of a quorum m each House the
Senators and Representatives shall meet .in joint
eonvention and elect a President as herein beloro
P1Amend article fourteen proposed by the Thirty-
Ninth Congress by striking out scetion two and in-
serting the following:
Sec. 2. Every citizen of the United States twenty-
one years of age and upward (except Indians not
taxed and persons non compos) shall be an elector 111
any State or Territory in which he may have resided
one year next preceding the election at which he
shall offer to \ oto. Each State shall prescribe uni-
form rules for the registration of all qualified electors
residing therein and complete the said enrollment
at least twenty days before each presidential elec-
tion ; they shall provide by law against Iraud at
elections, and may disfranchise any person tor par-
ticipation in rebellion against the United States, or
for the commission of an act which is felony at com-
m§EO.a3! Representatives in Congress shall be appor-
tioned among the several States according to the
number of inhabitants in each.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. On these several
propositions I intend to ask the judgment of
the country and eventually a vote upon lliem
in this House.
SHALL THE OFFICK OF VICE PRESIDENT EE ABOLISHED ?
Tke proposition to abolish the office of Vice
President will, I trust, commend itself to th®
considerate men of all parties. The creation,,
of the office was objected to by some of the
ablest men of tlie Revolution as " unnecessary
and dangerous." Experience lias confirmed
the wisdom of their opposition. The Vice
President is, as all know, a supetfluous officer,
having few duties to perform, and those might
more properly devolve upon a member of the
Senate, selected because of his fitness, as the
duty of presiding in the House devolves upon
a member of the House who is elected Speaker.
The objection to the selection of a member
of the Senate as Presiding Officer would hold
equally good against selecting a member of the
House of Representatives for its Presiding
Officer. Indeed, the power conferred on the
Speaker of tlxe House is far greater than is
conferred on the Vice President or President
pro tempore of the Senate.
In the House the Speaker appoints all the
committees and can participate in debate on
the floor of the House. He may also vote at
any time he so elects. In the Senate the regu-
lar standing committees are selected by a party
caucus, and appointed or confirmed afterward
in open Senate by a vote of that body. The
Vice President is not permitted to debate any
proposition before the Senate, and, can only
vote when there is an equal division, while
the Speaker can vote at any time if he desires
to do so, but is not compelled to vote except
in case of a tie.
The country has been distracted and its
peace imperiled more than once because of
the existence of the office of Vice President.
The nation would have been spared the ter-
rible ordeal through which it passed in the
contest between Jefferson and Burr in 1£>01
had there been no vice presidential office.
Had there been no such office we would have
been spared the perfidy of a Tyler, the betrayal
of a Fillmore, and the baseness and infamy of
a Johnson.
Party interest and party necessity, under
our present convention system, usually seeks
to compensate the friends of a deleated presi-
dential candidate in any national convention
by conceding to them the privilege of naming
the candidate for the Vice Presidency. _
This is done in order to soften the sting of
defeat and to bind the defeated party in the
convention to the more certain support of a
ticket which a large minoiity, and sometimes
even a majority, of the party would refuse to
support at the election but for such compro-
mises, aided by the despotism of party caucuses
and party conventions. Often the mere ques-
tion of locality has more to do with the nom-
ination of a Vice President than the question
of his fitness. _ .
The country rejoices with me in the fact that
no such narrow consideration controlled the
action ofthe Republican convention at Chicago
in selecting our honored Speaker as the candi-
date of the party for Vice President. _ Not to
locality is he indebted for that position, for
locality was against him, but rather to his long
and faithful public services, his fidelity to Re-
publican principles, and to his personal worth
is he indebted for the distinguished honor of
being associated on the same presidential ticket
with the most extraordinary tnau of this or any
aSe-
While each of the candidates for President
and Vice President professes to subscribe to
the so-called platform of principles adopted by
the conventions which nominate them, they
nevertheless represent, as a rule, opposing fac-
tions in the party, and often at heart antag-
onistic ideas, which are only subordinated for
the sake of party success. This was tbe case
with Harrison and Tyler, Taylor and tillmore,
Lincoln and Johnson. When each of t"ese
Vice Presidents on the death of the President-
elect came into the presidential office he a -
tempted to build up a party which Miould
secure his reelection. For this purpose they
did not scruple to betray the great body of men
who elected them ft) the o&ce of Vice Resi-
dent. nor
did they hesitate at the open and
