1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
If there is any good reason I trust the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Poland] will state it.
The SPEAKER.^ The motion is not debat-
able ; but if there is no objection the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Poland] will be per-
mitted to state the reasons for his motion.
There was no objection.
Mr. POLAND. I have made the motion at
the suggestion of several gentlemen, some of
whom desire to be absent. I have made in-
quiry in reference to the state of our business,
and especially of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Cleans, who suggests that
this adjournment would be a matter of con-
venience to his committee.
Mr. DAWES. I hope my colleague will let
us try and finish this case. It is evident we
cannot do it to-day.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire to make an inquiry
of the chairman of the Committee of Elections.,
When he introduced this report and resolution
allowing Mr. Butler to take his seat here I saw
by the papers there was a contestant for this
seat; and I desire to inquire whether any mo-
tion has been submitted to allow him to ad-
dress the House in support of his claim?
Mr. DAWES. I will state the reason why
I did not make that motion, and then leave it
to the House. Although it appears upon the
papers that Mr. Powell is the contestant of Mr.
Butler before the committee, he made no claim
to the seat himself, but stated that he had no
claim at all to the seat. Mr. Butler polled
some 11,000 votes, Mr. White 1,500, and Mr.
Powell only 44 votes. In that view of the case
it did not appear to the committee that he did
more than produce this testimony in denial of
Mr. Butler's right to a seat, and not in any
manner in support of his own claim to a seat
upon this floor. He appeared as an attorney
before the committee pending this testimony as
against Mr. Butler's right to a seat upon this
floor.
This came up in the First Congress of the
United Slates, and there was some difficulty
among the members as to the best mode of
conducting a contested-election ease, whether
atthebar of the House with attorneys on either
side, or whether the whole matter should be re-
mitted toa committee and the House should act
on their report as on the reports of other commit-
tees. The debate occupied much time, and the
best men of that day in the country engaged in it.
Tin re was a struggle on the part of some con-
testant to have his case heard at the bar of the
House, so his attorney might arguo it for him.
After mature consideration the practice was
adopted that has been observed ever since ;
and that is, to exclude all hearing atthebar
ot' the House and to send it to a committee,
and only to permit those who set up a claim
to a seat to address the House. I merely state
this, without any objection on my part or on
the part of any member of the committee, so
far as I know, to permit this gentleman to ad-
dress the House. I only state it that the House
may conform its action to the prevailing custom.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire to submit a motion
that Mr. Powell, who appears upon the record
here as the contestant, shall be allowed to ad-
dress the House on this question.
Mr. POLAND. My motion should first be
disposed of.
Mr. ELIOT. I hope the gentleman vrill
withdraw it. If it is pressed I will have to
make the point that there is no quorum present.
The SPEAKER. A quorum is necessary
to adjourn over, although a less number may
adjourn from day to day.
stoux city and pacific railroad.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, in
compliance with a resolution ot the House,
the annual report of the presidentof the Sioux
City and Pacific Railroad Company for the
year 1867 ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad.
leave olf absence.
Mi. Miiuoun and Mr. Cornell, on account
of illness in their families, were allowed indefi-
nite leave of absence.
ADJOURNMENT OVER AGAIN.
Mr. SCHENCK. _ Mr. Speaker, I wish to
say a word, and it is simply this; I shall be
exceedingly glad, representing the Committee
of Ways and Means, if we could adjourn over
for two days; I find in two or three hours of
solid work when the House is not in session
we accomplish more than when we have a
divided allegiance between the committee-room
and the House.
Mr. DAWES. Would it not do the gentle
man just as well to have leave granted to his
committee to sit during the sessions of the
House ?
Mr. SCHENCK. We have that already;
but I find we cannot keep the committee to-
gether when the House is discussing so inter-
esting a matter as this in which my friend from
Massachusetts takes a prominent part. With
a divided allegiance between the committee-
room and the House it is impossible to keep
the committee together.
Mr. FAHNSWOliTH. It is apparent as
soon as the trial of the President begins in the
Senate the House will transact no private busi-
ness. We cannot do it, as the House is sup-
posed to be present on that trial. Then we
can go home if we desire to. Until then it
seems to me we should remain here and trans-
act the public business. But, of course, the
House can transact no business while the Pres-
ident is being tried. It would be incongruous,
it seems to me, and improper to be sending
bills to the President for signature when he is
being tried for high Grimes and misdemeanors.
Therefore, if we are to transact any further
business, 1 think we should hold our sessions
daily until the trial begins.
Mr. MYERS. I hope the House will not
adjourn over. And in this connection I desire
to make a suggestion to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. The country
is watching with great interest and gratification
the labors of that committee, and especially
since the announcement that they propose to
make a report soon to repeal the tax on man-
ufactures. Now, sir, in view of the grave
question which is before this Congress, and
especially before the Senate, at this time, legis-
lation, to a certain extent, must be suspended.
Hence the importance of the suggestion I am
about to make. A few years ago, when a tariff
bill was before Congress and the labors of the
committee rendered it necessary that they
should take much time before peifecting the
bill, as is the case now in relation to the tax
bill they brought before the House, Congress
passed a resolution increasing the tariff for
a certain time until the general tariff bill
could be enacted. Now, upon a similar meas-
ure in regard to the internal revenue tax, I
take it the House is agreed. 1 do not suppose
there will be a dissenting vote upon a tempo-
rary resolution of this character, to take effect
say for sixty days, until the internal revenue
bill can be perfected. If such a resolution
should be reported to-morrow it would pass
both branches before the Senate, after giving
due notice to the President, would be able to
proceed with the trial, which is likely to take
their time for some weeks to come. 1 hope
such a resolution will be found consistent with
the views of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and that the House will consider it before
adjourning even for a few days, or else agree
that they will on Monday proceed to its con-
sideration.
Mr. SCHENCK. If permitted by the House
I will say, in reply to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Myers,] on behalf of the com-
mittee, that I have two or thi ee times attempted
to explain the difficulty practically ot carrying
out a suggestion like that which is now sub-
mitted, the .force of which I fully appreciate.
The internal levenue law consists of some
twenty statutes or more. It has been made by
piece-meal. Some statutes contain what is in
others, and some are contradictory to others.
Some modify others in. such a way that the
modifications can frequently be found only by
collation and comparison. Now, our endeavor
has been, so far as our ability enables us, to
make one body of the whole law ; to modify it
and make it consistent in its different parts ;
and in doing that it is very necessary that those
portions which relate to manufactures, those
which relate to special taxes, and those which
relate to certain other things in the law, shall
be controlled, and their working machinery pro-
vided for in other general sections of the bill.
Now, if a joint resolution or a bill should be
introduced with a view of repealing the tax on
manufactures, it will, of course, have to make
ccrtain exceptions if the committee sustain the
view that there are some half dozen things
that ought to be excepted. It will be impos-
sible now to take notice of a certain elas.4 of
manufactures outside of these first and smaller
exceptions, such as that, of tobacco and dis
tilled spirits, and so on, all of which are pro-
vided for in these general regulations. There-
fore we must either introduce a resolution
which will carry along with it a great deal of
legislation upon the subject, or else we must
simply make a repeal. But by proposing a
repeal or modification of other parts of the
law we get something that will be inconsistent
with the general plan which the committee
propose to submit.
Another difficulty is, that we do not propose,
when we submit our views in the shape of a
bill, to provide for the repeal of the old law,
except in a general way. Wo do not propose
to provide for the repeal of that which relates
to particular manufactures, but we wish to
provide for the taxation of certain things and
say nothing about other things, which, of
course, will thereby go untaxed. That, I think,
is the better way of accomplishing the object.
Now, I make this explanation at the risk of
wearying the House by repetition. I believe
the Committee of Ways and Means can prepare
a bill which will meet all that is demanded by
the country, and at the same time not derange
the general plan which we have proposed to
adopt in the revision of the laws.
Mr. DAWES. If I may be allowed a mo-
ment, I desire to say a word with reference to
the propriety of adjourning over, in view of the
general business of the House and particularly
of the pending case.
Mr. POLAND. The motion to adjourn
over was made by me at the suggestion of sev-
eral members, not as a matter of my own
choice or especially of my own judgment. As
there seems to be so much opposition to it I
will withdraw the motion entirely.
CONTESTED ELECTION AGAIN.
Mr. KELSEY. I now desire to submit the
motion that the contestant in this case, Mr.
Powell, be heard by the House under the rules
of the House before the discussion is closed.
Mr. DAWES. I wish the House, before
they vote on that question, would consider the
actual position of this gentleman, and delib-
erate whether it would be proper to admit men
to take part in the debates here who make no
claim themselves to seats here?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Milieu] is entitled to the
floor. Does he yield to allow the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Kelsey] to submit his
motion?
Mr. KELSEY. I hope the gentleman will
yield for that purpose.
Mr. MILLEH. I will yield for that motion,
because it relates to the same matter about
which I am going to speak.
Mr. KELSEY. I then submit my motion.
Mr. POLAND. It seems to me this is tri-
fling with the House. I should be as glad to
hear a speech from my excellent friend, Mr.
Powell, as anybody, but the report of the
Committee of Elections shows that he received
only 44 votes. He came here upon a doctrine
that has been a good deal discussed, and that
has been decided by the House. Ho insisted
that Mr. Butler was not entitled to a seat be-
