mt
m
to be shifted from hand to hand, at every shift j
altering and changing the values of property !;
and the interests of the people.
The two measures of restricting the cur-
rency and imposing a tax on cotton have been
very burdensome to the nation. The repeal
of the cotton tax as a separate local measure
is peihaps more important at this time than
any other. I have not been in my seat as long
as most of the members in consequence of
sickness; but I came here from my constitu-
ents, and from consultation with those conver-
sant with the business and financial interests
of the country, and in my judgment nothiug
has been more satisfactory to the people with
whom I came in contact, and who are capable
of judging of such questions, than the two
measures passed by the other House, one to
repeal the cotton tax and the other to tie the
hands of the Secretary of the Treasury so as
to prevent him from contracting or withdrawing
the currency. Now, sir, delays are danger-
ous j* a great interest is being prejudicedj pros-
trated, and destroyed, and it is the bounden
duty of the Senate, in my judgment, to come
to its relief by acting on this measure favorably
and acting now.
Mr. DRAKE. I have listened, Mr. Presi-
dent, to this discussion with the greatest inter-
est and with a very sincere desire to learn from
those who are better informed upon the subject
than I am "what is the path of duty for me in
connection with this bill. I do not feel disposed
to let the discussion close without occupying
the attention of the Senate for a very few min-
utes with a statement of the reasons* which
induced me to take the position that I do with
regard to the matter.
I presume that it can be considered as con-
ceded on all hands in the Senate—for I have
not yet heard the fact questioned here—that at
this time the cultivation of cotton in the south-
ern States is, as a distinct interest of the coun-
try, in a condition of exceeding depression, if
not prostration. It se>ems to be conceded, too,
generally that it is proper for us to give some
help to that interest. I agree to that proposi-
tion. Nothing that I have heard on the floor
of the Senate has changed my view on that
\ subject.
But, sir, the extent to which we shall go in
doing that is the important question. The
po&ition I take^tn that subject is that I will go
just so far as to give that interest a fair start
again, and no farther. Let it take care of
itself after that. In order to give it this fair
start, the question with me is whether it is
necessary that this tax should be permanently
removed. I consider not. In the first place
there has been no request made from any por-
tion of the country that I am aware of, in any
authoritative shape, that the tax should be
entirely taken off. If there were, I would not
consent to its entire and permanent removal.
I consider from all that has been said here that
the causes of depression in this production of
the country are temporary; that they will pass
away. Floods do not come every year. Cre-
vasses in levees do not come every year destroy-
ing vast regions of country; droughts do not
come every year injuring the products of the
earth to the extent that they have been injured
in the South. All of these circumstances have
concurred in reference to the crop of this
present year. We cannot look for them all to
concur next year or the year after ; therefore I
do not feel disposed to base permanent legisla-
tion affecting the revenues of the country to an
immense amount annually upon mere tempo-
rary influences and causes.
Another reason why I will not agree to vote
for the removal of the tax entirely is, that once
removed it can never be reimposed. It is no
use to talk about it. This time next year, if
not sooner, Senators will be on this floor from
nine or ten of those southern States, and every
man of them will come here to remove the tax
on cotton; and if he finds it removed, depend
upon it you will never get it on again.
A removal, therefore, at this time is equiva-
lent to a total and final abandonment of the
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 20.
tax, and I an* not willing to do that for the
simple reason urged with so great force by the
honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Moutox]
the other evening, that that region of country
that has brought upon this land the terrible
burdens under which it is groaning now should
be made to bear its part in the removal of those
burdens. That single consideration is the one
that is all-sufficient with me.
But it, is urged here by gentlemen from
another section of the country that great inter-
ests are drooping and staggering with them.
Well, sir, what of it? Suppose they are; is
that any reason why we should not help this
interest down South in its extremity? I do
not see that it constitutes any sufficieut reason.
But, sir, there is another thing which has
not yet been mentioned upon this floor, so far
as I remember, and that is that for six years
the North through its manufactures has been
making money as it never made before. The
whole period of the war was a period of unex-
ampled prosperity with northern manufacturers.
The North grew rich in every part of it by the
war, and through the war, and in consequence of
the war, as it would not have done but for the
war. Now, for a little time there is an ebb in
this tide of prosperity which has heretofore
declared dividends of twenty, thirty, forty, and
fifty per cent, on the capital invested in manu-
factures. There is a little going down of the
dividends, a little stagnation, and we should,
forsooth, come to their relief. Sir, when the time
comes for considering that necessity we will
go to their relief if the circumstances require
it; but the existence of this trouble with them
now is no reason why we should turn our backs
upon the South. Daring all the time that the
North has been growing rich at this rate the
| South in its struggle for suicide has been grow-
ing poor. In its attempt to destroy the coun-
try and Government of which it was a part it
has impoverished itself. And now, sir, the
question is whether we shall let them die of
Starvation in their poverty, go to destruc-
tion in their poverty because they brought it
upon themselves by their own hand, or shall
we help them out? Sir, while I will go to the
furthest ejetent that any man on this floor will
go to take away from the rebels political power
in this country, I never will consent to legis-
late against them upon the principle of putting
my hand upon that which feeds and clothes
them by way of revenge. I will not in that
way visit the consequences of their rebellion
I upon them.
| God knpws they have enough of adversity to
bear. I suppose that in all the history of
! nations there nftver was so great a calamity
fell upon any portion of a once prosperous
nation as that which has fallen upon that region
; of country. True, it came by their own parri-
cidal act. I admit that; and hold it in ex-
ecration as much as any man ; but we are not
for that reason to visit upon them vengeance
by our legislation. Strip them to the very last
item of political power; but iu God s name
give them a chance to come up again from this
terrible pit into which they have flung them-
selves and to get even again with the rest of
the nation in the scale of prosperity.
Sir, my position is this: that I will take off
a part of the tax as a matter of permanent
legislation, as proposed by the Senator from
Indiana, or in accordance with the proposition
of the Senator from Maine I will suspend this
. taj for one year and give them a chance. My
own judgment is that the latter proposition is
the one which prudence and wisdom would
dictate to us to adopt at this time. We are not
in a condition, Mr. President, to judge of the
| accuracy of the estimate of the Senator from
! Indiana as to the amount of tax* that should
be put upon this article. We want light; wo
want information ; we want a multiplicity of
facts ; we want time for reflection and study
and consideration. If we reduce the tax to
one cent there it will remain until it is abol-
ished altogether, and it will never go above
that whatever may be the necessities of the
Government. My position, therefore, is that it
is best that we should suspend the tax entirely
for one year, fixing it for 1868; and there ia
an all-sufficient reason for this in the fact that
the cotton year coincides with the calendar
year. It is true, as stated here by Senators on
this floor, that at this particular season of the
year, now or within the next thirty days, the
arrangements for the year 1868 with reference
to the culture of cotton will be made. The
employers want to know where they are going
to get the hands to raise the cotton; the em-
ployes want to know where they are going to
get employment during the year; and now is
the time to let them know what we are going
to do. To do one thing or the other now,
before we adjourn, in my opinion, is the dictate
of wisdom.
There ig no pressing demand before us for
the relief of northern manufacturers, as<£here
is in this case, because of their manufacturing
year coinciding with the calendar year. They
have their factories ; they have their machinery
standing there. If business does not justify
their going on, all they have to do is to close
the doors. By that they throw a great many
out of employment, to be sure," and to that
extent it is a thing that every man must regret;
but suppose that in two months after the be-
ginning of the next year the owner of a fac-
tory that is stopped finds that the oondition of
things in the country will justify him in going
on, all that he has to do is to call in his hands,
raise the steam or let the water go ou to the
wheel, and the whole concern goes into full
operation again. But in the South they have
to make their plans in the beginning of the
year. They ought to know what is going to be
done and how they are going to do it. I Bay
they need to know from us about this matter,
and therefore it is that I am against the motion
of the Senator from New York to postpone
this bill- I am in favor of immediate action;
and whichever shape the Senate prefer to put
the proposition in, to reduce the tax to one
cent or to take it off for the year 1868 and give
them a chance, I am content with; but I should
much prefer the latter. A year from now we
shall be much wiser on this subject than we
are at this time, and can better decide upon a
permanent policy in regard to this important
interest.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I have not
risen to discuss this question, but simply to
express my surprise that the Senate of the Uni-
ted States should hear from the honorable
Senator from Missouri, who has just taken his
seat, a repetition of the very argument which
we have heard for the last eighteen months
from rebels all over the South. The legisla-
tion of Congress has been denounced hy them
as most oppressive, unjust, and unendurable;
and now the Senator from Missouri tells us
that this legislation, or the continuation of.this
tax, is prompted by malice 
Mr. DRAKE. I beg pardon for interrupt-
ing the Senator, but he is totally mistaken.
Mr. THAYER. I certainly do not desire to
misrepresent or misquote, but the honorable
Senator used the word " malice" in connec-
tion with this tax.
Mr. DRAKE. I beg pardon of the Senator
again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Nebraska give way for explana-
tion ?
Mr. THAYER. Certainly.
Mr DRAKE. I did not characterize the
existing tax as an offspring of malice; very
far from it. I never intended to convey any
such idea. I simply said that I would not suf-
fer myself to be governed by any feeling of
that kind in shaping legislation here against
the South. I nevec undertook to say that this
tax was dictated by malice. I do not believe
it was. I have no such thought.
Mr. THAYER. I certainly do not desire to
misrepresent the honorable Senator, but I un-
derstood him to say that he would not be actu-
ated by malice. What is the inference? That
if we do not repeal this tax we are actuated by
I malice in continuing it. That is the inference.
