190
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0f!E.
[February 22,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachncnt—Mr. Newcomb.
40th- Coi\tg. .. .2d Sess.
upon the patriotism of others have but little
themselves. If by a desire to control a few
wretched places he means that the Represent-
atives of the people have been keeping their
vigils around the temple of American liberty
for the last two years with an anxiety that has
known no sleeping, and have worked steadily
and faithfully to this day to save the nation from
the rule of the treacherous, incapable, and cor-
rupt incumbent of the executive chair, then he
may be right.
Does the gentleman suppose men are actu-
ated by no higher motive than a desire to control
a few miserable offices? I tell the gentleman
lie little understands the character of the men
he thus reviles, and it will be well for him to
reflect that all the men of this Republic are
not degraded to the level of the habits of the
dens and stews of New York city, and all the
Representatives on this floor do not owe their
elevation to political gamblers who engage in
the traffic in fraudulent votes in that corrupt
metropolis.
Gentlemen of the Opposition comfort them-
selves with frequent reference to the Demo-
cratic gains in the elections of last year, and
the gentleman from New York, in discussing
this great question, by way of intimidation,
speaks of "the thundering majorities whose
voices are heard outside of this Capitol." I
tell the gentleman he has much yet to learn
of human nature. I see a very diffeient signifi-
cance in the result of the elections of 1807
from what the Opposition discoveron this floor.
If the people faltered in the last elections,
and failed to meet the great questions of the
hour with the enthusiasm of 1800, it was be-
cause Congress had faltered and failed to do
its duty the previous spring, and they intended
to rebuke their unworthy Representatives. If
the people failed to do their whole duty it was
because Congress had failed to meet their ex-
pectations, and proved itself unequal to the
demands of the hour. And if the Representa-
tives of the people in either House fail again
I trust in God the people will accept no excuse,
but spur them out of their mouths, and con-
tide the high trust to those who are worthy.
To trifle longer with this momentous question
is to tnlie. with the dearest inteiest of the Re-
public and with the demands of the true men
all over the land ; let him who falters now
beware.
Let not the Opposition on this floor lay the
flattering miction to their lips that the result
of the elections of 1807 shows a reaction in
favor of the party that declared "the war a
failure." 1 tell them nay, verily, but rather a
rebuke to Congress that they had not done
their whole duty in the removal of a President
whose continuance in office they feel to be a
continual menace to the loyal people of the
country, an obstruction in the way of Recon-
struction, and a disgrace to the American name.
The gentleman warns us to beware, for be-
hind him are thousands and millions of the
"great, Democratic party, the bone and muscle
of the country, ready to sustain him. These
Halls, sir, are not unfamiliar to such sounds
as these. In 1861, when the Representatives
from the rebel States were retiring from this
Chamber, their words of warning, like the gen-
tleman's from New York, echoed from this and
the other wing of this Capitol; but now, as
then, we heed them not. We hear not in such
sounds the voice of friendly warning, but rather
threats and menaces, and in the name of the
loyal men of this nation answer, beware. The
time was when the Democratic party was a
great party; when in its ranks were found
such patriots and statesmen as Thomas Jeffer-
son, Andrew Jackson, Martin Van Buren,
Silas Wright, Thomas H. Benton, Lewis Cass,
and Stephen A. Douglas, those were the days
of its purity and greatness, and in those days
the gentleman was its better enemy. But, sir,
most that was good in that party has left it,
and most that wus bad in the old Whig party
has united with it. until now it is but little else
than a party of treason and treason sympa-
thizers, inspiring neithet" the fear nor respect
of any loyal man in the nation.
I, too, could tell the gentleman that behind
Congress, ready to vindicate its action in the
enforcement of law against Andrew Johnson,
stand a million of the survivors of the Grand
Army of the Republic, and still behind them
are the great loyal people of this country, who
have made sacrifices for the maintenance of
the Constitution and laws such as no other
people ever made on the earth, and if the
sound of your slogan again calls them forth,
they will come from every hillside and valley,
they will come from city and town. Sir, they
will
"Come as tlie winds corac when forests are rended.
Come as the waves com o when navies are stranded."
But I tell you there is no need for alarm.
The people of this country, through their Rep-
resentatives. and under the forms of law, can
impeach, try, and remove a bad President and
scarcely produce a ripple on the surface of
society beyond a momentary flutter in the
gold market or a little variation in the scale of
values, all to settle back at a lower point than
has been touched since 1801.
Thi! gentleman " bids us beware that in so
doing you follow every form of the Conslitu
lion and every form of the common law." That,
sir, is just, what we propose to do. To prevent
further violation of law and bring the guilty
to justice is why this proceeding is now being
considered. The loyal people of this country,
by the sacrifices they have made of the best
blood of the nation, fathers, husbands, and
sons, have done quite enough to satisfy the
world that they are in favor of law, and are de
termined to insist, upon obedience thereto by
all persons, be they high or low. I cannot
conceive why it is that the resolution now be-
fore the House should be so bitterly opposed.
It cannot ho because gentlemen believe the
proceeding one not, authorized by the Consti-
tution and laws of the land. But what are
the points of law and the facts in this case? I
propose a simple statement of them, without
stopping to argue, in the few moments allotted
me. The most, learned lawyer on the other
side of the House, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Woodward, ] in a speech deliv-
ered a few weeks since on this floor, sustained
the legal principles of the majority report of
the Committee on the Judiciary on the subject
of impeachment, and could not accept the nar-
row views of the minority report.
But what says the Constitution itself? Sec-
tion two, article one, of the Constitution of
the United States says:
" The House of Itenresentatives shall choose their
Speaker and other officers, and shall have the &ote
power of impeachment."
Not only is the power to impeach conferred
upon this House by the Constitution, but, here
rests the sole power. If the Representatives
of the people refuse to enforce this remedy
there is no appeal, for it possesses the sole
power of impeachment. The Constitution fur-
ther provides, in section three, article one,
that—
"The Senate shall have the sole power to try all
impeachments."
And from that high impeaching tribunal there
is no appeal. So we see the Constitution places
this high and responsible duty in the two Houses
of Congress, and beyond that there is no such
remedy. It must be too plain to admit of
doubt that this House has the sole power to
impeach and the Senate to try cases of im-
peachment. There is where the framers of
the Constitution confided this power, after a
searching debate upon the several propositions
to give the Supreme Court or an independent
court jurisdiction m such eases.
The Constitution further provides, in section
four, of article two, that—
"The Presidont, Vice-President, and all civil offi-
cersof the United States, shall be removed from office
on impeachment lor and conviction of treason, bri-
bery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors."
It is not necessary here to inquire what are
high crimes and misdemeanors within the pur-
view of the Constitution, whether the offense,
as defined by common law, or, as some insist,
that it must be defined by positive statute, for
in this ease all seem to agree that the offense
charged against the President is a high mis-
demeanor.
The civil-tenure law, section six, says:
" Sec, 6* That every removal, appointment, or em-
ployment made, had, or exercised contrary to the
provisions 01 this act, aad the making, signing, seal-
ing. countersigning, or issuing of any commission or
letter ol authority for or in respect to any such ap-
pointment or employment, &hall be deemed, and arc
hereby declared to be, Wgh misdemeanors, and upon
trial and conviction thereof, every person guilty
thereof shall be punished by a fine not exceeding:
810,000, or by imprisonment not exceeding five years,
or both said punishments, m the discretion of the
court."
The only question, then, for this House to
consider is, have we such proof before us as
should satisfy rational, sensible men that there
is such cause for believing the Chief Magistrate
of the nation guilty of an offense for which he
may be held by this House to answer at the bar
of the Senate, sitting as a high court of impeach-
ment, to answer for high crimes and misde-
meanors ill office? This is the whole question
before the House. The House of Representa-
tives sits as a grand inquest to find a bill pre-
paratory to sending him before the lawfully
constituted tribunal for trial. It is not for this
inquest to find him guilty or not guilty. All it
has to do in the matter is to ascertain if the
evidence is sufficient to satisfy the tribunal
having jurisdiction of the offense, of the guilt
of the accused, and if so, to present to the Sen-
ate formal articles of impeachment and make
good the same. The House must be convinced
that there is probable cause for believing the
accused guilty. If, in the ease before us. the
evidence uncontradicted is sufficient to satisfy
a reasonable man that there is cause for believ-
ing the Executive guiily of high crimesand mis-
demeanors in office, then every member on this
floor is bound by his oath to vote for impeach-
ment. As the members of the Opposition
insist that everything shall be done in strict
conformity with law, I say to them apply the
law against the President in precisely the same
manner you would apply it against the lowest
offender in the laud, were you trying such
offender for violating a statute of the State.
Apply to this investigation the strict rules of
law, so much talked about, and I fear so little
appreciated by gentlemen in the Opposition,
and not one can escape from voting for impeach-
ment. Therefore 1 say to Democrats apply
the rigid rules of law and let Andrew Johnson
stand or fall by law. ^ Now, let us see Irotn the
facts as they are before us, how the case will
stand with the President.
The civil-tenure law provides that—
"Every person appointed to office by and with the
advice and consent ot the Senate shiiii be entitled to
hold such otSco until a succe^soi shall ha\e been in
like manner appointed and duly qualified.''
The President may suspend any «ueh officer
for cause and certify his reasons for such sus-
pension to the Senate, within a given time
fixed by law. The President very properly
gave his reasons to the Senate in the case o?
Mr. Stanton. The Senate considered the same
and found they were not snllicient to justify
the President in the suspension, and rein*tated
Mr. Stanton. And in the face of this pro-
ceeding it, is said that Mr. Stanton was re-
moved by the President when he assigned
General Grant to duty as Secretary of War ad
interim ; but the tact that he sent his reasons
to the Senate and addressed Mr. Stanton as
Secretary ot W ar in his notice of removal of
rebnui'-v 21, sets this pretext-aside. In his
notice assigning General Thomas to duty he
tells Mr. Stanton that his "functions w,11 cease
at the date ot the reception of this commuui-
