2714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
shameless use of public patronage for that pur-
pose. The weakest and most dangerous j>a,rt of
our executive system for the personal safety of
the President is a defect in the Constitution
itself. I find it in that clause of the Constitu-
tion which provides that the Vice President
shall, on the death or inability of the Presi-
dent, succeed to his office. The presidential
office is thus undefended and invites tempta-
tion. The life of but one man must often stand
between the success of unscrupulous ambition,
the designs of mercenary cliques, or the fear
and hatred of conspirators.
Whether pro-slavery conspirators, represent-
ing party cliques, caused the death of Harrison
and Taylor I know not. I am confident., how-
ever, that a wide-spread conspiracy, represent-
ing the pro-slavery rebel faction in the nation,
was organized for the purpose of assassinating
Mr. Lincoln, and all know of its success. That
the conspirators who plotted the murderof Mr.
Lincoln had a purpose to subserve, which they
supposed could not be accomplished while he
remained in the presidential office, will hardly
be questioned.
Mr. Chairman, history will record the fact
that the conspiracy which resulted in tho assas-
sination of Mr. Lincoln was the offspring of
the rebellion, and almost gave success to a
cause which millions of rebels failed to secure
after a deadly war of four years. Had assas-
sination done more than it did it would have
overreached itself. By sparing and using An-
drew Johnson it gained a temporary triumph
for those whom it represented.
Whatever may have been, and whatever may
now be, my suspicions as to the complicity
of Andrew Johnson in the assassination plot,
the schemes and hopes of the conspirators can
easily be explained upon the hypothesis of his
innocence and his entire ignorance of their
bloody purposes. Let me present it from that
stand-point.
The failure of the rebellion found a large
number of disappointed and desperate men in
the late rebel States under disability for trea-
son and rebellion. If justice was ineted out
to them they knew that they ought to be ar-
rested, tried, and punished, and that if the law
was administered their property was subject to
confiscation. They expected, in any event, to
be politically disfranchised, if they escaped
imprisonment, banishment, or the confiscation
of their property. Having staked all on the
hazard of a die and lost, their coinmion was
desperate, and to escape punishments, confis-
cations, or political disfranchisement thou-
sands of them would not hesitate at any des-
perate expedient which promised success. The
men who without cause had inaugurated fratri-
cidal war, who had murdered unarmed Union
soldiers after their surrender, who had delib-
erately starved to death thousands of our heroic
men at Andersonville, Salisbury, Belle Isle,
and Libby prison, and committed enormities
upon the living and the dead which no human
tongue can describe, would not hesitate at
taking the life of any one man by assassination,
however exalted his position, if thereby it
secured them exemption from the punishment
due their crimes.
On surveying the situation they found that
the Republican party had, by a blunder,which
in such an hour was worse than a crime, elected
Andrew Johnson Vice President of the United
States. I can imagine- how carefully they ex-
amined his antecedents, his personal and po-
litical history; how they weighed well his
words, and made themselvfes familiar with his
public and private acts, his weaknesses and his
ambition. During this examination they un-
doubtedly learned his view of the "situation''
before he left Tennessee to be inaugurated
Vicc President. They heard of his declaration
to Stanley Mathews at Cincinnati while on his
way to the capital, before his inauguration, and
to others afterward, as to the necessity of re-
organizing the Democratic party. They were
informed of what he had repeatedly said he
would do about reconstruction "if he were
President." They knew of his condition when
i*augurated Vice President, and that to them
w&s an augury of success. Of his vanity, his
unscrnpulousness, his love of power, and his
capacities as a demagogue they wero fully ad-
vised. They satisfied themselves that, with
proper management, he could be used to shield
them from punishment, and, perchance, restore
them to political power. From that moment
the doom of Mr. Lincoln was sealed. The
pretense that Mr. Johnson was to have been
assassinated was never believed by any but
willing dupes' The assassination of Mi-. John-
son would have defeated the hopes and pur-
poses of the conspirators, and no one knew
this better than they.
After Mr. Johnson came into the presiden-
tial office the conspirators and their friends at
once openly and unblushingly surrounded him,
flattered him, took possession of him, and
promised him a reelection and a brilliant future.
They reminded him of his old political record,
of his denunciation of abolitionists, of his
utterances to Stanley Mathews and others as to
the necessity of reorganizing the Democratic
party by a union with conservative Republic
ans, leaving the " anti-slavery element in the
Republican party to sluff off," as he repeatedly
expressed it. AH this, I submit, cquld have
happened, and Mr. Johnson be free froqi any
guilty knowledge of the assassination, either
before or after the act.
I only present (his panoramic view of what.
has transpired and is now history to illustrate
how weak and indefensible in this particular
is the presidential office ; so that 1 may ap-
peal to the nation to fortify it against this
danger, by removing the temptation now pre-
sented to conspirators and assassins, and thus
make the presidential office a citadel against
which they may hurl themselves in vain.
Adopt this plan, and the occupant of the
presidential office is effectually guarded from
all political conspiracies which thrive by assas-
sination. It also precludes the risibility of
an interregnum in that office. Ifraddition to
the President of the Senate and Speaker of the
House, each of the eight members of the Cab-
inet in turn, and after them the entire Senate,
stand ready to assume, temporarily, the duties
of the presidential office until Congress can
elect a successor. It would not be possible for
any conspiracy to succeed which contemplated
the wholesale assassination of entire Cabinets
and Senates.
If, as I propose in this amendment, there had
been no Vice President, and the Constitution
had provided, as 1 suggest, that on the death,
resignation, or removal of the President the
vacancy should be filled forthwith by the elec-
tion of any citizen of the United States eligi-
ble under tho Constitution, each Senator and
Representative having one vote, the nation
would never have been cursed with the Tyler,
Fillmore, or Johnson administrations, nor is it
to be supposed that Mr. Lincoln would have
been assassinated, because it would not have
been possible to foretell who would have been
elected his successor. If this amendment had
been part of tho Constitution the country would
have been spared much anxiety during the late
impeachment trial, and Senators who consti-
tuted the court of impeachment would have
been spared much of the suspicion and crit-
icism to which they were subject. No man
could then have known in advance who would
have been the choice of the two Houses of
Congress, in joint convention, for acting Pres-
ident to fill the vacancy. The question of Mr.
Johnson's successor would, therefore, never
have disturbed or embarrassed the proceedings
of the Senate during the recent impeachment
trial.
THIS ABOLITION 01' PRESIDENTIAL ELECTORS AND
NATIONAL CONVENTIONS.
Instead of the intervention of presidential
electors, I propose the election of President by
a direct vote of the people by ballot, on the
democratic principle, so fully recognized in
our theory of government, " that all political
power is inherent in the people and of right
to the people." I hold that it is safer
and better for the people to exercise this power
directly without the intervention of nominating
conventions or presidential electors or any
intermediate agency. To withhold from the
qualified electors of the nation the right to vote
directly for the choice of a President is a vio-
lation of the democratic idea, an act at war
with the fundamental principles of our Gov-
ernment, and utterly indefensible.
The adoption of the proposition which I
have made will secure at once the abolition of
the plan of electing a President by indirection,
in the selection of electors chosen as now, by
a plurality of the votes in each State, thus
enabling the minority, when there arc three or
more candidates, by concentrating their votes
on one electoral ticket, to secure the election
of their candidate. This plan will also secure
the early abolition of all national nominating
conventions, and eventually of all State and
county conventions, thus relieving every voter
from the despotism of party cliques and party
caucuses.
This provision is itself enough to commend
the proposed amendment to the favorable con-
sideration of the great body of the American
people who have, so long been controlled by
the despotism of party conventions.
As a rule, not one voter in ten is consulted
under our present caucus system as to his first
choice of a candidate for any office, and yet
-when nominations are made, no matter whether
fairly or by fraud, each voter is compelled to
support the nominee of his party or aid in the
election of the candidate of the opposite party.
For years I have been opposed to the pres-
ent system of nominating all candidates for
elective offices, including that of President of
the United States. I have long held that all
nominations should be made directly by the
people under the authority and protection of
law. In other words, that there ought to be
two elections for all officers, to be eleetcd by
the people, unless at the first election one of
the candidates should receive a majority of all
the votes cast, an event not probable at any
election, and certainly not for President nor
for Governor of a State or a Representative in
Congress. If any one should receive a major-
ity of all the votes cast at the first election he
would be declared duly elected, and there
would be no second election to fill that office.
If there were no choice at the first election for
President, I provide in the proposed amend-
ment that all candidates but the five, or pos-
sibly it may be advisable to say all but the
three highest voted for at the first election,
shall be dropped.
If I were making a State constitution or a
law for the election of any elective officer, I
would provide that at the second election all
but the three, or possibly all but the two,-high-
est voted for at the first election for any office
should be dropped, and that at the second
election only the candidates thus nominated
should be voted for ; that no other votes should
be counted, and if there were three candidates
that a plurality of the votes cast should elect
as now.
This plan, as all can see. would supersede
the present corrupt and unsatisfactory conven-
tion system, and enable every elector to vote
without caucus dictation at the first election for
his first choice, and without fear of electing the
candidate of the opposition because of scatter-
ing votes.
_ After the most careful and deliberate exam-
ination of the question I am compelled to con-
fess that the convention system now in use by
both the great political parties of the nation
is demoralizing in its practical workings, un-
fair in its representation of the great body of
voters, and repugnant to the principles of true
democracy and republicanism.
I look upon the present convention system
for the nomination of a President as far more
objectionable than the old congressional cau-
cus system which it superseded, and which I
would not restore if I could.
The theory is that the national conventions
of both parties are composed of delegates fresh
