1867,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
tained us with so many fractions it was intel-
ligible to everybody but me. I speak upon the
subject generally, without going into fractions.
There are two things that are palpable: first,
that we owe fully as much as we want to pay;
and second, that we have got as little to pay
with as is necessary. [Laughter.] That is
sufficient for me. Now, air, 1 have listened for
several days to this cotton-gathering, and I
should really like to learn whether the Com-
mittee on Finance have examined the subject
thoroughly enough at the present time to
determine how they are going to equalize this
matter. It seems to me not. At the other end
of this Capitol this bill was passed under the
previous question with hardly an hour's exam-
ination. It comes here and is sought to be
put through with the same speed; but I have
failed to see, although I have listened to the
chairman of the Finance Committee with great
care, where he is going to make up this
deficiency and how he is going to equalize the
burden.
I was about saying, when the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana interrupted me, that the
appeals for sympathy which were made by the
honorable Senator from Ohio did not move me
much. I have been moved for two or three
years past bynauch appeals, and I have voted,
very much against the opinion of some of those
with whom I generally act, to give aid and com-
fort to the hungry sutferers of the South ; but
I ask the honorable Senator from Ohio what
return for these evidpnces of magnanimity have
we received? Have our offers been received
in the spirit in which they were tendered ? No,
sir. The petition presented to-day by the hon-
orable Senator from West Virginia shocked me.
It appears that while they are here knocking at
the doors of this Congress for a relief to them
equal to $27,500,000 per annum they are draw-
ing the laboring classes of the South nolens
nolens to the shambles and making them bind
themselves by solemn agreement that they will
resist all efforts to reconstruct those States and
bring them back into harmonious action with
the whole. 8ir, if my sympathies are to be
appealed to they rest in another quarter. I see
toiling thousands of disabled loyal soldiers who
bore the burden and heat of the day, and stood
the battle's shoek like a wall of fire, toiling
from early morning to night to help to bear the
hardens of a suffering people. I put the ques-
tion to the honorable Senator from Ohio, whose
constituents acted so gallantly and so nobly in
the late struggle, and with one of the noblest
spirits in which the name of the honorable Sen-
ator is so intimately associated, whether he is
willing to vote $27,500,000, or their quota of it,
upon the loyal soldiers of Ohio? Sir, they
bear the scars of many a well-fought field ; they
have borne enough ; I, for them, say they have
borne enough; and to ask them now to bear
this additional burden for the purpose of letting
up a class of men that have lorded it with the
whip and the lash, is what, in the name of com-
mon humanity and of common respect for the
opinions of mankind, I object to and.protest
against.
If the tax is too high on cotton take off part
of it; let the Committee on Finance tell us how
much higher the tax is on cotton than on Other
industries, and bring it to its level. Though
their sins be as'scarlet I am willing to forgive
them; I am willing to stand now, when this
heated contest is over, exactly on a level with
them in the way of taxation; but I am not will-
ing that they should have the entire advantage
of exemption from paying anything for the
terrible woe with which they have afflicted this
nation. Sir, I am willing that my record should
stand there: I am for precise equality; no
exemption for them that the other industries
of this nation do not share in. I would relieve
the spindles of the honorable Senator from
Rhode Island if I could ; but the whirling spin-
dle, the hoe, the plow, the ax, and. every
implement of industry must toil on in sorrow
until this debt is paid. I am not willing that
cotton should be again king, after it has cost
almost half a million of lives to dethrone him.
My friend from Rhode Island Bays that he
sees no way out for the manufacturers; he sees
a very dark prospect before them. Why, sir,
everybody since the war closed has been com-
plaining of hard times; and why? During the
war they had to have clerks to count their
profits, [laughter,] and a business that was sat-
isfactory before the war is not worth considering
now. It is so with merchants; I appeal to my
friend from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] if it is
not true. It is so with manufacturers; it is so
with speculators. Manufacturers got such enor-
mous profits during the war that a business
which was considered good by them before the
war my friend in his vision considers so poor
now that he sees nothing but ruin before him.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to tell him where those profits have
gone?
Mr. NYE. Oh yes, certainly, if it is neces-
sary to tell me, but I do not think it. is.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Then I will not tell you.
Mr. NYE. I do not care where they have
gone. That I consider the private part of the
subject which I have no right to inquire into.
Therefore my friend will excuse me if I relieve
him from the trouble of telling me. Sir, I do
not believe they have gone yet. It is the fear
of their going in this little adverse current or
tide that is setting now the other way which
has filled my friend's vision with such floating
scenes of war.
What we want is to steady down ; and we
have got to do it. I remember when I went
from the eastern to the western coast some
years ago there was a man who attended a
toll-gate at one of the ferries in New York,
and 1 owned a little stock in the company,
which I must say I was compelled to sell in
order to get away. [Laughter.] When I came
back I met him in Wall street going at the gait
of the heaviest manufacturer in the nation. I
hailed him, and said I, "Sir, are you attending
that gate wow ? " ''Gatel" said he; "lam
worth five millions of money." I came to
inquire and found it was so. Oh, how he suf-
fers now! and he did then, according to his
story. [Laughter.] I must say here though,
that the stockholders did not make much money
while be ran that ferry. [Laughter.] Boys who
stood behind the- counter when I went away
when I came back were lordly merchants driv-
ing their four-in-hand. Oh, the horrors of the
war! Now, it is because business is returning
a little to its legitimate sphere; because busi-
ness is coming back in the ratio to the capital
invested in it, that we hear these sounds of
woe.
I take issue with the honorable Senator from
Rhode Island, notwithstanding all his finan-
cial experience, on his proposition that we are
five billions poorer than when this war broke
out. I agree with him in one thing though—
and I wish my voice could be heard by this
committee potentially upon one question of
finance, but I have no anticipation that it will
be—I agree with the Senator from Rhode
Island that it is time to stop the attempt of
trying to pay off onr debt now. I would let
our bonds run for thirty or forty years, paying
the interest; and with an efficient head of the
revenue department we can collect enough
money from rum, whisky, and tobacco to pay
the interest of our debt, and I would let the
suffering industries of the land be relieved and
let the population and property of the country
grow up to the debt. In thirty years we shall
have one hundred and seven million inhab-
itants in the United States, and the surface of
our country from the Atlantic to the Pacific
will be studded thick with the abodes of happy,
intelligent, thrifty producers. That will pay
your debt, and nothing else will. Sir, I would
like to relieve industry, and I would tjar the
luxuries of this land to pay the interest of the
debt, and I would let future generations pay
their proportion of this terrible liability, be-
cause this battle has been fought for them and
they will reap the glory and honor of it. I
would let every spindle run quicker and every
hoe ply easier, and for every plow I would
substitute two in its place, and I would make
the desert, as it is called across this country,
bud and blossom as the rose. There, Mr.
President, k*ys the true souree of power and
wealth to pay this debt unfelt. I would open
the rich mines of the West where every mount-
ain is teeming with the precious metals. Upon
the Pacific railroad which is being constructed
I would carry cheap implements and cheap
labor to utibowel the wealth of this nation, and
I can produce you gold and silver enough from
the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean in five
years from the time of the completion of that
road to roll up to the sum of five hundred mil-
lions per annum.
I entertain none of the fears of my more
experienced friend from Rhode Island. Sir,,
in that part of the country to which I have
referred lies hidden untold wealth, and every
valley between here and there is productive;
and increased production and increase of pop-
ulation will make this debt light as a trifle Co
future generations; they will not feel it. I
hazard nothing when I say that this genera-
tion has already paid as much money in dif-
ferent ways, in its charities and taxation, as
the nation now owes: and my friend on my
right [Mr. Howard] says more. Undoubt-
edly. We have given four hundred thousand
lives of loyal men. Is not that enough for
this nation? Stop then, 1 beseech the Com-
mittee on Finance, trying to pay this debt now.
A nation that produces gold and silver enough
of its own, that does not have to exchange its
products in order to buy coin with which to
pay its interest, can- never be poor. No
nation on earth can bear a burden like our
own; for every mountain from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean is teeming with the
material to do it.
Therefore, sir, I say let loose the energies
of your people; take off the taxes that fetter
their industry and let the population and the
products of the couutry grow up to the mag-
nitude of your debt. Let us do this, and we
shall act, in my judgment, like wise statesmen.
But to keep on now the taxes that have been
resting on the galled back of this nation for
five years is cruelty and further than is abso-
lutely necessary.
Let me say in conclusion that what, we want
is that my honorable friend from Ohio and his
honorable associates upon the Committee on
Finance shall during the recess we are about
to take consider well where the deficit caused
by taking off this cotton tax can be made up,
and equalize it so that it shall be borne by all
alike. I shall most happily join in voting for
any measure they may propose which meets
that aspect of the case.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I wish to make one re-
mark that I intended to make when I was
up before, and it is simply this: that the
spirit of braggadocio and the brag of the
American people has been their ruin. It has
been a curse upon them ; for while they have
been indulging in that luxury the people of
Other countries have been employed and have
been prosperous. There is not now within the
range of my vision an article produced by the
American people except that which comes
from the soil that goes out of our country and
enters into the consumption of the world. I
do not wish to go over the list, but any one
conversant with statistics knows that there is
not one. Look at your ship-building and lum-
ber interests. Your ship-building is destroyed,
and in lieu of building ships yon send out a
little lumber, and then you send out a little
coal, and you send cotton, and you send gold,
and that is the sum total.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I do not
intend to follow my friend from Nevada [Mr.
Nye] into the inviting field of argument and
declamation that he has opened. The debate
has been prolonged to too great an extent
already. 1 am yet in hopes of securing a vote
to-night before the adjournment of the Senate:
but there are one or two observations w~hich I
wish to make in reply to him. He constantly
extols the value of our gold and silver mines,
