1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1681
Committee of flections makes this case an
exception to that law, and allows this gentle-
man, Mr. Butler, of Tennnessee, to take his
seat without taking the oath prescribed by that
law.
I think, sir, when we attempt to change that
test-oath we should be very cautious. When
this question was before the House on the res-
olution which came from the Senate in Senator
Patterson's case a solemn phalanx almost
stood up in this House and opposed it; and I
believe the learned chairman of the Committee
of Elections himself voted against it. The
same thing is now proposed in this House;
that is, to modify the provisions of that law by
which any man who was in the rebel army
shall be permitted to take the oath and a seat
upon this floor.
Mr. Speaker, we must be consistent. In the
case of John Young Brown, of Kentucky,
determined by this House a short time ago,
Brown professed to be a Union man. I admit
he had a poor way of showing his Unionism j
but he professed to be a Union man. It is
true he was not in the rebel Legislature. He
had held no office in the rebel army. But it
was evident he sympathized with the rebellion.
This House decided by an overwhelming vote
that he could not consistently take that oath
of 2d July, 18G2, (which met my decided ap-
probation,) and therefore the House would not
permit him to be sworn in, and so informed
the Governor of Kentucky. Now, here is a
gentleman who presents himself from Tennes-
see. I admit Tennessee deserves great praise.
I admit that the loyal people of Tennessee
deserve more credit than the people of any
State which attempted to secede, but it is not
pretended that Mr. Butler can take the oath.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what is the provision of
the oath he is required to take? It is as fol-
lows :.
441, A B, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I
have never voluntarily borne arms against the Uni-
ted States since 1 have beon a citizen thercot; that
I have voluntarily given no aid, countenance, coun-
sel, or encouragement to persons engaged in armed
hostility thereto; that I have neither sought nor
accepted nor attempted to exercise the functions of
any office whatever, under any authority or pre-
tended authority, in hostility to the United States;
that I have not yielded a voluntary support to any
pretended government, authority, power, or consti-
tution within the United States hostile or inimical
thereto. And I do further &wear (or affirm) that, to
the best of my knowledge and ability, I will support
and defend the Constitution of the United States
against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I
will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that
I take this obligation freely, without any mental
reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will
well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office
on which I am about to enter. So help me God."
The committee propose to modify that oath
m his case by striking out these words:
"That I have neither sought nor accepted nor at-
tempted to cxcroise the functions of any office what-
ever, under any authority or pretended authority, in
hostility to the United States."
It is evident, Mr. Speaker, that Mr. Butler
cannot take the oath prescribed by the act of
July 2, 1862, because of his connection with
the rebel government. 1 find, while he was a
member of the rebel Legislature of Tennessee,
he voted for these resolutions:
u Saturday Morning, December 14,18G1.
"Senate resolution No. 59, on the subject of a recon-
struction of the Government of the United States, was
taken up, and Mr. Jones offered the following reso-
lutions in lieu:
"Resolved, That itisthesense of this General Assem-
bly that the separation of those Slates now forming the
confederate Statesof AmcricafromthoUnitedStates
is, and ought to be, final, perpotual, and irrevocable;
and that Tennessee will, under no circumstances,
entertain any proposition, from any quarter, which
may have for its object a restoration or reconstruc-
tion of the late Union, on any terms or conditions
whatever.
'Resolved, That the war which the United States are
waging against the confederate States should be re-
sisted with the utmost vigor and energy, and until
our independence andnat tonality arc unconditionally
acknowledged by the United States.
"Resolved, ThatTennessee pledges herself to herself
and to her sister States of the confederacy that she
wilt stand by them throughoutthe struggle; thatshe
will contribute all themeans which her resources will
supply, so far as may be necessary, to the support of
the common cause, and will not consent to lay down
arms until pea cc is established on the basis of the lore-
goingresolutions."
On these resolutions I find Mr, Butler'sname
recorded in the affirmative.
I also find on page 12 of the evidence the
testimony of Henry Wilber, as follows :
" I was with Butler in Knoxville, and he asked
me to give him all the influence I had to procure him
office under the confederate government; but he did
not say what office he wanted, and, from big conver-
sation, I supposed him to belong to and sympathize
with the confederate cause."
Mr. DAWES. Does it not occur to my
friend that it would be fair, after having read
that resolution and stated how Mr. Butler
voted, to read also his change of his vote in
the same?
Mr. MILLER. I was coming to that; but
why should I repeat it, as the gentleman [Mr.
Dawes] read it and I am reading the part of
the evidence he omitted. It is true lie did
change his vote. If the rebellion had been
successful I do not know whether he would have
changed it; he might or might not, and it is
not for us to conjecture. Mr. Butler took an
oath to suppoit the rebel confederacy. My
colleague [Mr. Broomau.] thinks, under the
circumstances, that was but a small matter.
Why, sir, when the rebels violated the oath this
Government prescribed did we not consider
them guilty of a high crime? And is a man
who took an oath to support the confederate
government to be allowed to eotne in here and
say, " I took it merely for the purpose of help-
ing the Union cause?" That, sir, is a kind of
morality I neither understand nor approve. It
is conceded 011 all hands that Mr. Butler ac-
cepted a position as a member of the rebel
Legislature. Was he impressed into that kind
of service? If he had been forced into the
rebel army against his will there would have
been some excuse. But did you ever hear of
a man being impressed into office or forced to
be a member of a legislative body ? We might,
with the same propriety, talk about a man
being impressed to run for Congress. When
candidates get so scarce as that it will be time
enough to consider the question of modifying
or abrogating the test-oath.
Mr. COOK. The oath to support the con-
federacy was not prescribed at all by the Legis-
lature at that time. Ho had to take it after-
ward.
Mr. MILLER. lie was not bound to take
it; but it seems, rather than lose his position as
a member of that legislative body, he was will-
ing to take the oath to support the southern
confederacy.
Mr. COOK. He was bound to take it or go
to prison.
Mr. MILLER. I ask the gentleman whether
he would not prefer going to prison to taking
an oath that he knew he was going to violate?
Mr. UPSON. I would ask the gentleman
if he has read the evidence in this case ; and,
if so, whether he has any doubt as to the loy-
alty of Mr. Butler?
Mr. MILLER. I have 110 doubt he did some
acts for which he deserved a great deal of credit.
But in changing his vote it is apparent that he
started wrong, and no good reason can be
urged for taking such an oath.
Mr. COOK. Did he not at the breaking out
of the rebellion speak in his own district against
the act of secession, and was he not the most
active man in rolling up a great vote against
secession in that district?
Mr. MILLER. Yes, sir; and so was Alex-
ander H. Stephens a most active man in
Georgia, and poured forth his eloquence
against secession. We had his speech printed
and circulated through the northern Stales.
It was read and commented upon on the stump
and in various public assemblies over and
over again to the people. And yet what did
he do? As soon as a high office was offered
to him he discarded his loyalty to the Union;
he let go the horns of the altar of liberty to
which he had clung so long with such tenacity
and went for secession and the confederacy,
proclaiming that the confederate government
was superior to any other that had ever been
established, because it had slavery for its cor-
ner-stone.
I maintain, Mr. Speaker, that Mr. Butler
does not stand in a condition to take the test-
oath, and that there is no sufficient reason why
we should modify it in his case as proposed by
the resolution reported by the Committee of
Elections, so as to admit him to this floor. • I
admit that by the fourteenth article of amend-
ment to the Constitution Congress may change
it by a two-thirds vote. The third section of
the fourteenth article is as follows:
"Sec. 3. No person shall be a Senator or Repre-
sentative in Congress, or eleotor of President and
Vice President, or hold any office, civil or military,
under the United States, or under any State, who,
having previously taken an oath as a member of
Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a
member of any State Legislature, or as an executive
or judicial otticer of any State, to support the Consti-
tution of the United States, shall hu.vo engaged in
insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given
aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congrcs-s
may, by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove
such disability."
Now, I will say in regard to that section of
the article, that when adopted by Congress
it was contemplated that the time might arrive
when the southern States lately in revolt would
beproperly reconstructed, and when they would
show by acts of loyalty that we might take away
this disability, not from one man, but from the
entire South, with some few exceptions. That
was the object of this section. It was not in-
tended to cover particular individual cases;
yet I concede that under this section we could
take up single cases and relieve the parties by
a two-thirds vote of both Houses.
It has not yet been declared whether this
fourteenth article has been adopted as an
amendment, to the Constitution of the United
States. We have provided in all the recon-
struction laws which we have passed that, when
the southern States present constitutions here
which we approve and send loyal men to Con-
gress we will receive them, but upon the con-
dition that these States must first ratify this
fourteenth article to the Constitution. That is
a condition precedent which we have imposed
on all the southern States. Tennessee has
come in and she has ratified this amendment by
her Legislature, but the other late rebel States
have not yet done it, and 1 hold that it would
be dangerous to take the step proposed here
while there are ten States yet unreconstructed,
and we are inviting those States to hold elec-
tions and frame proper constitutions repub-
lican in form and elect and return here mem-
bers of Congress who can take this oath pre-
scribed by the act of July 2, 1862, and telling
them that when they do that we will receive
their Representatives.
Mr. Speaker, what is the case presented
here ? Why, sir, we have presented here be-
fore us a gentleman from the State of Tennes-
see who, by the report of the committee, con-
cedes he was a member of the rebel Legislature
of that State and tookan oath to support the rebel
confederacy. He admits here that he cannot
take the oath, that he was in the rebel confed-
eracy, and was a member of one of their legis-
lative bodies. Docs he say that he was pressed
into it? He says that he went into the Legis-
lature because he thought he was doing the
Union cause good. A strange plea, that he
was doing the Union cause good by going into
the rebel Legislature and voting for the resolu-
tions to which I have referred ! I hold that it
would be a dangerous step for us to undertake
now to single out this particular case, as pro-
posed in the resolution presented by the com-
mittee. Shall this gentleman, though he was a
member of the rebel Legislature, and swore he
would support the southern confederacy, be
allowed to come here and take an oath pre-
pared for his peculiar case an€ be admitted to
a seat in Congress?
What will be the next step? Next we will
have Georgia, perhaps, sending Alexander H.
Stephens here, and he will come and ask us
to pass a special act for his benefit. I ask my
friend, the able chairman of the Committee of
Elections, if he will advocate the admission of
Mr. Stephens? He can take up Mr. McPher-
son's able work on the rebellion and show
there Mr. Stephens's speeches, how he pro-
