m
the mmmmomi; 6L®BS
December 20^
and I Late often heard him talk in his eloquent
manner about the mountains of gold and silver
and the immense wealth of the vast country
•which he represents on this floor, and yet
that interest, so magnificent in its proportions,
squirms, growls, and whines at a tax of one
half of one per cent, on its gross product.
Mr. NYE. I have not said any such thing.
I cheerfully accepted that tax, and if the inter-
ests of the country required more we would
submit to more.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my honorable
friend will allow me to go on.
Mr. NYE. I certainly will, but I trust my
friend will not misrepresent me.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Nevada
indorsed what his colleague said in regard to
the tax on mines. That is the only tax levied
upon the people of Nevada, although they are
living upon the public lands without cost, sur-
veyed at the public expense, for which they
have not paid one dollar.
Mr. NYE. I beg the Senator's pardon. I
hope he will not abuse Nevada because of any
suggestion I made. We paid as much for
our lands as the inhabitants of Ohio paid for
theirs at the time they pnrchased it; and
everything that has been surveyed has been
sold.
Mr. SHERMAN. At $1 25 an acre.
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir; that is what Ohio
paid I suppose, but I rather guess Ohio did
not pay that. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes ; Ohio paid $2 60.
But here is the position in which we stand:
we are endeavoring to relieve a great industry
of this country, and the Senator from Nevada
complains of it and indorses his colleague's
position, that Nevada, with her mountains of
silver and her mountains of gold, with all the
glorious prospects looming before her, with
the promise that she will be able to pay off
the whole national debt, is suffering under a
tax of one half of one per cent, on her gross
products; and yet he .turns round and says
■that he will not now modify a tax equivalent
to twenty-five per cent, upon the rawest pro-
duction of agriculture, and he seems to think
that we who desire to repeal this cotton tax
are in sympathy with the rebels.
Why, sir, for whose benefit is this repeal ?
The Senator from Nevada told ng that he had
a heart that could sympathize with the lowly,
but could not sympathize with the haughty
aristocrat. For whose benefit is this repeal?
It is for the benefit of the colored man, who
has been emancipated by your laws. Here are
four million people, three fourths of whom are
engaged in the cultivation of cotton and in
nothing else. They know nothing but to cul-
tivate cotton. Their daily life for years has
been the production of this raw staple of your
industry, the foundation of your wealth. The
men who took arms against the Government
do not come here and plead for the repeal of
this cotton tax so much as the negroes whom we
have emancipated; and the men whom you have
denounced here so often will receive no benefit
from the repeal of the cotton tax ; but if you
do not repeal it you take bread from the mouths
of the men whom you and I have emancipated,
whom we are bound to stand by to the bitter
end. Yea, sir, when the poor negro, who has
worked one year in hard labor, comes up now
to realize his pay for that labor, what does the
United States of America demand of him? One
fourth of his entire year's work, and that to be
paid now, at a season when he wants bread,
when he wants clothes. And you turn to us
and say that we are appealing in behalf of the
rich land-holder or of the rebel aristocrat!
No, sir; I am appealing in behalf of thosefour
million people who now depend upon what they
receive from this cotton crop for their daily
bread. You take from their mouths that which
is necessary to feed them, to comfort them, to
console them, to support them, and to clothe
them.
My friend appeals also to the State of Ohio.
Heasks, Do you desire to throw the burden of
this tax upon the people of Ohio and the sol-
diers of Ohio? Let me say in behalf of my
noble State that I know no organ of public
opinion in Ohio but what favors the repeal of
this tax. Every Representative in the other
House from Ohio, so far as I know, voted in
favor of it; every newspaper that has spoken
on the subject has spoken in favor of it; every
soldier that I have ever heard speak of it has ;
spoken in the same way. On the first day of i
this debate I read letters from leading soldiers
who had gone from Ohio to the South and are
living there temporarily, begging us in the
name of humanity, for the benefit of the negroes
who raise the cotton, to repeal this cotton tax
It is not, therefore, for the benefit of the land-
holders, for rebels, but for the benefit of the
men whom we are bound to protect and sus-
tain. '
, Sir, it is idle for any gentleman to talk about
■ this tax, oppressive in its nature, as a tax that
j must be kept on until all the insignificant taxes
1 that now rest upon our industries shall be re-
i moved. It is impossible so to treat it. My
! friend from Nevada by his closing remarks has
,■ answered many of the points in the first part
i of his argument. He says all these taxes can
| be repealed if we only collect the whisky tax.
Well, sir, the House of Representatives is now
engaged in a careful revision of the revenue
laws with a view to modify and arrange all
these taxes. We cannot anticipate their action.
The Constitution provides that the House of
Representatives shall originate tax bills. When
they come to us we will give to them the patient
attention which they deserve. The House, im-
pelled by a strong popular sentiment and by the
overwhelm ing distress ofthe South, have already
sent to us by an almost unanimous vote—a vote
passed without a division—a bill to relieve one
suffering interest. Shall we wait while people
starve? Shall we prevent them from entering
into contracts for their next year's supplies?
I say no; but let the Senate be as generous and
liberal as the House of Representatives. I say
to the Senator, with full confidence that there
is no danger of a deficiency in our revenue, I
do not wish to go into an argument and present
tables and figures; but if 1 were to do so, I
could show clearly that we shall have ample
means to relieve many branches of onr indus-
try, carry on the expenses of our Government,
and throw off the cotton tax. The cotton tax
is not included in the estimate for the years
1868 and 1869. The Secretary having recom-
mended that it be repealed anticipated its repeal
and no estimate is made for the cotton tax. On
the other hand, the estimates of the Secretary
are based on the idea that a further reduction
in taxation will be made so that the amount of
taxes to be levied according to the report of
the Secretary, if I remember aright, is about
three hundred and fifty millions instead of
$467,000,000, the amount collected the year
before. He has anticipated a reduction of taxes,
and there is no doubt that we shall be able to
do precisely what the Senator says we can do,
by a careful revision of the taxes, by a saving
of appropriations, by a more accurate collec-
tion of certain taxes on whisky, incomes, and
the like. In this way we shall be able to more
than pay our ordinary expenses, and probably
have a small sum for the extinction of our pub-
lic debt.
My honorable friend anticipates another
measure that has already been reported upon.
He says do not let ns go on and pay oft' the
principal of the public debt. So say I. So we
expect to provide, and in the very bill which
has received the partial attention of my friend
he will perceive provision made by which the
amount to be applied to the principal of the
public debt is limited to a sum to be fixed by
Congress, and the Committee on Finance pro-
posing not to pay more than one per cent,
annually of the principal of the public debt
hereafter; and to name a fixed sum which
will gradually, operating as a sinking fund,
pay off the whole public debt at some remote
period; but that question is scarcely worth
while Jo anticipate. I have already said more
than x designed when I rose. I hope that the
Senate will, without any farther debate if pos*-
sible, take a vote upon the various questions
involved in this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, it is
now nearly four o' clock, and in my judgment
it will be impossible to finish this bill to-day.
If we now go into executive session I suppose
the bill will be the first business in order when
we return here after the recess of sixteen days.
That will avoid the question of postponement
till February, when many gentlemen think it
will be too late. I suppose at the end of the
sixteen days it will not be too late to take it
up and dispose of it. I believe that will be the
best disposition of it now under the circum-
stances. I move, therefore, that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. GRIMES. Before that motion is put
I should like to address one inquiry to the
Senator from Maine, -whether or not it is pro-
posed to prevent a vote being taken by discuss-
ing this subject ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not to my knowledge.
Mr. GRIMES. If that is the purpose we
may as well know it at once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have no disposition
of that sort. I am perfectly ready for myself
to vote, and I am willing that-fche Senate shall
take any course that it pleases. I presume
such a purpose as is intimated is not in the
mind of anybody.
Mr. CONNESS. It is evident we cannot
get-a vote now.  .
Mr. FESSENDEN. I only say that with
the disposition to debate it, the question being
one of such interest, it appears to me to be
impossible to finish the bill to-day, and there-
fore I thought it would be more satisfactory to
the honorable chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee to have the bill put in such a position
that it would be the first business in order when
we come back at the expiration of the sixteen
days. There will then be time enough to pass
the bill in some shape to afford relief, and it
will not go over to the middle of February by
a formal vote. In the mean time gentlemen
can be informed in regard to the merits of the
matter. I merely make the suggestion; I am
not particular about it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let us take a vote on
the postponement.
Mr. CONKLING. There is no use in that
now for the House of Representatives has
adjourned finally.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The House has ad-
journed, and the bill cannot be signed if passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not suppose any
Senator would seek to obstruct a vote on this
bill; and as it would probably be amended in
some slight particular, or at least may be, it is
evident, the other House having adjourned, that
it must go over until the January session. We
cannot probably do anythingto-dayunder theSe
circumstances. I must, therefore, consent to
accept the suggestion, and let it remain as the
unfinished business, with a view to have it dis-
posed of when we meet again in January.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that is the best
course. I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
PUBLICATION OF LAWS.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Before that motion is
put I desire, by common consent, to have a
resolution of inquiry passed which I offered
yesterday, but which was laid over at the
instance of the Senator from Vermont that he
might offer an amendment. I desire to have
the resolution passed now so that the answer
may be Laid before us at our next meeting.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Maine withdraw his motion for
that purpose?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I now move to take up
the resolution which I submitted yesterday.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution:
Revolved, That the Secretary of State be requested
to inform the Senate what is the amount ot money
