2716
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May m,
is not surprising that the demoralization which
is inseparable from such conduct should show
itself in ballot-box stuffing, illegal and double
voting, and all kinds of fraud when the con-
test is between the opposing political parties
at a regular election.
A convention of delegates, elected as I have
described, meet, organize, and go through the
routine of appointing a committee to report to
the convention the names of persons to be se-
lected as delegates to State conventions, and,
if necessary to success, the same unfairness
which marked the proceeding at the ward and
township caucuses are repeated in county and
State Conventions, and the persons whom the
schemers desire for delegates are usually se-
lected. At State conventions the delegates are
so far removed from the people that they rep-
resent for the most part the cliqucs to which
they belong, and the delegates who are in turn
selected by them to our national conventions
represent, as a rule, first themselves, next
their personal friends, and last of all the people.
The demoralization inseparable from such
disgraceful proceedings cannot be overstated.
As Mr. Benton says, a majority of the dele-
gates who attend national conventions do so
lor the purpose of establishing claims for office,
and we all know that they are usually candi-
dates for an appointment at the hands of the
President whom their votes help to nominate.
Where there are three or more rival candi-
dates for President before a national conven-
tion, and a balance of power party can be
formed, they do not hesitate to demand as a
condition to the vote of their cliqae or State
the promise of a Cabinet appointment. This
unblushing demand has been made as a condi-
tion to the support of cliques and factious at
more than one convention and acceded to. in
pursuance of such arrangements Cabinet min-
isters have been appointed, and were thus en-
abled by their official position to provide offices
for their friends, who, as delegates, voted as re-
quired in convention. Entire delegations from
States sometimes permit themselves to be bar-
tered and pledged for a candidate on condition
that one or more of their own number shall have
a designated official appointment, and some-
times even for the empty honor of having one
of their number act as the presiding officer of
the convention ; and this is called representing
the people. Thus in our natioual conventions,
where oftener than otherwise there are more
than two candidates, the mostunscrupulous are
the most likely to succeed. A few leading men
combining for Cabinet positions or foreign ap-
pointments can, by concentrating their votes,
secure a majority in the convention, and thus
nominate any candidate upon whom they unite.
If this has been and may be by combinations
such as I have described, it is certain to be
repeated again under like temptations.
The desire for place and power can, as it has
done, bring the most hostile political leaders
together. "If we combine," they whisper to
each other, "we shall conquer. If we divide
we shall be conquered." With the cohesive
power of self-interest to urge them on they
combine, and by the aid of party conventions
make nominations in the name of the people
to which the people are opposed, and thus live
upon the Government at their expense.
The Republican national convention for 1804,
which renominated Mr. Lincoln, and the lie-
publican convention which meet at Chicago on
the 20th of this month, formally to ratify the
wishes of the people in placing General Grant
in nomination, are exceptions to this rule. The
man of destiny is made a candidate in spite of
cliques and cabals. As no combinations could
have been made by party cliques formidable
enough in 1864 to have defeated the nomina-
tion and election of Mr. Lincoln, so none could
be made this year of sufficient magnitude to
defeat the nomination and election of General
Grant. Such was the condition of the country
m 1864, and such is its condition to-day, that
the people with a unanimity unprecedented
commanded, and the political schemers, making
a virtue of necessity, yielded) and were as clam-
orous for Lincoln in 1864 as they are to-day for
General Grant.
As a rule, however, national conventions
do not, as I have shown, nominate the first
choice of either party. Especially is this the
case with the Democratic party. The two-
thirds rule makes their cliques mora formi-
dable, and the schemers usually so manage as
to get their favorite or secure a compromise on
some new man whom they know they can use.
If the President and all elective officers were
nominated by law as I propose, no compro-
mise on a new and unknown man could possi-
bly be made by political managers.
Under such a system as J propose it will be
conceded that General Taylor could not have
been nominated by the Whig party in 1848 nor
General Scott in 1852; nor could the Demo-
crats have nominated James K. Polk in 1814,
Pierce in 1852, or Buchanan in 1856. It is
doubtful whether more than two of the five
men just named could, under the proposed sys-
tem, have obtained votes enough at the first or
nominating election to have been included in
the list of the five highest, so as to have been
voted for at tho second or regular election ;
and, of course, in that event, they could not
have been, as they were, the candidates of their
respective parties.
Instead of conventions representing the peo-
ple, in myjndgment no plan could well be de-
vised which would more certainly divest them
of all power and transfer it to party managers
and party cliques.
The appointment of delegates in the manner
which I have described tends to put the whole
political machinery of each party into tho
hands of a few who make politics a trade and
live by scheming.
The further the selection of delegates to
national conventions is removed from the peo-
ple the more certainly docs power pass into
the hands of the few. In such conventions
the voice of the people is not heard, and the
will of the delegates, who are usually ofBce
expectants, becomes supreme. An active,
trained, and united clique is thus sure to be
formed in every party, who will devote their
entire time and attention to manipulating and
controlling conventions. They will retain in
their hands the appointment of all delegates
from the ward and township meetings up to the
national conventions. In order to increase
and concentrate their power they will, if they
can secure a bare majority in their Slate con-
ventions, cause the delegates to national con-
ventions to be instructed to vote as a unit on
all questions, thus silencing tho voice of the
minority, if by any mischance there should
happen to be a minority in cither county or
State conventions. In this way the most ex-
perienced, cunning, and unworthy men often
control the great conventions of both the great
political parties.
When these schemes are successful and their
nominations are made the people are call ed upon
to elect the nominees. If any member of the
party hesitates to give his unqualified support
to a ticket thus nominated he is branded as
an apostate and deserter. In the mean time,
these gentlemen who graciously assume to pro-
vide the people with candidates for all places
divide the offices in the States among them-
selves and their adherents and join in recom-
mending to the presidential candidate whom
they have just nominated every delegate who
has voted right, for an appointment of some
kind, to be made when he shall have been
elected.
This corruption is the legitimate fruit of the
convention system, and appears to be insepa-
rable from it.
For this reason I have long been opposed
to any system which interposes between the
people and the nomination and election of the
President or any officer elective by the people.
The proposition which I have submitted, if
adopted, abolishes at once all this, and de-
stroys absolutely the power of factions and
cliques, so that thereafter they would no longer
be*able to control or dictate nominations : and
in this important particular the Democratic
theory would be fully recognized in the Con-
stitution.
It may, and probably will be, claimed by the
friends of the con vention system, that the propo-
sition securing a nominating election under the
protection and security of law would not pre-
vent the caucus nomination of candidate to be
voted for at the first election. There is un-
questionably some force in this suggestion. I
am confident, however, that its adoption would
practically abolish the convention system. As
congressional caucuses were superseded by the
convention system, so all nominations would
thereafter be made by the free and voluntary
expression of the people at the ballot-box; and
it would soon become unpopular and dangerous
to the success of any candidate to be the nom-
inee of any clique or caucus as now. In short,
the convention system would be repudiated,as
congressional caucuses were repudiated, and
if a candidate attempted to force himself in
advance upon the people by the use of such
machinery he would meet with certain and just
defeat.
The people may safely be intrusted with
the management of this whole matter. All
they ask is the protection of law, and they will
soon dispose of party trickstcrs and convention
cliques. A nominating election, under the safe-
guards of law, is their security. If cliques and
conventions attempt to dictate and control at
the first or nominatingelection, their defeat will
be inevitable at the second or regular election.
It will thus be seen that the system has, in
itself, the inherent power of protection against
caucuses, conventions, and frauds.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I would like
to ask my colleague if he has not attended
conventions and been nominated by conven-
tions, and if he does not support all nomina-
tions made by the Kepublican party?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. 1 answer the ques-
tion of my colleague in the affirmative. I
have attended conventions and expect to attend
them as long as my party adheres to that
system. I have been nominated by conven-
tions, and have accepted those nominations,
because I believed they were honestly made,
and because I believed they fairly represented
the wishes of the party. I would not accept a
nomination secured by bargain and sale, or by
fraud and corruption. I would not accept a
nomination for any office if made by a " bal-
ance of power" clique, with the understand-
ing, expressed or implied, that in case of my
election I should appoint the leaders of such
clique to office. I have been nominated and
elected five consecutive times by the Repub-
lican party of my district, and I never made,
nor permitted to be made, such a promise to
a single man. I have always supported the
regular nominations made by my party, and
expect to do so until the system of nominat-
ing conventions is abolished, and some new
and better system adopted.
This, however, does not prove that the con-
vention system is not justly obnoxious to all
the objections which I have urged against it.
It only the better illustrates the fact, that the
great body of electors in both political parties
are often compelled to vote against their
better judgments by the machinery of party
caucus and party conventions.
THE IXDEFEASIBLE MODE OF ELECTING OfR PRESI-
DENTS MAINTAINED IX THE I.NTKEESrS OF SLA'S EEY.
But for the existence of slavery the present
indefensible anti-democratic system of elect-
ing the President by the appointment of elect-
ors in such manner as the State Legislatures
may by law provide would long since have
been changed, and a system more in accord
with the democratic spirit of the age adopted.
That the present system of nominating and
electing a President is in antagonism with the
principles of democratic government will not
be seriously questioned. It has more than
once defeated the popular choice for the nom-
ination and election of President. Since I
became a voter a majority of our Presidents
have been elected by a minority of the popular
