3740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
is the distillation of fruits ; whisky is the dis-
tillation of gram. Brandy yielded us last year
altogether in the United States of America
$855,075 47. How much of that came from
California? One would suppose that no State
in the Union was jjrodueing any brandy but
California. The fact is that the amount received
from California was $07,819, while the little
State of New Jersey makes apple-jack and
peach brandy which yielded us a revenue of
$289,595.
Now, Mr. President, this item is an import-
ant one ill our revenue, amounting to nearly a
million dollars, and we cannot afford to sur-
render it upon a mere talk about the growing
vines of California. We must get some revenue
from it, and there is no reason in the world why
brandy distilled from grapes ought not to pay
as much revenue as brandy distilled from apples
or from poaches or from any other fruit. No
discrimination ought to be made. Indeed,
there is no reason that any man can give for
makingany discrimination between spirits pro-
duced whether from fruit or from grain. They
are all a convenient subject of taxation, and
every nation has a right to get from spirits dis-
tilled from grain or from fruits any amount of
tax that can fairly be levied on them. Then
brandy from grapes is the most valuable of all
distillation, worth several times per gallon what
any other distillation from any other substance
whatever is. Our Ohio brandy sells for from
five to ten dollars a gallon.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Senator at this
point at what age that is after its distillation?
1 want him to be exact about these things.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is very good brandy
in three years, and whisky is not good under
thattime. No white man, or black man either,
ought to drink whisky until it is three years
old, although a great many do, because they
cannot afford to wait. When brandy is three
years old it is worth at least three or four times
as much as whisky, because it is more valu-
able, it is finer in every way, it is a more valu-
able ariicle of commerce. It is perfectly idle
for the Senator from California to ask us to
surrender $850,000 of revenue merely to
encourage the people of California in growing
grapes when the highest product we have
received from them on this tax is $67,000. I
have no doubt that the advantages of Califor-
nia as a grape-growing State will not be affected
in the slightest degree by this tax. They ought
to be satisfied with the reduction of one half
the tax now imposed by law. So far as 1 know,
the other States which will contribute a much
larger bum than California to this tax make no
complaint. They ask to be put on a footing
of perfect equality, and there is no reason in
the world why we should surrender this rev-
enue. 1 appeal to Senators, therefore, and ask
themto remctnberthat they cannot yield to the
appeal now made by the Senator from Califor-
nia without applying the same rule to all the
other States, and without surrendering a rev-
enue which yields in the aggregate under the
present law about a million dollars, which
probably at fifty cents a gallon will yield us not
less than $500,000..
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to add a few words
at this time to remind the Senate of the mate-
rial errors in the statement of the honorable
Senator from Ohio. He holds California re-
sponsible, and judges its grape-growing and
brandy-producing capacities for the ten years
of its existence as a producer of those com-
modities—-
Only one year.
The Senator does not
Mr. SHERMAN.
Mr. CONNESS.
understand me.
Mr. SHERMAN.
I spoke of only one year,
1867, last year, which was the largest product
of California.
Mr. CONNESS. I have not made myself
understood by the Senator. I remind the
Senator that the present population of Cali-
fornia were nearly ten years in that State before
they practically discovered the value of that
country and its climate for these puiposcs; so
that its productiveness had a beginning at a
period only ten years past. .Hence it is a
growing interest there, not an established inter-
est. _ When it becomes an established interest
it will not ask relief from taxation.
But the honorable Senator does the Stale of
California injustice in this regard: he com-
pares the tax derived from grapes to the total
tax produced from double the amount imposed
upon spirits from all other sources except
grain.
Mr. SHERMAN. Peaches, apples, and
grapes.
Mr. CONNESS. Peaches, apples, and grapes
included. I have heard the honorable Seuator
before this speak of the superior advantages of
Ohio as a grape-growing country and of the
value of the crop produced there. We have
known as well, or nearly as well, as the honor-
able Senator of the advance made in producing
wines and brandies from grapes in the State
of Ohio before we began. Not to know of the
history and advance made by the celebrated
Longworth, now deceased, would be to argue
one's self unknown. But, sir, I remind the
Senator that for all Ohio has done in that
regard, and for all it is capable of doing, we
will exceed it, he keeping his heavy liand off,
a thousandfold.
The difference, too, will be shown here, Mr.
President: the wines and brandies produced
in the State of Ohio, and in New Jersey, and
in Michigan, or wherever they are grown on
this side of thellocky mountains, are only those
produced from indigenous grapes ; grapes not
superior in their qualities ; from a few kinds
native to this soil and severe climate, while in
California we have transferred to our soil every
known quality of grapes on the face of the
earth ; and where 1 have my residence in that
State, at an elevation from the sea of twenty-
five hundred feet, the choicest grapes of Europe
grow and prosper in the most wonderful man-
ner without any attempt at preserving them
from the effects of climate or frosts.
Let me not be replied to on this point by
saying,'' these natural advantages are enough.:'
Not so, sir. The production of this interest
must be encouraged there as the production
of silk must be encouraged there, because it is
the natural home for both products. It is
where American enterprise and intelligence
applied to those two great products can be
carried on with great success to completion.
| But, Mr. President, it is not my intention to
[ occupy-too much of the time of this body on
this question. I only regret the view taken of
it by the members of the Committee on Fi-
nance, and will close by saying that I know if
they would transfer themselves to our side of
this continent for a while they would return
here abandoning all such notions as they have
now on this subject.
Mr. STEWAliT. I think the Senator from
Ohio has not stated this case quite fairly, and
consequently I must call his attention to the
facts. The amount received' from brandy in
California was $G7,819 13; and that all comes
from grapes. They manufacture from nothing
else that I am aware of..
Mr. SHERMAN. Do not they make any
apple-jack ?
Mr. STEWART. No; I never heard that
th-ey did. Ohio is the other grape-growing
State. Ohio and California are the only two
States that manufacture from grapes to any
extent worth noticing at all. The whole
amount received from Ohio from this manu-
facture from grapes, apples, and peaches—they
are counted together, I suppose, and it is im-
possible to distinguish them, and they manu-
facture a little apple-jack there—is §11,905 50;
so that it is safe to say that the whole amount
of revenue derived from grape brandy in the
United States cannot exceed $100,000. This
amendment refers to brandy made from grapes.
The amendment of the Senator from Califor-
nia refers to brandy made from grapes.
It was stated further by the Senator from
Ohio and others that there was no special rea-
son why this interest should be favored ; it is
a very small interest, and will make very little
difference to the revenue. I have a special
reason. Last year I had occasion, while can-
vassing California, to travel through the great
grape-growing region. The country is prolific
in the production of the article, but the people
engaged in it are poor. It takes a great deal
of time to cultivate the vines and bring them to
maturity. It is a new interest. They do not
understand the manufacture of wines. The
manufacture of wine and brandy from grapes,
I will state, is dependent the one upon the
other. If is impossible to make wine unless
you save the refuse, so to speak,- that is not
used for the purpose of making wine, and work
it into brandy. The wineinterest. is an import-
ant interest. What little they can make on the
manufacture of brandy will enable them to go
on. I believe if you do not relieve this inter-
est you will seriously injure the whole enter-
prise. If they understood it as they do in Europe
perhaps it might be otherwise. There are some
experienced persons there struggling to get
along, and it is a magnificent country for the
purpose, and it is going to be a great interest.
Reducing the tax one half will make very little
difference. You only lose three or four thou-
sand dollars in Ohio. I think if you encourage
the production in California you will eventu-
ally make it one of the great interests of the
country. I was in Sonoma last year, where
the principal manufactories are. They have to
wait several years, and they had great quanti-
ties in casks there which they were unable to
bring into market on account of the competi-
tion. and several of the leading men there have
actually been broken up. Colonel Haraszthy,
who has done more to develop the grape inter-
estthan any other man, who has been in Europe
several times, and spent his time andsubstanee
in promoting the manufacture of wine and
brandy in California, has been broken up,
which has been a great drawback upon the
grape interest in that section. He was the
leading man engaged in it.
In view of the importance of the interest,
if it is allowed to prosper, I think it but reason-
able that this reduction should be made. The
whole of that coast from Mexico up to Oregon
is suitable for the culture of grapes. It stands
upon a different principle from the manufac-
ture of brandy from peaches. You do not
manufacture wine from peaches. There is no
other interest depending upon it, no interest
to be fostered. If we can raise our own wine
in this country, it will be a very important
item. It is stated by men who profess to under-
stand it that the Pacific coast west of the Sierra
Nevada mountains is capable of producing
more grapes and more wines, if the interest
can be cultivated, than all Europe put together.
Some of the bestjudges fromEuropeso regard
it. But they have to wait very long for their
returns, and there are a class of men who have
gone into it, many of them Germans and
foreigners, who are poor and who have hard
work to struggle along. They have come to
this country to try to cultivate this interest,
and I feel a great deal of sympathy for their
efforts, having been among them and seen
them, and I could not say less than this to the
Senate in their behalf. I do not think it is
well to say that the whole revenue derived
from brandy is dependent upon this one item,
which is so small in the aggregate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I doubt not
the Senate are perfectly willing to be just and
even generous in the arrangement of the tax
upon the brandy made in California or made
anywhere else from grapes ; and I only use the
language " made from grapes" because that is
the language of the law. But Idesire that the
Senate ma}' understand precisely what they
have done and what it is proposed to do. I
am not unwilling to be placed in the attitude
of a friend to American manufactures or to
American productions of any kind; and I am
proud when I hear it stated that the number
of vines in California has increased from ten
millions in 1804 to twenty millions in 1868. I
am willing to concede that the brandy made
there is a very pure and excellent article, not
