194
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February'24,
Ho. op Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Laiorence.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sgss.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. W. LAWRENCE,
of ohio,
IN the House op Representatives,
February 24, 1868,
On the resolution for the impeachment of the Presi-
- dent of the United States, ■
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
the resolution upon which we will soon be
called to vote declares that the President of
the United States should be impeached of high
crimes and misdemeanors.
It becomes a solemn duty,'therefore, to in-
quire \rhat.the President has done—has ho
violated the Constitution or any law of the
land 1
' Fortunately for the country and for us, the
question what he has done is one of fact, about
wMcli'there is no dispute. A brief historical
sum-Mary will enable us to comprehend this
fact—its nature, magnitude, and consequences.
•From the formation of the Government up
to the-2d day of March, 1867, the Cabinet offi-
cers of the Government, and many others like-
wise cheated by law, were appointed by the
President by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, and held their offices for no lixed
term, but indefinitely until removed.
The Constitution had ordained that the Pres-
ident—
"Shallnominate, and by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate shall appoint, embassadors,
other public ministers and oonsuls, judges of the Su-
grenie Court, .and all other ollicors of the Unitod
tates, whose appointments are not herein otherwise
provided for, and which shall bo established by law ;
but the Congress may, by law, vest the appointment
of such inferior officers as thoy think proper in the
President alono, in the courts of law, or in the heads
of Departments.
"The President shall have power to 1511 all va-
cancies that may happen, during the recess of the
Senate, by'granting commissions whioh shall expire
at the end of their next session."—Art. 2, sec. 2.
The Constitution neither created nor pre-
scribed the term of office of any Cabinetoflicer,
but this was left to Congress, having the consti-
tutional power—
"To make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into exoeution the foregoing
powers"—
meaning those vested in Congress—
"and ail other powers vested by this Constitution in
the Government of the United States or in any de-
partment or officer thereof/''—Art. 1, sec. 8.
Congress at an early day by law created
various Departments of the Government with
Cabinet officers at their head, 'out fixed no
term of office.
When the First Congress established the
Department, of Foreign Affairs, the question
arose whether its head should be made in
terms removable by the President. On one
side it was said that the power of removal was
vested in the President, either as an executive
power or as incident to the power of appoint-
ment, while on the other it was maintained
that the power of removal, nowhere in terms
being conferred on the President, could only
be exercised with the assent of the Senate.
"The result mis not a decision, bat what better
deserves to be characterized as a compromise or
evasion ofthe question, by the substitution for the
words, td be removables by the President,' of tho
phraseology, 'whenever the said principal officer
shall be removed by the President, or in any other
case of vacancy, the chief clerk shall take charge of
the papers, &c.
And so it stands in the law-. (Act August
7, 1789, sec. 2; 1 U. S. Stat., 50.) From that
time, for many years, the President had main-
tained and exercised as to all civil officers hav-
ing no fixed terms the power of removal.
The practice had been when the Seriate was
not in session for the President to remove
officers at his pleasure, and to issue commis-
sions to new officers, as the Constitution re-
quires, to "expire at the end of the next session"
of the Senate.
But when the Senate was in session the prac-
tice had been for the President, when he desired
the removal of an officer, not to issue an order
of removal, but to nominate for confirmation
to the Senate a new officer to supersede the
one in office. The existing officer retained his
place until the Senate confirmed the appoint-
ment of a successor, which ipso facto term-
inated the right of the incumbent and gave it
to the new appointee. In no case had the
President ever asserted the right to remove an
officer holding by the advice and consent of the
Senate except in this mode, that is, with the
assent of the Senate. The President had, in-
deed, claimed that when the Constitution gave
him "power to fill up all vacancies that may
happen during the recess of the Senate" that
he might create the vacancy by a removal
"during such recess," but never when Con-
gress was in session. The very fact that the
Constitution had given the power to fill vacan-
cies "during the recess of the Senate" had
always been construed to mean that he might
not create or fill vacancies during the session
of the Senate without their consent. " Hx-
pressio unius exclusio alterius" is the maxim
of the law.
Even this limited power of removal or cre-
ating a vacancy during the recess of the Senate
was an innovation on the Constitution, which
limited appointments in the recess to vacancies
which might "happenand it was an unfor-
tunate day for the Republic when the " remo-
val" of an officer was regarded as presenting
the occasion when a vacancy was said to
" happen."
It made a vast army of officers dependent on
the President's will, and subverted that freedom
of thought essential to a republic. It inaugu-
rated the political heresy that "to the victors
belong the spoils of office."
It was contrary to the opinion of the framers
of the Constitution.
Hamilton declared that tho consent of the
Senate would—
"Bo necossary to displace as well a3 to appoint
'officers."—Federalist. No. 77.
But this has been so conclusively shown by
the unanswered and unanswerable argument
of my learned colleague on the Judiciary Com-
mittee, [Mr. Williams, of Pennsylvania,] in
his speech of December 5, 1806, in this House,
that I leave the question with that masterly
specimen of logic and eloquence.
But whatever views may have prevailed as
to the true interpretation of the Constitution,
in the absence of alt legislation it cannot be
doubted that Congress has power to regulate
by law the subject of appointments, and not
only so, a tenure or term of office may be pre-
scribed.
Congress has power to and did create the
Cabinet and other offices. The power to cre-
ate carries with it the power to prescribe a
term of office.
If, as claimed, the power of removal is an
incident of the power of appointment, a for-
tiori the power to prescribe a term of office is
incident to the power to create it. The power
to regulate appointments and to prescribe a
term falls within the authority of Congress
" to make all laws necessary and proper for
carrying into execution" the powers of the
Government. (2 Story on Const., 1637; Mar-
bury vs. Madison, 1 Cranch, 155; Cora, ex rel
vs. Bassier, 5 Serg. and Rawle, 457; ex rel
Heenan, 13 Peters, 230; United States vs.
Guthrie, 18 Howard.) This power has been
repeatedly exercised by Congress with the
sanction of Presidents Lincoln and Johnson.
The act of February 25, 1863, creates the
office of Comptroller of the Currency, and pro-
vides that—■
" He shall be appointed by tho President on the
nomination ofthe Secretary of the Treasury, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, and shall
hold his office for the term of Ave years, unless sooner
removed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate."
A similar provision is carried into the act
of June 3, 1864.
The act of July 13, 1866, says :
"And no officer in the militaiyor naval service
shall, in time of peace, bo dismissed from service,
except upon and in pursuance of the sentence of &
court-martial to that effector in commutation there-
for."—Section 5, Session I/uwii, 92.
This was approved by President'Johnson.
By the act of August 7, 1789, the power of
removal was conferred as to the Northwestern
Territory. (1 Stat. 53.)
The act of Congress of March 2, 1867, "reg-
ulating the tenure of certain civil offices,"
provides—
" Sec. 1. Thatevery person holding any civil office
to which he has beon appointed by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, and evory person who
shall hereafter by appointed to any such office ana
shall dulybocomo qualified to acfc therein, is, ana
shallbe entitled to hold such office until a successor
shall have been in like manner appointed and duly
qualified, except as herein otherwise provided: Pro-
vided, That tho Secretaries of State, ofthe Treasury,
of War, of tho Nary, and of the Interior, the Post-
master General, and the Attorney General, shall
hold their offices respectively for and duringfcheterm
of tho President by whom they may have been ap-
pointed, and for one month thereafter, subject to
removal by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate."
" Sec, 6. That every removal, appointment, or em-
ployment, made, had, or exercised contrary to the
provi&ions of this act, and the making, signing, seal-
ing, countersigning, or issuing of any commission or
letter of authority for or in respect to any such ap-
pointment or employment, shall be deemed, and are
hereby declared to be, high misdemeanors, and,
upon trial and conviction thereof, every person guilty
thereof shall be punished by a fine not exceeding
$10,000, or by imprisonmcntnot exceedingfive years,
or both said punishments, in the discretion of tho
court: Provided, Thatthe President shall have p<iwer
to make out and deliver, after the adjournment of the
Senate, commissions forall officers whose appoint-
ment shall have been advised and consented to hy
the Senate."
The validity of this act lias been recognized
by the President in hundreds of commissions
issued by him to officers to act for a term as
prescribed in the law, whereas the former
commissions were u during the pleasure ofthe
President/7 (Impeachment investigation of
1857, page 767.) The form of the commission
has been changed to correspond with the new
law. It has been recognized in cases of many
officers suspended under its provisions and by
submitting to the Senate the reasons therefor.
It was recognized when on the 12th August,
1807. the President by virtue of its provisions
suspended Edwin M. Stanton as Secretary of
the Department of War from the exercise of
his functions.
It was recognized when on the 12th day of
December, 18G7, the President sent into the
Senate his reasons for so suspending the Sec-
retary of War.
On the 13th day of January, 1868, the Sen-
ate refused to concur in such suspension, and
refused to consent to the removal of the Sec-
retary of War. The President and all Depart-
ments of the Government, with his approval,
treated the law as valid from that day to the
21st of February, 1868, by recognizing Mr.
Stanton as Secretary of War, without question
or cavil.
On the 21sfc February, the President recog-
nized the validity of the law and of the action
of the Senate, by addressing Mr. Stanton as
Secretary of War in the order for his removal.
What occurred after this we learn from the fol-
lowing official documents:
War Department,
Washixgtox City, iebruaru 21,18S8.
Sik*. General Thomas has Ju*t delivered to me a.
copy of tho mclnsf-d order.which you will pleaaecom-
mumeate to the IIou^o ot' Representatives.
E. M. STANIOX, Seertta-i-y of Wcfr,
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker Jlouec of Heprceovtatim*.
^ executive maxbton,
Washington, D. C., Ptbrvanr XS6S.
. Sir: By virtue of the power and authority rested
in me as President by the Constitution and laws of
the united btutes, you sire hereby removed from
omce as Secretary for the Department of War, and
yon*" functions assueli will terminate ay on tie reftuJpk
of this eommunieaiiou.
