j.868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fers of the South dominated over the nation
and northern doughfaces did their bidding with
alacrity and without question.
Experience has demonstrated the fact that
•executive blandish ment and patronage has been
used with marked success within the memory
of us all. Senators (end Representatives of all
parties have alike yielded to its seductive
power.
The men usually selected to do the bidding of
an Executive in defiance of the wishes of their
constituents are men elected from congressional
districts which never reelect their Representa-
tives, or reelect them but once. Such districts,
as a rule, send men to Congress who arc without
State or national reputations, and as a conse-
quence a large number of such men are always
ready in the name of party to do the bidding
of an unscrupulous Executive, and accept for
their services, when repudiated by their con-
stituents, a petty appointment, which men of
character, ability, and a political future would
spurn. So long as Representatives to Con-
gress are elected for but one, or at most for
but two terms, and because they reside in this
or that county of a district rather than because
of their fitness, ability, or fidelity to principles,
and so long as the President is clothed with
such vast appointing power, and he is per-
mitted to demand, as now, of his appointees,
an indorsement of " his policy," including his
policy for a reelection as a condition to their
appointment or continuance in office, so long
will constituencies be betrayed and political
adventurers be successful.
Practically, sir, the demand made, disguise
it as we may, of the great body of men who
are nominated to important positions by every
Executive ambitious for a reelection is, will
you pledge yourself to support "my policy?"
Dangerous and corrupting as the appointing
power has become in tne hands of our Presi-
dents, who are candidates for a reelection,
it is rendered still more dangerous by the
system which limits the choice of electors in
selecting their Representatives in Congress,
and compels the electors to select their public
servants within thelirnitsof thedistrictinwhich
they reside; whereas they should be permitted
to select them as they would select other
agents, from any locality in the nation. This
plan would tend to national unity and enable
any constituency desiring to do so to secure
men of the first order of ability to represent
them in the national Congress. Men would
then be selected for Congress because of their
fitness, ability, and national reputations, and
not, as is now too'often the case, because they
happen to reside in some county of a district
which perhaps never before had a resident
Representative. If there were no custom or
law limiting the right of electors in the selection
of their Representatives to Congress, they
would be selected in a few years as railroad
companies select their officers and business
managers ; as bankers select their.cashiers, and
as citizens select their agents or attorneys.
As it is, we have a system which is anti-dem-
ocratic and indefensible; a system at war with
the rights and privileges of freemen and
electors.
THE ROTATION SYSTEM—ITS STUPIDITY.
In a number of congressional districts per-
sonally known to me, the rotation system pre-
vails so rigidly that they never reelect a gen-
tleman to Congress, no matter how able or
faithful. Political aspirants with their per-
sonal friends come together in w-hat they are
pleased to call conventions, and negotiations
are deliberately entered into and a programme
agreed upon, which must remain undisturbed
for years and with which no national exigency
nor local want of the people must interfere.
In these convention conclaves the people are
without a voice or vote, and in the name of
party they are bound hand and foot. It is gen-
erally agreed that the nominee for the first
term, in such district, after a new apportion-
ment, shall be given to the county having the
most political influence, if their_ loeal poli-
ticians can agree, and thereafter, if there are
more than one county in the district, that the
candidate shall rotate until each county shall
in tgrn be served with a candidate. Experience
has demonstrated how indifferent a majority
of such Representatives are to the wishes and
wants of their constituents.
Of the practical inefficiency of such Repre-
sentatives I need not speak. It is not possible
for them to be otherwise than inefficient. Let
the constituencies who have so repeatedly
suffered under this stupid system, and been
humiliated, disgraced, and betrayed, apologize
to the nation for sending such men into her
council halls, by speedily changing a system
which is the nursery of the most insufferable
demagogues.
I have known men who ought never to have
been intrusted with official position anywhere,
and who probably never would have been but
for this system, change their residence from
one county to another for the express purpose
of securing a nomination to Congress, and suc-
ceed. Their anxiety to serve the dear people
would become so great that they would antici-
pate by removing into a county entitled under
their agreement to the candidate at the next
election.
Mr. Chairman, what is a congressional dis-
trict ? Legally and for the time being it is one
political community, as much as any county?
It is organized by law as an entirety for the
election of a Representative to Congress.
The system which provides for the rotation of
the member from one county to another every
two or four years was not adopted in the
interest of the people but in the interest of
politicians.
I know many constituencies will pardon me if
I suggest to such as are pledged by their party
leaders to the policy of electing a Representa-
tive from each county in a district, or a new and
inexperienced man every two or four years, that
they modify it so far, at least, as to select a
gentleman to represent them because of his
character, ability, and well-known fidelity to
principles which they regard as fundamental,
and that they require the candidate, as a con-
dition to his renomination, that he "board
round," when at home, in each county, after
the custom of our western schoolmasters in
early times, so that each county in such district
shall have secured to it, at least once every
year or two, a Representative in Congress who
shall thus become a resident of the county.
This would be a vast improvement on the plan
8#> long adhered to in the North, which plan
enabled the political adventurers who have so
often held the balance of power in all our great
national struggles to crawl into the national
Congress. As a class these were the men who,
at the bidding of the slave oligarchy, betrayed
the nation into the adoption of the Missouri
compromise of 1820; and again, when it was
repealed, whose votes enacted the so-called
compromises of 1850 into law, including the
infamous fugitive-slave act, the Ivansas-Ne-
braska acts of 1851, and the Lecompton con-
stitution of 1850 ; in short, the men who be-
trayed the nation in every great struggle
between liberty and slavery for the past half
century.
A large proportion of the men who thus be-
trayed their constituents, after being repudi-
ated at home, received petty appointments from
t-he President. This custom of compensating
the nation'sbetrayers, by their appointment to
office, has been sanctioned and sanctified by
long and successful usage, so that an act of
successful treachery against a confiding con-
stituency opens the door for promotion at the
presidential mansion. All can understand
that so corrupt and corrupting a custom could
only be maintained by having reckless dema-
gogues and small men without character rotated
in and out of Congress as fast as possible. The
South favored the "rotation principle" fortlie
North, but were too wise and wily to adopt it
themselves. The result was that with the im-
mense patronage of the Government in the
hands of a President controlled by the slave
power liberty was always betrayed.
•> Had I time I might here present some in-
teresting and instructive facts, showing how
few men the North maintained in Congress
beyond a single term, or beyond four years in
the House for twenty-five years before the was,
and how the South continued her Represent-
atives until her men of ordinary abilities be-
came so familiar with the public business of
the country that they came to be leaders in
Congress, and by a careful organization of the
committees, controlled the legislation of the
nation.
When I came into the Thirty-Sixth Congress
the two Senators from Florida—a political
community without the voting population of
the congressional district which I have the
honor to represent—were each at the head of
an important committee ; one at the head of
the Navy, the other of the Post Office; and
this was a fair sample of the manner in which
committees were organized both in the Sen-
ate and House for many years before the war.
The whole State of Florida did not have as
many letters go through its post offices in a
year as go through one city in my district in a
single week; nor did its entire commercial in-
terests reach in one year an amount equal in
value to the commerce of Toledo every ten
days; and yet these two men shaped, and in a
great measure controlled, the postal and naval
legislation of the country. Thus the repre-
sentatives of a class interest, numbering but a
few hundred thousand slave owners, the most
offensive and infamous oligarchy in history, by
the political machinery of conventions took
Sossession of the Government in the name of
'emocracy and filled its most honorable and
responsible offices from their own number. I
am glad to be able to state that thousands of
good men all over the country are beginning to
see and feel the necessity of a radical change
in this matter. Of the many letters which I
have received, and seen when received by
others, none is more to the point than one
sh'own me a few moments ago by my colleague,
[Mr. Lawrexce,] an extract from which 1 will
read. He says to my colleague:
"Go on. You have bor.no the heat and burden of
the day. "We do not want to trado horses while
crossing the stream.'
" We like your bold, inanly course, and have learned
to appreciate it the more since we see so many goinff
over to the enemy. We want to make the example
that it pays better to remain with our colors than to
sell out and desert."
DANGEROUS POWER OF THE PRESIDENT IN CONTRQLI/-
IXG CONGRESSIONAL NOMINATIONS AND ELECTIONS.
At least one third of all the congressional
districts in the nation may safely be classed,
in ordinary party times^ as politically doubt-
ful. Such districts are organized by the dom-
inant party in every State Legislature for the
purpose of securing, if possible, to their party.,
every Representative m Congress from the
State.
A majority of all doubtful or elbse districts
have what is known as a balance-of-power fac-
tion in each party, composed for the most part
of dissatisfied and disappointed men, with polit-
ical adventurers for leaders, who are always
plotting for office, especially for congressional
nominations, on the principle of "rotation,"
and "that this or that man has had it long
enough; and that it is their turn now." If they
cannot secure a nomination from one party
they do not hesitate to ask a nomination from
the opposite party. If they cannot secure a
nomination from either party they do not hes-
itate to " bolt," or to enter into any coalition
which promises to secure defeat to any man
who stands in their way. In short, they will
do any act which they believe will compel one
or both parties to a compromise in the selec-
tion of its candidates, under the threat of de-
feat if compliance with their demands is re-
fused. These demands are usually tho petty
offices at the disposal of the Representative
from the district and a bargain as to which
faction and county in the district shall have
the congressional candidate for the next term.
In this way, with the aid of the plausible cry,
"rotation in office," political apostates and
