1368.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
DEFAULT OF STATES IN PAYING INTEREST.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 94, reported by me some time
since from the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 94) directing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, whenever any State shall
have been or may be in default for the pay-
ment of interest or principal on investments
in its stocks or bonds held by the United States
in trust, to retain moneys due to such State
from the United States, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides, whenever any State shall
have been or may be in default of the pay-
ment of interest or principal on investments
in its stocks or bonds held by the United
States in trust, it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury to retain the whole,
or so much as may be necessary, of any mon-
eys due on any account from the United States
to such State, and to apply the same to the
payment of the principal and interest, or
either, or to the reimbursement of any sum
of money advanced by the United States on
account of such interest.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the further
consideration of the joint resolution be post-
poned until to-morrow. I was not aware that
it was coming up to-day, and I have not had
time to examine it.
Mr. M0RGAN. I am ready to make a
statement in relation to the joint resolution
if the Senate is willing to hear it. By the law
passed 
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. IstheSen-
ator speaking to the motion of the Senator from
Indiana?
Mr. MORGAN. I did not hear the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is to postpone the resolution until to-morrow.
Mr. MORGAN. I hope the resolution will
not be postponed. I can make a statement in
relation to it which, perhaps, will be satisfactory
to the Senator from Indiana. By a law passed
in 1841, being an act to appropriate the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands and to
grant preemption rights, ten per cent, on the
net proceeds of the sales of the public lands
sold within the limits of certain States is to be
paid to the States named. By a joint resolu-
tion approved March 3, 1845, it is provided—
"Thatwhenever any State shall have been or may
be in default for the payment of interest or princi-
pal on investments in its stocks or bonds held by the
United States in trust it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to return the whole, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, of the percentage
to which such State may be entitled of the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands within its limits, and
apply the same to the payment of said interest or
principal, or to the reimbursement of any sums of
money expended by the United Sta.tes for that pur-
pose."
There is a largo amount of overdue State
bonds which the United States hold in trust
for certain Indian tribes upon which the inter-
est is not paid by the State?, but is advanced
by the Treasury. The existing joint resolu-
tion which I have read gives power to retain
a certain amount of the percentage due a
State under the act of 1841. The resolution
now under consideration gives full legislative
direction to the Secretary of the Treasury to
withhold any money due to a defaulting State
on any account for the purpose of reimbursing
the Treasury for the advances made. This
resolution was drawn at the Department of the
Interior, sent here, and received the unani-
mous approval of the Committee on Finance.
I think there can be no objection to it.
Mr. MORTON. I will say to the Senator
from New York that I think there is a question
involved in it which I should like to have an
opportunity of investigating before the joint
resolution passes. It I find that that is not so
I shall withdraw any objection or opposition
on my part to th© passage of-the resolution.
I simply ask that it be laid over until 1 have
an opportunity for investigation.
Mr. MORGAN. Under those circumstances
I will not object to a postponement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution will be postponed until to-morrow,
no objection being made.
PAYMASTERS' ACCOUNTS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 376) to facilitate the settlement of
paymasters' accounts.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to authorize the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury, in
the settlement of accounts of paymasters of
the Army, to allow, subject.to the approval of
the Secretary of War, such credits for losses
of property and funds and for over-payments
made in good faith on public account since the
commencement of the rebellion asshallappear
to them, by such vouchers and testimony as
they shall require, to have been occasioned by
accidental circumstances, or a condition of
things over which those officers had no control
and for which they are not justly responsible.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to hear that
bill read again, and some explanation made in
reference to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The "bill
will be read.
The Secretary road the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Is immediate
action asked on that bill ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is under
consideration now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Has it been
considered by any committee?
Mr. WILSON. I may say in regard to this
bill that such a measure was recommended by
the Paymaster General and the Secretary of
War two years ago, and a bill, according to
their recommendation, was passed by the House
of Representatives in 1866, and another one,
I think, in 18G7. 'The Committee on Military
Affairs of the Senate have defeated any action
on the subject until this time for the purpose
of having every effort made that could be made
to settle with these paymasters and obtain all
that could be obtained from them. Since the
war closed very many accounts have been pre-
sented, and the Paymaster General and the
Secretary of War earnestly recommend that
those accounts should be settled. Nothing
more can be done in the premises until some
act of Congress is passed. I will say that the
amount involved is very small. The various
accounts are individually generally trivial af-
fairs, and most of them oceifrrcd by reason of
the faults of our own legislation in the manner
of changing the pay.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senator that
his bill is prospective as well as retrospective.
As I understand it, it applies to any defalca-
tions that may occur in the future.
Mr. WILSON. It applies only to matters
growing out of the war. The pay department
paid out more than one thousand million dol-
lars during the war, and the Paymaster Gen-
eral stated to me that the total loss to the
Government would be less than three hundred
thousand dollars—the most wonderful thing in
the history of the world. In the war of 1812
about two million dollars were lost to the Gov-
ernment through the paymasters and through
the mode of paying the Army, and in the war
with Mexico many hundreds of thousands of
dollars were lost. Owing to the perfect or-
ganization of the pay department of our Army
during the war of the rebellion, in paying out
more than one thousand million dollars the
Government will probably not lose more than
a quarter of a million. The sums for which the
paymasters ask credit are in little driblets of a
few cents to this soldier or that overpaid.
Many of these paymaster's accounts remaining
unsettled are for but a few hundred dollars
wliere the money was honestly paid out, and
it ought to be allowed to them. Some of the
paymasters are dead, and died supposing their
accounts were settled, but on casting them up
in the Department they find thatthe paymaster
overpaid this man a few cents and that man a
few cents. The total amount will, I under-
stand, not exceed in the aggregate two hun-
dred and fifty or three hundred thousand dol-
lars in the immense sums paid out during the
war—being over one thousand millions. The
other House passed a bill like this, not so care-
fully drawn as we think this is, in 1866, and I
think another was passed in 1867. We have
held back those bills and defeated them until
we think everything has been done that can be
done in the Departments to settle these ac-
counts, so as to secure the Government to the
fullest extent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am sure
that this bill goes much further than the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts supposes, and that it
will relieve not only his committee, but the
Committee on Finance and the Committee on
Claims of a vast amount of labor. I know of
several cases that are before the Committee on
Claims where losses to the extent of $60,000
have been incurred by some paymasters, and
where the committee have reached the conclu-
sion that it was through grave neglect on their
part. If this bill should pass it would author-
ize the Department of War to settle these
claims on their own estimate of what is proper.
Certainly this bill is one that deserves mature
consideration ; and while it may be proper that
some relief should be given, it would be dan-
gerous, in my judgment, to go so far as the
Senator from Massachusetts proposes. I move
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Before that motion is put,
and in connection with what has been said by
the Senator from Massachusetts, I desire, for
the information of the Senate, to state that
quartermasters and commissaries are relieved
from loss by the act of May '28, 1866, very
much in the same terms that this proposed act
is in reference to paymasters. Company offi-
cers are relieved by the act of February 17,
1863, in very similar language; so that the
paymasters are the only Army officers under
the Government who are held to the technical
compliance and strict performance of the duty
intrusted them, to their great detriment.
Mr. CONKLING. I would inquire of the
Senator from Rhode Island il he has looked
at those acts, whether any of them makes the
accounting officers of the Treasury the judges
of what rules of evidence shall be established.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have not examined that
point, but as the information as to those acts
couies from the Department I take it their
version of them is correct.
Mr. CONKLING. The point which I have
just suggested is one of the things which strike
me on looking at this bill. All courts and all
boards which act upon evidence, as a general
proposition, are subject to certain rules pre-
scribing (he kind and degree of evidence which
is to be received and treated as satisfactory.
Here is a proposition, if I understand it, to sub-
mit to the accounting officers not only the
whole discretion of allowing or disallowing, but
to submit to them the discretion of specifying
and establishing for themselves what kind of
evidence and how much evidence will be satis-
factory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that 1 believe it is the custom in regard to
all the Departments for the accounting officers
to establish the rules and state what evidence
they require unless they are controlled by stat-
ute. A statute sometimes requires that they
shall take such and such kinds of evidence as
proof. Where that is not required by statute
my impression is that they specify themselves
what evidence they require.
Mr. CONKLING. I inquire of the Senator
from Maine whether he has looked at the
language of this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not examined
it; I am merely answering the general ques-
tion of the Senator. '
Mr. CONKLING. I will read to the Sena-
