2720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May Ml>,
adventurers and men without character, abil-
ity, or principle have so often in our history
crept into the council halls of the nation and
misrepresented and betrayed the people.
In such districts as I have described the
question too often asked by the best men of
both parties is not who is the most reliable
and competent man to represent us iri Con-
gress, but ''who can the most certainly de-
feat the candidate of the Opposition." To
accomplish this men who never were Repub-
licans have been selected as candidates and
voted for by Republicans since the organ-
ization of that great party, and sometimes
apostates, or men but recently members of the
opposite party, have been nominated by Repub-
lican conventions, as in the case of Andrew
Johnson, not because they ever advocated or
honestly entertained Republican ideas, but be-
cause political tricksters and schemers prom-
ised their support, and induced the party to
believe that success could thus be secured at
the election by the nomination of such candi-
dates, and that defeat would be inevitable
without it. As a rule the men thus nominated
arc but political adventurers, thrown to the
surface like drift-wood in a flood, and, though
they soon sink with their own rottenness, while
they are in power they corrupt and debase the
nation.
The insane desire for mere party success
rather than the triumph of ideas in the elec-
tion of honorable and responsible men of un-
questioned fidelity has invited and encouraged,
in almost every congressional district in which
the party majority is uncertain, a score or more
of "bolters," apostates, and political trim-
mers to thrust themselves upon both the great
political parties as candidates for nomination
to Congress. As a class these are the men who
in the past thirty or forty years have so often
betrayed constituencies at the bidding of an
unscrupulous, ambitious Executive, and re-
ceived their reward in some petty office.
When a Stateor congressional district accepts
as its Representative a drunkard or a man with-
out moral character and destitute of political
principles it treads the path which leads the
nation ou the highway to ruin. Far better that
a party be defeated than that it should elcct a
man morally base enough to betray it. Far
better defeat with men of character represent-
ing its ideas than success with men who repre-
sent neither moral nor political convictions.
That a system so vicious and corrupting
should so long have continued in any State or
locality, even under the despotism of party
conventions, is one of the inexplicable mys-
teries of American politics.
To the fact that the rotation system was in a
measure abolished by the Republican party,
and faithful and experienced men retained in
Congress from a large number of northern
States during the war and since, does the na-
tion owe in great part the successful legislation
which carried it triumphantly through the war
and prepared it the better to resist the usurpa-
tions and defeat in part the conspiracies of the
acting President and his co-conspirators and
allies. With new, untried, and inexperienced
men every two or four years such a result would
have been impossible.
So long as the system which I have described
of nominating and electing Representatives to
Congress is adhered to—and I concede that the
district system is infinitely better than the gen-
eral ticket system plan which at one time pre-
vailed in a number of States, where the entire
congressional delegation from a State was
elected on one ticket—I say that so long as the
system now prevailing of selecting Represent-
atives to Congress continues and the vast pat-
ronage of the Government remains, as now, in
the hands of the Executive, so long will a new
set of unknown and unfaithful men be found
m Congress to do the bidding of any Executive
of their party who is unscrupulous enough to
employ the Government patronage for that
purpose.
Had Mr. Lincoln desired the defeat of the
radical Republican candidates for Congress in
1862 he could have secured it in a majority
of congressional districts in the nation. Had
Mr. Johnson been a man of character and abil-
ity he could in 1806, by ordinary management
and a judicious use of the public patronage,
have secured in close districts the defeat of all
Republicans opposed to" hispolicy." Through
his thirty or forty thousand appointees and his
newspaper organs professing Republicanism,
and such Republicans as he then had in Con-
gress cooperating with him, he could have said,
in a way not to be misunderstood, that such a
result would be agreeable to him, and that a
large number of leading Republicans, in Con-
gress and out of it, concurred with him in be-
lieving that the defeat of all radicals was ne-
cessary to the complete success of the Repub-
lican party. And there were a number of pro-
fessed Republicans then in Congress stupid
enough or base enough to listen to such stuff
and to say that the President's purposes were
"to fight out his differences with the radicals
in the Republican party;" that "in no event
would he go over to the enemy." Fortunately
for the nation, Mr. Johnson's open apostacy
and base betrayal of the great party which
elected him ; his offensive and disgusting exhi-
bition of himself throughout the country, and
the want of character in his so-called Repub-
lican adherents was all that saved us from
division and defeat at the elections in 1866
and since.
Mr. Chairman, there are but few congres-
sional districts in which any President of char-
acter and good standing with his party may
not, by a free use of the vast patronage in his
hands, defeat, either for nomination or elec-
tion, any candidate of his party for Congress
who is obnoxious to him. That such vast
power ought not to be lodged 111 the hands of
any President will be conceded by all true
friends of Democratic Government.
As the nation grows in population and wealth
this vast, uncontrolled, and uncontrollable
power increases and becomes more dangerous.
Its corrupting influence reaches out and subsi-
dizes men in every county of the Republic.
Sir, 011 behalf of all who cherish the Demo-
cratic idea I plead for the submission, by this
Congress, of such an amendment to the Con-
stitution as shall, when adopted, give security
against the corruption and the danger which is
inseparable from the selfish use of the vast ap-
pointing power in the hands of any President
desirous of a reelection.
Before the rebellion such Representatives*
Congress as I have described were always suffi-
ciently numerous to prevent, by uniting with
the Opposition, the passage of any important
measure obnoxious to the President if he exer-
cised the veto power. Hence we see that a
President of character and ability may, with the
vast patronage at his disposal and a liberal use
of the veto, defy, in ordinary party times, both
Congress and the nation for his entire term.
the remedy op impeachment but "a scare-crow."
As to the impeachment and removal of a Pres-
ident, that will probably never be attempted
again. The late melancholy failure or refusal
of the so-called high court to convict and
depose an admitted usurper and violator of
law, who was without a party and powerless to
resist any order of that tribunal, has practi-
cally settled that question for all time to come.
The nation must seek some other protection
from the usurpations of its Executives than the
high court of impeachment. Jefferson said
that the clause of the Constitution providing
for the impeachment of the President would
prove but " a scare-crow." To-day we all
know that it is a dead letter.
We have all witnessed the resort which was
had by artful men to technical subterfuges and
legal sophistries in order to release the Presi-
dent from all accountability to the Ration.
If Jefferson at the time of the adoption of
the Constitution could foresee and declare that
"impeachmentwou'.d pfove buta scare-crow
we who have witnessed its practical workings
may, I think, without incurring the charge of
rashness, proclaim it "a national farce."
In the light of what has so recently tra'ns 
pired I am more profoundly impressed than
ever with the great wisdom and prophetic fore-
sight of the real statesmen of the Revolution.
They comprehended the danger of executive
power and the impossibility of successful im-
peachment before the Senate.
In the Virginia convention Mr. George
Mason, in speaking of this defect in the
national Constitution, said:
" It has been wittily observed that the Constitution
has married the President and Senate—has made
them man and wife. 1 believe the consequence that
generally results from marriage will happen here.
They will be eontinuallysupporting and aiding each
other. They will always consider their interests as
united. wr know the advantage the few have
over the many. They can with facility act in concert
and on a uniform system; they may join schemes and
plot against the people without any chance of detection.
The Scnutc and President loillform a combination that
cannot be prevented by the Representatives. The exec-
utive and legislative powers thus connected will
destroy unbalances. This would have been prevented
by a constitutional council to aid the President m the
discharge of his officc; vesting the Senate at the same
time with the power of impeaching them. Then we
should have real responsibility. In its present form
the guilty try themselves. The President is tried by his
counselors. He is not removed from office during his
trial. When he is arraigned for treason he laas tho
command of the Army and Navy, and may surround
the Senate with thirty thousand troops." * *
* * "He may frequently pardon crimes which
wereadvisedbyhimself. It may happen at some future
day that he will establish a monarchy or destroythe Re-
public. If he has the power of granting pardons before
indictment and conviction, may he not stop inquiry and
prevent detection V'
Mr. Madison answered Mr. Mason as fol-
lows :
"There is one security in this case to which gen-
tlemen may not have adverted. If the President bo
connected in any suspicious manner with any per-
sons, and there be grounds to believe he will shelter
himself, the House of Representatives can impeach
him. They can remove hira if found guilty; they can
suspend him when suspected, and the power will devolve
upon the Vice President, Should he be suspected also,
he may likewise be suspended till he be impeached and
removed, and the Legislature may make a temporary
appointment. This is a great security."
1 do not forget that Mr. Madison, after be-
coming President, yielded to influences which
have controlled other men after obtaining
power, and that he denied the authority of
Congress to suspend the President during trial.
I prefer the opinion of Madison, when speaking
in the Virginia convention, to the opinion of
Madison after he became President. Mr. Mon-
roe, who afterward became President, declared
that the power conceded to the Executive
under the Constitution was dangerous to the
liberties of the people. He said:
"The President ought to act under the strongest
impulses of reward and punishment, which are the
strongest incentives to human action. There are two
ways of securing this point. He ought to depend on
the people of America for his appointment and continu-
ance in office. He onsfht to he tried by dispassionate
judges. His responsibility ought, further, to be direct
andimmediate< "To whom is he
responsible? To the Senate, his own council. If he
makes a treaty bartering the interests of his country,
by whom is he to be tiied? By the very persons
who advised him to perpetrate the act. Is this any
security
Mr. Grayson, another distinguished member
of the same convention, during the debates
from which I have just quoted, said:
"Consider the means of importance he (the Presi-
dent) will have by appointing officers. If he ims a
good understanding with the Senate they will join to
prevent a discovery of his misdeeds.'' < * *
As thin Government is organized it would be danger-
ous to trwit the President with such powers. How will
you punish him. if he abu^e Iris power? Will you
call him before the Senate ? They at e his counselors
and partners in crimes. Wiieiv nre your chocks?
We ought to be extremely cautious in this couutiy.
Ij ever the Government be changed it will probably be
into a despotism,"
Has notour recent experience justified all
that was said by the considerate statesmen from
whom I have quoted, of the danger of execu-
tive power and the impossibility of redress by
impeachment and trial before the Senate.
These brief speeches are so conclusive, when
coupled with events which have just transpired,
that I do not hesitate to declare the remedy
by impeachment for executive crimes and mis-
demeanors l''a national farce/7 From ail that
has transpired am I not justified in so proclaim-
ing ? What are the facts ?
The great criminal of the nineteenth century
