m
m oommmomv mam
December 20,
man from Indiana [Mr. Julian] if he does
not think it would be better to wait until the
free (Ira cn of Louisiana are represented in Con-
gress before we act upon this question.
Mr. JULIAN. That is so very sage a ques-
tion that I decline the attempt to answer it.
The question was on the motion to postpone.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Upon that question I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 16,
not voting 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Anderson, Archer,
Arnell, Dolus R. Ashley, James 51. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, lienjamin, Bingham, Boyer, Butler, Cary,
Cobb, Coburn, Covodo.Culloui, Dawes. Dixon, Driggs,
Eggleftoi],Farnsworth,Feri;LSs,Getz, (Jolladay, Haw-
kins, Hi^by, Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel VF. Ilubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, luffersoll. Johnson, J ones, Judd,
Julian, Ketcham, Ueorge V. Lawrcnco, William
Lawrence, Loan, Lo::an, Louchridgo, Lynch, al-
io rv, Maynard, McClnrg, McOrmiek, Mereur,
Moore, ^loorhead.Morrell,Myers, JSicholson,O'Neill,
Paine, Peters, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Price, Ran-
dall, Robertson, Koss Schenck, Smith, Spalding,
Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Taber, Thomas. Trimble,
Burt Van Horn, Robert X. Van Horn, Ward. Cadw l>-
ader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, William Williams,
John T.Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, and Windom—S3.
NAYS—Messrs. Axtcll, Barnes, Beck, Chanler,
EUlridge, Fox, Grover, Holman, Kerr, Knott, Mar-
shall, McCullough, Mungcn,Nlblack, Robinson, and
Thomas Williams—18.
SOT .V 0X1 Ml—Messrs. Ames, Bailey, Banks, Bar-
iram, Bcaman, Benton, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell,
Bromwell, Brooks, Broomall, Buckland, Burr, Cake.
Churchill, Reader AV. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook,
Cornell, Dodge, Donnelly, Eekley, Ela, Eliot, Ferry,
Fields, Finney, Garfield, Glossbrenper, Gravely,
Griswold, Haight, Halsey, Hamilton, Harding, Hill,
Hotchkiss, Richard D. Hubbard, Ilnlbnrd, Hum-
phrey, Huoter, Jenekes, Kellcy, Kelsey, Kitchen,
Koontz, Laflin, Lincoln, Marvin, McCarthy, Miller,
Morgan, Morrissey, Mullins, Newcomb, Xiiim. Orth,
Perliam, Phelps, Pike, Pile, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Raum,
Sawyer, Scoiield, Selye, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sit-
greaves, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart,
Stone, Taffe, Taylor, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson,
Van Aernam, Van Anken, Van Trump, Van Wyek,
Welker, James F. Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge, and
W oodward—89.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. CHANLER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the postponement was agreed to 5
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION CONTEST NEW MEXICO.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I have been instructed by the Commit-
tee of Elections to report a resolution asking
for an extension of time for the taking of testi-
mony in the contested-election case from New
Mexico. I have a communication from the
contestant, Mr. Chaves, to the committee, show-
ing the reasons why it is necessary to have
more time. Ordinarily the sixty days provided
by the statute is enough for the taking of testi-
mony, but under the peculiar circumstances
of the case, and under the peculiar circum-
stances of the Territory of New Mexico, it
seems proper, so far as all the members of the
committee are concerned who are present, I
believe, that this extension should be granted;
and I therefore report the resolution I have
referred to.
As I do not want the resolution to go upon
the records with no sufficient reason appearing,
as if this House were disposed to treat as of
no binding force the law prescribing the limita-
tion of sixty days, I will call the attention of
the House to the following letter of Mr. Chaves
on this Subject:
' Washington, D. C., Decetnber 20,1867.
Sijt: As tha sixty days allowed by law for the tak-
ing of testimony in contested-election cases in the
House of Representatives will expire in the ease of J.
Francisco Chaves to. Charles P. Clever, from the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, on the 27th of December, 1867,
I respectfully ask an extension of the time for the
continuance of my testimony as provided for by law
In the discretion of the House, and therefore ask of
•>ou the introduction of a resolution to that cffect
to-day, so that we may proceed with the taking of
testimony during the recess.
Very respectfMIy, your obedient servant,
J. FRANCISCO CHAVES.
P. S. It is proper to state in this connection as a rea-
son for my making thi3 roquest the large extent of
the territory and the difficulty of being able to con-
cluaa the taking all the testimony in the case iu the
allotted time allowed by laW. ft'winfc to the Want of
the improved traveling facilitiesi
Very respectfully. ^ pRANCISCQ CIUVES.
Mr. CHANLER. As iu other cases coming
before the Committee ofElections, the evidence
has been closed in the absence of testimony
which would have been forthcoming had an
extension of time been granted I must object
to adopting in this case a rule which does not
apply generally to all cases.
Mr. DAWE8. I will state in reply to my
colleague on the committee [Mr. Chanler]
that the case to which I understand him toallude
is one of the cases in which the House ex-
tended the time for taking testimony from July
till December, and that, too, without putting
upon the record any reasons for the extension.
L nless I am mistaken—and if I am my col-
league on the committee, the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. McClubg,] will correct me—
the case of Burch vs. Van Horn was one of
those in which' there was an extension of time
from July till December. I regretted that ia
all those Missouri cases the time for taking
testimony was extended without putting on rec-
ord a single reason for such action; so that any-
body having any such case might infer that he
could have, under any circumstances, as much
time as he might desire. But the case to which
the gentleman refers has been heard and re-
portedupon, nobody asking for a further exten-
sion of time; and I do not see why an exten-
sion should be granted with nobody asking for
it. In every case which may come before us
I am willing and desirous that the parties should
have all reasonable time which may be neces-
sary, with proper industry, for taking the testi-
mony ; but I submit it is very unusual to make
an extension of time when no such thiag is
asked by the parties interested.
Mr. Speaker, I am directed by the Commit-
tee of Elections to report the following resolu-
tion :
Retained, That  the contested-election case of J.
Francisco Chaves vs. Charles P. Clever the time for
each party to take testimony be extended sixty days,
conforming in all things eWe to existing law.
On the adoption of this resolution 1 call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now re-
new my proposition that the Senate amend-
ments to the deficiency bill be taken up for
action in the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that these amend-
ments, when taken up, will be considered in
the Committee of .the W hole. That is the usual
coarse with these appropriation bills.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, then,
if the gentleman objects to considering the
amendments in the House as in the Committee
of the Whole, subject to all the rules prevail-
ing in the Committee of the Whole, I shall
move to take up the bill and refer it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and then ask the House to go into the
Committee of the Whole to consider it. Time
will be saved and no interest will be prejudiced
by considering the amendments in the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will sa^ to the gentle-
man that the amendments which have come
to us from the Senate affect very materially
the organic arrangements of the House ; and
as the last call of the roll shows that but a
bare quorum is present, and as it is manifest
that a large number of members have left tlw
city with no expectation that business of this
character, affecting fundamentally the organi-
zation of the House Would come up in their
absence, I shall oppose considering the bill
at all at this time ; and I hope that now the
House will adjourn.
My. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
demand the regular order. If the gentleman
wants to cut off those meritorious employes
who are waiting for their pay I have nothing
to say.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER Btated that the regular
order of business was the call of committees for
reports of a private nature, the morning hour
having commenced.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask to make a report on •
a public matter from the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
INDIANS.
! Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on Pub-
| lie Lands, moved that the committee be dis-
• charged from the further consideration of a
memorial of the Society of Friends in regard
; to the Indians, ahd that it be referred to the
| Committee on Indian Affairs.
j The motion was agreed to.
| ISSUE OF LAND WARRANT.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back House bill No. 41,
to authorize the issue of a patent for land war-
rant No. 48,318 for one hundred and sixty
acres, act of 1847, and moved that it be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
I the Committee of Claims, reported back the peti-
1 tion to Congress of citizens of Michigan for the
relief of soldiers who, having lost a leg in the
j service, have been obliged to obtain an artifi-
1 cial leg at their own expense, and moved that
j it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, which has the subject under consid-
eration.
The motion was agreed to.
ISAAC LEONARD.
■ Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee oh Revolutionary Pensions,
&c., made an adverse report pft the petition
of Isaac Leonard for an increase of pension ;
which was laid on the table.
ALEXANDER )I. PEERS.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back the petition
of Alexander M. Peers for pension, and moved
that it be referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Marie and apollonia ir assenmtble.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported adversely upon
House bill No. 235,* for the relief of Marie
and Apollonia Hassenduble, of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, and moved that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
clerk to committee.
Mr. HIGBY, from the Committee on Mines
and Mining, reported the following resolution:
Retohed, Th«t the two committees—one the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining andtha other the Com-
mittee on the Pacifio Railroad—be allowed oneclerk
to do the clerical work of both committees during the
sessions of the Fortieth Congress, at the rate of four
dollars per day.
Mr. ROSS. I hope that it will be referred
to the Committee on Retrenchment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is notthis
a call for reports of a private nature?
The SPEAKER. This is a report of a pri-
vate nature.
Mr. HIGBY. I was instructed by the Com-
mittee On Mines and Mining to report this res-
olution to the House and to ask for its passage.
I will state that this Committee on Mines and
Mining was created at the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, and it asked for a clerk, which was finally
granted. But there was considerable difficulty
in obtaining a olerk for that committee. The
