196
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February- 24,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Golladay.
40th Cong....2p Sess.
of State, or of thoSeoretary of UioI)o;'artuK;fi*.of\V;u',
or of any officcr of cither of fcho said Departments,
whose appQintraentisnotiu the head thereof, whereby
they cannot perform the duties oi their said respect-
ive-offices; it shall be lawful for the President of the
United Stated in case he shall thiiffe it-necessary; to
authorise n,tiy person orpersons, aithis discretiouvto-
perform the d*iti,es of the said respective offices until
asuceessor'bo appointed or such vaeaney be.filied:'
/VonKfcd, That no one vacancy Shall be supplied in
manner aforesaid foralonaertermthqneixmontlts."—
Act February 13,1795; United States Statutes, 415.
"Sec. 1. That in case of the doath, resit/nation, or
absgncq from the seat of Government, or sickness, o t
the head of any executive Dopartment of the Gov-
ernments or of any officer of either of the said Depart-
ments whose appointment is not in the head thetoof,
whoreby they cannot perform the duties of their
respective offices, it shall bo lawful for tho President
of the United States; in casohe shall think it neces-
sary, to authorize-the-head of any other executive
Department, or other,officer in either of said Depart-
ments whose appointment is vested in the President,
at Ma discretion, to' perform the duties of the said
respective offices until a successor bo appointed, or
until' such absence or inability by sickness shall
cease: Provided, That no one vacancy shall bo sup-
plied in manner aforesaid for a longer torm than six
months."
"Sec. 2. That all acts or parts of acts inconsistent
with tho provisions of this act are lierebyrepcaled."
—12 Seps. Laws, tr-G; Bee vol. 43 Globe, Part 1,
1860—1801, page 304; Ben. Jour, of 1860,1861, 2d Sess.
36th Gong., page 101, January 10, 18t>l; Message of
President Buchanan, January 15,1861.
The first of these acts confers no poice,r of
removal, but leaves it subject to the Constitution
or laws thereafter enacted: The Constitution
denies the power of removal during a session
of the Senate without their consent, and the
tenure-of office law applies the same rule to
vacations of the Senate,
There is no "death," "absence," of "sick-
ness" to make a case.for an ad interim ap-
pointment under the act of 1792.
No case of "vacancy" is presented under
the act of 1795, "whereby they cannot perform
the duties of their said respective offices."
. There is no "death," "resignation," or "ab-
sence" to make a case under the act of 1863.
.It is unnecessary therefore to inquire how
far these laws remain in force.
The power of suspension independently of
the tenure-of-office law is one never exercised
and is now unauthorized except as prescribed
in that statute. In any event the President is
guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors.
His crime in the removal of the Secretary of
War is magnified by the great principle that
underlies it.
It is still more magnified by the manifest
purpose to make the military power of the na-
tion subservient to his will.
To accomplish this Sheridan and Sickles
have been relieved of commands, and the Pres-
ident has successively tendered tho brevet rank
of General to Sherman and George H. Thomas.
But .they spurned- the effort to win them over
to the purposes of a corrupt President and re-
jected his bribes.
The unwavering loyalty and firmness of
Stanton, the -fidelity of the Army and all its
officers, with scarcely more than an exception
or two, have saved the nation from some of
the .meditated crimes of the President, and it
only-now remains for this House to arraign
him before the bar of the Senate. The judicial
power of impeachments is higher than Presi-
dents or courts, and is competent to revise all
their decisions and settle forever the funda-
mental principles of government. The Senate
is the sole judge of impeachable crimes, and
from its decision there is no appeal. It is the
highest court of the nation, and when Presi-
dents and. judges seek to overturn the Consti-
tution its ample jurisdiction may be invoked
for the national safety and the public good.
During this debate the question has been to
some extent discussed whether the President is
liable to arrest, imprisonment, or suspension
from office during a trial.
The facts upon which he is now changed are
so brief as to require no material delay, and no
necessity can arise for arrest, imprisonment, or
suspension. Under the power to "make all
i necessary and proper," Congress may un-
doubtedly declare that the effect of preferring
articles shall be to ./suspend the' functions of
the aepnsed officer, and provide for arrest and
imprisonment. .But without this the Senate,
a necessary incident of the power tp try the
accused, may arrest and imprison.
The English practice sanctions this.. It is
said by May,.in his treatise on the Lw( Priv-
ileges, &c., of Parliament:
*' If the accused beapeer.he isattaohed or retained
in custody by order of tho House of Lords; if a com-
moner, he is taken into custody by the seigeant-at-
arrns attending the Commons, by whom ho is deliv-
ered to the gentleman-usher of the black rod, in
whose custody he remains, unless ho bo admitted to
bail by the House of Lords, or otheivvisc disposed of
by their order.5'—Chapter 23.
Wooddeson says it was customary for the
Commons to request of the Lords that the per-
son impeached—■
"Hay be sequestered from his seat in Parliament,
or bo committed, or that the peers will take order
for his appearance, according as the degree of the
imputation justifies inoio or less severity."
The Commons demanded that Clarendon bo
sequestered from Parliament and committed,
(t) Howell's State Trials, 8U0 ; HITowell, 783.)
Lord Strafford was sequestered in 1041. (2
Nahon's Collections, 7.)
The Senate of the United States has asserted
the same power.
In the matter of the impeachment of Blount
it was ordered as follows, July 7, 1797 :
4k That the said William JJlount be taken into the
custody of tho incS"«engerof thin House until lie shall
enter into reco?mzahco himself in the sum of $20,-
000, with two sufficient sureties in tho suin of $15,000
each, to appear ami answer suohartielea of impeach-
ment as may bo exhibited against him."
On the 18th of June, 1788, in the Virginia
convention, George Mason objected to the par-
doning power vested in the President for or-
dinary crimes. Mr. Madison, in reply, said :
" There is one security in this ease to which ffon-
tlcmcn may not have adverted: If the President bo
conncctcdin any &usi>icious manner with any person,
and there bo grounds to believe he will shelter hira,
thoJUoiise of Kepi escntatives can impeach him; they
(evidontly reternug to the Senate, or the (Senate in
connection with the House,) can removehim if found
guilty; thev e.«.n suspend him whan saspcctcd, and tho
power will devolve upon the VicePresident."
He doubtless contemplated a suspension in
pursuance of law. For in Madison's report of
the debates in the Convention which framed the
Constitution it appears that on Friday, Septem-
ber 14, 1787—
"Mr. Rutledge and Mr. Governeur Morris moved
that persons impeached be suspended irom their of-
fices until thoy be tried and acquitted.
"Mr. Madison. The President is made too depend-
ent already on the Legislature by tho power of one
branch to tiy himm consequence of an impeachment
by the other. This intermediate suspension will put
him in the power of on© branch only. They can, at
any moment, in order to make way for the lunetions
of another, who will be more favorable to their views,
vote a temporary removal of the existing magisi rate.
"Mr. King concurred u\ tho opposition to the
amendment."
This was rejected by eight States in the neg-
ative to three in the affirmative.
While the Convention were unwilling that an
impeachment at the bar of the Senate should
ipso facto suspend an officer it cannot be
doubted that the Senate can imprison, and if
necessary for the purpose of the trial, thus
suspend the official functions of the officer im-
peached.
It is one of the inherent powers of every
court to take the steps necessary to make its
jurisdiction effectual. It might be necessary
to suspend the President to prevent his forcible
interference with the trial.
Imprisonment would present a case provided
for in the Constitution, when in consequence of
"Inability to discharge the powers and duties of
the said office, the same shall devolve on the Vice
President."—Constitution, Art. 2, See. 1.
But I refer to these questions now, not be-
cause I suppose they will bepractically import-
ant on the impeachment of the President, but
because of the allusion made to them in debate.
The presidential crimes which now demand
our notice, though grave in their character, are
not the greatest of which he has been gailty ;
but they require the earlysartd prompt action
of- Congress.
Ififl'this hour we!falter in our duty,, usurpa-
tion will achieve a triumph from, whkA-the
nation may never recover. If at last we: meet
this great occasion with that spirit of resistance
to tyranny which inspired the founders of the
nation,, we will rescue the Constitution and the
country'from the usurper who imperils their
safety and their existence, and new proofs will
be given to the world that the great Republic is
equal to every emergency, whether attacked by
armed enemies from without or within our
borders, or by the more insidious, but no less
dangerous, encroachmentsof the highest officer
known to the Constitution.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF PIQN. J. S. GOLLADAY,
OF kentuckyj
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 18C8,
On the resolution reported by the Committee on
Reconstruction for the impeachment of the Pre-
sident.
Mr. GOLLADAY. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to make my voice heard on this occasion in
earnest and solemn protest against the resolu-
tion now before the House. Atatime, above all
others, when the American people in celebra-
tion of the anniversary of t ;e birth of the
"father of his country'' should have been in
a condition to tender to his memory everyemo-
tion of gratitude and love for the blessings
derived from the form of government he was
so instrumental in establishing, and giving np
all other occupations to an innocent enjoyment
of the day, we find that their Representatives,
forgetful of all other considerations, spent- the
time in discussing the matter now before the
House—that, too, in the presence of a vast,
excited, and.expectant throng, filling- every
seat and corridor of this large building, while
an awe-struck nation, rudely awakened from.its
dreams of peace, quiet, and prosperity, stood
appalled at the action of this House, and every
city, town, and hamlet in our broad land sent
forth their prayers for the preservation of peace
and liberty, and the hope that the madness
which now rules the hour may not be the herald
of impending destruction.
I admit, Mr. Speaker, the wisdom and the
excellence of that provision of our Constitu-
tion which gives to the Representatives of the
people's will the right to impeach, try, and
punish tho President "on conviction of treason,
bribery, or other liifjh crimes and misdemean-
ors and it is not only our right but- oaf duty
to exercise it upon all proper occasions. But
I assert that no evidence: is before the" House
to show that we are justified in the exercise
of our high prerogative upon the present
occasion. And, on the contrary, I propose to
show that Andrew Johnson has been guilty
of no "high crimes or. misdemeanors,'' anil
that the present attempt, after two signal fail-
ures to accomplish the same end, is solely the
result of partisan prejudice and 'persons)
malice. It is well understood that the " report
of the committee " now under consideration
was based upon the President's action in the
removal of Edwin M. Stanton as Secretary of
War and the appointment ad interim of'Lo-
renzo Thomas, the Adjutant General of the
Army, to that position. It is alleged that hehas
willfully violated the tenure-of-office act and the
Constitution, and hence has been guiitv of Siieii
a high crime or misdemeanor as to'demani
i mpeaoh ment at our hands. I propose to show,
that he has acted strictly within the limits .of
his constitutional privileges ; that he has vio-
lated no Jhw that he has been gidhy of no
crime to justify the report we are now consid-
ering.
