1696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marci 6,
tor one provision to inquire whether there be
any such statute on the book. "The proper
accounting officers of the Treasury be, and they
are hereby, authorized'' to allow certain credits
"as shall appear to them by such vouchers
and testimony as they shall require" to be
satisfactory, and they are to ascertain whether
or not the officers are to be held responsible.
I know of no statute which confers any such
discretion as this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There may be no such
statutes, but there are statutes which direct
the accounting officers to take particular kinds
of testimony. For instance, in reference to
the claims of States, the statute prescribed
what kind of vouchers should be conclusive.
I remember one statute in regard to losses by
officei-s where the affidavit of the officer him-
self was allowed to be taken as proof of loss.
The Senator must see that the accounting
officers must necessarily establish some sort of
rule by which they will be governed in the set-
tlement of these accounts. As I understand
what he has read, they are to be furnished
with sucj  vouchers or other testimony of a
particular fact as they shall require. They
must necessarily establish rules for the pur-
pose where they are not prescribed by the
statute.
Mr. CONKLING. The statutes to which
the Senator from Rhode Island has referred,
and which I have looked at now for the first
time, illustrate the suggestion I make. Sec-
tion two of the act of 1803, to which he alluded,
provides:
"That in settling the accounts of tho commanding
officer of a company for clothing or other military sup-
plies the affidavit of such otlicer may be received to
show the loss of vouchers or thoeompany books, "&e.
But here is a proposition that the accounting
officers need not require even a voucher; they
need not require an affidavit; in truth, tliey^
need not require any evjfclence at all that can,
be specified. Whatever in their estimation is
satisfactory is enough, so that if they have a
personal acquaintance with thppartieular party,
and upon his word or by his letter lie makes a
statementthatsatisfies them morally, that would
comply with the provision of this bill.
My suggestion is that there ought to be some
provision in the bill either requiring vouchers
or else requiring legal evidence of the loss or
absence of vouchers; that it will hardly do to
commit at large to accounting officers, first,
a discretion to allow any account which they
deem just; and second, a discretion to allow
it upon such persuasion as, in their judgment,
amounts to satisfactory evidence, no matter
whether it be hearsay, whether it be a teller,
whether it be a mere assertion, or whether it
be something which in truth legally would be
described as evidence.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think this bill may be
so improved by amendments as, perhaps, to
meet the views of the Senator from Massachu-
setts and remove the objections made by the
Senator from Vermont, i think that where a
paymaster has made an overpayment in good
faith, actually paid out the funds, he ought to
be credited with the amount so paid on the
production of vouchers or satisfactory evi-
dence ; but I do not think that power ought to
be conferred on the accounting officers to
allow for the losses of property or funds.
Whenever a paymaster loses an amount of
money he ought to make an application to
Congress for relief, and numerous cases of that
kind have occurred. I had occasion once to
decide, as one of the Committee on Claims, in
a case where a paymaster lost §10,000 in
money, and it was the opinion of the commit-
tee that it was through negligence. Although
he claimed that he had exercised proper dili-
gence, yet in the opinion of the committee the
loss was attributable to the negligence of the
officer, and so the committee disallowed that
claim. Other applications of a similar nature
have been made to Congress, and it seems to
me it would be a dangerous power to confer
upon the accounting officers the right to pass
upon these claims as to the loss of funds or
property by these officers; but if an officer has
actually paid out money to a soldier, and it is
an overpayment which was not strictly in ac-
cordance with the law, I should think there
would be good reason to allow him credit for
that amount. But 1 never could consent to the
passage of this bill without an amendment;
and 1 would suggest the striking out of the
words "such credits for losses of property and
funds, and;" so as to make it read:
That the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury be, and they arc hereby,authoiized, in tho set-
tlement of tho accounts of paymasters of the Army,
to allow, subject to the approval ot the Secretary of
War, for overpayments made in good faith on public
account since the commencement of tho l ebellion as
shall appear to them bysuchvouchersaud testimony
as they shall require, ic.
I agree with the Senator from Maine, ac-
cording to the information I possess, that the
accounting officers are allowed in all cases of
claims to decide upon such testimony as they
may require, as will satisfy them as to the jus-
tice of the claim. It is not necessary always
that actual vouchers should be produced.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to Senators that
this bill was examined in the pay department
and in the Treasury Department, and was
drawn in conjunction with the best officers of
this Government, and intended to be, in the
most careful manner, and to be an improve-
ment on what I think the other House has
once, if not twice, passed. I will, however,
move to strike out in the sixth and seventh
lines the words "losses of property and funds
and for so that it will simply apply to over-
payments.
The PRESIDENT .pro tempore. There is a
prior motion to refer the bill to the Committee
on Finance. Is that withdrawn ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir.
Mr. WILSON. I object to that reference,
and hope it will not lie ordered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, that the bill be referred to tho Commit-
tee on Finance.
The question being put, a division was called
for, and the ayes were thirteen.
Jlr. SHERMAN. Tlieie is evidently not a
quorum voting, and I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the bill had bet-
Lcr lie over.
Mr. CONNESS. What is the condition of
the question ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. What became of the mo-
tion to refer?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There was
no quorum voting, and the yeas and nays were
not ordered, and there you are.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, hereT am; and
I want to say that 1 do not think this bill had
better be engrossed as it stands now.
Mr. CONNESS. What has become of the
motion to amend made by the Senator from
Oregon?
ThePRBSIDENT^roifempore. The motion
to amend was not then in order, because there
was a motion to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee on Finance, and that is the pending motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
the motion to refer for the present.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I now move my amend-
ment, to strike out in the sixth and seventh
lines the words "such credits for losses of
property and funds and," and also to strike
out in the tenth, eleventh, and twelfth lines
the words "to have been occasioned by acci-
dental circumstances or a condition of things
over which said officers had no control and for
which they are not justly responsible ;" so as
to make the bill read if amended:
That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
be, and they are hereby, authoiized in the settle-
ment of accounts of paymasters of the Army, to al-
low, subject to the approval of the Secretary of War,
for over-payments made in good faith on public ac-
count since the commencement of the rebellion^as
shall appear to them, by such vouchers and testimony
as they shall require.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out the
words " subject to the approval of the .Secre-
tary of War."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no time to go any further with this bill now.
The Chair will, however, lay before the Senate
a bill of the House of Representatives, for the
purpose of reference.
MANAGERS FOR SOEDIEUS' ASYLUM.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 226) ap-
Sointing managers of the National Asylum for
disabled Soldiers, and for other purposes, was
read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that that resolution
be put on its passage now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
time for that,
Mr. WILSON. Very well, let it lie on the
table for the present.
IMPEACHMENT OF PRESIDENT JOHNSON.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time
having arrived for the Senate to proceed to the
consideration of matters connected with the
impeachment of the President of the United
States, the chair will be vacated for the Chief
Justice of the United States.
The Presidentpro tempore thereupon retired
from the chair.
The Chit f Justice of the United States en-
tered the Senate Chamber, escorted_ by Mr.
Pomeroy, the chairman of the committee ap-
pointed for that purpose, and took the chair.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senate will
come to order. The proceedings of yesterday
will be read.
The Secretary read the "proceedings of the
Senate sitting op the trial of the impeachment
of Andrew Johnson, President of the Uniled
States, on Thursday, March 5, 18G8," from the
entries on the Journal kept for that purpose by
the Secretary.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. At its adjournment
last evening the Senate, sitting for the trial of
impeachment, had under consideration the
motion of the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Johxson,] that objection having been made
to the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] taking
the oath his name should be passed until the
remaining members have been sworn. That
is the business now before the body. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut [Mr. Dixox] is entitled
to the floor on that motion.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President 
Mr. HOWARD. Excuse me one moment.
Mr. President, I rise to a question of order.
The CHIEFJUSTICE. The Senator from
Michigan will state his point of order.
Mr. HOWARD. By the Constitution the
Senate sitting on the trial of an impeachment
is to be on oath or affirmation ; each member
of the Senate, by the Constitution, is a com-
ponent member of the body for that purpose.
There can, therefore, be no trial unless this
oath or affirmation is taken by the respective
Senators who are present. The Constitution
of the United States is imperative ; and when
a member presents himself to take the oath I
hold that as a rule of order it is the duty of
the presiding officer to administer the oath,
and that his proposition to take the oath can-
not be postponed; that other members have
no control over the question, but that it is a
simple duty devolved upon the presiding offi-
cer of the body to administer the oath.
Further, sir, the Senate on the second day
of the present month, adopted rules for their
government on proceedings of this kind. Rule
three declares that—■
" Before proceeding to the consideration of the
articles of impeachment, tho presiding officer shall
administer the oath hereinafter provided to the
members of the Senate then present."
Mr. WrADE is present and ready to take the
oath—
"And to the other members of the Seriate aethey
shall appear, whose duty it shall be to take the same."
The form of the oath is also prescribed in
our present rules, and is as follows:
"I solemnly swear (or affirm, as the ease may be)
that in all things 'appertaining to tho trial of the im-
