1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
40TII OOXI>....2D SUBS.
Impeachment—Mr. Golladay.
Ho. op EiSPS.
Section two, article two, of the Constitution
gives the President power to—
" Nominate, and by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate to appoint, embassadors, other
public ministers and consuls, judges of the Supreme
Court, and aU other officers of the United States
who^e appointments are not herein otherwise pro-
vided for, and which shall be established by law. *
In that instrument, which must be our high-
est guide in the consideration of this question,
the appointment of Secretary of War is not
''otherwise provided for," but it is ''estab-
lished by law,! in the act of August 7, 1789,
which created a Department of War and pro-
vided for its government. That Department
has been in existence from that date to the
present time. The right to appointor remove
its head at his own pleasure has never been
denied to an}' of the predecessors of our pres-
ent Executive, and such denial now is a gross
outrage upon lm prerogatives, an insult to his
office, and violative of the Constitution.
It is well known that some months since
Mr. Stanton was suspended from a discharge
of the duties of the War Office and General
Grant was appointed to discharge them ad
interim, which he continued to do until the
reasons assigned to the Senate for said suspen-
sion by Mr. Johnson were non-concurred in ;
when General Grant immediately, and with
indecent haste, (if not wiUt turpitude, and in
accordance with a secert understanding to
thwart and betray the trust of the Executive.)
surrendered the oliice to Mr. Stanton. In
bold defiance of the President's will the hitter
continued to hold the place, and still continues
so to do. if any power on earth is possessed
by the President of the United States it is the
right to select and to remove at pleasure the
members of his Cabinet, who are his consti-
tutional advisers and a part and parcel of his
political household. It was in the exercise
of this power that Mr. Stanton was removed
and General Thomas appointed to the place
ad interim. It is alleged that in making
this removal the President has violated the
laws he swore to support. I deny it. Whether
or not the concurrence of the Senate is neces-
sary to a removal it is hardly necessary to
discuss ; the well-established u«agc of the
Government for a long series of vears has
shown that it is not though the partisan efforts
of the dominant party in the t.emire-of-ollice
act seek at this late day to establish a differ-
ent doctrine ; and while grave doubts of the
constitutionality of this very measure pervade
the minds of many of the gentlemen who voted
for it with brazen effrontery the impeachment
of the President is now sought, because he
violated no law, but simply made an effort to
have our judiciary decide whether or not this
act is law at all. I am aware of the fact that
in No. 77 of the Federalist Mr. Hamilton
states "the consent of that body (referiing to
the Senate) would be necessary to displace as
well as to appoint." In the foot note of the
edition of that great constitutional authority,
from which Iquote, (edition of John C. Hamil-
ton, page 508) on this very passage just cited,
we find—
"This construction has einr>e been rejected br the
Legislature; audit i? now settled in practice that
the power of displacing belongs exclusively to the
President.''
This was the established law and doctrine
of our land, as our records show—the wisdom
of which is sustained by long experience—
until an effort was made to change and over-
throw the usage by the " tenure-of-offiee act,"
a measure violative of every sound principle
of law or policy. Admit, for the sake of argu-
ment. that the act should eventually be decided
constitutional, and still the President has done
no wrong, and has violated none of its pro-
visions. The second section of said act pro-
vides—
"That the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of
War. of the Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmas-
ter General, and the Attorue> Geneial shall hold
their offices respectively for and during the term of
the President by whom they may have been ap-
pointed, and for one month thereafter, subject to
removal by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate.'*
No one contends that Mr. Johnson appointed
Edwin M. Stanton to the post of Secretary of
War. He never sent his name to the Senate
for confirmation; he never informed him that
he was his choice for the position; he never
signed his commission nor committed an act
which estops him from exercising the power of
removal under this very law and plainly granted
therein, and for an alleged violation of which
the President is now arraigned as a criminal by
this House. Nor can any one with the most
superficial knowledge of law or judicial pro-
cedures contend that a constructive appoint-
ment is to be implied from the fact that Mr.
Johnson found Kdwin M. Stanton in the War
Office when he acceded to the Presidency and
permitted him to continue in the discharge of
those duties to which he had been appointed
and assigned by President Lincoln. The object
of this provision of the tcnure-of-office act was
clearly to limit the President in the power of
removing any member of the Cabinet of his
own appointment without the consent of the
Senate, and by necessary inference he had and
has the power to remove any member of the
Cabinet appointed by his predecessor at his
own pleasure and without the concurrence of
the Seriate in his action. The debates in the
Senate when this very measure was under con-
sideration there, moreparlicularly the remarks
of Senator Sherman, show that it was under-
stood and admitted m that body that Mr. Stan-
ton was not to be retained in the Cabinet b}r
the passage oi the act, but might be excluded
therelrom at the pleasure of the President. It
is a matter of history that Mr. Stanton himself,
as an adviser of the President, declared in
favor of the unconstitutionality of the net. and
I have no doubt a majority of the lines!, legal
minds in the nation concur with him in that
opinion.
In support of this position, Mr. Speaker, I
desire to read from the papers of the da}' the
remarks made by several Senators at the lime
! the recent action of the President, for which
ho is now threatened wiih impcaehmont, was
first brought to their notice on Friday last:
" L'.rccnfivc S< XULOI1 on Friday.
" The Prondont's iroerctaiy, Colonel Moore, came
in. Hen.itor Uonklixo w; s addr^st-m^ the Chair on
rcconsJruction. The executive ■document* yrcro
placed in a pile on the J'nwdcnt's de>k, and ai'ter a
very bi ud hu ^c of Hun: the Somite wont into exec-
utive session, and the picMdentmi documents were
bud bofoi e the body, and Senator 15 vyvkd took the
ilooi in opposition to the vcduiuUou Ui>:  ppi oving of
the I'rexidenf'ft action and ;u winning him lor a< ting
i in opposition to the law, and an?ucd at length upon
j both the unconstitutionality oi l he tuiuro-of-ofhoc
1 bill find upon it* entire luofln-iuney.
! "Mr. Di\oX ioilowed, and took the ground that
the President had the riiditloremove from positions
in bio CabiiK-t siio.se whom he deemed were neither
friends or advisers. The tenurc-of-office bill con-
templated nothing more than the protection of those
who muriit belaiiiy designated enemn's ol' thelSx-
ecutive. Mr. Stanton was included more especially
ni the number, and radical friendship h r him nought,
even at the expend of harmony in the Uovemment,
to retain him m defiance of inw, common sense, and
jrood ta^to, as so-called adviser, but really as a spy
upon the b'xecutivc.
" Mr. llENPKiCKs f poke in very^tronir tennMigairisd
what he de-ii'^nated an imposition on one of the co-
il ordinate branches ol the Government, to which
|, neither of the other two would tamely submit, lie
:i instanced the exlra<ndm«uy change of sentiment,
ji whk-h >-omo lladie d member of the Senate had un-
jj dergone of late when an alteration of the political
position seemed impendm?.
" Mr. Sherman, as chairman of the committee of
conference on the part of the House when the ten-
ure-of-offiee bill was under consideration, reported
that the bill as amended and appiovcd by both
Uouscrfdid notattempt to retrain the President, from
changing his Cabinet.
" Mr. Doolittlk asked Mr. Suerm \>~if the bih left
the President power to remove btanton?
" Mr. Sherman replied that it did.
"Mr. Morton interrupted and said, at the time of
the passage of the bill, it was admitted the power to
remove Secretary Stanton was tiiken away from the
President.
" Mr. Pussfndex interrupted and said, notliiug of
the kind was understood by him, and if he had
thought the bill meant, to effect such an object as
taking away from the Executive one of its principal
elements of unity and effectiveness he should have
voted against it.
" Mr. Howe argued that the Senate had no power
to curtail the organic privileges of the Executive:
yet, though he was opposed to the general scope of
the policy embraced in the teouro-of-ofliee bill, he
was unable to decide in this instance who was most
to blame, Congress or the President.
" Messrs. Trumbull, Pessenden, and Drake fol-
lowed, and each in turn confessed his inability to
give an opinion on the law which would favor the
con?trnetion of the resolution offered'that the Presi-
dent had violated the I aw.
"Mr. Fessenpen said he desired to read statutes
more fully, and that ho had little doubt he should
find some law which would justify the President in
his present course.
**Mr. Drake, like Fessendex, was unable to form
an opinion favorable to i,he resolution; neither could
Trumbull."
Thus it will be perceived, beyond all contro-
versy, that Mr. Stanton having advised the
President that the tenure-of-offiee act was un-
constitutional, and the action of the Senate at
the time of its consideration pending the pas-
sage of the bill indicating clearly that it could
not be construed to keep Mr. Stanton in power,
Mr. Johnson was justified in acting on these
opinions, and can with no consistency be
blamed for their adoption. We see presented
to-day the most extraordinary spectacle that
ever occurred in the history, of legislation. An
excited-and reckless body arraigning the Chief
Magistrate* whose high office, if not his person,
deserves our respect, for basing a certain line
of action toward a minister upon the very
advice given by that minister, and similar opin-
ions expressed by distinguished members of
the national Seriate, winch if not distinctly ex-
pressed in the form of a statute, are certainly
by any sound system of reasoning to be deduced
therefrom. There must be union of act and
intent to constitute a crime. The intent to be
inferred from the act only when the latter is
clearly proven, and subject then to rebuttal
upon proof of justification.
in the ease now before the House, as I have
already shown, no act of enmeor even a mis-
demeanor appears to have been committed.
This House, by a decided vote, having, upon
two former occasions, given a negative to all
charges agaiust the President, we know that
the only act he has committed for which im-
peachment is now sought, is the removal of a
Cabinet minister, odious not only to him, but
to every refined and respectable person in the
countiy. Thar, there was no intent of wrong
on the part of the President is manifest from
many considerations. He had no motive for
wrong, because he could derive no heneiit
from it 5 he intended no obstruction to the
public service, as he assigned an old and expe-
rienced Army officer to discharge the duties of
;j the War Oihce ad interim, and has nominated
i! to the Senate one of the most venerable, pure,
jj and experienced statesmen in the land as Sec-
\\ rotary of War, Hon. Thomas Ewing; far-
jj ther than that, every member of this House,
j| and every intelligent person in this country,
I; knows that the General and Lieutenant Gen-
|j eral of our armies, two soldiers honored by our
ji people as military chieftains were never hon-
;j ored by them before, wrote to the President
!i that they would advise Mr. Stanton to resign;
ii the latter General saving, in the event of his
M refusal, ''ulterior measures" could then b" re-
>! sorted to to enforce said resignation; and
ji both undoubtedly show that the good of the
i! public service required said reMgnation.
;j It is absolutely astonishing, Air. Speaker,
that gentlemen here should seek to impoach
Mr. Johnson for removing a man whom Gen-
eral. Grant and General Sherman both advised
to resign for the public good, and who, folio w-
i| ingaba.se ambition and partisan Reeling, shows
|; his utter and total disregard for the best niter-
j! ests of the uation. The President woufu have
,i been more o-uiltv. with this information m ins
;! possession, if he had not removed Mr. Stanton
ii than he can possibly he lor the removah He
j! must 4* take care that the jaws be iaiUfully
II executed." The Constitution a.ul regard tor
