1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mk-
was brought to the bar of the nation's appointed
court, and the issue proved too much for the
weakness of human nature. The executive
power asserts its defiance of laws and Constitu-
tion and its supremacy over both, and the people
are powerless in the presence of the usurper.
Weeks ago he is said to have communicated
the forthcoming decision of the Senate and
named the very members thereof who were to
vote for his acquittal. The people with one
accord had pronounced him guilty, but the
high court enter up a verdict of acquittal.
Aii this is done under the sanction of a judi-
cial oath, and the people are told that they must
not go behind that to question the judicial ver-
dict of Senators. In answer to this I need only
reply that the vilest enormities ever inflicted
on mankind of which we have any record in
history were committed under the sanction and
solemnities of a judicial oath.
If public rumor be true, the verdict acquit-
ting the President was not rendered because
of law or evidence, but was the result of a
secret, deliberate, and carefully organized com-
bination, brought about by personal hatreds,
individual ambitions, presidential electioneer-
ing schemes in the interest of office-holding
and office-seeking cliques ; and, alas ! all fear
by a more monstrous prostitution of the great
trust committed to each individual member of
the court which shall be nameless here.
If such combinations, with the means which
are said to have been employed. may success-
fully prevent the removal of a dangerous and
guilty President, by the great tribunal provided
by our fathers for the protection and security
of the Republic, we may look for the early
inauguration of a policy which will speedily
bring into entire subordination the legislative to
the executive department of the Government.
From the judgment of this high tribunal, made
under the solemn obligations of a judicial oath,
we intend to appeal to a higher and safer tri-
bunal, the great tribunal of the people, who,
though not acting under the sanction of official
or judicial oaths, will render a verdict quite as
honestly andqui teas free from partisan hatred—
a verdict which shall, at all events, be free from
the taint of dishonor and corruption.
To me the only hope of the nation is in that
power which can make Presidents and Sen-
ators. To that incorruptible power we shall
appeal from a verdict which is utterly inde-
fensible and a mockery of justice.
To the people we also intend to appeal for
an amendment to their organic law which shall
abolish the Vice Presidential office and pro-
vide against the reelection of any man to the
Presidency, as a means of obtainingadditional
security against the encroachments of the ex-
ecutive power. Pass this amendment; secure
a fair representation to the minority ; provide
for a modification of the veto power by au-
thorizing the President to return a bill with his
objections, but provide that on a reconsider-
ation a majority of the members elected and
qualified in the Senate and in the House of
Representatives shall be required to enact the
bill into law over the veto, instead of two
thirds of a quorum, as now, and the people will
have all the security necessary to protect them
agai^t hasty, partisan, or unconstitutional
legislation. Add to this a civil tenure-of-office
act which shall take away from Senators and
Representatives the authority which custom has
secured to those representing the administra-
tion party of designating persons for appoint-
ment, and lodge it with a board of examiners,
as free to act as the examining board at West
Point; which board shall examine all appli-
cants for appointment and for promotion, and
before whom all shall have a fair hearing, with
a copy of the charges and specifications prior
to their dismissal from office ; and we will do
something toward remedying the present unjust
and indefensible system of appointing persons
to office in our civil service. Provide with
this a modification of the pardoning power,
which ought never to be lodged in the hands
of any one man, and a provision authorizing
the House of Representatives, by a two-thirds
40th Cons. 2d Sbss.—No. 111.
vote, to demand a change of any member of
the Cabinet, and the people will retain in their
hands such control of their public servants as
will be a guarantee of their fidelity and faithful-
ness. In this way the dangerous assumptions
of the Executive can be successfully provided
against and the rights and liberties of the peo-
ple preserved. If some such provision as I
have suggested is not adopted, then the decla-
ration made by Franklin in the Convention
which framed the Constitution, that—
"The executive power will be always increasing
here as elsewhere till it ends in monarchy,"
will, I fear, some day not far distant become a
prophecy fulfilled.
PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES NOT SELECTED BY CON-
VENTIONS BECAUSE OP FITNESS, CHARACTER, OK
ABILITY.
Mr. Chairman, the considerations which so
often prevail in the nomination of Representa-
tives to Congress in closely-contested distiicts
have too often prevailed with both parties in
the nomination of their presidential candidates.
The question asked by the leaders and active
men in each party is not, as it should be,
"Who of all the public men of my party is
the best qualified, because of executive ability,
character, culture, and fidelity to principles,
to discharge the duties of the presidential
office with credit to himself and honor to the
nation both at home and abroad; who has the
most honorable record, the most blameless
public and private life with which to adorn and
dignify the most exalted and honorable polit-
ical office on earth?" But the question asked
is, " Where can we find a candidate without a
public record, a man of whom our opponents
can say nothing, and of whom we may say what
we please, to satisfy the interests or prejudices
of any locality without fear of contradiction ;
a man who will the most certainly secure the
electoral vote of this or that State which polit-
ical prophets declare to be doubtful; States
which are conceded to hold the balance of
power in the presidential contest?" These
are the questions asked.
It eould not well be otherwise under such a
political system than that untried, unfaithful,
and incompetent men, comparatively unknown
to the great body of the people, should so often
have reached the presidential office. I need
not cite more than one instance in our history
to show how successfully the honest voters of
a great Stale have been defrauded and betrayed
by the nomination of sueli men as I have
described.
In 184-4 the people of Pennsylvania were
induced to vote for James Iv. Polk and against
Henry Clay, because the Democratic leaders
in that State adopted and carried upon all
their banners the rallying watchwords, '' Polk,
Dallas, andthetariffof'42,'' watchwords which
would have defeated them if placed upon their
banners in the South or West. After the elec-
tion the people whose votes had thus been
obtained were openly and unblushingly be-
trayed by the repeal of the tariff of 1842, which
act received the easting vote of Vice President
Dallas in the Senate and secured the approval
of President Polk.
The people who have been so often betrayed
begin to recognize the fact that treachery in
politics has become a trade, and that so long
as the convention and electoral system prevails
they are powerless in the hands of its man-
agers.
They know that, as a rule, so long as the
people submit to this system, no man will be
nominated by either party for the Presidency
who is their first choice, or for whom a ma-
jority of the electors of either party would
voluntarily vote for nomination at the ballot-
box, if they eould do so under the protection
of law.
Adopt the system which T propose and no
third or fourth-rate man would probably ever
be nominated for President, certainly no man
could by any possibility be nominated whose i
political opinions were unknown and with j
whose political record the people were not i
familiar. The Republican party with such a I
system would_ never have been guilty of the
folly of nominating Andrew Johnson—nor
would the voters in the Democratic party
entertain for a moment the proposition to
nominate the Chief Justice as their candidate.
Yet Johnson was nominated by a Republican
convention and some of the Democratic man-
agers profess to favor the nomination of Mr."
Chase in their convention.
All know that Johnson was the choice of a
few tricksters in the Baltimore convention,
and not the choice of the Republican party.
Mr. Chase would not be the first choice of one
Democrat in a thousand, yet men are plotting
for his nomination in the Democratic conven-
tion, knowing that if he can be nominated the
despotism of king caucus would compel the
party to yield him its support.
In order to obtain a sufficient number of
votes to be'includcd in the list of the five high-
est or the three highest.voted for at the first
election, it would be necessary, under the plan
which I propose, to present to the voters of
both parties or all parties, men of well-known
character, ability, and political integrity. No
faction or minorty in any party could then
form combinations and secure nominations by
fraud, nor could they defeat, as now, the nom-
ination of any man who was the choice of the
majority ; schemers could not hold the " bal-
ance of power" in any State, and compel the
nomination of their candidate on pain of defeat
at the election. The voice of each party in
the nation would speak and be heard as a unit,
and there would be no desperate efforts made,
as now, by either party to secure a bare major-
ity in large States by fraud and corruption, in „
order to secure their electoral vote.
This proposition is so just that I hope it will
commend itself to the Congress of the nation,
as I am confident it will to the great body of
the American people. Its adoption will secure
to the voters of the nation a system, plain,
simple, natural—a system free from complica-
tions and from the control of minorities—-one
which permits no body of men or party ma-
chinery to interpose between the people and
the ballot-box.
CITIZENSHIP SUFFRAGE.
Mr. Chairman, if we adopt the proposition
for the election of the President by a direct
vote of the people, the necessity of securing
the privileges of the ballot to every citizen
without distinction of race or color, whether
native or foreign born, will be conceded by all
who desire the unity and stability of our Gov-
ernment.
While I hold that Congress has the power,
under the Constitution as it is, to clothe every
citizen with the privilege of the ballot, I am
confident it will never be secured to them
except by an amendment to the national Con-
stitution.
I am ready now, as I have been for years, to
vote for an act of Congress secuiing the great
privilege of the ballot to all citizens without
regard to race or color in every State and Ter-
ritory of the Republic.
I cannot, however, shut my eyes to the fact
that such an act of Congress passed so soon
after the iejection by a number of States of
amendments to their constitutions proposing
to confer suffrage oil colored citizens, would
meet with such determined and united opposi-
tion from the so-called Democratic party and
from some professed Republicans, that in many
localities it would end in violence and resist-
ance to the execution of the law.
I need not add that this resistance aud vio-
lence would be inaugurated by the very class
who to-day would demand the prompt and
merciless execution of the infamous and brutal
fugitive-slave act, if slavery were not abolished.
In the name of democracy and Christianity £
the enslavement of men has been sanctioned,
and the most God-defying laws executed with
the basest alacritv; while those enactments
which ennoble and"dignify the human race and
recognize the rights and privileges of men are
condemned and resisted by its professed dis-
ciples.
