1867.
1HE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE
SIS
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, which lad !
no clerk, still bad considerable business and
needed clerical service. The clerk we bad for
the Committee on Mines nnd Mining had not
enough to occupy all of his time, and at my
request he volunteered his services to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad. In my Judg-
ment only one clerk was needed by these two
committees. I now ask on behalf of these two
committees that they shall be allowed this one
clerk, at the lowest rate of pay specified by the
resolution of this House.
I, sir, would not come here to ask for this
clerk unless the committee had urged me to
do so. I do not ask for a clerk only for the
committee of which I am chairman. I am as
ma eh in favor of retrenchment as any member
of this House. I only ask for one clerk for
the two committees. There is a great deal of
business before the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad and in the Committee on Mines and
Mining, which will need the services of a clerk.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I ask the
gentleman to withdraw the call for the previous
question, so I may offer an amendment to
include a clerk for the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. HIGBY. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. I do not know how arduous the duties
of that committee are. I am only asking a
clerk for two committtees.
Mr. ROSS. Let the resolution go to the
Committee on Retrenchment.
Mr. HIGBY. I think it is sufficient that I
ask on my responsibility for this clerk.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to withdraw the call for the previous
question for a moment.
Mr. HIGBY. I will.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am reluc-
tant to oppose these applications for clerks. I
reserve to myself the right to judge whether it
is proper or not to give these clerks.
Now, sir, for the life of me I cannot conceive
how the Committee on Mines and Mining can
by any possibility require the services of & clerk.
I do not believe, and I appeal to the gentleman
from California to know if I am not right, that
there are half a dozen bills that go to his com-
mittee during the whole Congress. I would
like to know what business is before that com-
mittee which requires the employment of a clerk.
And in regard to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad—with which it is proposed that the
Committee on Mines and Mining shall divide the
clerk—I would like to know what business there
is before that committee that requires they
should employ a clerk?
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, I do not allow
any member to be a censor over me here. I
represent a constituency just as much as the
the gentleman from Illinois, and I shall not
Stand here and specify the particular business
which we have before the committee nnless
every member in the House is to be questioned
by any one as he pleases and to be brought up
and investigated in this kind of way.
Mr. WASHBUR.NE, of Illinois. I believe
I have the floor.
Mr. HIGBY. I have the floor, and I will
not be interrupted until I get through.
I have asserted that these two committees
need a clerk; that the Committee on Mines
and Mining needs more or less clerical ser-
vices. That is what I say to the House, and I
gay it on my responsibility as a member 01" the
House and my character for integrity and truth.
I say it, and 1, shall not specify the particular
business we have before us nor the number of
bills.
I will now yield to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Price.]
Mr. PRICE. I am very happy to be able to
answer my friend from the Galena district, and
I will go a little further than the gentleman
from California did and say just what we have
before us. We have up to this time—and it is
early in the session—some eight or nine bills
and resolutions before us for consideration. I
will say to the gentleman from Illinois and to
nil other gentlemen here that there is a great
deal of work for a clerk to do for that commit-
tee. Last session we borrowed a clerk from
another committee, and yon very generously
paid hira a small compensation before the close
of the session for his services. You gave the
Committee on Mines and Mining a full clerk
and paid him full wages.
Sir, I do not yield to any gentleman on this
floor when a point of economy is raised. I
claim to "be as economical as any other man
upon this floor now or that will be here. But we
only ask to have half a clerk each for these two
committees. [Laughter.]
- Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How are
you going to divide him? [Laughter.]
Mr. PRICE. Well, if the House will vote
half a clerk to each and we do not divide him
then we lose. [Laughter.] I will agree to this
with the gentleman from Illinois, that if we
have not got as much work before the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad for a clerk to do
as they have before the Committee on Com-
merce neither committee shall have a clerk.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is fair.
Mr. PRICE. I am a fair man, and I am
willing to make that arrangement. I do it for
the reason that I know the chairman of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad can write
as fast, if not as well, as the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce. [Laughter.] I make
that proposition to him. The Committee on
the Pacific Railroad would not ask for a clerk
unless it was absolutely necessary.
Mr. HIGBY resumed the floor.
Mr. SPALDING. • I will ask the gentleman
to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. HIGBY. I will yield to the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. SPALDING. I suggest to the gentle-
man from California the propriety of an amend-
ment. The Committee on unfinished Business
has lately been charged with the control of the
restaurant and they want a clerk very much to
my certain knowledge, and if the gentleman
will put in a clerk for that committee I will
vote for his resolution.
Mr. HIGBY. I have experienced the fatality
of such movements in this House; that is the
reason I object. I am perfectly willing to help
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] when
he shall introduce a resolution for a clerk and
say that they really need one. I now call the
previous question.-
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from California [Mr. Higby] with-
draw for a moment the call for the previous
question?
Mr. HIGBY. I will not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
hope the House will vote it down.
The question was then taken upon seconding
the previous question; and upon a division there
were—ayes 62, noes 18; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Higby and
Mr. Holm an were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 73, noes 22.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then_ ordered ; which
was tipon adopting the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Upon that
questional call for the yeas and nays.
• The ySas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas- 73, nays 23,
not voting ^; as follows:
YBA8—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Archer, Delos
It. Ashley. James M. Ashley .Axtell, Barnes. Beek,
Benjamin, Bingham, Boyer, Butler, Cary, Chanter,
Cobb, Coburn, Covode, Dixon, Donnelly, DrigOT, Eg-
gleston, Farnsworth, Ferries, Fox, Higby. Hooper,
Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Ingersotl, Johnson, Jones, Judd, Julian, Knott, Lo-
gan, Lynob, Mallory, McClurg, MoCormick, MeCul-
lough, Mereur, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mungea,
Myers. Niblack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Peters, Plants,
Poland, Polsley, Price, Randall, Rarnn, Robinsou,,
Schenck, Selye, Smith, Spalding, Stokes, Taber,
Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Henry 1).
Washburn, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
John T. Wilson, Stephen P. wilson, and Win-
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, AriwU, Baker, Baldwin,
Cullom, Eldridge, GeH, Gollftday, Grover, Holman,
Kerr, Ketcham, George Y. Lawreaoe, William Law-
rence, Loan, Lougliridge, Paine, Robertson, Iioss,
liurt Van Horn, OndwaladerC. Washburn. ElihuB.
Washburne, and William B. Washburn—23.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Bailey, Banks, Bar-
num, Beaman, Benton, Blaine, Blair, BoutwcII,
Bromwcll, Brooks, Brootnall, ISackland, Burr, Cake,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook,
Cornell, Dawes, Dodge. Eckley, Eli, Eliot, Perry,
Fields, Finney. Garfield,Glossbrenner, Gravely, Gris-
wold,Haight,Halscy, Hamilton, Harding, Hawkins,
Ilill.Hotchkiss, Richard D.Hubbard, Iliilburd.IIum-
iihrey, Hunter, Jenekes, Kelleu", Kelsey, Kitchen,
Loontz. LaQin, Lincoln, Marshall, Marvin. May-
nard, McCarthy, Miller, Morgan, Morrissey, Mullins,
Newcomb, Nunn, Orth, Perham, Pholps. Pike, Pile,
I'omeroy, Pruyn, Sawyer, Bcofield, Shanks, Shella-
barger, Sit«reaves, Starkweather, Aaron I\ Stevens,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stone, TafFe, Taylor,
Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aer-
nam, Van A-uken, V'an Trump, Van Wyck, Welker,
James F. Wilson, Wood, Woadbridge, and Wood'
ward—92.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr, INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reooasider be
laid ou the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE 6F ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained indefi«
nite leave of absence for Mr. Churchill.
Mr. MUNGEN asked and obtained leave of
absence for himself until the 6th of February
next.
Mr. CULLOM asked aftd obtained indefinite
leave of absence for his colleague, Mr. Brom-
well.
ACCOUNTS OP MASSACHUSETTS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the commissioners ap-
pointed by the President to examine into the
accounts of the State of Massachusetts, trans-
mitting a report of the same in compliance with
the act of July 26,1866; which was laid on the
table.
MESSAGE TUOM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Jolt* W.
Forney, its Secretary, informed the House
that the Senate had passed a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 80) in relation to the erection of a
jail in the District of Columbia; in which he
was directed to request the concurrence of the
House.
JAIL IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. COVODE. I now call up the resolu-
tion reported by me on yesterday from the
Committee on Pjiblic Buildings and Grounds.
A joint resolution has just come in from the
Senate directing the Secretary of the Treasury
to suspend payments in the case of the new
jail in this District. That would give time to
investigate this matter. But the investigation
should go on as recommended in the report I
made on yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remind
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Co-
tode] that objection was made yesterday to
his report, and it was not received.
Mr. COVODE. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent of the House to take frotn the Speaker's
table the joint resolution from the Senate on
that subject.
Mr. INGERSOLL and Mr. CHANLER
objected.
Mr. COVODE. Then I will say that I have
been directed by a unanimous vote of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds to
report to and recommend the adoption by this
House of the following preamble and resolu-
tion :
Whereas there #re good reasons to believe that the
contract for building tho jail in and for the Distinct
of Columbia was improperly let: Therefore, ,
Be it resolved. That the Secretary of the Interior
be requested to withhold any further payments upon
the contract referred to until the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds have an opportunity
to investigate said contract; and for such purposes
said committoe is hereby authorized to make such"
investigation and to send for persons and papers, to
administer oaths to witnesses, and report the result
of tlieir investigation to the House at the earliest pos-
sible moment: Provided, Noexpenseshall be incurred
in such investigation.
I trost, Mr. Speaker, there will be no objec-
tion to this resolution.
