U4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20
I
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] reports the reso-
lution in regular order from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds; an objection
cannot prevent its consideration at the present
time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The Chair was calling
committees, I believe, for reports of a private
nature; and I submit the question whether
this is a report of a private nature.
The SPEAKER. During the last Congress
the Chair decided, as the gentleman will find
by referring to the Digest, page 161, that prop-
ositions in reference to the District of Colum-
bia are of a private nature.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I believe the decision
then was in my favor. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair must adminis-
ter the rules impartially.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would inquire whether
this subject has been referred by the House to
the committee of which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] is chairman ?
Mr. COVODE. The committee have taken
some testimony on this subject. The propo-
sition which they report does not involve any
expense to the Government. The committee
have become satisfied that there has been some
irregularity in the letting of this contract, or
that it was let in violation of law ; and they-
have unanimously instructed me to ask the
House to take action for suspending operations
under the contract until the matter shall have
been investigated. And now, for the relief of
the gentleman, who is getting up the opposi-
tion to this proposition, I will ask the Clerk
to read a letter from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to the gentleman who objected to this
proposition yesterday. I think this letter will
settle the matter.
The Clerk read as follows:
I)KIM R Til E N'T OF TUB INTERIOR,
Washington, D. C., December 20,1867.
mt dkae Jcd(}e: I notice in the report of yester-
day's congressional proceedings that leave was asked
to introduce a resolution directing " the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds to inquire into the
alleged fraudulent letting of the contract for build-
ing the jail in the District of Columbia," to which
you objected.
If there has been fraud in the letting of the con-
tract it ousht to be exposed, and I am not less anx-
ious than others that it shall be. I have no motivo
for wishing to conceal anything whatever coni^cted
with the transaction, and will bo pleased to have the
most searching investigation possible made.
Very truly your friend, 0. II. BROWNING.
Hon.- R. P. Spai.ding,
Howie of HepretetUatives, Washington, D. C.
Mr. COVODE. I think this letter should
satisfy every gentleman; and I call for the
previous question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me, not to discuss the question, but to
make a statement for the information of the
House.
Mr. COVODE. I will hear the gentleman's
statement.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, this is a
subject peculiarly within the jurisdiction of the
Committee for the District of Columbia; it
does not properly belong to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds. The bill for
the erection of a new jail in this District ori-
ginated in the last Congress with the Committee
for the District of Columbia; it was reported
to the House and passed. That bill appropri-
ated for-i the purpose, if I recollect aright,
$200,000 in the aggregate—one half to be paid
by the General Government and one half by
the District. This matter of alleged fraud in
connection with the letting of the contract
under that law of last session has been brought
before the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia of the Senate and the corresponding com-
mittee of this House. A few days ago the two
committees agreed to appoint a sub-committee
to investigate this matter. The sub-committee,
after investigating the charges of fraud or vio-
lation of the terms of the law, agreed in favor
of reporting to the Senate a joint resolution
suspending further work or the payment of any
money under the existing contract. That joint
resolution has been passed by the Senate, and
is, I believe, now on the Speaker's table. It
will accomplish every purpose which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania desires to accom-
plish, as it will operate as a suspension of the
entire contract.
In addition to that, sir, the Committee for
the District of Columbia propose to investigate
this subject, as they have the matter before
them by resolution already. The committee
has already undertaken to examine the ques-
tion of fraud and of the site of this jail. The
location is said to be a bad one, and in some
1 respects an offensive one. They propose to
! pat a stop to all further proceedings in con-
j nection with the erection of this jail by asking
; the House to pass the resolution which has
come from the Senate.
The only reason I object to the resolution of
' the gentleman from Pennsylvania being acted
' on now is that it will take the matter out of the
; hands of the committee for the District of
! Colu mbia, which has charge of the matter at this
' time, and proposes to pursue the examination.
Mr. COVODE. The resolution which has
been passed by the Senate makes no provision
for an investigation, but merely directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay no money for
forty days. I made a motion to take that res-
olution from the Speaker's tpble, but it was
objected to. My resolution provides for stop-
ping the whole thing until we know whether
there has been any fraud in the matter. If
there has been any fraud I want it exposed.
The resolution of the Senate does not go far
enough. I now demand the previous question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I appeal to the gentle-
man to take the resolution up now.
Mr. COVODE. I did ask to take it up once,
and it was objected to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take it up.
Mr. COVODE. I ask for the previous
question on my resolution first.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the pending resolu-
tion be voted down I give notice that I shall
ask to take up the resolution from the Senate.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
29, noes 31: no quorum, voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Covode and Mr. Ingersoll.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 45, noes 30.
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative to
make a quorum. .
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. COVODE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN KELLY.
Mr. RANDALL, by unanimous consent,
presented the petition of John Kelly, of Phil-
adelphia, Pennsylvania, late private company
H sixty-seventh regiment Pennsylvania volun-
teers, for pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
internal revenue receipts.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the House, the report of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue relative to the
amount received in the different collection dis-
tricts of the United States from distilled spirits
for the fiscal years since 1802; "Xhich were
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
COLONEL H. D. WlilSENFELS.
On motion of Mr. NIBLACK, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of the
House of the papers in the case of Colonel H.
D. Weisenfels.
jail in the district again.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take up the Senate resolution relating
to the new jail in this District.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
object if it is to come out of the morning hour.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 ask, then, that the
House relieve the Committee for the District
of Columbia from all connection with this sub-
ject, and it be transferred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. CARY moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
clerks to committees.
Mr. MIJRCUR. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Southern Railroads to report the
following resolution, and ask for its adoption:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives be, and is hereby, authorized to pay F. B.
Meigs, clerk of the select Committee on Southern
Railroads, the usual allowance for one month's ser-
vice rendered said committee: Provided, No further
allowance for clerk hire to this committee shall be
allowed.
Mr. Speaker, I will state for the information
of the House that the Committee on Southern
Railroads was first raised in the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, and was allowed a clerk. Subse-
quently it was revived during the Fortieth Con-
gress, and Mr. Meigs, who had. acted as clerk
during the Thirty-Ninth Congress, was retained
by the committee during the Fortieth Congress;
but under the resolution under which it was
revived the Clerk of the House is not clear he
has authority to pay the clerk. This clerk has
served one month or more. The business of
the committee is about to close so far as the
taking of testimony is concerned, and I have
been instructed by that committee to ask for
the passage of this resolution, that this clerk
shall be paid for one month's service which he
has rendered. They propose to employ a clerk
no longer.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand this clerk
has served more than one month.
Mr. MERCUR. Something more than a
month, but he is satisfied to receive compen-
sation for one month.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am very well acquainted
with this young man wbo has acted as clerk of
this committee. I suppose from his modest
and unassuming nature—and when I say that
I mean it—he would be satisfied, at least make
no complaint, whatever was done, and if noth-
ing were done we would hear no grumbling.
I think we ought to pay him for services
actually rendered. He was employed during
the Thirty-Ninth Congress under the reso-
lntion of the House which created the commit-
tee. We who were on that committee knovr
that he rendered faithful, valuable, and efficient
service and greatly facilitated the labors of
the committee. I know no good reason why
he should not be paid for the services he has
actually rendered. I understand he supposed
this resolution was to pay him for services
actually rendered, and I therefore move to
amend the resolution so it shall so provide.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
that amendment will not be allowed to come
in. The resolution pays hitn all he asks.
Mr. MERCUR. The clerk only asked for
the resolution in the form presented. I cheer-
fully bear testimony to his faithfulness, indus-
try, and ability. He has made a most excel-
lent^ clerk. I do not know precisely the length
of time he has rendered service during the
present Oongress, but it is something over a
month. I think the resolution would not only
be satisfactory to the feelings of the committee,
but under the circumstances perhaps just and
proper. I call for the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. Rather than hazard the
resolution I will withdraw my amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. MERCUR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
