1698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
ter which cannot be disputed assumes the
whole controversy. If it was admitted by
every member of the Senate that the honor-
able member from Ohio had a right to be
sworn there would be no question before the
Senate. Some of the members of the Senate
think that, for reasons stated in the debate yes-
terday, he has no right to be sworn as a mem-
ber of this court Whether it is in order to
make that objection necessarily involves the
question whether he has a right to be sworn.
I_ do not see that there can be any other ques-
tion discussed upon the question of order
raised by the honorable member from Michi-
gan but the question whether the honorable
member from Ohio has under the Constitution
a right to be sworn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for the reading
of the point of order.
1 he Secretary again read the point of order
submitted by Mr. Howard.
Mr. DIXON. I think I shall be able to
discuss that question of order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. All that I desired to
say was this, that the discussion 
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from In-
diana will allow me one word, I desire to call
his attention to the twenty-thiid rule that we
have adopted. Possibly it may have escaped
his attention:
'All orders and decisions shall be inndoimdhadby
yeas and nays, which shall bo entered on tho record,
and without debate."
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
will permit me to make a suggestion upon the
effect of that rule. I was aware of the exist-
ence of the twenty-third rule, but that goes into
force only after we have become a court. The
question now is as to the manner in which we
are to organize ourselves as a court. After we
are organized all questions of order are. by
force of the twenty-third rule, to be decided
without debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask the
Senator from Maryland if there is any doubt
of the power of the Senate to prescribe the
mode and manner of organizing the court pre-
liminary to the final organization? There can
be no doubt ot it. The last clause of the third
rule adopted by us the other day provides
that—
Before proceeding to the consideration of the
articles of impeachment the presiding? officer shall
administer the oath hereinafter provided to tho mem-
bers ot the Senate then present, and to the other
members of the Senate as they shall appear.''
Isow, I will ask any Senator whether another
Senator may stop the execution of this im-
perative order of the Senate while it is going
on, and give rise to a long debate when the
presiding officer, in obedience to this rule, is
executing the order of the Senate. He might
just as well stop the calling of the roll when
the yeas and nays were being taken upon a
motion and begin a discussion upon the right
of a Senator to vote on a pending motion as
to stop the execution of this order of the Sen-
ate while the presiding officer, in pui'Suance
of tho rule, is executing it. It cannot be done.
The presiding officer is bound to execute the
ruleof the Senate in the ordinary way. Nothin0-
ean interrupt the execution of the order when
once adopted.
Mr. DIXON. With the consent of the Sen-
ate I propose now—if the honorable Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman'] calls me to order
I can proceed only by consent—to discuss this
question as a question of order, under the Con-
stitution of the United States and the rules
of this body, as specified in the written state-
ment of the question of order, as made by the
Senator from Michigan. Before proceeding
I will request the Secretary to read the point
of order once more. I wish to know precisely
what I may be permitted to say.
The Secretary read as follows :
That the objection raised to administering the
oatti to Air. Wade is out of older, and that the mo-
tion ot the feenuter from Maryland, to postpone the
administering of the oath to Mr. Wade until other
benators are sworn, is also out of order, under tho
rules adopted by the Senate on tho 2d of March
instant, and under tho Constitution of the United
Mr. DIXON. The question presented by
the point of order is whether, uuder the Con-
stitution 
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator calls me to
order I will yield.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, I call the Senator
from Connecticut to order, and ask the Chair
if it be in order now to take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair?
Mr. DIXON. I submit that is not such a
question of order as the Senator has a right to
raise. The only question of order that he can
now raise upon me is that I am out of order.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; I raise that
question distinctly.
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator claims that I
am out of order he can call me to order.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 call the Senator to order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Connecticut is called to order, and will take
his seat until the point of order is stated.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the twenty-
third rule, adopted by the Senate on tho 2d of
March, declares that—
"All tho orders and decisions "—
Of course, decisions of the Senate—
"shnll bo made and had by yeas and nays, which
shall bo entered on tho record, and without debate,
except when the doors shall be closed for delibera-
tion, and in that case no member &hall speak," &c.
The Senator from Connecticut, in defiance,
as I think, of this rule, persists in his right to
address tho Senate and discuss the question of
order. I hold that to be out of order, and
upon that cjuestion I ask a ruling.
Mr. DIXON. I respectfully submit that an
appeal is debatable.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chair will
decide the point of order. This point of order
is not debatable. The twenty-third rule is a
rule for the proceeding of the Senate when
organized for the trial of an impeachment. It
is not yet organized ; and in the opinion of the
Chair the twenty-third rale does not apply at
present.
Mr. DRAKE. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair on that point.
I he CHIEF J UST1CE. The Senatorfrom
Missouri appeals from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not feel disposed to
argue the question at this time, consuming
time upon it. I take the appeal and ask for a
decision upon it by the Senate, if we are in a
condition to decide anything until all the Sen-
ators are sworn.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Under the general
rules of the Senate, as the Chair understands,
an appeal being taken from the decision of the
Chair, it must be decided without debate.
Mr. GRIMES. Oli, no ; it is debatable.
I he CHIEF J US 1TCE. The Chair ruled
that an appeal taken must be decided without
debate under an erroneous impression as to the
rules of the Senate. Every appeal taken from
the decision of the Chair on a question of or-
der is debatable, and this mast necessarily be
debatable. ["Question!" "Question 1"] Sen-
ators, are you ready for the question? The
question is, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate? andnpon
that question the yeas and nays will be called.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the yeas and
nays are not called for.
Mr. GRIMES. They must be called.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Why? On
what rule ?
Mr. GRIMES. On some rule of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are not always
taken, necessarily.
Several Senators. Call the roll.
Mr. POMEROY. The point of order is not
understood. I do not know what we are to
vote upon. I do not understand the point of
order of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
I he CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chair decides
that the twenty-third rule is not applicable to
the proceedings of the Senate when in process
of organization for the trial of an impeach-
ment. From that decision the Senator from
Missouri appeals. The yeas and nays are not
demanded.
Mr. FERRY. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. The form of the question,
if I understand it, is, Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the Senate?
The CHIEF J USTICE. As many Senators
as are of opinion that the decision of the Chair
shall stand as the judgment of the Senate will,
when their names are called, answer " yea
as many as are of the contrary opinion will
answer "nay." The Secretary will call the
roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 20; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Corbett, Da-
vis, Dixon, Fessenden. Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes.
Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson. McCreery, Morrill
of Maine, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy,
Ko«s, Saulsbury, Sherman. Sprague, Van Winkle,
VV Uley, and H illiams—24.
NA"YS—Messrs. Cnmeron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole.
Conkling. Conness, Brake, Ferry, Harlan, Howard,
Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wilson, and Yates—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cragin, Doolittle, Ed-
munds, Howe, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ram-
sey, Trumbull, and Wade—9.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. On this question
the yeas are 2-1 and the nays are 20; so the
decision of the Chair stands as the judgment
of the Senate. [Manifestations of applause
in the galleries.] Order! order!
Mr. DIXON. Perhaps it will not be im-
proper lor me to say, with the consent of the
Senate, that it was my intention to speak very
briefly and in good faith to the question before
the Senate. I have not come here to delay
proceedings ; I have not come here to violate
the rules ; and I propose now, so far as I can,
to confine myself to the proprieties of discus-
sion in attempting to show that under the
Constitution and the rules of this body, as ex-
pressed in the questions of order, it is not
proper for the Presiding Officer of this body
pro tempore to be sworn in as a judge in this
case.
When interrupted I was saying that in the
event of the conviction of the President of the
United States upon the charges brought against
him, and his removal from office, there was a
direct, apparent interest in the Senator from
Ohio, the President pro tempore for the time
being of this body, which rendered it improper
for him to act as a judge. In saying that I
beg leave to say, in the first place, that I am
not unmindful of the high character of that
Senator. I acknowledge most cheerfully that
he is as much raised above the imperfections
I and the frailties of this weak, depraved, cor-
rupt human nature of ours as any member of
this body.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise to a question of
order.
Ihe CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senatorfrom
California rises to a question of order. He
will state the question of order.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand the decision
of the Chair to be, that under the general rules
of the Senate the Senator from Connecticut
must confine his discussion to the question be-
fore us. I submit that a discussion of the per-
sonal qualifications or qualities of the Senator
from Ohio forms no part of such an argument;
and I ask tiie Chair that the Senator, if he
proceed, shall be confined within the limit
prescribed by the decision of the Chair.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chair re-
quired the Senator from Connecticut to pro-
ceed in accordance with the rales, confining"
himself strictly to the point of order raised by
the motion uf the Senator from Michigan. But
the Chair is greatly embarrassed when he at-
tempts to ascertain the precise scope of debate
to he indulged upon the point of order which
is taken. He is therefore not prepared to state
that the Senator from Connecticut is out of
order.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, I thought
that I could, without violating the rules of this
body, do justice to myself so far as to disavow
