2722
THE COjNGKBSSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
May SO,
I want citizenship and suffrage to be synony-
mous. To put the question beyond the power
of States to withhold it, I propose the amend-
ment to article fourteen, now submitted.
A large number of Republicans who concede
that the qualifications of an elector ought to
be the same in every State, and that it is more
properly a national than a State question, do
not believe Congress has the power under our
present Constitution to enact a law conferring
suffrage in the States, nevertheless they are
ready and willing to vote for such an amend-
ment to the Constitution as shall make citizen-
ship and suffrage uniform throughout the nation.
For this purpose I have added to the pro-
posed amendment for the election of President
a section on suffrage, to which I invite special
attention.
This is the third or fourth time I have brought
forward a proposition on suffrage substantially
like the one just presented to the House. I do
so again because I believe the question of citi-
zenship suffrage a question which ought to bo
met and settled now. Important and all-ab-
sorbing as many questions are which now press
themselves upon our consideration, to me no
question is so vitally importan t as this. Tariffs,
taxation, and finance ought not to be permitted
to supersede a question affecting the peace and
personal security of every citizen, and, I may
add, the peace and security of the nation.
No party can be justified in withholding the
ballot from any citizen of mature years, native
Or foreign born, except such as are non compos
or are guilty of infamous crimes; nor can they
justly confer this great privilege upon one class
- of citizens to the exclusion of another class
simply because one is white and the otherblack.
True democracy pleads for the equal rights
of all men before the law. It demands the
ballot for every man,'because, under a Gov-
ernment such as ours, the ballot is the poor
man's weapon of protection and defense. It
gives him dignity and power; it recognizes his
manhood and secures him justice ; it makes
the Government his agent instead of his master.
We all know from experience something of the
educational influence and self-protecting power
of the ballot.
It quickens and expands the thoughts of
men and enables them the better to compre-
hend their own interests and the higher and
more important interests of the State. To se-
cure this self-educating, self-protecting power
to all, I again press upon your consideration
this amendment. Its adoption will make the
national Constitution what it ought to be, the
shield of every citizen, so that no State may
ever again deprive him, without just cause, of
this highest privilege of American citizenship ;
so that hereafter, if a citizen remove from one
Slate into another, he shall not on that account
be deprived^ by State law of the ballot and be
treated in his own county as an alien.
Pass this amendment, and we shall conform
our national Constitution to our new condition
as a nation. We will thereby place in the
hands ot each citizen a new power for its pres-
ervation, so that we shall become, in fact, one
people,, living under a common Constitution,
which is the outgrowth of civilization, expe-
rience,, and. necessity; a Constitution which
recognizes justice as the supreme law and re-
flects the convictions and aspirations of a free
and united people. To this proposition, so
long cherished and believed by me to be for
the best interest of my country, I invoke the
considerate judgment of all men and an im-
partial verdict at the bar of public opinion.
FINANCES.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Chairman, while it is
an admitted fact that in all free governments
political parties holding opposite views will
exist, yet it is also a fact well established by the
history of nations that free institutions have
been invariably overturned by the madness of
partisan spirit. I am one of those who have
ever believed, nay, I will say more, I know that
the great body of the American people are honest
and patriotic, but while such is the undoubted
fact, we have seen them at times carried away
by the delirium of passion, and hurried for-
ward, not only to their country's peril, but
to their own detriment as individual citizens.
Eight years ago, Mr. Chairman, we were the
most happy and prosperous people on earth.
To-day our deplorable condition causes us to
take rank among the most wretched of the civil-
ized nations. Eight years ago the Federal
Government was free from debt. To-day our
aggregate debt is greater than that of any other
nation. Eight years ago our taxes were lighter
than those of any other people—to-day they
are more oppressive than those of any other
country. Eight years ago our commerce
covered every sea, and our manufactures com-
peted with those of Europe in all the marts of
the civilized world. While we are told by the
Special Commissioner of Revenue ill his
report of December, 18GG, that—
" The foreign commerce of theUni ted States is being,
as it were, swept from the ocean; and it is reported to
the Commissioner, by experienced ship-owners of
New York, that 110 voyage by an American vessel
can be planned at the present time from tho United
States to any foreign port with a reasonable expect-
ation of profit."
The Commissioner goes on to say—
" A reference to the official returns shows tlie amount
of American registered tonnage engaged in foreign
trade in 1855-50 to have been but 0110 million and a
half tons as compared with two and a half million
tons in 1859-60, which, allowing for the difference for
theold and now measurements, indicates adecrease in
five yeais of over fifty per cent. In 1S53 tho tonnage
of the United States wns about fifteen percent, in
excess of that of Great Britain, while at the prosent
time it is estimated at thirty-three per cent, loss."
Mr. Chairman, less than eight years ago the
greatDemocratic party surrendered the custody
of the Federal Government into the hands of
the same sectional organization which is now
ruling and ruining our country. And within
that period the angel of death and desolation
has been abroad in the land, causing a feast of
blood, a carnival of hell.
My honorable colleague, who has just taken
his seat, [Mr. Ashley,] referred to the fact
that, for twenty-five years prior to the incoming
of Mr. Lincoln's administration the Demo-
cratic party had been in power. That is true,
sir ; and what was the result? Peace within
our borders, our nation respected abroad, the
Federal Government free from debt, and the
people free from the accursed burden of an
odious and detestible system of taxation.
Mr. Chairman, in considering the history of
the British nation, and in contemplating the
growth of the English debt I have been forci-
bly struck with this startling fact, thatthe peo-
ple of the United States, the citizens of this
Republic, have in the short space of eight
years made a greater debt than was created in
Great Britain in a period of more than two
hundred years. And, sir, who is responsible
for this debt? By whom has the Government
been administered? Who has had charge of
its financial affairs? With an overwhelming
majority, not only in the Federal Legislature,
but in every State government, I charge that the
Republican party is wholly and entirely respon-
sible for all the evils which now curse and aiHict
our land.
But I may bo told, " You forget thatwe have
just emerged from a great war, and the war
required a vast revenue to carry it 011." No,
sir, I remember that; I knowit well. Butisthat
the only war the country has evergone through ?
Why, sir, during the period that the Demo-
cratic party was in power we had several great
wars ; we had the war of 1812 ; we had thirty
years of Indian wars; we had two years' war
with Mexico, when we had to send our Army
two thousand miles away from their homes,
battling in a foreign clime beneath a foreign
sun, and against an enemy who outnumbered
our forces more than ten to one. And while
under a Republican administration in one year
of war eight hundred million dollars were
expended, during our war with Mexico the
largest expenditure that was made in one year
for the Army and Navy and civil list was only
seventy-two million dollars.
Sir, it is a fact recognized by all intelligent
men in this country, and which will riot be here
disputed or elsewhere doubted, that of the
enormous debt that now afflicts the country at
least one half has been the result of robbery and
peculation. Now, if there is any gentleman upon
the opposite side who doubts what I am about
to say, I wish him to say so now. I charge
that the aggregate debt of the United States
to-day amounts to six thousand five hundred
million dollars!
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. As the state-
ment of the amount of the debt of the United
States made by my colleague is vastly larger
than that stated by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, I would be glad to know of him how he
makes up his statement, of the debt?
Mr. MORGAN. I thank my colleague for
his question. The debt reported by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is the liquidated, the
audited debt of the country. The liquidated
debt of the country amounts to two thousand
five hundred millions, while the floating debt,
and the gentleman will not deny that, amounts
to four thousand million dollars.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. That last re-
mark of my colleague might be misunderstood.
Ho says I will not deny that. I must say that
I think he is entirely mistaken, unless he takes
into the estimate as a partof the debt the value
of the slaves emancipated in all the southern
States, and unless he proceeds upon the idea
that that is a valid debt which we are to pay.
Mr. MORGAN. I am glad that my colleague
has again taken the floor; but he is mistaken.
When I say the floating debt is four thousand
million dollars I do not embrace in the esti-
mate the former value of the freed slaves.
But I charge this, that the outstanding claims
which constitute the floating debt of this Gov-
ernment amount to four thousand million dol-
lars. And I regret that the honorable chairman
of the Committee of Claims of this Congress
[Mr. Bingham] is not present to confirm what
I say. As the honorable gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrence] seems to doubt thecorrectness
of my statement, and as the present chairman
of the Committee of Claims is not here to con-
firm it, I call the attention of the honorable
gentleman to the statement made by the chair-
man of the Committee of Claims of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, Hon. Columbus Delano, now
of my district. I send it to the Clerk to be
read, pages 2189 and 2190 of Congressional
Globe, first session Thirty-Ninth Congress.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Speaker, I know very well that there are
reasons why these considerations should be expressed.
Our nation now groans with the weight of public
debt and ncccpsar.v taxation, and our credit musl bo
maintained. I know that there are now floatin"
IuSSSl this "ati°n not less in amount tlnm
44.UU0,000,000, according to my estimate; and these
claims, it aumitted at all, will never be settled with
less than $2,000,000,000. X do not believe thev will bo
settled lor that." ***■■***«
_ Mr. Boutwkll. "W ill the gentleman let me ask
him a question ?
*]Alr. Dkl4.no, Certainly, sir.
Mr. Boutwell. I would ask the gentleman
whether, when he refers to this floating debt which
without an expenditure* of *2,-
000,000,000, he reters to claims that may be brought
in ^1C el_9ven States lately in rebellion
Mr. Delano. 1 reter only to claims of loyal
persons.
Mr. Boutwell. I would ask hira "whether he
includes claims that may be brought by per. in
xcn recently in rebellion ?
Mr. Delano. I refer to such claims as will be
made by loyal people in all the States, and none
others, vV hen 1 say that it will take £2,000,000,000.
luo it on the assumption that we shall compound
these claims m some manner without bottling up to
the lull amount.
■Mr. BoimvrLL. Is that to be one of the effects of
reconstruction ?
TO;nMh-^E*\N(V 1 did not say so; but the nation
will ultimately have to meet this question and seUlo
li in some lorm, either by compounding or refusing
to pay it. I do not know that it will necessarily fol-
Jow reconstruction. I have not got that disease upon
the brain.
Mr. Boutwell, Nor upon the heart either.*'
Mr. MORGAN. It will be observed, Mr.
Chairman, that Mr. Delano, the chairman of
the Committee of Claims of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, with a better opportunity, perhaps,
than any other citizen of the Republic to know
what really was the amount of the public debt,
alter due investigation in his official capacity
