1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Clarke.
Ho. of Reps.
exhaust the whole vocabulary of Bilingsgate
to show their contempt for him. I have
listened to their denunciations with pain and
mortification.
Mr. Speaker, why is this terrible excite-
ment ? Look at this vast multitude of excited
men and women, as the lobbies groan with
their weight of moving, interested spectators.
Cast your eye over the trembling corridors of
this vast Capitol, every niche and corner from
turret to foundation-stones pressed by the foot
of an excited people. The very wires of the
telegraph corps fairly tremble with the elec-
tricity which flashes to all parts of this grand
liepublic the terrible information of the awful
tragedy which is being perpetrated in the name
of liberty—the impeachment of the President
of the United States for high crimes and
misdemeanors. Surely this man must be a
great moral monster. He must have betrayed
a generous and confiding people into the hands
of a foreign Government, or he must have
Squandered the whole estate of that Govern-
ment, or have brought down upon us war,
famine, or pestilence, or surely this grand
menagerie of howling patriots would not call
him traitor, culprit, criminal, &c. Alas! no;
nothing of that sort. Well, then, he has
surely transferred the Government of the Uni-
ted States to the rebels, who, with bloody
hands, are again wending their way to the
capital to take possession of and destroy this
vast Republic. No, sir. What has ho done,
then? Speak it, in God's name. Has he in-
augurated civil war among us and shed the
blood of our people to congregate the .Repub-
lic's widows and orphans once more around
graves wet with tears and slippery with human
gore? No, sir; nothing of all this. He has
been guilty of the folly of interpreting the
Constitution of his country for himself under
his solemn oath to protect and defend it.
The whole truth is that Andrew Johnson is
a law-abiding man, and holds to the Constitu-
tion as the only bulwark of liberty and safety,
and under its solemn and great teachings he
lias resisted the oppression of the congressional
majority, some ot whose leaders proclaim most
unblushingly that their acts are not to be lim-
ited by such law, but exists by the divine right
■or their own self-will, incited to madness by
the handwriting on the wall, indicating most
unmistakably their approaching destruction.
In their reconstruction policy their primary
object is avowed negro supremacy, to be man-
aged by military despotism at the expense of
the General Government and in the interest
of their own perpetuation in power. The
impeachment outrage is but the "stop thief"
cry to divert attention from themselves, the
true criminals. They abused Mr. Johnson with
fiend-like denunciation for removing some of
the military satraps. They have called him
every hard name but Democrat, and they even
have the audacity to threaten that. They have
vised the great name and popularity of Gen-
eral Grant with which to assail the President.
They have involved the name of Grant into, to
say the least of it, a questionable statement of
veracity with the President, and they howled
with rage and disappointment when the Presi-
dent with calm dignity defended himself and
"carried the war into Africa" by backing up
his statements by his entire Cabinet to the con-
sternation of General Grant and his corps of
manipulators and wire-workers.
In my judgment this whole impeachment
movement is a trump card, in the hope that
they could provoke the President to some mili-
tary resistance, that they might cry, " Rebel,"
"And let slip the dogs of war/'
and cry "Havoc," and all this regardless of
its eifectupon the life, property, and happiness
of the great American people.
In proof of this theory just take a look at
the honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Fauns worth, ] who makes himself facetiously
happy, though unhappily facetious, over the
oft-repeated and stale alias of rebel' and Dem-
ocrat ; and, in blissful memory, doubtless, of
his own chivalry in the late war, notifies the
country, by inference at least, of his readiness
to fight again and of his contempt of his enemy
by the very tasteful announcement that he had
about fourteen thousand majority in his dis-
trict (popular General Farnsworth 1) and that
each one could whip two rebels or secession
Democrats. "Talking is cheap " these times
of political knighthood.
The notorious and distinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] now appears
for the purpose of political pirouetting, and
in his usual rich, deep-toned, sounding style
deals around the obloquy of rebels, criminal,
usurper, &c., and the very significant idea,
covert though it was, yet implied, if not in-
tended, "Lincoln was murdered, and other
distinguished patriots maybe," and followed
by "it is known that men ascend to power
over bloody steps, and that they may do it in
this country, and yet be tolerated." Mr.
Speaker, there are two prominent ideas and
insinuations in these extracts with which to
beslime the fair name of Andrew Johnson, one
at least of which we have heard only hinted at
before. Onethat Johnson had complicity with
Mr. Lincoln's murder; the other that he might
procure the death of other distinguished pa-
triots. Can political malice or personal ma-
lignity go further? Truly have we fallen on
evil times when our rulers can thus be arraigned
of such crimes as murder unsupported by the
least shadow of a shade of foundation.
" Faith, frantic faith, once wedded to a dear false-
hood hugs it to the last."
Last though not least comes our gallant and
distinguished friend from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
who boils the political caldron to fever heat,
and exposes in patriotic fervor, and though not
calling the President coward in addition to
the oft-alluded-to hard names pronounced by
others, yet by in1 uendo and manner—
44 Learning to lie in silence
Would seem wise,
And without utterance
Save the shrug or sighs;
Deal round to hapless fools
Its speochless obloquy."
The eloquent gentleman, after stating that
nobody would follow the lead of Johnson, for
he would desert them in a week, very satisfac-
torily and complacently stands him up with a
bold front for the satisfaction, seemingly, of
demolishing him. Well they meet in battle
array, and I can almost hear the warning words
of Scotland's minstrel:
" Til fared it then with Roderick Dim
That on the field his targo ho threw
and I hope I may be pardoned, Mr. Speaker,
for the thought, that in this conflict a wonder-
ful similarity can bo traced iu the late of this
challenger as in that.
Mr. Speaker, inasmuch as the "so-called"
Secretary of War, Mr. Edwin M. Stanton, is
the immediate agent used by the impeachers,
and as his right to the place is a question of
important consideration, I beg to append here-
with a copy of the only authority Mr. Stanton
ever had, and that is distinctly announced by
President Lincoln as " during the pleasure of
the President of the United States for the time
being." Mr. Lincoln claimed the right while
living to remove and retain at will, and died
with it unchallenged. Air. Johnson has done
no more, and lo, what a criminal! Impeach-
ment and degradation is to be his punishment.
Will the reflecting people of the United States
approve of it?
Abraham lAncoln, President of the TJnitcl Stntrnt: to
all who may see these prevents, greeting:
"Know you that reposing special trust and confi-
dence in the patriotism, integrity, and :i.lnUty of
Edwin M. Stanton, I h'ive named, hy and with tho
advico and consent of the Senate, and appoint him
to be Secretary ot War for the United States, and do
authorize and empower him to execute and h'.IIUl the
duties of that office according to law. and tohaveand
to hold the said office and all the powers, privileges,
and emoluments to the same of right appertain-
ing unto him, the said Edwin M. Staidon, arid during
the pleasure of the President of the United States
for the time being.
In testimony whereof, I have executed these fetters to
be made patent Mid the seal of the United States
to bo hereunto affixed. Given under my hand, At
the city of Washington, the lyth'day of January,
in the year of our Lord 1882, and of tho Independ-
ence of the United States of Ameritea, the eighty-
sixth. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
By the President:
Willi am H. Seward, Secretary of State.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. R. W. CLAEKE,
OF OHIO,
In the House op Representatives,
February 24, 1868,
On the resolutions reported by the Committee on
Reconstruction for the impeachment of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
rejoice that in the midst of so great excitement,
produced by the most insulting usurpations of
the President, that law is still supreme, and
that order still reigns here and throughout the
country. The lawless and defiant spirit of
President Johnson, manifested in his recent
violations of law and duty, indicate the animus
that has for two years past borne him onward
in his career of crime to the astonishment of
everybody. If Washington had been Paris this
morning would have found Andrew Johnson a
fugitive, fleeing from an infuriated populace, or
hanging upon a lamp-post in front of his man-
sion. For offenses no greater than his the
slow but determined English seized upon their
sovereign without law, organized a revolution-
ary tribunal, put him upon trial, adjudged li'.m
guilty, and cut off his head. For much less
offense than is charged against President John-
son the French people dragged a Bourbon
king from his throne to the guillotine without
waiting for the slow process of law, and with-
out taking the time to inquire into the guilt
of the unfortunate monarch who had fallen
under the ban of popular opinion, which was
only appeased with his blood.
But, sir, in this country, happily for our peace
and honorable to the force and power of the
law-abiding sentiment that ever stands out
prominent with our people in the midst of the
most trying crisis, the law is still supreme.
Two years have we been witnesses of the most
flagiaut and insulting violations of the Consti-
tution and laws by the President; usurpations
of power the most arrogant and defiant, and by
a man who attained to the high office he has so
long abused and degraded by the assassination
of one who, by his many virtues, had become
the idol of the people, and of whose blood the
public judgment has not wholly acquitted the
man who, of all others, was most benefited by
its being shed. Still, sir, all is order ; though
the provocation is great, and the great national
heart is deeply moved, yet the forms of justice
and the great bulwark of law stand firm and
unimpaired, and all the protection that the most
favored of the nation could demand is ac-
corded to the accused President; and, if inno-
cent of the crimes alleged against him, his hon-
orable and speedy deliverance is beyond all
question ; but if found guilty, as by the proof
shall be shown upon full and fair public trial,
as the Constitution and laws prescribe in such
case, then let justice be done, though the heav-
ens fall.
Who is Andrew Johnson, who when solemnly
charged in all due foim with high crimes and
misdemeanors of the greatest magnitude, re-
peating them daily, and thereby involving the
liberty and lives of thousands of the loyal peo-
ple of the country, yet ho shall not be sub-
| jected, as any other malefactor, to public accu-
! sation in due form and to a fair ana impartial
1 trial, and, if proved guilty, to receive the just
: puniplmieut awarded to his crimes?
| o one requires his ccnviction except upon
1 full proof of guilt, and, if guilty, who so dis-
