1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I69i
any personal objection to tlie honorable Sena-
tor whose taking the oath has been objected to.
I could not conceive that such a statement
from me, under the circumstances, could be
considered by the Senator from California or
by any Senator as being an infringement of the
rules of order.
Now, Mr. President, what is the question
before this body? Is the Senator from Ohio
so interested in the result of this trial that he
cannot properly, under the Constitution and
under the rules, be sworn in as a member of
the tribunal? That is the question to which I
propose to address myself. If the Chair shall
inform me that I have no right to discuss it, I
shall, of course, not proceed with my remarks.
I was speaking of the nature of the inter-
est and of its effect upon any human mind.
Now, sir, may I be permitted to ask this tri-
bunal what is this interest ? What is the
question which is to be presented to the Sen-
ator from Ohio as a judge, and to all of us?
If any advantage or profit is to accrue to that
honorable Senator by any vote he may give
in this body, what is it? What is the nature
of the interest? The Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumner] has spoken of it as of a
very slight character, a very slight degree of
interest, a matter of trifling consequence. Sir,
if any advantage is to accrue to this honorable
Senator, it is that which he is to receive in a
certain event which may be influenced by his
vote. It is nothing less than the high office
of President of the United States, the highest
object in this country, and perhaps in the
world, of human ambition ; an object of ambi-
tion which the very highest in the land may
properly and laudably aspire to.
Mr. STEWART. I call the Senator from
Connecticut to order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Nevada calls the Senator from Connecticut to
order.
Mr. STEWART. It is not in order to dis-
cuss the main question as to whether the
Senator from Ohio is entitled to sit in these
proceedings. Nothing further than this can
be in order, as I understand the ruling of the
Chair: to discuss the point whether now j* the
time to decide the question.
The point of order submitted by the Senator
from Michigan is, that this is not the time to
dispose of the question whether the Senator
from Ohio shall sit in our deliberations on the
question of impeachment. Certainly it does
not involve the main question. It only involves
the question of whether this is the time to dis-
pose of the main question. My point of order
is, that the Senator from Connecticut is dis-
cussing the main question and not the ques-
tion of determining that point at this time.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chair has
already said that it is very difficult to determine
the precise limits of debate upon the point of
order taken by the Senator from Michigan.
The first clause of the point of order is, " that
the objection raised to the administering of the
oath to Mr. Wade is out of order;" that is
the objection raised by the Senator from Indi-
ana is out of order. The nature of that objec-
tion and the validity of that objection, as the
Chair conceives, must necessarily become the
subjects of debate in order to the determina-
tion of the point of order. The Chair, there-
fore, repeats that he is unable now to decide
the Senator from Connecticut out of order.
Mr. DIXON. I was upon the question of
interest. The objection made to the honor-
able Senator from Ohio, as I understand it, is
that he is interested in the result of this decision.
It became necessary for me, therefore, to con-
sider what was his interest, and in order to
ascertain that it was necessary to consider
what was the advantage or disadvantage that
he was to receive or to avoid by the result of
his action. I was considering the question,
what is this office of the President of the Uni-
ted States, which is the matter in controversy?
I was saying that it was an object worthy of
the ambition of the highest and most distin-
guished Senators in this body or of the most
distinguished citizen of the United States, not
because of its dazzling surroundings, its vulgar
trappings; not because a man in that position
breathes the atmosphere of adulation, so dear
to human nature; not because he has an oppor-
tunity, which is still more dear to a generous
mind, of doing favors to his friends, or even
(which might be equally dear to men of igno-
ble character) punishing his enemies, but be-
cause it is a position in which the occupant of
this great office can do immense good to his
country; he may benefit the human race; he
may at this time imagine that he might restore
a dissevered and disunited country to prosper-
ity and to Union; and for that reason a man
of the very highest character and of the purest
motives might properly aspire to this lofty
position ; and I venture to say that with, that
motive operating upon a human mind it would
be nothing short of miraculous if he could be
impartial. Nothing short of the power of
Omnipotence, operating directly upon the hu-
man heart, could, under those circumstances,
make any human being impartial.
Then, sir, such being the interest, what is
the manner in which this subject is treated by
the Constitution of the United States? It may
be said that the objection does not come within
the letter of the Constitution. Nor am I here
to say that the Constitution of the United States
expressly prohibits 11 member of the Senate,
acting as Presiding Officer pro tempore, from
sitting as a judge in this or a similar case. I
am not prepared to say that there is within the
letter of the Constitution an express prohibi-
tion. But, sir, is it within the spirit of the
Constitution? I take it, we are here to act, not
merely upon the letter, but upon the spirit of that
instrument. I take it, at least, that when we are
under oath to act impartially, according to the
Constitution and the laws in a criminal proceed-
ing, the spirit of that Constitution and the
spirit of those laws are to govern our action.
What is the language of the Constitution on
this subject?
"Tho Vice President of tho United States shall be
President of the Senate, but shall have no vote un-
less they bo equally divided.
"Tho Senate shall choose their other officers, and
also a President pi-a tempore in the absence of the
Vice President, or when ho shall exerciso the office
of President of the United States.
"Tho Senate shall have the solo power to try all
impeachments. When sitting for that purpose they
shall be on oath or affirmation. When the President
of the United States is tried tho Chief Ju«tico shall
preside; and 110 person shall be convicted without tho
concurrence of two thirds of the members present.
"Judgment in cases of impeachment sha.!l not ex-
tend further than to removal from office and disquali-
fication to hold ami enjov any office of honor, trust,
or profit under tho United States," &c.
Now, sir, here is 110 provision in the Con-
stitution of tho United States that the acting
Vice President of the United States, the Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate, upon a trial
of this kind shall not vote. It seems to have
been, possibly, strictly speaking, an omitted
case. The provision is, that tho Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, under those .circum-
stances, shall not even give the casting vote
which he is entitled to give when the Senate is
equally divided. That is his sole power in this
body ; he can only give a casting vote ,- and
he cannot proceed to give a casting vote in a
trial of this kind. And why ? What was the
reason of that provision ? The reason of that
provision has already been discussed in this
body. The Senator from Massachusetts at-
tempted to explain it. Other Senators gave a
reason. It seems to me the reason is obvious.
It needs no explanation; and I might say,
further, that it is not the custom and the habit
of the Constitution to give reasons for its
provisions. The Senator from Massachusetts
says that the Constitution gives no reason for
this provision. The Constitution gives a rea-
son, I believe, for very few, if any, of its own
provisions. But in this case the reason was
so palpable, so manifest, that it was not neces-
sary, even in contemporaneous construction, to
give a reason for the provision. The l-eason
was perfectly plain. It was because there was
so direct an interest in the Vice President of
the United States that it was deemed improper
that he should act; or, in the language of the
present presiding officer of this body, the Chief
Justice of the United States :
" It was, doubtless, thought prudent and befitting
that the next in succession should not preside in
a proceeding through which a vacancy might be
created."
_ That undoubtedly was the reason of this pro-
vision. I have no doubt that the framers of
the Constitution went further back. They acted
upon principle. They knew that in the very
nature of things, in common justice, a man
could not be a judge in his own case. They
knew that the provisions of the common law
prohibited a man from being a judge in his
own case. They probably remembered what
has been said by one great commentator, (Black-
stone,) that the omnipotence of Parliament
was limited in this respect, and that body could
not make a man a judge in his own case.
Probably without that provision in the Con-
stitution the Vice President would have been
prevented from acting under those circum-
stances. The Constitution provides that the
two Houses may make rules for their own
action ; and the House of Representatives has
proceeded to make a rule that no member shall
cast a vote in which he is interested. This
body has not as yet made such a rule, I sup-
pose, because it was thought impossible that
any Senator should offer or attempt to vote in
a ease in which he himself was interested.
But, sir, this body has made particular rules
applying to particular cases; and when the
interest has arisen, this body has decided that
the party having that interest could not act, aa
in the case of Mr. Stockton, of New Jersey.
This being the constitutional provision with
regard to the Vice President of the United
States when he sits in that chair as the pre-
siding officer of this body, and the President
of the United States is tried for an offen.3"
which will deprive him of an office which will
fall by his removal upon the Vice President,
what is the character and meaning and spirit
of the Constitution in a case like that before
us? Why, sir, the reasons exist as strongly
in this case as in the other. If it would shock
humanity, if it would violate every feeling of
justice throughout the world, for a man to act
in his own case in the first instance, would it
not in the latter ? I happen to have before me
an extract from the speech delivered a few
days ago by the honorable Senator from New
York, [Mr. Coxkling. ] He gives in his own
forcible and striking language the reason for
the rule:
"The reason in the casoof the impeachment of the
President for calling in somo one to preside in lieu
of the Vice President is obvious. The Vice Presi-
dent, being next to the President in the line of suc-
cession, the impropriety of his doing anything in a
trial which, in one event, would result in his owa
advancement, is clear.
" Ifc ean hardly be said that such a case would be
provided for by calling somo Senator to tho chair,
because tho fact of a Senator being selected to pre-
side would tend in some degree to h'S advancement
also in ease of the conviction of tho President/'
And so careful, so particular, so scrupulous
was the honorable Senator from New York,
that it seemed to him that the reason of the
rule applied to any Senator called to the chair
of this body, being selected to preside, as that
would tend in some degree to his advancement
in the case of the conviction of the President.
He proceeds to say:
"A Senator made President of the Senate pro
tempore even during a trial of impcachmont might
expect to continue such President in tlie event of
the advancement of the regular Presiding Officer to
supersede the President of the United States. These
and other considerations of safety and dccorum indi-
cated tho propriety of going outside the Senate for
an officer to occupy tho chair when the President
should be brought to tho bar. and nothing could be
more natural or more dignified than to select the
head of one of the threo branches of tho Govern-
ment. Tho Chief Justice, being separated from both
the political departments of tho Government, was
deemed the person most fUti by reason not only
of his disinterestedness, but of his learning and the
great consideration of his position. These reasons
might well have suggested the propriety of asking
of the head of the bench that he should discharge,
upon a great and solemn occasion, duties with which
the highest subjects of England have ever been
invested."
It is impossible for me, in stronger language
