1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S15
Mr. BINGHAM. I am directed by the I
Committee 011 Reconstruction to report the ;
following resolution ; on which I demand the
previous question:
Itcw'vfl, That the Committee 011 Reconstruction
be authorised to employ a clerk to said committee,
to be paid the usual per diem for the timo he shall be
actually emploved.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Four dol-
lars per day.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well, I believe that
is it.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman to let me move an amendment to
include the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency. It is necessary for that committee to
have a clerk.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; I want every tub
to stand on its own bottom.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
40, noes -o: no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Bingham and Mr. Fox.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 00, noes 38.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MUNGEN moved that the House ad-
journ.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
34, noes 45; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Mungen and Mr. Allison.
■ Mr. MUNGEN withdrew his motion.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bing-
ham's resolution : and there were—yeas 50,
nays 44; not voting 94 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R.Ashley, James
31. Ashley. Beck, Benjamin, Bingham, Butler, Cobb,
L'oburn. Covode. Dixon, Donnelly. Driggs, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Higby. Hooper, Hopkins, Chester
D. Hnbbarcl, Ineersoll. Judd, Julian, Loan, Lo-
gan, Lynch. Mallory, McC'lurfc, Mercur, Mooro,
Moorhead, Morrell, Myers, O'Neill, Paine, Peters,
Plants, Pol?!ey, Price, Raum, Robinson, Sehenck,
Selyp. Smith, Stokes. Robert T. Van Horn, Cadwal-
cdei- C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn. Thomas
Williams, John T. Wilson, and Windom—50.
XAYS—Messrs. Adams. Allison, Archer, Axtell,
Baker. Baldwin, Barnes, Boyer, Gary, Chanler. Cul-
lom. Dawes, E^leston, Eldridge, Fox, Getz, (jolla-
d&v, Orover, Haivkins, Holman, Johnson, Jones,
Kerr, lvetcham, Knott, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
l;am Lawrence. Loughridge, Marshall, McCormiek,
MeCulloueh, Mungen. Niblnck, Nicholson, Ran-
dall, Robertson, Ro-s, Spalfling, Tabor. Van Auken,
JJnrt Van Horn, Ward, Elihu B. "Washburne, and
WiiHainB. Washburn—44.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Bailey,
Banks, Barnum, Beaman, Benton, Blaine, Blair,
Boutvrcll. Bromwell, Brooks, Broomall, Buckland,
Burr. Cake, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cook, Cornell, Dodge, Ecklcy, Ela, Eliot,
Ferry, Fields, Finney,Garfield, Glossbrenncr. Grave-
ly, Uri.-wold, Haight, Ilalsey, Hamilton. Harding,
Hill, Hotchkis", Asahel \V. Hubbard, Richard X).
Hubbard. Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Jenckes,
lielley, Kelsey, Kitchen, Koonti, Lafiin, Lincoln,
Marvin, Maynard. McCarthy, Miller, Morgan, Mor-
ri«sey, Mullins, -Ncwcomh, Nunn, Orth, Perham,
Plieips, Pike, Pile, Poland, Pomoroy, Pruyn, Saw-
yer, Scofield, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stewart, Stone, 1'affe, Taylor, Thomas, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernain, Van
Trump, Van Wyck, Welker. William Williams,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, Wood-
bridge, and W oodward—94.
The Speaker voted in the affirmative to
make a quorum.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now expired.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found duly enrolled a bill of the
House of the following title; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 161) to incorporate the
congregation of the First Presbyterian church
of Washington.
leave of absence.
Mr. KERB asked and obtained indefinite
leave of absence for his colleague, Mr. Nib-
lack, on account of ill health.
ORDER 01' BUSINESS
Mr. ROBINSON. Iask unanimous consent
to introduce a resolution requesting the Presi-
dent to interfere in the cases of two persons
named therein.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
ask the gentleman from New York [Mr. Rob-
15sox] to give way to me to call up the defi-
ciency appropriation bill. There is a positive
necessity that it should be passed at once, as
some three or four hundred men are depend-
ent upon it for their pay,
Mr. ROBINSON. I will not stand in the
way of that bill. But I desire to have this
resolution passed to-day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman can have an opportunity to offer his
resolution after the Senate amendments to
this bill have been disposed of.
Mr. ROBINSON. Very well.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker's
table the amendments of the Senate to House ;
bill No. 313, making partial appropriations to 1
supply deficiencies, &c.
Mr. ROSS and others objected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
move that the House now proceed to the con- !
sideration of business on the Speaker's table j
The motion was agreed to.
deficiency appropriation bill. j
The first business on the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to House :
bill No. 313, making partial appropriations to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1868.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the amendments of the Senate be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mi. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote last taken; and also moved that the !
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole 011 the state of the Union on the defi-
ciency appropriation bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is manifest that this bill
may as well be considered in the House as in
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ROSS. I think it had hctter be con-
sidered in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. RANDALL. It is too late now to con-
sider the bill in the House, because the motion
to reconsider the reference has been laid on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] is correct.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Cullom in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the amendments of the Sen-
ate to House bill No. 313, making partial appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government
for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1868.
The first amendment of the Senate was to
strike out all after the word "hereafter" in
line twenty-one, page 1, to the end of line
seven, page 2, as follows :
No member of either House of Congress shall be
allowed or paid for newspapers and stationery fbr
any one year a larger sum than $125 in money or its
value, and no further allowance for stationery or
newspapers shall be made to any member of the
House of Representatives for the year ending the 3d
day of March, 1868, than that already ordered by the
House,
ana to insert in lieu thereof the following:
No member of either House of Congress shall be
allowed stationery or newspapers or any commuta-
tion thereof: And provided further, That no news-
paper, periodical, or stationery shall bo ordered or
paid for for any member of cithor House by any
officer thereof.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the amendment of the Senate be con-
curred in. I will explain briefly to the com-
mittee what the amendment is. If gentlemen
have attended to the reading of the amend-
ment they will have perceived that the Senate
struck out the provision in the House bill in
relation to newspapers and stationery for mem-
bers of Congress. The Committee on Ap-
propriations, who reported this bill, believed
that it was necessary and proper to place some
limitation upon this stationery business. Hence
they put in a proviso that no member of Con-
gress, either of the House or Senate, should
receive or be allowed for newspapers and sta-
tionery more than the sum qi $125 for each
year. That the committee deemed but a
proper and just limitation upon both the Houso
and the Senate.
The Senate, however, seem to have re-
garded that proviso as a sort of drive at them.
They have, therefore, struck out that proviso
and inserted in lieu of it a proviso that nothing
shall be allowed to the members either of the
House or Senate for stationery and newspapers.
Now, I hope that by unanimous consent the
amendment of the Senate will be concurred in.
The Senate have thrown down the gauntlet of
economy, and I hope we will take it up. If
they can stand to be deprived of their three,
four, five, or six hundred dollars' worth of
stationery a year, I think we can stand to be
deprived of only oar $125 worth a year. I hope
the committee will concur in the amendment.
The question was then taken ; and upon a
division there were—ayes 42, noes 39 ; no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. CHANLER. I call for tellers.
Mr. FAUNS'WORTH. I desire to ask a
question before this vote is taken. I wish to
know whether by the amendment of the Senate
members of Congress are cut off from any
allowance of stationery for this year?
Mr. CHANLER. 1 rise to a point of order.
The vote is now being taken ; and no debate
is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum having
voted on the last vote, the Chair will appoint
tellers. Mr. Washburne of Illinois and Mr.
Chanler will act as tellers.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes tliirty-nine.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, said: I will
give it up. Let the amendment be reported to
the House as now concurred in, and a vote can
be taken upon it there.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman may give
it up for himself, but he cannot give it up for
-the rest of us. I insist upon the count being
completed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 41, noes 46;
no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum appearing
upon the last vote, the roll will be called.
The roll was called; and the following mem-
bers failed to respond to their names :
Messrs. Ames, Bailey,, Banks, Barnum, Beaman,
Benton, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell, Brooks,
Broomall, Buckland, Burr, Cake, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cornell, Dodge,
Eckley, Ela, Eliot, Ferry, Fields, Finney, Garfield,
Glossbrenner, Gravely, Griswold, Haight, Halsey,
Hamilton, Harding, Hill, Ilotchkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Riehard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Hunter, Jenckes, Kelley, Kelsey, Kitchen, Koontz,
Laflin, Lincoln, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy. Mc-
Cullough, Miller, Morgan, Mornssey, Mullins, New-
comb, Nunn, Orth, Perham. Phelps, Pike, Pile,
Poland, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Starkweather, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Taffe, Taylor, Trowbridge,
Twichell, Upson. Van Aernam, Van Trump, Van
Wyck, Welker, William Williams, James F. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge, and Wood-
ward.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Cullom reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union having had under consideration the
amendments of the Senate to the bill No. 813,
