1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3747
pounder, it shall be the duty of a United States
gauger to gauge and inspect the same, and place
thereon an engraved stamp, signed by the collector
of the district and the said gauger, stating the name
of the compounder or dealer and the date when
affixed, which stamp shall be as follows:
[Wholesale liquor dealer's stamp ISTo.—-.]
Issued by , collector district, State
of .
 , wholesale liquor dealer, of dis-
trict, State of , , 18—.
U. S. Gauger.
 District, State of .
All blanks in any of the above forms shall be duly
filled in accordance with the facts in each case. And
the stamps above designated shall be affixed so as to
fasten the same securely to the cask or package and
duly canceled, and shall then be immediately cov-
ered with a coating of transparent varnish or other
substance, so as to protectthemfromremoval ordam-
oge by exposure; and such affixing, cancellation, and
covering shall be done in such manner as the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue shall by regulation
prescribe; but such stamps shall in every case be
affixed to a smooth surface of the cask or other pack-
age, which surface shall not have been previously
painted or covered with any substance.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the section by striking out the words
"or package" after "cask" wherever those
words occur.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee also proposed to amend the
section by inserting after line twenty-seven
the following :
And at the time of affixing the tax-paid stamp or
stamps, the gauger shall, in the presence of the
storekeeper, cut or burn upon each cask the name
of the distiller, the district, the date of the payment
of the tax, the number of proof gallons, and the
number of the stamp, which burning shall be eras d
when such cask is emptied, by cutting or burning a
canceling line across such marks or brands, which
branding and cancellation shall be done under such
rules and regulations as the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue may prescribe.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting u cutting or" before
"burning.1' It now provides for cutting or
burning, but provides for erasing only one.
The amendment to the amendment was
agre.ed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The twenty-fourth section, now twenty-six,
was read, as follows:
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted. That all stamps
required for distilled spirits shall be engraved in
their several kinds in book form, and shall be issued
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to any
collector, upon his requisition, in such numbers as
may be necessary in the several districts. Each stamp
shall have an engraved stub attached thereto with a
number thereon corresponding with an engraved
number on the stamp, and the stub shall not be re-
moved from the book. And there shall bo entered
on the corresponding stub such memoranda of the
content? of every stamp as shall be necessary to pre-
serve a perfect record of the use of such stamp when
detached.
Section [twenty-five] twenty-seven was next
read, as follows:
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted. That every stamp
for the payment of tax on distilled spirits shall have
engraved thereon words and figures representing a
decimal number of gallons, and a similar number of
gallons shall be engraved on the stub corresponding
to such stamp, and between the stamp and the stub
and connecting them shall be engraved nine coupons,
which, ueginning next to the stamp, shall indicate
in succession the several numbersof gallons between
the number named in the stamp and the decimal
number next above. And whenever any collcctor
shall receive the tax on the distilled spirits contained
in any cask or package, he shall detach from the
book a stamp representing the denominate quantity
neai est to the quantity of proof-spirits in such cask
or package, as shown by the gaugers return, with
such number of the coupons attached thereto as
shall be necessary to make up the whole number of
proof gallons in said cask or package, and any quan-
tity in addition to the number of lull gallons less
than one gallon shall be regaided as a full gallon;
and all unused coupons shall remain attached to the
marginal stub; and no coupon shall have any value
or significance whatever when detached from the
stamp and stub. And the tax-paid stamps with the
coupons may denote such numberof gallons, notless
than twenty, as the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue may deem advisable.
It was proposed to amend the section by
striking out the words "or package" after
"cask" wherever they occurred.
The amendment was agreed to.
Section [twenty-six] twenty-eight was next
read, as follows:
Sec. [20] 28. And be it further enacted, That the
books of tax-paid stamps issued to any collector
shall be charged to his account at the full value of
the tax on toe number of gallons represented on the
stamps and coupons contained in said books; and
every collector shall make a monthly return to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue of all tax-paid
stamps issued by him to be affixed to any cask or
package containing distilled spirits on which the
tax has been paid, and account for the amount of
the tax collected; and when the said collector shall
return to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue any
book of marginal stubs, which it shall be his duty to
do as soon as all the stamps contained in the book,
when issued to him from the office of internal rev-
enue, have been used, and shall have accounted for
the tax on the number of gallons represented on the
stamps and coupons that were contained in said
book, he shall be allowed a commission of half of
one per cent, on the amount, in addition to any other
commission by law allowed, on all money accounted
for by him for tax collected on distilled spirits, which
shall be equally divided between the collector re-
ceiving the ^ tax and the collector of the district in
which the distilled spirits were produced. All stamps
relating to distilled spirits other than the tax-paid
stamps shall be charged to collectors as representing
the value of twenty-five cents for each stamp; and
the books containing such stamps may be intrusted
by any collector to the gauger of the district, who
shall make a daily report to the assessor and col-
lector of all such stamps used by him and for whom
used, and from these reports the assessor of the dis-
trict shall on his monthly list assess the person for
whom they were used, and the collector shall there-
upon collect the amount due for such stamps at the
rate of twenty-five cents for each stamp issued dur-
ing the month; and when all the stamps contained
in any such book shall have been issued the gauger
of the district shall return the book to the collector
with all the marginal stubs therein.
It was proposed to amend this section by
inserting after the word '"amount," inline sev-
enteen, the words "of the tax on spirits dis-
tilled after the passage of this act."
Mr. SHERMAN". I merely wish to call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that this
amendment changes the commission allowed
to collectors and assessors.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-one,
to strike out" collector'' and insert '' assessor.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Section [twenty-seven] twenty-nine was next
read, as follows :
Skc. [27] 29. And be it further enacted. That any rev-
enue officer who shall affix or cancel, or cause or per-
mit to be affixed or canceled, any stamp relating to
distilled spirits required or provided lor in this act
in any other manner or in any other place, or who
shall issue the same to any other person than as pro-
vided by law or regulation made in pursuance
thereof, or who shall knowingly affix or permit to be
affixed any such stamp to any cask or package of
spirits of which the whole or any part has been dis-
tilled, rectified, compounded, removed, or sold, in
violation oflaw, or which has in any maimer escaped
payment ot tax due thereon, shall, for every such
offense, be fined not less than $500 nor more than
S3,000, and be imprisoned for not less than six months
nor more than three years.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy.) The words ''orpackage" will be stricken
ont after "casks," in line eight, to conform to
previous amendments.
The following sections were read7 to which
no amendment was reported:
Sec. [28] 30. And be it further enacted, That if any
distiller shall desire to reduce the producingcapacity
of his distillery, he shall give notice of such inten-
tion in writing to said assessor, stating the quantity
of spirits which he desires thereafter to manufacture
or produce every twenty-four hours, and thereupon
said assessor shall proceed, at the expense of the dis-
tiller, to reduce and limit the producing capacity of
the distillery to the quantity stated in said notice,
by placing upon asufficient number of the ferment-
ing tubs close-fitting covers, which shall be securely
fastened by nails, seals, and otherwise, and in such
manner as to prevent the use of such tubs without
removing said covers or breaking said seals, and
shall adopt such other precautions as shall be pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to
reduce the capacity of said distillery. And any per-
son who shall break, injure, or in any manner tam-
per with any lock, seal, or other fastening applied to
any furnace, still, or fermenting-tub, or other vessel,
in pursuance of the provisions of this act, or who
shall open or attempt to open any door, tub, or other
vessel which shall have been locked or sealed, or j
otherwise closed or fastened as herein provided, or 1
who shall use any furnace, still, or fermenting tub, ;
or other vessel which shall he so locked, sealed or !
fastened, shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and, on „
conviction, shall be fined not less than $1,000 nor ;
more than §5,000, and imprisoned for not less than |
one year, nor more than three years. .
Sec.(29]31. And be it /ur^Aer enacted, That whenever i
any officer shall require that the water contained in !
any worm-tub in a distillery, at anytime when the j
still shall not be at work, shall be drawn off, and the i
tub and worm cleansed, the water shall forthwith be 1
drawn off and the tub and worm cleansed by*the !
distiller or his workmen accordingly; and the water 1
shall be kept and continued out of such worm-tub L
for the spacfc of two hours, or until the officer has
finished his examination thereof; and for any re-
fusal or neglect to comply with the requisition of the
officer in this behalf, or the provision in this clause
contained, the distiller shall forfeit the sum of $1,000,
and it shall be lawful for the officer to draw off such
water, or any portion of it, and to keep the same
drawn off for so long a time as he shall think neces-
sary.
Sec. [30]32. Andbe it further enacted, That it shall
be lawful for any revenue officer, at all times, as well
by night as by day, to enter into any distillery or
building or place used for the business of distilling,
or m connection therewith, for storage or other pur-
poses, and to examine, gauge, measure, and take an
account of every still or other vessel or utensil of
any kind, and of all low wines, and of the quality
and gravity of all mash, wort, or beer, and of all
yeast, or other compositions for exciting or produc-
ing fermentation in any mash or beer, and of all
spirits and ot all materials for making or distilling
spirits, which shall be in any such distillery or prem-
ises, or in the possession of the distiller; and if any
revenue officer or any person called by him to his
aid, shall be hindered, obstructed, or prevented by
any distiller, or by any workman or other person
acting for such distiller or in his employ, from enter-
ing into any such distillery or building or place as
aforesaid ; or if any such officer shall be by the dis-
tiller or his workman or any person in his employ,
prevented or hindered from or opposed or ob-
structed or molested in the performance of his duty
under this act, in any respect, the distiller shall for-
feit the sum of $1,000. If any officer, having de-
manded admittance into a distillery or premises of
a distillery, and halving declared his name and offico,
shall not be admitted into any such distillery or
premises by the distiller or other person having
charge of the same, it shall be lawful lor such officer,
at all times, as well by night as by day, to break open
by force any of the doors or windows, or to break
through any of the walls of such distillery or prem-
ises necessary to be broken open or through, to
enable him to enter the said distillery or premises;
and the distiller shall forfeit the sum of $1,000.
Sec. [31J 33. And be it further enacted, That, on
the demand of any revenue officer, every distiller,
rectifier, or compounder of spirits shall furnish
strong, safe, and convenient ladders of sufficient
length to enable the officer to examine and gauge
any vessel or utensil in such distillery or premises;
and shall, at ail times when required, supply all
assistance, lights, ladders, tools, staging, or other
things necessary for inspecting the premises, stock,
tools, and apparatus belonging to such person, and
shall open all doors, and open for examination all
boxes, packages, aud all casks, barrels, and other
vessels not under the control of a revenue officer in
charge, under a penalty of $500 for every reiusal or
neglect so to do.
Sec. [3^j 34. And be it further enacted. That it shall
be lawful for any revenue officer, and any person
acting in his aid, to break up the ground on any part
of the distillery or premises of adistiller, rectifier, or
compounder of liquors, or any ground adjoining or
near to such distillery or premises, or any wall or
partition thereof, or belonging thereto, or other place,
to search for any pipe, cock, private conveyance, or
utensil: and upon finding any such pipe or convey-
ance leading therefrom or thereto, he may break up
any ground, house, wall, or other place through or
into which such pipe or other conveyance shalllcad,
ahd break or cut away such pipe or other convey-
ance, and turn any cock, or examine whether such
pipe or other conveyance may convey or conceal any
mash, wort, or b«er, or other liquor which may be
used i'or distillation of low wines or spirits from the
sight or view of the officer, so as to prevent or hinder
him from taking a true account thereof.
Sec.[33]35. Andbe it further enacted* Thatnomalt,
corn, gram, or other material shall be mashed, nor
any wash, wort, or beer brewed or made, nor any still
used by a distiller at any time between the hour of
eleven in the afternoon of any Saturday and the
hour of one in the forenoon of the next succeeding
Monday ; and any person who shall violate the pro-
visions of this section shall be liable to a penalty of
$1,000.
Section [thirty-four] thirty-six was next
read, as follows;
Sec. [34] 36. And be it further enacted, That all dis-
tilled spirits found elsewhere than in a distillery or
distillery warehouse, not having been removed there-
from according to iaw, shall be forfeited to the United
States. And in case of the seizure of any distilled
spirits found elsewhere than in adistillery, distillery
warehouse, or other warehouse lor distilled spirits
authorized by law, or in the store or place ot busi-
ness of a rectifier, or of a wholesale liquor dealer, or
of a compounder of liquors, or in transit from any
one of said places; and incase of the seizure of any
distilled spirits found in any one of the places afore-
said, or in transit therefrom, which shall not have
been^ received into or sent out therefrom in con-
formity to law, or in regard to which any of the
entries required by law to be made in the books of
the owner of such spirits or of the storekeeper, whole-
sale dealer, rectifier, or compounder, have not been
made at the time or in the manner required, or in
respect to which the owner or person having posses-
sion, control, or charge of said spirits shall have
omitted to do any act required to he done, or shall
have done or committed any act prohibited in regard
to said spirits, the burden of proof shall be upon the
claimant of said spirits to show that no fraud has
been committed, and that all the requirements of the
law in relation to the payment of the tax have been
complied with. And every person who shall remove,
or shall aid or abet in the removal of any distilled
spirits from a distillery to a place other than the dia-
