200
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. oi Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Welker.
40th Coss.....2d Sess.
loyal as tp desire his acquittal ? But for his
guilty connivance with the rebels of the South
.the ten- insurgent States would long since have
begn restored to the Union upon terras of
feace wd.JBiii'ty, and'much of the misery,
oppression, and bloodshed which have -fallen
upon that distressed land would have been
spared. For two years the White House .has
thrown open its portals to traitors, and of such
the President has made his confidants and
advisers, and in their interests he has con-
trolled the power and patronage of his great
office.
For two years loyalty has been at a discount
and treason above par wherever in the De-
partments at Washington the President could
infuse the political virus; to-day I venture the
assertion that a majority of those participating
in the favors of the Government in this city
are out-and-out rebels or rebel sympathizers
now and during the war. Honest loyal men
have no standing with Andrew Johnson, unless
it be when he seeks to seduce them into his
schemesfor overturning the Govemmentand to
deliver it into the hands of its enemies. Gen-
eral Grantrefused to lend himself to thewicked
machinations, and Sherman and Thomas de-
clined with Indignant scorn to accept the prof-
fertd brevets which were but sugar-coated
bribes to lead them into the toils that were
being spread for the betrayal of the country.
Could any President in these times be honestly
devoted to the best interests of his country and
yet thrust out of its service such well-tried pub-
lic men as Stanton, Sheridan, Pope, Sickles,
and Swain, all of whom bail distinguished them-
selves by the great services tliey rendered the
Union cause in the period of its greatest need
and greatest peril? Indeed, his best friends
do not claim for him any sympathy with the
party that saved the country from the rebels;
he has long since abandoned them and turned
his batteries against them and the Union; and
for this warfare, this crime against his coun-
'i-y, we demand his-expulsion from power, that
what has been saved of our Government by
war from the grasp of treason shall not be sur-
rendered to it by an unfaithful President in
time of peace.
Sir, the rebellion is not ended, and the last
organized effort to recover the lost cause will
not be effectually subdued until Andrew John-
son is removed from power. He has told us
in his message of December last that bo will
have his way, peaceably if he can, forcibly if
he must. Every official act of his since that
announcement shows but too clearly he means
what he has Said. He now claims the right to
trample under liis feet laws and Constitution
whenever they embarrass him in his treason-
able purposes; and we are no longer left to
doubt his ultimate designs or the duty the
hour demands of us. As he is striking at the
life of the nation we must regard him as a
public enemy and' strike- back; Past forbear-
ance has' "only ericoufaged him in his crimes
and increased the boldness with which he de-
clares and executes them; bad men have his
car and his cdhfidence and bad counsels con-
trol his action,' alid' unless he is restrained at
once no one can calculate the injury he may
inflict upoii the country. Sir, we are told by
the friends of the President on this floor that
it is revolutionary'to impeach him! Then,
indeed,^ it is revolutionary to bring offenders
to justice. Sir,^ it is for just such purposes
lawsare made; it is to punish crime, aud there-
by conserve the public' wfelfare; .and if there
ever was a time when a great' exa'mple was
needed that time has come,' and a greater of-
fender could not be found than Andrew John-
son. Let him bo put upon trial, and, if guilty,
lead him out of the high place he has so greatly
dishonored, to bear through life the scorn
and contempt of the people whose confidence
he has betrayed, whose laws he has violated,
and whose peace he seems resolved to destroy
forever. I
Impeachment.
SPEECH OP HON. MARTIN WELKER,
of ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1868,
On the resolutions reported by the Committee on
Reconstruction for the impeachment of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. WELKER. Mr. Speaker, when the
report of the Judiciary Committee was before
the House I voted, with a majority of Repub-
lican members,' against impeachment. The
charges then ma'de against the President cov-
ered a wide field, and involved so many different
questions growing out of the results of the war
that 1 feared the delay that would attend a trial
in the Seriate and its effects upon the great
public interests of the country. There were
so many subjects of legislation demanding the
attention of Congress that I felt then it was
best for the country to endure as long as pos-
sible the bad conduct of the President rather
than resort to this extreme measure. But this
forbearance on behalf of those who then voted
against the proposition was regarded asa license
for further assumptions of power. The charges
now make a plain and simple issue, easily
proven, and requiring but short time for trial,
and involve the violation of the Constitution
and the laws, in but a few particular acts com-
mitted since the former proceedings were
terminated.
In the discussions on the first impeachment
it was claimed that a President could only be
impeached for indictable offenses. I did not
then, and do not now, agree with that view of
the law of impeachment. I believe that this
remedy is provided in the Constitution for
malfeasance in office, not amounting to an
indictable offense, as well as for high and in-
dictable crimes and misdemeanors; that the
high court of impeachment, the Senate, must
determine for itself what constitutes impeach-
able malfeasance, amounting to "high misde-
meanors." Cut I will not argue this question,
as it is not involved in the charges now made.
This resolution charges the President with
high crimes and misdemeanors, for which his
impeachment is demanded. We are now sit-
ting as a grand inquest of the nation to con-
sider whether he shall be placed upon his trial
before the high tribunal designated in the
Constitution. The authority for this proceed-
ing is found in the Constitution, as follows:
"Airr. 2. Sec. -J. The President, Vico Pi eyident, .and
all civil ofiicers of the United States shall be removed
lrom office on impeachment for, arid conviction of,
treason, bribeiy, or other high crimes and misde-
meanors."
Now, what high crimes and misdemeanors
has he committedV He has removed from
otlicc Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War,
who had before that, time been duly appointed
and qualified as such officer. He has appointed
Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant General of the
Army, Secretary ad interim, and ordered him
to take possession of the office, both of which
acts have been done while the Senate was
in session. In doing this it is claimed that
he has violated the Constitution and laws of
the United States. If this be true, then he is
liable to impeachment. It is made the duty
of the President to preserve and defend the
Constitution, and to see that the laws are faith-
fully executed. All officers, as well as citi-
zens, must obey the laws. The President has
no more right to disregard the Constitution,
aud refuse obedience of the law, than the hum-
blest citizen of the Republic. His high office
should, indeed, place him under greater obli-
gations to obey the law than if a mere private
citizen. Failing to comply with the law him-
self, he could scarcely expect to enforce obe-
dience upon otheis. In this Government of
Constitution and laws, it is important to the
preservation of our free institutions that he,
as well as all others, shall meet thejoat pun-
ishment provided for violated laws.*
In our discussions of this question we shoald
lay aside all partisan feelings. Its great im-
portance demands that we should approach it
as sworn jurors to ascertain "the truth, the
whole truth, and nothing but the trutht" and
"without fear or affection," and "without
malice or ill-will."
As to the constitutional power of removal,
article two, section two, says:
, "Ho shall have power, by and. with the advieeand
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two
thirds of the Senators present concfrr; and'he shall
nominate, and, by and with the advice and consent Of
the Senate, shall appoint embassadors, other public
ministers and consuls, judges of the Supreme Court,
and all other officers of the United States, whose ap-
pointments are not herejn otherwise provided for, and
which shall he established by law; but the Congress
may by law vest the appointment of such inferior
officers as they think proper in the President alone,
in thecourts of law, or in the heads of Departments.'
It is claimed that under this section he has
the power of removal as incident to the power
of nomination. This is not tenable. Under
it he has only the right and power to nomi-
nate and appoint with the advice and consent
of the Seriate. It does not provide for re-
moval. The utter absence of such authority
necessarily implies that the removing power,
when the Senate can be consulted, is the same
as the appointing power. Without the con-
sent of the Senate he can make no such
officer, and the same consent must be invoked
to unmake him.
This removal and appointment is in direct
violation of the Constitution. The fact that
the Constitution provides that "the President
shall have power to fill up all vacancies that may
happen during the recess of the Senate," is a
clear negation of his power to do so while the
Seriate is in session. Now, let us examine as
to his powers under the law. In 1863 a law
was passed which provides that the President
may fill vacancies temporarily which occur by
death, resignation, absence from the city, or
sickness. This repeals all laws inconsistent
therewith, and thus limiting his power by law
to fill vacancies to only these four cases. Now
the President has, while the Senate was iu
session, made a vacancy by removal, and filled
it without any authority of the Constitution or
the law.
On the 2d day of March, 18G7, the law com-
monly called the '• tenure-of'-ofiice act'' was
passed, the first section of which reads :
"That every person holding any civil office to
which ho has been appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and every person who
shall herealter be appointed to any office, and shall
become duly qualitied to act therein, is. and shall be,
entitled tohold such office until a successor shall
have been in like manner appointed and duly ciual-
ltied, except as herein otherwise provided: Provided,
that the Secretaiics of State, of the Treasury, of
War. of the Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmas-
tcr General, and the Attorney Generalshallholdtheir
olliees respectively for and during the term of the
President by whom they have been appointed, and
for one month thereafter, subject to removal by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate."
The sixth section of this aet reads:
"Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted. That every re-
moval, appointment, or employment, made, had, or
exercised contrary to the provisions of this act, and
the making,signing, sealing, countersigning, or issu-
ing of any commission or letter of authority for or
in respect to any such appointment or employment,
shall bo deemed, and are hereby declared to be, high
misdemeanors, and, upon trial andeonviction thereof,
every person guilty thereof shall be punished by a
fine not exceeding $10,000, or by imprisonment not
exceeding five yeais, or both said punishments, in
the discretion ot the court: Provided, That the Pres-
ident snail have power to make out and deliver, after
the adjournment of the Senate, commissions for all
olhcers whose appointments shall have been advised
and consented to by the Senate."
lias the President violated this law? The
removal ot Secretary Stanton and appointment
of General Thomas as ad interim Secretary,
is plainly and palpably against the provisions
of this act. He first suspended him under aDd
by authority of this law aud sent his reasons
therefor to the Senate, but when assent thereto
was refused by the Senate, an absolute removal
