1700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mardit 6,
than the Senator from New York has used,
to depict the impropriety of a member of this
body, under the rules and under the Constitu-
tion, acting as a judge in a case which, in a
certain event, is to place him in the presiden-
tial chair.
But, sir, it is said that this is not the time to
raise the objection; that the objection may,
perhaps, be waived by the party accused. If a
President of the United States, chosen by the
people, was actually on trial, and the Vice
President was in the chair, and proposed to sit
and give the casting vote, and we objected to
his being sworn, could it be said that possibly
the President of the United States on trial
might waive the objection? Can he waive tho
objection? He is not alone interested. The
people of this whole country arc interested in
the decision of this question. The party near-
est in interest cannot waive it. If he were the
President of the United States, actually chosen
as such, and the Vice President, actually
chosen, were sitting in that chair, he could not
waive that interest. He could not say, as one
Senator has supposed he might say, " I prefer,
upotj the whole, that that distinguished officer,
knowing his impartiality and his love of jus-
tice, should preside in this trial, and give the
casting vote in my case; I think it would be
for my advantage." That could not be allowed.
If it is decided at all it is decided by the law
and the Constitution and the general rules of
right. Therefore, the objection that this point
is made too early does not apply. It is an
objection which, if it can be made at all, can
be made here at this period, and should be
made now, for it is perfectly evident that the
distinguished gentleman now proposed to be
sworn in as a judge, the moment he is sworn
in, can decide important questions long before
the accused party shall present himself here
or shall be summoned to appear here. There
is the question of notice, the question of time,
and there arc various questions on which he
will be called upon to give a decision. If,
therefore, the objection is to be made at all, it
must necessarily or with great propriety should
be made at this time.
But, sir, I do not desire to go further into ^
this general question. I have attempted to'
look at this question as a judge.' I have at-
tempted, ineonsideringinmy own mind whether
it be proper for the honorable Senator from
Ohio to act as a judge in this case, to act
myself as a judge, and it has seemed to me in
the highest degree improper in every aspect
of the case. Sir, if there is anything desirable
in this groat trial, it is, in the first place,
that impartial justice should be done; and, in
the second place, that it should appear to be
just that mankind should say that impartial
justice was done. If it should so happen that,
Under the construction to be given to tho rules
of this body and under the Constitution of the
United States, the Senate should decide that
the honorable Senator from Ohio should be a
judge in the case, that the judge of the Presi-
dent is to be his successor in office, is there
not danger that it may be said that there
doubt as to the fairness of this trial? If
the future historian, in recording the fact that
the President of the United States had been
removed from his office by impeachment, should
also be compelled to record the fact that his
successor was his judge, such a record would
violate the sense of justice of the nation and
shock the heart of the civilized world.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. Presideut, with the
indulgence of the Senate, I will add a very little
to what I felt it my duty to say upon this ques-
tion yesterday, and then, as far as I am con-
cerned, I shall relieve the Senate from any em-
barrassment about it.
It was said by the Senator from Nebraska
[Mr. Thayer] and the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] that the Senator who now pro-
poses to take the oath is, in all respects, the
equal of any other Senator, and that no objec-
tion can be made to his right to vote upon any
question upon which other Senators have the
fight to vote. That general proposition I do
not question, that, as a Senator, he is tho peer
of any other Senator; but to both gentlemen
my reply is this: that by his own act he has
accepted an office above that of Senator, if I
may so express it, which disqualifies him from
participating in this trial. It is his act, not the
act of the Senate, if the State of Ohio upon
this trial be not represented by two Senators.
The objection is made by the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Drake] that the Senate is not in
a condition to consider the question for the
reason thatithas not yet organised itself for the
purposes of the trial, and, therefore, there is
110 body competent to decide whether the Sen-
ator from Ohio may participate in that trial.
Sir, the question that is presented by me arises
frequently in the organization of bodies com-
posed of many persons. It must necessarily
arise in the organization of such bodies. It
frequently arises in the organization of the
House of Representatives, and it matters not
whether the question comes up on the call of
the first or the last name. When'an objection
is made to the right of a Representative or to
the right of a Senator when this body is being
organized at the commencement of a new Con-
gress, how is that question to be decided? If
at the commencement of the Fortieth Congress
it had been objected that some Senator could
not then take the oath required by the act of
1802, and that objection was made when the Sec-
retary of the Senate was midway intbecall, who
would decide it? The Senate would not then
be organized ; and yet it is a question incident
to the organization itself, and a question that
must be decided before the organization can be
completed. I say, therefore, as this is a ques-
tion that may arise, that is likely to arise, in the
organization of any body composed of many
persons, it must be met here precisely as in
other cases.
I am not going to discuss the question whether,
organized for the purposes of this trial, the
Senate be technically and in name a court.
In substance, Mr. President, it is a court. It
is to consider questions of law and questions
of fact. It is not to consider legislative ques-
tions at all; and it cannot indulge in the con-
siderations of public policy which may be
indulged in in the Senate. The judgment of
each Senator is controlled altogether by ques-
tions of tact and of law. A body, bj'whatever
name known, that has to consider only ques-
tions of fact and of law, and upon that consid-
eration to pronounce a judgment, is a judicial
body in its very essence and nature. It is no
longer a legislative body.
Then, Mr. President, we propose (calling
the body what you may) now to pass from the
consideration of legislative questions to the
consideration of the impeachment question; to
eeaso to be a body for the consideration of
legislative questions and to become a body for
the consideration only of judicial questions.
The first step in passing from the one charac-
ter to the other, is the appearance in the chair
of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.
The next step is the taking of an oath unknown
to us as legislators, but binding us as judges—-
as judges of the questions of law and of fact
that may arise. This is the step which we are
now taking. We are now taking the oath to
qualify us to discharge a peculiar and extraor-
dinary duty—the oath that as judges we will be
fair and just. The question arises during the
organization of the Senate in that character
and for that duty, whether a Senator is com-
petent to participate in theadjudication. That
question is incident to the organization of the
Senate in its new character. I have not
changed my opinion that that question properly
arises in the administration of the oath.
I am not going to discuss further the merits
whether the Senator from Ohio, being now the
President of the Senate and the possible suc-
cessor should there be a vacancy in the pres-
idential office, can participate in the trial,
except to say this: that at one time I held the
opinion that a Senator having an interest in
the result of a question might vote. I held
that view in Mr. Stockton's case; but the
Senate, by_a deliberate vote, overruled that
view, and established it as the law of the Senate
that he who is to be benefited by the decision
to the extent of holding an office or acquiring
an office cannot help to decide that question.
I was surprised yesterday that the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] should occupy in
regard to this question a very different position
from that which he occupied when he helped
to decide the Stockton case. Where is the
difference? Mr. Stockton was a member of
this body. He had credentials that prima
facie entitled him to participate in our delib-
erations. He was entitled to cast a vote upon
any legislative question that should come up
to the very minute of the decision of the Senate
against him. He was for the time being a Sen-
ator from New Jersey. When the question
was, shall he continue to hold that office, the
Senate said, without an express rule on the
subject and 110 general parliamentary law, but
on a universal sentiment of justice, as it was
claimed then, right and propriety, that he
could not vote when his vote helped him to
hold an office. I am not able to see, when tha
vote of the Presiding Officer of this body may
enable him to hold the highest office in the
nation, the distinction in the two cases. The
Senate deliberately deeided in that case that
the interest disqualified for the time being the
party from voting in the Senate.
But, Mr. President, I find that some Sena-
tors, among them the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Bayard,] who agree with me upon this
question on the merits, are of the opinion that
the question ought more properly to be raised
when the court shall be fully organized, when
the party accused is here to answer. I do not
believe that he can waive a question that goes
to the organization of the body; I believe it is
a question for the body itself. But upon that
I find some difference of opinion ; and when I
find that difference of opinion among those
who agree with me upon the merits, upon the
main point, whether he shall participate in the
proceedings and judgment who may be bene-
fited by it—while I find some Senators, who
agree with me upon that question, disagree-
ing with me upon the question whether it
ought to be raised now or when the Senator
from Ohio proposes t,0 cast a material vote in
the proceedings, I choose to yield my judg-
ment—my judgment, not at all upon the merits;
my judgment not at all upon the propriety and
the duty of the Senate to decide upon its own
organization ; but I yield as to the time when
the question shall be made in deference to the
opinion of others ; and for myself, sir, I with-
draw the question which I presented for the
consideration of the President of this body and
of the Senate yesterday.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator proposes to
withdraw the point which he made, and I think
it can be done by unanimous consent. I hope
unanimous consent will be given, and let it be
withdrawn, and let us proceed to swear in the
other Senators.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It does uot require
unanimous consent. I can withdraw it myself.
Mr. SHERMAN and Mr. GRIMES. The
Senator has a right to withdraw it.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chair under-
stands that the Senator from Indiana has with-
drawn his objection.
Mr. POMEROY. But an appeal has been
taken.
Mr. GRIMES. That makes no difference.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Ohio will take the oath.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire whether
the withdrawal of this particular motion affects
the motion that was made by the honorable
Senator from Maryland, [ Mr. Johnson?]
Mr. FESSENDEN. That falls with it, of
course.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. All the questions
incidental to the main question fall with the
withdrawal of it.
Mr. JOHNSON. My motion was founded
upon the other motion. If the first motion is
withdrawn mine falls as a matter of course.
