310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBR
December 20,
making partial appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
30th June, 1868, had found itself without a
quorum ; he had, therefore, under the rules,
directed the roll to be called, and now reported
the names of the absentees to the House.
The SPEAKER. A quorum having appeared
upon the call of the roll, the Committee of the
Whole will resume its session without further
motion.
The Committee of the Whole accordingly
resumed its session, (Mr. CuLLOMin the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question is
upon concurring in the amendment of the Sen-
ate in relation to newspapers and stationery for
members of Congress. The tellers will resume
their station, and the vote will be again taken.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 49, noes 40.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
The next amendment of the Senate was to
insert the following:
To supply a deficiency in the contingent expenses
of the Senate for the present fiscal year the follow-
ing sums, namely:
For clerks to committees and pages, S33.804.
For additional messengers, $8,640.
The next amendment of the Senate was to
strike out the following:
For extra clerical help in obtaining a history of
United States land grants and translations, $1,600.
For fuel and gas, $5U0, or so much thereof aa may
be necessary.
The last amendment of the Senate was to
strike out the following:
„ And the total amount appropriated by this bill is
$118,893 21.
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out that part
of the Senate amendment which relates to a
deficiency for messengers, being the words—
For additional messengers, $8,640.
I think that is entirely too large a sum for
the Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is too
late to go back to that paragraph now with-
out unanimous consent.
. Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. ROSS. Have we not a right to amend
the amendments of the Senate ?
The CHAIRMAN. When the motion to
amend is made in time; not otherwise.
Mr. ROSS. When is the time?
The CHAIRMAN. When the amendment
is read.
Mr. ROSS. No vote has been taken upon
concurring in the remaining amendments of the
Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that all the amendments be concurred in.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move the following pro-
viso to the end of the bill:
Provided, however. That nothing in this act shall
be construed to prevent each House from 'appropri-
ating its own contingent funds asitmaydeem neces-
sary for the public interest.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a point of order, that the amendment is not in
"order because it is general legislation on an
appropriation bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. It does not change existing
law, but merely limits the operation of this bill
as we have a right to do under the Constitution.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
The question recurred on concurring in the
remaining amendments of the Senate.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 30, noes 40; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Mayxard and Mr. Washburne
of Illinois.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 42, noes 53.
So the amendments were non-concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the committee rise and report action on the
amendments.
The ..mptioawas agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Cullom reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration the amendments of the
Senate to House bill No. 313, making partial
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1808,
and had directed him to report concurrence in
one and non-concurrence in all the others.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD moved that the House
adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
40, noes 57.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question.ordered.
First amendment of the Senate :
Strike out all after the word " horeafter" in line
twenty-one, page 1, to the end of lino seven, pago 2,
as follows:
No member of the House of Representatives shall
be allowed or paid for newspapers and stationery for
any one year a larger sum than $125 in money, or its
value, and no further allowance for stationery and
newspapers shall be made to any member of the
House of Representatives for the year ending on the
3d day of Maroh, 1868, than that already ordered by
the House.
And insert in lieu thereof:
No member of either House of Congress shall be
allowed stationery or newspapers or any commuta-
tion thereof.
And provided further. That no newspaper, periodi-
cal, or stationery shall bo ordered or paid for for any
member of either House by any officer thereof.
The Committee of the Whole recommended
concurrence.
Mr. RANDALL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 53, nays 41, not voting 94; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, James M. Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Bingham, Boyer, Butler. Cobb,
Coburn, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Farns-
worth, Getz, Higby, Holman, Hooper, Hopkins,
Chester D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Judd, Julian,
Ketcham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan, Lynch, McClurg, Mercur, Moore. Moorhead,
Morrell, O'Neill, Paine, Phelps, Plants, Price, Itaum,
Robertson, Selye, Spalding, Aaron F.Stevens, Tuber,
Burt Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, John T. Wilson, andWindom—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell, Delos
R. Ashley, Axtell, Barnes, Beck, Benjamin, Cary,
Chanter, Driggs, Mdridge, Ferriss, Fox, Golladay,
Grover, Hawkins, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Mallory, Marshal], Maynard, McCormick, Mungen,
Myers,Niblack,Nicholson, Peters, Polsley, Randall,
Robinson, Ross, Smith, Stokes, Thomas, Trimble,
Robert T. Van Horn,Thomas Williams, and Stephen
F.Wilson—11.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Bailey, Banks,
Barnum, Beaman, Benton, Blaine, Blair, Boutwcll,
Bromwell, Brooks, Broomall, Buckland, Burr, Cake,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook,
Cornell. Covode, Dodge, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela,
Eliot, Ferry, Fields, Finney, Garfield, Glossbrenner,
Gravely, Oris wold, Haight, Halsey, Hamilton. Hard-
ing, Hill, Ilotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard
D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Jenckes,
Kelley, Kelsey, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Lincoln,
Logan, Loughridge, Marvin, McCarthy, McCullough,
Miller, Morgan, Morrissey, Mullins, Newcomb,
Nunn, Orth, Perham, Pike. Pile, Poland, Pomeroy,
Pruyn, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Shella-
barger.Sitgreaves, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stewart, Stone, Taffe, Taylor, Trowbridge, Twichell,
Upson, Van Aerrram, Van Auken, Van Trump, Van
Wyck, Wclker, William Williams, James F.Wilson,
Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodward—94.
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative to
make a quorum.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Second amendment of the Senate:
Page 2, after line three, insert:
To supply adeficiency in the contingent expenses
of the Senate for the present fiscal year the following
sums, namely:
For clerks to committees and pages, 833,804.
For additional messengers, S8,640.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended non-concurrence.
_Mr. ROSS. I hope the report of the com-
mittee will be concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MUNGEN moved that the House ad-
journ.
The House divided j and there were—ayes
37, noes 41. .
Mr. ROBINSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Robinson
and Mr. Wilson of Ohio were appointed.
The House refused to adjourn, only twenty-
seven voting in the affirmative.
The question was taken on concurring in the
Senate amendment; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 37, nays 59, not voting 92; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, James M. Ashley, Barnes,
Cobb, Coburn, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly,
Higby, Hooper, ChesteriD. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Judd,
Ketcham, Lynch,Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Myers,
Nicholson, O'Neill, l'aino, Plants, Price, Rnum, Rob-
ertson, Selj-p, Spalding, Burt Van Horn, Robert T.
Vanllorn, CadwaladerC.Wasliburn, EliliuB. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
John T. Wilson, and Windom—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer, Arnell,
Dolos R. Ashley, Axtell, Baker.Baldwin, Beck, Ben-
jamin, Bingham. Boyer, Butler, Chanler, Covode,
Driggs,Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fox, Getz, Gol-
laday, Grover, Hawkins, Holman, Hopkins, Johnson,
Jones, Julian, Kerr, Knott, George V. Lawrence,
William La.wronce, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Mal-
lory, Marshall, Maynard, McClurg, McCormick, Mer-
cur, Mungen, Niblack, Peters, Phelps, Polsley, Ran-
dall. Robinson, Ross, Smith, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes,
Taber, Trimble, Van Auken, Ward, Thomas Williams,
and Stephen F. Wilson—59.
NOTVOTING—Messrs. Ames, Bailey, Banks, Bar-
num, Beaman, Benton, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell,
Bromwell,Brooks, Broomall, Buckland, Burr, Cake,
Cary, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarko,
Cook, Cornell, Dodge, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot,
Ferry, Fields, Finney,Garfield,Glossbrenner,Gravely,
Griswold, Haight, Halsey, Hamilton, Harding, Hill,
Ilotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Jenckes, Kelley, Kel-
sey, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Lincoln, Marvin, Mc-
Carthy, McCullough, Miller, Morgan, Morrissey,
Mullins, Newcomb, Nunn, Orth, Perham, Pike, Pile,
Poland, Pomeroy,Pruyn, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Starkweather,
Thaddeus SPevens, Stewart, Stone, Taffe, Taylor,
Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson,Van Aernam,
Van Trump, \ran Wyek, Welker, William Will iatus,
James F. Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge, and Wood-
ward—92.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. ROSS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was non-concurred in ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Third amendment of the Senate:
Strike out linos forty, forty-one, forty-two, and
forty-three, making the following appropriation for
the Department of Education:
For extra clerical help in obtaining a history oi
the United States land-grants and translations, $1,600.
For fuel and gas, 8500, or so much thereof as may bo
necessary.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended hon-concurrence.
The amendment Was non-concurred iu.
Fourth amendment of the Senate.
Strike out tho following:
, And the total amount appropriated by this bill is
$118,892 21,
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the votes just taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RIGHTS OF ADOPTED CITIZENS.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to occupy the floor for five
minutes.
There was no objection.
Mr. ROBINSON. I present the petition of
Colonel Nagle and a paper signed by the mayor
of Brooklyn and other prominent citizens of
New York, and ask that it go upon the record
of the Congressional Globe, as was done in the
case of Colonel Warren in the Senate. It is as
follows:
Kilmainham Jail, Dublin, Ireland.
.November 25,18G7<-
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled:
Your petitioner most respectfully submits to your
attention the following statement:
I am a citizen of the United States, born in the
State of New York, in which State I have always
resided.
At the outbreak of the late war, in April, 1861,1
ontered the Union Army as & private, ana advanced
