2724
THE OONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 80,
bound as good citizens to eorreet those evils,
which can only be done by restoring the Dem-
ocratic party to power, and thereby return to
an economical system? Now, sir, a party is
but an association of men, and liable, indeed
niore_ liable, to become corrupt than a single
individual. Would you, to whom I am now
speaking, trust a man as your agent to watch
over your interests after you had detected him
in the act of cheating or stealing from you?
Certainly not. And if the rule be good as to
the affairs of private life, is it not equally so
as to public affairs ?
The true difference, Mr. Chairman, between
patriotism and what is called loyalty in America
and patriotism is this : patriotism is devotion
to country without regard to party ; while loy-
alty is devotion to party without regard to
country. Do not suppose that I am denouncing
party organizations, for I only say that when a
party has become corrupt that honest men
should abandon it. A man may be in error,
and yet be an honest man, and if you believe
him to be honest you will concede to him your
respect although you know him to be in error.
But, sir, can you respect a man who knows that
he js wrong, and yet adheres to the very policy
which he declares to be so; and who tries to
appease his own conscience by denouncing the
leaders whose mandates he obeys, and whose
lead he follows? Now, sir, I have much higher
respect for the distinguished commoner from
Pennsylvania, who is the recognized leader, if
not master, on the Republican side in this
honorable body, than for those persons who in
private denounce his policy and in public follow
in his footsteps. This much at least can be
said in his favor, he never speaks against a
measure, and then votes for it. He is no jack-
o'-lantern, but a man of bronze, who although
always wrong, from the constitution of his
nature he believes that he is right, and we always
know where to find him. He is not one of
those political eels who profess to agree with
you, but who slip through your fingers at the
f very moment they are most needed. I repeat,
sir, that the man is not a bad man who does
what he believes to be right, although he may
be in error. But he is a dangerous citizen
who deliberately does wrong, knowing that it
is wrong, from want of suSicient manhood to
do right.
_ Mr. Chairman, the only hope for the restora-
tion of our free institutions is by the uprising of
the people in their majesty. They must act like
freemen, and defy the behests of those w&odare
assume to be their masters. The gentleman
asks me whether the Democratic party would
be in favor of paying the four thousand million
dollars of floating debt of which Mr. Delano
speaks. I tell the gentleman what the Demo-
cratic party will be in favor of. We will cut
down the expenditures of the Army; we will
abolish your negro regiments; we will reduce
the expenditures of the Navy one half; we will
drive the thieves and plunderers, who are now
sucking at the heart of the nation and drawing
forth its life's blood, out of power, and put
honest men in their places. We will correct
all these evils and abuses, and in doing that
we shall reduce the burden of taxes upon the
people, and reform this odious system of tax-
ation which the party now in power originated.
t If the gentleman will allow
me, 1 will say that if he can convince me that
his party will do all that I will promise to
support it. I cannot see that it has done it in
the past, and I fear that it will fail to do it in
the future, should it ever again get into power.
Mr. MORGAN. I thank the gentleman for
the opportunity to convince him ; and if he
will give me his candid attention I will secure
him as a convert before I am through. I have
been speaking of the abuses of the Republican
party, their wicked expenditure of the nation's
treasure, drawn from the sweat and toil of the
people. Millions have been lavished on the
favorites of the party in power, and like so
many leeches they are fastened upon the pub-
lic Treasury. I have spoken of the aggregate
amount of expenditures by the Republican
party. Let me now call attention to the fact
that the ordinary expenses of the Government
for 1807-68 are estimated at more than one
hundred and forty-eight millions over the
expenditures of 1861. Why this great excess
in the ordinary expenditures of the Govern-
ment? Where does the money go to? Whose
pockets does it fill ? Why, sir, the leaders of
the Republican party have become so accus-
tomed to handling millions upon millions that
the greater the amount proposed to be appro-
priated the more ready is this House to vote the
appropriation. Not only that, but the leaders
of that party are guilty of an offense which
amounts to a political crime. It was but a few
days ago that a resolution was introduced into
this House by my colleague [Mr. Van Trump]
callingfor a statement of the amount of money
that had been taken from the Treasury of the
people to pay for the publication of a book
containing what is called the tributes of all
nations to Abraham Lincoln.
The letters contained in this book had already
been published in book form, and had been
circulated by thousands at the cost of the
people. But that was not sufficient. A res-
olution was introduced by some loyal member
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress ordering the
same book to be printed in the most expensive
style, in full gold, and bound in Turkey mo-
rocco. Well, sir, did the resolution of my col-
league pass? No, sir; it was strangled at its
birth by being referred to a committee; the
committee-room intended to be its grave. The
cost of this wicked and foolish expenditure is
said to be two hundred thousand dollars ; but
the true amount will never be known until the
dominant party shall have been driven from
power, and until the people send new agents
to investigate the great wrongs which have
been perpetrated against them by those who
have been acting in their name. Will not
every farmer in the land understand, will not
every merchant and mechanic and laboring
man in the land understand, that the abuses
which exist in this Government can only be
corrected by d riving the men trom power who
have been for eight long years to their armpits
in the national Treasury?
Now, sir, why should thnpxpendituresofthis
Go vernment for the year 18G7—(>S amount to one
hundred and forty-eight million dollars more
than when the Democratic party was in power
during the year 18G0? Why, sir, during the
decade from 1850-51 to 18G0-01 the average
expenditures of the Government amounted to
only fitty-two million dollars, and yet this
audacious party, this party of false pretenses,
when the Representatives of the people rise in
their places in this House and ask for an invest-
igation, dare to refuse to allow an investiga-
tion to be had.
Now, sir, these are facts the people wish
to know ; these are facts the people have a
right to know, and if I know my countrymen,
as I think I do know them, they are facts which
will be investigated by the Forty-First Con-
gress, to which body I will have the honor to
belong.
Now, I desire to call your attention to another
startling fact. We are told in the report of the
Special Commissioner of Revenue, (see page
27.) sent to the Senate of the United States on
the 3d day of January, 18(57, that—
" Assuming the value of the real and personal prop-
erty of the United States to have increased since
I860, the date oi the last census, sufficient to com-
pensate for all the losses and depreciations growing
out of the war, the ratio of taxation to property the
last fiscal year, was three and ninety-three hun-
dredths per cent."
Nearly four cents on the dollar, or four dol-
lars on every hundred dollars of property,
while—
" During the same year the estimated ratio of tax-
ation to property in Great Britain was nine tenths
of one per cent."—
which is nine mills on the dollar, or only
ninety cents to every one hundred dollars, on
the general valuation of property. This es-
timate is not based upon the taxes directly
collected from the people, but it is the general
amount raised from all the sources of taxation,
direct and indirect.
It has been truly said—
"We are taxed for our clothing, our meat, and our
bread,
On our carpets and dishes, our table and bed.
On our tea and our coffee, our fuel and lights.
And we're taxed so severely that we can't sleep
o' nights.
"We are stamped on our mortgages, checks, notes,
and bills,
On our deeds, on our contracts, and on our last
wills;
And the star-spangled banner in mourning doth
wave
O'er the wealth of the nation turned into the grave.
"We are taxed on our offices, our stores, and our
shops,
On our stoves, on our barrels, on our brooms and
our mops.
On our horses and cattle, and if we should die
Wo are taxed on our coffins in which we must lie.
"We are taxed on all goods by kind Providence
given;
Wo are taxed for the Bible that points us to
Heaven;
And when wo ascend to the heavenly goal,
You would, if you could, stick a stamp on our
soul."
It is an astounding fact that in proportion to
the wealth of the two nations the taxes in the
United States to-day are more than four times
as great as they are in Great Britain. And
yet, sir, England supports the largest navy the
world has ever seen ; in England there is a
monarchy; in England there are princes of the
royal blood whose pensions amount to millions;
in England there is a proud and haughty aris-
tocracy. And all this disadvantage on our
part has been the result of the reckless profli-
gacy of the Republican party. I beg the masses
of the Republicans to pardon me for saying
the Republican party, for it is the leaders who
are alone responsible. And when they shall
leave their seats, after the adjournment of this
Congress, go back to the people, it will behoove
the people to call them to a stern account; it
will behoove the people to require these gen-
tlemen to say why it was that when resolutions
were introduced into this body by the minority
to investigate fraud and peculation and profli-
gacy that investigation was denied. I will
say further, Mr. Chairman, that I hold in my
hand the report of the Special Commissioner
of the Revenue, and that the facts that I have
stated upon the subject of taxation and the
expenditures of the Government are official,
and if any gentleman doubts their accuracy I
challenge him now to say so. Why, sir, who
ever heard when the Democratic party was in
power of a man being compelled to pay a tax
and puta stamp upon his promissory note when
executed by him? Who ever heard, when the
Democratic party was in power, of there being
a threefold tax on every pair of boots? Wlio
ever heard when the Democratic party was
in power of every article worn by every citi-
zen, male and female, old and young, Bavins
a threefold tax?
Sir, for all these evils the Republican party
is responsible. It is the result of their mal-
administration of the affairs of the Govern-
ment.. I hey have been looking after their own
individual interests, to the neglect of the best
interests of the country. From being poor,
many of them have suddenly become enor-
mously rich. In every large town and in every
city men who were not worth ten thousand dol-
lars in 1860 are now worth their milllions.
And where dothpirmillionseome from? From
the toil and sweat and labor of the people.
1 hese are the abuses which afflict our coun-
try; these are the abuses which demand redress;
these are the abuses which oppress our people,
and cause them, when they lay their heads
upon their pillows at night, to doubt h ow the
tax-gatherer will be paid when he comes around
in the morning.
Sir, we certainly hear gentlemen from the
New England States tell us that the commerce
of the United States is only half as great to-
day as it was in I860, when the Democratic
