1$67.
THF CONORBSBIONAIY {£LQBE.
sit
to the command of a regiment, and was honorably
di^char^cd tri m the service.
Affairs of a private nature brought me to Ireland.
Immediately alter my landing, ou the 1st day of Juno.
lx>7, I was arrested about mid-day, on a public and
frequented highway, by a constable and two police-
men, not having done any wrong or committed any
erimc, and was confined in the Bridewell at Yong-
hal, coantyof Cork, for three days. When arretted
1 demanded the authority and cause, and protested
against the wrong done mo. From Youghal I was
conveyed to Cork, handcuffed and guarded, and
placed in the connty prison, without any cause being
assigned for my arrest, until tho 11th of June, when
I was committed on suspicion of being connected
with the so-called Fenian conspiracy, under a war-
rant i^ued hy the lord lieutenant of Ireland. On
the 1:2th of June I was taken to Waterford, hand-
cuffed mid guarded, and marched through tho streets
ot that city, tilled with an excited multitude of peo-
ple, to the imminent risk of my life. The following
day, in company with a large number of prisoners, I
was brought, handcuffed and guarded, to Dublin,
and placed in Kitmainh:mi jail, where I have since
remained in close and solitary confinement.
Immediately after my arrest, through my attorney,
I demanded my liberty, or that good cause should be
shown for my arrest and imprisonment, and that I
should be brought to trial on any charge preferred
against me. My application was denied, The Gov-
ernment of the United States, through its minister
at Loudon, made two applications for my release or
immediate trial, (one in July, the other in August,)
but, so far as I am informed, no satisfactory answer
was given to either.
After four months of close and solitary confine-
ment, subject to the same rigorous rules, humilia-
tions, and privations inflicted upon thieves and vag-
abonds, withoutany ehargeorevidenee of crime being
found against me; after repeated and persistent de-
mands for liberty and justice, I was brought before
a magistrate on the 10th of October, and committed
for trial, on the evidenceof an informernamedDaniel
J. Buckley, who, in his sworn statement, acknowl-
edges himself a perjurer. On the 25th of October a
bill of indictm ent for treason-felony was found against
me. and my trial set down for the commission of oyer
and terminer—then in session. In the first week of
the commission I requested through my counsel that
my case might be heard without delay. The attorney
general, in reply, said, I should be brought to trial
immediately after the prisoner ("Warren) then in the
dock. After a session of three weeks, the court ad-
journed on the lCJJi November, refusing the motion
of my counsel asking for my immediate trial or that
I should be released on bail, putting off my case to
the Sligo county assizes, in March next, on the plea
that being an alien I could not be tried in the county
of Dublin for acts alleged against me. The Crown
officers and Government authorities were fully ac-
quainted with the fact of my being an American eiti-
len before they commenced these proceedings; they
had ample time, and made every effort, using the
most iniquitousmeans, to procure evidence and make
up a case against me.
I have already suffered six months' imprisonment,
deprived of all social intercourse, subject to the
annoyance and espionage of officials, refused all
meansofmental enjoyment, books, pen, ink, or paper,
except under the surveillance of tho prison authori-
ties, lny health seriously impaired, (as reported by
the attending physician,) and more than all, my
rights as an American citizen outraged. After pre-
paring for my trial, and the United States minister
having furnished me with attorney and coupscl for
my defense; after bringing to trial two other Amer-
ican citizens (denying their rights however, as such,
and convicting and passing Sentence upon them as
British subjects) upon the very same evidence which
is brought against me, I am refused fhe advantage of
even this tardy appearance of justice; and because
my character as an American citiien is recognized I
am to suffer ten months or more of this horrible con-
finement within a British dungeon before I am
allowed the privilege of defending myself against the
made-up, purchased testimony of perjurers and in-
formers. Since my arrest two commissions have been
held in this city, and the assizes held in every county
in Ireland; yet 1 am refused a trial. In the mean
time, men suffering in this jail all the hardships and
privations of their position are being constantly
insulted and annoyed by the efforts of officials, who
seek by offers of liberty, money, and position, or by
threats of conviction and long and severe imprison-
ment, to induce them to swear away the lives of thoir
fellow-men. This is no exaggeration, but a state-
ment of facts which have become notorious.
According to the rule of law announced by the
lord chief baron" in his charge to the grand jury
which indicted me, I am to beheld responsible to the
British Government for my words and acts within the
United fetates; and on the unsupported evidence of
the perjured and degraded wretch Corydon I am to
be treated as an accomplice in the acts of the 5th of
March, committed by parties to me unknown, and at
a timewhen Iwas in New York.
No overt act h as been or can be brought against me:
I challenge proof of any crime, or infringement of
any law which can justify this gross violation of my
liberty, and call upon theofficcrsof the Crown either
to restore mo to freedom or, in the face of the world
and in mockcry of justice, sentence me to a convict
prison,upon the unblushingly-purchssed and perjured
evidence upon which they procured my indictment.
Having refused to restore my liberty, and not daring
to proceed to the consummation of their purpose, but
persisting in holding me a close prisoner for an in-
definite period, I now ask tho Government of my
country to extend to me that protection due to every
one of her citizens. I claipi no special rights as a
native, but demand onlythe assistance which itistho
duty of the Government to extend to all its citizens.
that I may be released from the oppression and
delivered from the dungeon of a foreignPower.against
whose aggression and tyrannyl invoke tho aid of my
country.
To you, the honored representatives of tho people—
the trusted guardians of the nation'slionor—I appeal
in the name of liberty and justice against the griev-
ous wrong inflicted upon me and other citizens of the
Republic; against tho furthercontinuance of a system
of unjustifiable persecution of American citizens,
only becauso they arc Americans. Denying the right
of this or any other foreign Government to arrest and
imprison our citizens upon the mere suspicion of the
first policeman they meet, holding and subjecting
them to solitary confinement and the treatment of
felons, I ask my immediate release.
Before tho world and Almighty God I solemnly
declare that I have committed no act within British
territory that should render me amenable to British
law, or subject me to the punishment I havo already
suffered. I demand thatfreedom wliioh isrny inalien-
] able right, and pray that your honorable body may
j adopt such measures as you may deem proper to
relieve me from my present position and compel the
I British Government to respect the rights and liberties
of American citizens.
! And your petitioner will ever pray.
| WILLIAM J. NAGLE.
At a regular meeting of the Constitutional Union
General Committee of the city of New York, held at
Masonic Hall, on Friday, Decembers, 1S67, the fore-
going petition was read, and Messrs. Henry Liebenau,
O.Sloan Holden, and.George Mcrrittwero appointed
a committee to circulate the following petition for
signatures, and the powergiven them to add an equal
number of influential citizens to their body,, to pro-
ceed to Washington and present the same to Con-
gress.
DANIEL B. NDRTIIRUP, President.
H. S. Banker,
William Abbott,
Secretaries.
To the hoTiorable the Senate and Houne of Representee-
tires of the United States of Ameriea in Congress
assembled:
The undersigned citizens respectfully present for
your earnest consideration and energetic action the
outrage committed on American citizens by the Brit-
ish Government in repudiating the right of our Gov-
ernment to naturalize subjects of Great Britain, and
i ignoring entirely the plea of citizenship in her courts
j of justice, in contemptuously refusing to American
\ citisscns the equitable rule established by her own
laws, of granting to aliens on trial a jury of one half
aliens, as in the case of Colonel Warren, an adopted
citizen; and the presumptuous claim set up in the
case of Colonel William J. Nagle, a native of New
York State, who has been arrested and imprisoned
without the commission of a single overt act to jus-
tify it, but arrogantly claiming the right to hold him
accountable to British law, for acts done and opin-
ions expressed in this his native country.
We would respectfully call your attention to the
fact that the outrage here complained of is more
aggravating than the "right of search," which
brought on the war of 1812, and ronders our natural-
ization laws a fraud, adding insult to the injury she
inflicted on us during our domestic difficulty by hor
pirates fitted out in her ports, fully turned and
equipped, and preying upon our commerce.
We respectfully ask of your honorable body that
our minister at the Court of St. James bo 4Erected to
demand the immediate release of our citieenS not
guilty of any overt act in England and the full set-
tlement of our claims for the Alabama piracies; or,
in the event of a refusal, that Mr. Adams be directed
to demand his passports and return home; upon
which emergency fro earnestly invoke Congress to
pass an act authorizing reprisals, and that the natu-
ral right of expatriation, as well as our right to
naturalize her subjects, be enforced by all the power
of our nation.
And your petitioners will ever pray.
MAURICE FITZGERALD.
Receiver of Taxes.
ARCHIBALD McKIftNY,
Receiver of Taxes.
MARTIN BREEN,
CHARLES W. CHESHIRE. Assessor.
ROBERT B. JORDAN, Assessor.
HENRY McCLOSKEY, City Clerk.
MAJOll G. MIX. 'fax Collector.
ANDREW 13.LINDSAY, TaxCollector.
GEORGE A. FUREY, Tax Collector.
W. 11. BUTLER, Tax Collector.
SAMUEL BOOTH, Mayor.
JAMES McCAULEY,
1tepuf)/ Street Commissioner.
CHARLES B. W Y LIE.
JAMES 0. BRIEN, Alderman,
W. BARRE,
SAMUEL W. COSTIGAN,
Superintendent of the Poor.
JAMES McMAHON.
PATRICK CAMPBELL,
Sheriff of Kings County.
CHARLES TINNEY,
Deputy Collector Internal Revenue, Third District.
A. M. WOOD,
Collector Internal Revenue, Second District,
A. GATFIELD.
F. A. KIMBALL, Jr.
JOHN H. 13. SMITH, Coroner.
BERNARD HUGHES,
Attorney at Law, No. 9 Court street, Brooklyn.
JAMES FAYE,
Comptroller Emigrant Savings Bank of Brooklyn.
JOHN DIXON.
HENRY MAYBURY.
Tliee facts in the papers of Colonel Nagle
and Colonel Warren (ire so strong and import-
ant that distinguished Senators almost doubted
their truth, and stated that if true tlie matter
deserved the earliest attention of the Admin-
istration and of Congress.
_ I ask leave to submit the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be, and hereby is, requested by this House to take
immediato action on the cases of William J. Nagle
and John Warren, now in British prisons—one held
without trial since June 1,1867, nnd the other con-
victed by a jury to which the challenge allowed by
English law to citizens or subjects of other countries
was refused. That a new trial be granted to one and
a speedy trial to the other; or liberty to both.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
amend the resolution by striking out "request-
ed" and inserting "directed."
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not yet
before the House ; it lias only1 been read for
information. Is there any objection to receiv-
ing the resolution ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
APPLICATIONS FOR PKNSldNS.
j Ml*. STOKES, by unanimous consent, intro-
i duced a, bill to amend the act of July 4, 1864,
to allow the further time of two years for the
' filing of applications for pensions; which was
j read a first and second time, and referred to
! the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
j! MECHANICS, ETC., IN NAVY-YAKD8.
1 Mr. RANDALL. I ask unanimous consent
' to offer the following resolution for considera-
tion at this time:
! Resolved, That the resolution adopted by the House
on November 25, as follows:
"Resolved, That in the judgmentof this House it is
unnecessary to proceed further at present in building
or equipping ships of wart"
shall not be construed as an expression of tho opin-
ion of this House in favor of the discharge of me-
chanics and laboringmen from the navy-yardsof the
.country daring the coming winter months.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. O'NEILL. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. SPALDING. No; I promised the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
[^Mr. Pike] that I would object to any resolu-
tion of this sort.
Mr. RANDALL. I then ask that the reso:
lution may be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
No objection was made; and the resolution
was accordingly referred.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 move that the House
now adjourn.
The question was then taken; and upon a
division there were—ayes 40, noes 37.
Before the result of tlie vote was announced,
Mr. INGERSOLL called for tellers on the
motion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Spalding and
Mr. Ingersoll were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that-there were—ayes 51, noes 19.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at three o'clock and forty-five minutes p. in.)
the House, in accordance with the concurrent
resolution adopted by both Houses of Congress,
adjourned till Monday, the Gth of January next.
PETITIONS, KTC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
tom'raittees:
" BytheSPEAKER: The petition oftheboard
of registration of the fortieth senatorial dis-
trict of Georgia, praying for the pardon of Wil-
liam B. Lovell.
By Mr. BANKS: A memorial of Mrs. Emma
A. "Wood, widow of Major General George A.
F. Wood, praying that her pension may be
made to date from tho time of the death of her
husband, 8th November, 1864.
By Mr. CARY: The petition of 65 pilots of
the Mississippi squadron, asking for the pas-
sage of a law by which pilots on rivers may be
placed on the same footing witli other naval
pilots.
By Mr. CiJANLER: The petition of Wil-
