1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sea
40xii Coxa. ..2d Bess.
Impeachment—Mr. Allison,
Ho. oj Reps.
was made in defiance of the law< Thus when
his purpose could not be accomplished under
. the law he does it in violation of the plain
letter of it.
In this removal the President has usurped
the powers of the Senate. He has undertaken
to do what the law prohibits, and thereby
brings himself within the penalties of the law.
He has done this willfully and purposely, and
in open defiance of the law-making power.
Who is the President that he shall thus defy
the law ? He is simply the agent, the high
sheriff of the people, to see that the laws are
faithfully executed. The laws are made by the
people through their Representatives. All laws
are the people's statutes, made by them, and
for their government. In their enactment the
President is invested with a negative power in
the form of the veto. But when a law is passed
by atwo-thirds vote of each branch of Congress,
as this one was, it then becomes the law of the
land, and he as well as all others bound to obey
it. He has no right to refuse its execution or
obedience to it because he does not approve
it. Tf he can repudiate this law he can any
other, and if one then all, and he then be-
comes an autocrat and above all law.
The President has done what no other Chief
Magistrate of this country has ever done, in
thus making a removal of a Secretary while the
Senate was in session. It may have been the
practice to make such removals in vacation,
but no case can be found where it was done as
this was, in the very face of the Senate. It is
claimed that this power of removal is given in
the act of 1705, but that act was repealed by
the act of X8C3, before cited, and does not
protect the President in this assumption.
The President in this removal and appoint-
ment, and his acts in reference thereto, has
violated and brought himself within the pro-
visions of another law, I mean the act of 31st
July, 1801. This act provides that—
"If two or more persons, within any State or Ter-
ritory of the United States, shall conspire together"
* * * * "by force to prevent, hinder, or de-
lay the execution of any law of the United States"
w * * * "or by force or intimidation, or
threat to provent any person from accepting or hold-
ing any office of trust or place of confidence under
the United States; each and every person so offend-
ing shall be guilty of a higli crime, and upon con-
viction thereof" ^ "&hail be pun-
ished by a fine not less than $500 and not more than
$5,000, only imprisonment with or without hard labor,
as the court shall determine, for a period of not le3s
than six months, nor greater than six yoars, or by
both such fine and imprisonment."
He has conspired with General Thomas and
others, by force and intimidation, to prevent
Secretary Stanton from holding the office to
which he had a clear right under the law.
For these flagrant violations of the Consti-
tution aud the laws ; for thus setting at defiance
the laws of the land the President deserves
impeachment. The safety of the country and
the perpetuation of the rights of the people
demand it; and we, the Representatives of
the people, will fail to discharge our duty if we
allow this conduct to pass without bringing
him speedily before the constitutional tribunal
for trial.
But it is said that these acts were only done
for the purpose of appealing to the courts to
settle the constitutionality of the tenure-of-
office law. It is only necessary, in reply to this,
to say that the courts were open for proceed-
ings in quo warranto before these proceedings
were had, and they were not necessary in
order to reach the courts. It is only a subter-
fuge, an afterthought. The purpose was to
remove and defy the law, and the consequences
must be met. It is high time that the Presi-
dent should be taught that he is not above the
law. For two years he has been making war
upon the law-making power of the country.
He has done all he could to bring it into dis-
grace before the people. In all these acts of
his the faithful and incorruptible Stanton, in
every way possible, stood in his path. The
greatest war minister of any age or country,
he has performed such services as entitle him
to the gratitude of all lovers of their country.
His honesty and watchfulness since the close
of the war has closed the nation's Treasury
against the plundering avarice of fraudulent
claimants, aud for this his removal has been
demanded by them.
The people of this country will not be con-
fined to. our charges and specifications against
the President. They will go behind these
charges, and in their discussions canvass his
whole coui-se of conduct. They will think of
his desertion of the great party that elected
him; of his treachery in transferring the influ-
ence of his high office to those who had been
the enemies of the country; of his crime in
raising up rebel resistance to acts of Congress
made to establish the peace of the country and
protect the weak and down-trodden; of the great
obstructions he has placed in the way of the
restoration of the rebel States, and of the wide
spread of corruption under his administration,
threatening the whole revenues of the country
with destruction. But I have not time to speak
of this further.
It is said that this impeachment proceeding is
a war of Congress upon the President. It is,
in truth, the result of a war of the President
upon the rights of the people—a struggle be-
tween grasping and domineering power on the
one side, and a bold and daring assertion of
the great prerogatives of the people's Repre-
sentatives on the other. In all such contests
the people will prevail; and the executive
power be confined within the limits of the Con-
stitution and the law. No free Government
was ever overthrown by curtailing the powers
of the Executive. The danger lies in the other
extreme, that of its increase and disregard of
the voice of the people in the abridgement of
their rights.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. W. B. ALLISON,
Oil" IOWA,
In tiie House op Representatives,
February 29, 18G8,
Tho Ilou^e being in the Committee of the Whole on
the articles of impeachment reported from the com-
mittee.
Mr. ALLISON". Mr. Chairman, in discuss-
ing the question now before the committee I
shall endeavor to treat the subject with that
seriousness and gravity which its importance
demands. The resolution proposes to demand
of the Senate, sitting as a high court of im-
peachment, a trial of the highest executive
officer of the nation for high crimes and mis-
demeanors in office. When this subject was
before the House in. December last I voted
with the majority of Republicans against a
similar resolution, rather because I believed it
was better to endure, if possible, for a brief
time, a bad President, than to undertake his
impeachment, especially when I felt the import-
ance of speedy legislation upon matters affect-
ing the material and industrial interests of the
country. I see, however, now, no alternative
presented to us but the impeachment of tho
President or an absolute surrender of the legis-
lative power of the nation to a usurping Piesi-
dent. I do but state the truth when I say that
the President has willfully, deliberately,_ and
criminally violated the Constitution ot our
country, his oath of office, and the laws of the
United States. Firmly believing this, I shall
vote for the articles presented to us by the
committee.
The facts now presented are so palpable
that the friends of the President do not con-
trovert them, but rather seek to excuse him
on the ground that ho is acting within the
Constitution, and that the laws which he has
so plainly violated are themselves in contra-
vention of the terms of that iustrumesif The
President has pretended ta remove from office
.by executive order-the ^Secretary of War, and
has pretended to. appoint by a similar order
another officer unknown to the law, designating
hirnas Secretary of. War ad interim, daring  
session of Congress, and; while the Senate is
in session. If he has under, the Constitution
and laws this extraordinary power, then the
articles should not be adopted and sent to the
Senate; if he cannot exercise this power there
should be no objection to their adoption., I
know of no instance in the history,of our Gov-
ernment where such power has been exercised
during the sessions of the Senate, and to- ad-
mit of its exercise now would be sowing the
seeds of the royal prerogatives, the end of
which would be a subversion of the liberties
of the people and place the civil administra-
tion of the Government and the Array and
the Navy within the despotic will and control
of one man unrestrained by law.
The Constitution is silent upon the subject
of removals from office, except in case of im-
peachment; but, inasmuch as the judges of the
Supreme Court and the judges of such inferior
courts as Congress may from time to time es-
tablish by the terms of the Constitution, hold
their offices during good behavior, it would
seem that the framers of the Constitution in-
tended that other offices would.be held by. a
different tenure. It is true they provided in
the Constitution for removals by impeachment,
but this obviously slow method cannot always
be resorted to, therefore it seems thatimpliedly
the power of removal exists somewhere; it was
claimed to-day by the honorable member from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] thatthis power
of removal is necessarily incident to the execu-
tive power, and is given to the President by
the first clause of the first section of the second
article of the Constitution, which says:
"The executive power shall be vested in a Presi-
dent of the United States of America."
And he quotes in support of his view the
debatesof 1789, wherein this power was claimed
for the President by Mr. Madison and others
in the House of Representatives. I have ex-
amined those debates, and I find a nearly equally
divided judgment, the power being consented
to by the vote of the Presiding Officer of the
Senate, and the argument of those who favored
this construction insisted upon it rather be-
cause they believed the power should be brought
into requisition in extraordinary cases, during
the vacations of Congress, when the Senate
would not be in session. It is difficult to see
how the power of removal is necessarily inci-
dent to the executive power in a republican
government. If we assimilate it to the execu-
tive power under our various State constitu-
tions we find that no State executive has ever
assumed so extraordinary a prerogative. If
this power is absolutely given in the first clause
quoted it is not subject to legislative control,
and the effect of its exercise would be to nullify
the provision of the sccond scction of the same
article, which declares—
"That the President shall nominate, and by and
with tho advice aud consent, of the. Senate shall ap-
point, embassadors, other public ministers, consuls,
judges of the Supreme Court, and all other officers
of the United States whose appointments are not
herein otherwise provided for, and which shall be
established by law."
But if the defenders of the President base his
action upon this construction of the Constitu-
tion they must adopt the whole argument of
those who early claimed this construction, all
of whom declare in the debate referred to that
a wanton removal of a worthy man from office
or the abuse of the power, merely to gratify the
caprice of a President, would, in itself, be a
high misdemeanor in office and require Con-
gtess to invoke the power of impeachment.
The better interpretation of the Constitution, it
seems to me, is that the power of removal is
incident to the power of appointment, and can
only be exer ciscd under the Constitution with
the concurrence of tlxo Senate
