318
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January
Ham J. Nagle, a citizen of the United States,
born in the city of New York, now a prisoner
in Great Britain under charge of being con-
nected with the Fenian conspiracy in Ireland,
and praying for release from imprisonment.
Also, the petition of Daniel B. Northrup, H.
S. Bankes, William Abbott, and others, praying
that our minister at the Court of St. James be
directed to demand the immediate release of
certain citizens from imprisonment.
Also, the petition of Henry Liebe nan, William
W. Lyon, O. Sloan Holden, and others, praying
that our minister at the Court of St. James be
directed to demand the full settlement of our
claims for the Alabama piracies, and for other
purposes.
By Mr. GOLLADAY: The petition of W.
McGraw, of Kentucky, upon the subject of
the whisky tax.
By Mr. JOHNSON: The memorial of
Thomas H. Dowling, of California, praying to
be put in possession of property claimed to be
his in the island of Yerba Buena.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: The proceedings of a
public meetingin Pittsburg, Pennsylvaiiia, pray-
ing that reparation shall be made by the British
Government for the imprisonment and murder
of American citizens.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of Nich-
olas Laight and other soldiers, asking bounty,
&c., having enlisted for two years, and being
discharged prior to the term of enlistment, and
thereby lost benefits of acts of Congress grant-
ing bounties.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 6, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Friday, December 20, 1867,
was read and approved.
Hon. Willard Saulsbtjry, of Delaware,
appeared in his seat to-day.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting, in compliance
with law, a tabular statement of the disburse-
ments of funds appropriated for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian service
for the year ending June 30, 1867; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
two memorials of the National Convention of
Manufacturers, assembled at Cleveland, Ohio,
praying a change in the system of internal tax-
ation and in the mode of appointment and re-
moval of collecting and disbursing officers of
the Government; which were referred to the
Committee on Manufactures, and ordered to
be printed.
He also presented a communication of the
Governor of West Virginia in relation to the
disposition of the agricultural college scrip
granted to that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lative Council of New Mexico, approving the
official acts of General H. H. Heath, Secre-
tary of that Territory ; which were referred to
the Committee on Territories.
He also presented a memorial of Ferdinand
Ast, Assistant Surgeon United States Army,
in relation to the irrigation of the Sage Brush
country and the civilization of the Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN. The memorials presented
by the Chair a few moments ago from the Na-
tional Convention of Manufacturers relate to
questions of internal taxation ; and I will
therefore move that they be referred to the
Committee on Finance, instead of the Com-
mittee on Manufactures.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of the
National Convention of Manufacturers, held at
Cleveland, Ohio, praying the adoption of a sys-
tem of examinations into the moral and edu-
cational fitness of all officers in the civil ser-
vice ; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
He also presented memorials of members of
the bar of Summit, Huron, Logan, and other
counties, State of Ohio, remonstrating against
the passage of the bill providing for the annual
holding of two terms of the northern district
court of that State ; which were referred to the
Committer on the Judiciary.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Michael Kelley, late a private in the first Ver-
mont battery, praying a pension for a wound
received at the siege of Port Hudson ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Vermont, praying the establishment of a line
of mail steamships between the United States
and Liberia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. POMERO Y presented a petitioq of John
W. Iliff and Thomas C. Stevens, praying an
appropriation reimbursing them for losses sus-
tained in cattle through a detention of thirty
days by Government officers while on the route
between Fort Leavenworth, Missouri, and Fort
Union, New Mexico, while executing a con-
tract for furnishing cattle at the latter point;
which wag referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented a peti-
tion of George B. Halstead, praying the pas
sage of a^pecial act authorizing him to be paid
for services rendered as aid-de-camp on Gen-
eral Kearney's staff during the winter of 1861
and 1862; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN pi'Ssented the petition
of stockholders of Storer college, West Vir-
ginia, praying a transfer to that college of
certain Government buildings at Harper's
Ferry, West Virginia, for the purpose of con-
tinuing a normal school now in operation
therein ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of
George T. Brien, praying an increase of pen-
sion on account of disease contracted in the
naval service of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CONKLING presented a paper contain-
ing the proceedings of a meeting of citizens of
Utica, New York, giving expression to their
views respecting the rights of American citi-
zens abroad ; which was referred to the Com-,
mittee on Foreign Relations.
I Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of a
j large number of freedmen of Elizabeth City, in
! North Carolina, in which they represent that
\ they are experiencing great trouble and suffer-
1 ing because of the cruel and unjust conduct
! of the land-holders in driving away from their
lands the colored people who were born ai)d
raised on them, and by whose labor these lands
were reclaimed, improved, and cultivated.
They ask a remedy for this cruel wrong; among
other things, they ask that Congress should
pass some law, like Mr. Julian's homestead
law, to aid them in obtaining little farms of
land purchased at a fair price. I move the
reference of this petition to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, it was
Ordered, That the papers relating to the claim of
S. B. Wallace and others bo taken from the files of
the Senate and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Francis
Cazeau be withdrawn from the files of the Senate
and referred to" the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Ordered, That the widow of Samuel Hibben have
leave to withdraw from the files of the Senate her
petition and papers.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Finance, reported a bill (S. No. 213) to amend
an act entitled "An act to amend the judiciary
act passed on the 24th of September, 1789 ;"
which was read, and passed to the second read-
ing.
distribution of public documents.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, submitted the
following resolution ; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be in-
structed to examine and report the cost of each and
all public documents annually published for distri-
bution, and to inquire and report as to the expe-
diency of discontinuing the distribution of all public
documents except the Congressional Globe and the
report of the Commissioner of Agriculture, with a
provision that such documents may be printed and
disposed of at the cost price,
bills introduced.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 214) to authorize the Secretary of War
to settle the claims of the State of Kansas for
services of the militia called out by the Gov-
ernor of that State upon the requisition of
Major General Curtis, the commander of the
United States forces in that State, to repel the
invasion of General Price; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 215) to vacate and sell the Umatilla reser-
vation in the State of Oregon; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 216)
to amend an act entitled "An act granting
land to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the Central Pacific
railroad, in California, to Portland, in Ore-
gon which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S,
No. 217) in relation to the coinage of gold and
silver; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 218) to create a southern judicial district
in California; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the JudiciaTy,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, andby unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 82) for the prosecution of frauds
upon the internal revenue; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to have the reso-
lution read at length.
The Secretary read as follows:
Whereas itis believed that not more than a dozen
persons have been convicted and punished by im-
prisonment for the perpetration of the many thou-
sand frauds that have been committed upon the
internal revenue in the collection of the tax upon
whisky, and that criminal prosecutions have in some
way been abandoned, compromised, or suffered to
fail; and whereas this policy hasrelieved the perpetra-
tors of these frauds from criminal responsibility and
personal danger, and has offered a premium for
swindling the Government by making a compromise,
the only penalty for detection in frauds, in which the
criminal generally gets off by the payment of far
less than the amount of tax he honestly owes the
Government, whereby it is made cheaper to be de-
tected and to compromise than honestly to pay the
tax : and whereas the practice of this policy affords a
reasonable explanation for the general prevalence
of successful fraud and the loss of more than two
thirds of the revenue which should be collected from
the tax on whisky: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
That from and after the passage of this joint resolu-
tion neither the Secretary of the Treasury. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, collectors of internal
revenue, district attorneys, nor any other judicial
or Treasury officer or agent shall have power to com-
promise or arrange any criminal proceedingor prose-
cution against any person for frauds committed upon
the revenue, and that it shall be the duty of all such
officers and agents to prosecute diligently and bring
to punishment all offenders of that class without
reference to any compromise that may be made in
regard to damages or forfeited property.
The joint resolution was ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
town sites in nevada. •
On motion of Mr. STEWART, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
