2726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
setting forth that the productive interests of
the country are suffering, and its industry par-
alyzed, for want of efficient protection against
the cheaper capital and labor of foreign coun-
tries; that in prospect of a continued decline
in gold, customs duties, at present inadequate,
must shortly prove ruinous ; that the manufac-
turing population cannot continue to pay prices
for provisions even approaching those now
realized by agriculturists, while exposed to
competition with the Old World under a tariff
framed to meet exigencies of a totally differ-
ent character; that much of the prevalent and
daily increasing distress would be relieved by
the legislation suggested bySpccial Commis-
sioner Wells, as perfected in the^ tariff bill,
(passed by the Senate,) which failed in the
House, March, 18G7; and praying that Con-
gress will resume consideration of that meas-
ure, and enact it into a law at the earliest
practicable moment.
Also, the petitions of 7 manufacturing firms
and companies of Berks county, Pennsylvania,
employing, when in full operation, 998 work-
men, now employing 559 workmen, signed,
also, by '13 citizens of said county, setting forth
that the productive interests of the county are
suffering for the want of efficient protection
against the cheaper capital and labor of foreign
countries ; that the customs duties which, under
a high gold premium, invited the investment
of capital and labor in manufactures, have
become inadequate, and, in prospect of a con-
tinued decline in gold, must shortly prove
ruinous; that much of the distress now preva-
lent, and daily increasing, would be relieved
by the legislation suggested in the report of
Special Commissioner Wells, and embodied in
the tariff bill, which failed in the House March,
1867 ; and praying that Congress will resume
the consideration of that measure and enact it
into a law at the earliest practicable moment.
Also, the petitions of 162 citizens of Heading,
and elsewhere, in the county of Berks, and
State of Pennsylvania, complaining of the
insufficiency of customs duties to afford efficient
protection against the cheaper labor and capital
of foreign countries, and praying that Congress
will resume consideration of the tariff bill
which failed in the House of Representatives
March, 1867, and enact it into a law at the
earliest practicable moment.
By Mr. KOONTZ: The petition of manu-
facturers of Bedford and Franklin counties,
Pennsylvania, employing, when in full oper-
ation, 135 workmen, now employing 135 work-
men, setting forth that the industry of the
country is suffering for want of efficient pro-
tection against the cheaper labor and capital
of foreign countries, that customs duties, suffi-
cient under a high gold premium, have become,
inadequate, and in prospect of a continual
decline in gold must shortly prove ruinous;
that much of the distress now prevailing would
be relieved by the passage of the tariff bill
which failed in the House March, 1867, for
want of time; and praying that Congress will
resume consideration of that measure and
enact it into a law at the earliest practicable
moment.
_ By Mr. McCARTHY: The petition of 50
cigar manufacturers, dealers, journeymen,
makers, and growers of tobacco, of Syracuse,
New York, against the proposed increase of
taxation on cigars, and asking the substitu-
tion of revenue stamps in place of inspector's
stamps.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: The petition of 61
manufacturing companies and firms of Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, 50 of whom employ, when
in full operation, 14,190 workmen, and now
employ 7,350 workmen, representing that the
productive interests of the country are suffer-
ing and its industry paralyzed for want of
efficient protection against the cheaper capital
and labor of foreign countries ; that customs
duties sufficient under a high gold premium to
invite the investment of capital and labor in
manufactures have become inadequate, and,
in prospect of a continued decline in gold,
must shortly prove ruinous; that the manu-
facturing population cannot continue to pay
prices for provisions, even approaching those
now realized by agriculturists, while exposed
to competition with the Old World, under the
existing tariff; that much of the distress now
prevalent, and daily increasing, would be
relieved by the legislation suggested in Special
Commissioner Wells's report of last year and
perfected in the tariff bill, as passed by the
Senate, which failed in the House March,
1807, and praying Congress to resume con-
sideration of that measure and enact it into a
law at the earliest practicable moment.
Also, the petitions of 47 coal-mining com-
panies and firms, of Alleghany county, Penn-
sylvania, employing, when in full operation,
3,360 workmen, now employing a less number,
representing that the productive interests of
the country are suffering and its industry
paralyzed for want of efficient protection
against the cheaper capital and labor of for-
eign countries: that the customs duties, which,
under a high gold premium were sufficient to
foster manufactures, have become inadequate,
and must shortly prove ruinous ; that much of
the distress now prevalent and daily increas-
ing would be relieved by the legislation sug-
gested in Special Commissioner Wells's report
and perfected in the tariff bill, as passed by
the Senate, which failed in the House March,
1867, for want of time, and praying that Con-
gress will resume the consideration of that
measure and enact it into a law at the earliest
practicable moment.
Also, the petition of Atterburg & Company,
manufacturers of glass in Pittsburg, Pennsylva-
nia, setting forth that they employ, when in full
operation, 123 workmen, and now employ 62;
also signed by citizens of said place, complain-
ing that the productive interests of the country
are suffering and its industry paralyzed for the
want of efficient protection against the cheaper
labor and capital of foreign countries, and pray-
ing that Congress will resume consideration
of the tariff bill which failed in the House,
March, 1867, for want of time, and enact it
into a law at the earliest practicable moment.
By Mr. SCOF1ELD: The petitions of
manufacturers of Brie and of coal companies
of McKean county, Pennsylvania, employing,
when in full operation, 375 workmen, now
employing 145 workmen, complaining that the
productive interests of the country are suf-
fering for want of adequate protection against
the cheaper capital and labor of foreign coun-
tries, and praying Congress to resume consid-
eration of the tariff bill, as passed by the Sen-
ate, which failed in the House, March, 1867,
and enact it into a law at the earliest practi-
cable moment.
• By Mr. UPSON: The_ petition of S. L.
Conkling and 9 others, citizens of Coldwater,
Michigan, remonstrating against increasing
the tax on cigars.
By Mr. WOODWARD: The petition of 224
coal-workers at Pittston, Pennsylvania, setting
forth that owing to foreign competition their
industry is greatly depressed, and many of the
trade are out of employment, and praying for
additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 44 workers in the mines
at Eckly, Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of J. D. Traphagan and
34 others, iron-workers at Carbondale, Penn-
sylvania, setting forth that owing to foreign
competition their industry is greatly depressed,
and many of the trade are out of employment,
and praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 333 workers in Hazel-
ton, Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, setting
forth that owing to foreign competition their
industry is greatly depressed, and praying for
additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 518 coal-workers in the
northern district of Hazel Township, Luzerne
county, Pennsylvania, setting forth that owing
to foreign competition their industry is greatly
depressed, and many of the trade are out of
employment, and praying for additional pro-
tective duties.
Also, the petition of 45 workers in coal and
iron at Wilkesbarre, Pennsylvania, prajingfor
additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 5 mining firms and
companies of Pittston, Pennsylvania, employ-
ing when in operation 1,181 workmen, and now
idle or working but part of the time, praying
for the passage of the tariff bill which passed
the Senate but not the House in 1867.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 1, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Saturday was dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMOKIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have received from the
General Assembly of the State of Ohio, for
presentation to the Senate, a joint resolution of
a very peculiar character, and yet I deem it
my duty to present it to the Senate, as it lias
received the sanction of a majority of the Legis-
lative Assembly. It is entitled " A joint reso-
lution protesting against efforts to tamper with
the members of the high court of impeach-
ment." It recites that "A violent outside
pressure is publicly and shamelessly being
brought to influence members of the court to
render a decision without legard to their oaths
to try the case impartially according to the law
and the evidence;" therefore, they resolve—•
"That we solemnly protest, in the name of the peo-
ple of rhis State, against alt effortsto tamper with the
members of the court, and denounce as infamous and
unprecedented in American history, and an outrage
on the right of an accused party to a fair trial, every
attempt to browbeat and force Senators acting as
sworn judges to render a judgment contrary to their
conscientious convictions of what the law and evi-
dence in the ease may require."
These persons were evidently very anxious
to have the Senators from the State of Ohio
vote against the conviction of the President.
Now, Mr. President, as you and I are the only
persons who will be affected by this resolution,
as I do not believe anybody has approached you
to browbeat you and force you to vote in favor
of acquittal, and 1 know no one has made such
approaches to me 
Mr. POMEROY. What party is that from ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a resolution from
the Legislature of Ohio, the Democratic party,
who protest against influences brought to bear
to induce us to vote against acquittal. I think,
on the whole, although the resolution is rather
extraordinary in its character, it had better be
sent to the committee of which the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Beekale w] is
chairman, and let them ascertain, if possible,
whether any such threats or force have been
exercised to induce you and me, sir, to vote
against conviction. I move that the resolu-
tion be referred to the select committee on
threats and intimidation.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. YATES presented a petition of mechan-
ics and other laboring men of Chicago. Illi-
nois, praying the passage of a law making
eight hours a day's work in all Government
workshops: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of Robert Murray, jr., praying that an
American register may be granted to the Ham-
burg brig Blohn, now called by him the brig
Oliver Cutts; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of
Moses Van Name and others, owners of the
schooner M. Van Name, of New York, for
damages caused to her by the revenue,-cutter
Nemeha; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
RECOMMITTAL OF A ltKPOKT.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Ordered, That the report of the Committee on
Claims in the ease of Wylly Woodbridge be recom-
mitted to that committee.
