1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2727
REPORTS 03? COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee oi> Appropriations, to whom was re-
ferred the hill (EL R. No. 1117) to supply par-
tial deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending on the 30th
of June, 1868, reported it with an amendment.
REPORT OF J. ROSS BROWNE.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, from whom I reported a resolution the
other day for the printing of the report of J.
Ross Browne, instructed nieto report an amend-
ment which I carelessly omitted. It is em-
bodied in this resolution which I now report,
to which I think there will be no objection. I
ask for its present consideration.
Byunauimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution, which is as follows:
Jleiolved, That the Congressional Printer tie au-
thorized, under such regulations as he may deem
requisite for the public interest, to loan to J. Ross
Browne the stereotype plates of his " report on the
mineral resources of the States and Territories west
of the Rocky mountains," with permission to print
from the same such number of copies as he may
desire.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely
desire to call the attention of the Senate to
the fact that there are many stereotype plates
in the possession of the Government, for the
use of which applications have been made and
refused. I believe in the case of the Pacilic
railroad surveys applications have been made
by publishers for the plates, and they have
been refused. So in regard to the plates of
the Japan expedition report, publishers have
desired to obtain them, but hitherto they have
been invariably refused. It seems to me that
we ought not to establish one rule in one case
and a different rule in another.
Mr. ANTHON Y. Mr. President, this is for
the author of the work himself, i think it
would be a very safe rule to allow the author
of any report to have the plates. We print
this book for gratuitous distribution. He pro-
poses to print some and distribute them with-
out expense to the Government. Formypart,
I would be very glad if he would print the
whole edition himself, and I should have no
objection to loaning any stereotype plates,
from which books have been printed for gra-
tuitous distribution, to any publisher who
would print them in proper style and with
accuracy. Of course, in that way he would
be able to lay them before the public at a
cheaper rate than they could buy them if
printed from typo originally set up. I think
there can be no abuse in this case.
The resolution was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. JOHNSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 50GJ for the payment of the claim of
Charles A. Sumner and William M. Cutter ;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
THANKS TO SECRETARY STANTON.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, the Senate"
proceeded to consider the following concurrent
resolution, submitted by him on the '28th of
May:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That the thanks of Congress are
due, and are hereby tendered, to Hon. iidvvm M.
Stanton for the great ability, puiity, and fidelity to
the cause of the country with which he has dis-
charged the duties of Secretary of War, as well amid
the open dangers of a great rebellion as at a later
period when assailed by the Opposition, inspired by
hostility to the measures of justice and pacification
provided by Congress for the restoration ofarealand
permanent peace.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When this resolution
was presented the other day by the Senator
from Vermont, I objected to its immediate
consideration, as I wished to look into the
phraseology of it. Although I think it is an
unusual thing for Congress to express its_thanks
to any public officer for the discharge of purely
civil duties, I did not care to object to the res-
olution upon that account; but as I heard the
- resolution read, I thought the draftsman in the
latter part of it undertook to give it somewhat
of a political character, which I supposed was
not necessary for any just and proper purpose
on the part of Congress in an effort to express
thanks to a public officer. That part of the
resolution to which I refer is as follows :
"As at a later period when assailed by the Oppo-
sition, inspired by hostility to the measures of jus-
tice and pacification provided by Congress for the
restoration of a real and permanent peace."
I do not know very well, Mr. President, to
what particular acts of the Secretary of War
that part of the resolution refers. I do not
know in what respect the execution of the acts
mentioned here came under the control and the
jurisdiction of the Secretary of War. I thought
the execution of those acts was more particu-
larly placed under the control of the General
of the Army; so that I do not know what it is
intended to compliment by that part of the
resolution, nor do I know what particular
assaults'have been made upon the Secretary of
War because of any of his acts in that regard.
What has the Secretary of War done in regard
to what are known as the reconstruction acts
which "the Opposition," as it is expressed in
this resolution, have particularly found fault
with ? 1 do not know, sir. It seems to me
these are simply words which are used without
any particular meaning. While the draftsman
was employed in preparing the resolution, a
particular aspect was desired to be given to the
subject, and therefore this language is inserted.
That Mr. Stanton has been the subject of severe
criticism for the last few months cannot be
questioned, but not in regard to his conduct in
the execution of the reconstruction acts. The
severest criticism that has been made upon his
conduct was in advance, and made in the Sen-
ate, not by the Opposition, as I understand, but
by distinguished Senators who belonged to the
same political party with himself. The criti-
cisms that have been made upon Mr. Stanton
forthe last few months have been made mainly,
I think I may say nearly altogether, because he
continued in the Cabinet after the President
had asked his resignation ; and the opinion of
the public in regard to that conduct was more
emphatically expressed by the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] and the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman-] than, perhaps, by any
persons who have expressed opinions upon it;
that it was not becoming, not right for a Cab-
inet officer to hold that position after he had
been properly requested to resign._ Whether
Senators have changed their opinion_ in that
regard I do not know. I do not believe the
country has changed its judgment on the sub-
ject.
Mr. President, in my opinion the particular
conduct of Mr. Stanton, in refusing to resign
under the circumstances, will continue to be the
subject of criticism and remark to the country,
and of growing and increasing criticism as time
shall rolTon ; and no resolution passed by the
Senate'of the United States will be sufficiently
potent to change the judgment of the country
u£ion that matter. As a member of the Pres-
ident's Cabinet, when called upon to give to
the President his advice on the subject, under
the solemnities of his position, in giving an
opinion called for under the circumstances by
the Constitution itself, he said to the President
that the tenure-of-office act was unconstitu-
tional, and advised the President to interpose
his veto. If unconstitutional it became no law;
it was as idle as an expression could be of a
popular assembly, and never had the force and
sanction of law. After thus advising the Pres-
ident of the United States he chose to hold his
office under the claim of right to hold it under
that law; and this country has been much dis-
tracted, its quiet, its business much disturbed,
the coursc of trade and commerce disturbed by
the very controversy which he brought upon
the country by claiming to hold an office by
conduct which the Senator from Ohio and the
Senator from Oregon said was in bad taste, and
also to hold it under a law that he had advised
that same President could be no law. In my
judgment no act of the Senate of the United
States can relieve him from the position jn
which he has thus placed himself.
I therefore do not choose to consent that a
resolution of the Senate, without some objec-
tion on my part, shall be passed, which under-
takes to indorse a piece of conduct which the
Senate in advance condemned, which his own
advice to the President of the United States
condemned. That Mr. Stanton was an able
Cabinet minister I have never questioned.
That he gave great force, power, and energy
to the prosecution of the war, I, as cheerfully
as any Senator here, concede; and to express
that opinion gives me pleasure. In my judg-
ment, during the progress of the war, toward
its close, he was held by many persons in the
country responsible for acts which I believe
others did without his authority ; acts which
will be condemned in history ; acts of violence
and wrong and disregard to law which will be
condemned in history, but which, in my opin-
ion, in many instances are not to be charged
upon him. But, sir, when it is undertaken to
indorse his conduct in bringing upon the
country that agitation which so recently has
disturbed it, much to the prejudice of its busi-
ness interests, I will not concur in such a reso-
lution.
For the purpose of understanding that last
clause of the resolution and expressing my
views upon it, I objected the other day. To a
resolution expressingthe judgment of the Sen-
ate of the ability of thatofficer during the pro-
gress of the war, I make no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the time
in the morning hour does not permit any ex-
tensive debate on this subject; therefore 1 will
occupy less than five minutes in saying what I
desire to say in reply to my distinguished friend
from Indiana. He has said what I should have
expected him to say of Mr. Stanton's conduct
during the war. Do we not all know that Mr.
Stanton had no more vigorous supporter dur-
ing the war in his efforts to assist President
Lincoln in putting down this rebellion than was
to be found in the person of my friend from
Indiana ; and do we not all kjow that be had
in the country no stronger supporters than the
distinguished party that my friend represents
from Indiana ? I presume my friend near me,
on my left, [Mr. Morton,] who was in Indiana
at that time, knows the vigorous aid that the
Democratic party, represented by my friend
over the way, [Mr. HexVDRIcks, ] in that par-
ticularState gave us in the tryingtinies; and so
my friend has said, what I should have ex-
pected him to say, words of praise and encour-
agement and thankfulness for the vigor of the
intellect and the strength of the hand that ruled
the military operations of the country during
that time, as well in the States that were a
little north of the border, where treason was
lurking, as in any of those that were some-
what south of it. We concur, then, that the
thanks of Congress arc due to Mr. Stanton for
the eminent, 1 might say the preeminent, ser-
vices he performed during those dark times of
trial.
But my friend from Indiana finds cause of
complaint in the concluding clause of the res-
olution which declares that he also deserves
the thanks of Congress for his administration
of the War Department at a later period than
the war when he was assailed by opposition,
inspired by hostility, not to his holding the
office, but inspired by hostility to the meas-
ures of reconstruction Congress had enacted.
Now, sir, is not that true? Is there any man
who disputes it? The difficulty with Mr. Stan-
ton was, in the eyes of the President of the
United Stales and of some of his associates,
that he desired to maintain the law; that he
desired to have carried out the measures ot
reconstruction in the spirit in which Congress
had passed them, when the President of the
United States desired that they should be de-
feated, if possible: and. therefore, it was as
early as 1800 that'Mr. Stanton knew, and the
public knew, and the President knew, that the
cause of difference and the reason of the Pres-
ident desiring Mr. Stanton to retire then and
