1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1703
roads'' was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 722) for the relief of
Sally C. Northrup was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
pension bills.
Mr. YAN WINKLE. The Senate was kind
enough this morning on my motion to set apart
next Friday for the consideration of bills from
the Pension Committee. By the late proceed-
ings here, I understand that Friday next will
be otherwise occupied. I therefore ask that
the word " Thursday" be substituted for "Fri-
day' ' in that order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
has already been passed ; but by common con-
sent it may be reconsidered and amended in
that way. If there be no objection it will be
so amended. The Chair hears none, and the
amendment will be made.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of War, in response to a resolution of the
4th of February, asking for estimates of the ex-
pense of removing the reefs in the East river,
New York harbor, known as Battery, Diamond,
and Coenties ; which, on motion of Mr. Mor-
gan, was referred to the Committee on Com-
mercf, and ordered to be printed.
oreatiiousb and kelly.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the
amendment of the House of Representatives
to the bill (S. No. 108) for the relief of Henry
Greathouse and Samuel Kelly was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will not
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. I simply content myself with entering
my protest against it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 6, 18G8.
The House metattwelveo'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of committees for reportsof aprivate
nature, commencing with the Committee on
Commerce.
american-built mail steamers.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 806) to authorize
contracts for foreign mail service, and to aid
in the construction and employment of Amer-
ican-built steamers, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, re-
fered to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
jewels in the treasury.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Speaker, a joint res-
olution was introduced by me some days ago,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce,
proposing that a certain box in the vault of the
Treasury be opened. The committee has re-
quested me to report a resolution on the sub-
ject, asking the Secretary of the Treasury, if
not incompatible with the ^public interest, to
open the box and inform this House of its con-
tents. I would be very glad to report the res-
olution under this call.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
Matter might perhaps come in under this call.
Mr. O'NEILL. I report the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed, if not incompatible with the public interest,
to inform tlio House of the contents of a certain box
in tlio vault of tiio United States Treasury, sealed
with the seal of the Patent Office, and marked
"Jewels."
Mr. Speaker, I will, while asking the pas-
sage of the resolution, state to the House that
the object to be accomplished by it is to give
authority to the Secretary of the Treasury to
open this box marked "Jewels, &c.," which
does not belong to his Department, but is
in the vault for safe keeping, he having no
control over it and its contents, and it never
in the recollection of even the oldest officials
of the Treasury having been examined. It
was a long while ago deposited there by the
authority of the Patent Office, and has remained
to this day with the seal of that office unbroken
and in its original condition, the locks being
greatly corroded by rust. It is supposed to
contain, as far as I have been able to trace it
through the Departments of State and of the
Interior, a number of small but very tasteful and
valuable articles, and among them some pres-
ents which had been given to our ministers and
consuls at foreign courts while representing
our country in an official capacity, and which,
under the requirements of law, were handed
over to the Government by their recipients.
It will be remembered that the Patent Office
was robbed many years ago of some of its
most valuable contributions, which were there
for public inspection, and were looked upon
as great curiosities. A few of them were sub-
sequently recovered, but in a broken and muti-
lated condition. This box evidently contains
these things, and, as I have already stated, the
action of the House in the manner proposed
is necessary for the exercise of the authority
by the Secretary. I therefore ask the passage
of the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
little rock island.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back a bill (II. R. No.
394) confirming the title to Little Rock island,
in the Mississippi river, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill recitesjthat the said island, in the
Mississippi river,'opposite the city of Clinton,
Iowa, was surveyed and platted as being within
the district of lands subject to entry and sale
in the Territory of Iowa, and was entered by
Jonathan L. Pierce, jr., at the Government
land office at Dubuque, Iowa, but that said
island is, in fact, situated east of the main chan-
nel of the Mississippi river, in the State of
Illinois, in the district of lands subject to sale
at Springfield. It therefore enacts that the
title to the said island be ratified and confirmed
to the said Jonathan L. Pierce, jr., and his
grantees.
Mr. HOPKINS. I demand the previous
question on Ihe bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. UPSON. I would inquire if this bill
has been considered by a committee ?
Mr. HOPKINS. It is reported unanimously
by the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill was passed.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to reconsiderthevote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
accounts of army paymasters.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 867) to facilitate
the settlements of th* accounts of paymasters
of the Army; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
message from tiie president.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was delivered to the House
by Mr. William G. Mooke, one of his Secre-
taries, who also informed the H >u?« that the
President had approved and sigtftd a bill (H.
R. No. 3G8) authorizing the sale of an unoccu-
pied military site at Waterford, Pennsylvania.
sally c. nortiirup.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 722)
for the relief of Sally C. Northrup, with sundry
verbal amendments.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HOPKINS. I move the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lucas and dickinson counties, iowa.
Mr. TABER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute, a bill (H. R. No.
170) for the relief of Lucas and Dickinson
counties, in the State of Iowa.
The substitute was read. It authorizes and
directs the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to receive and examine Ihe selections ot
swamp lands in Lucas and Dickinson counties,
as formerly filed in the office of the surveyor
general for the district including said counties,
and allow or disallow the said selections, ac-
cording to the rules touching the same in force
when said selections were made.
Mr. TABER. 1 yield for a moment to my
colleague on the committee, [Mr. Hopkins.]
Mr. HOPKINS. I move to amend the sub-
stitute by inserting after the word " counties,"
where it first occurs, the words "and such
ot.her counties in the State of Iowa." I un-
derstand that there are one or two other coun-
ties similarly situated to these, and which will
ask relief by special legislation if we do not
include them in this bill.
Mr. BALDWIN. I should like to hear some
explanation of this bill.
Mr. TABER. The reason for asking the
passage of this bill is this: the swamplands
in these counties were selected as long ago as
in 1859-00, and the proper returns were made
to the surveyor general of the States of Iowa
and Wisconsin, but from neglect on his part
to make the return to the Interior Department
the Secretary of the Interior now declines to
allow the selections of lands. It is only to
cover up the neglect, of the surveyor general
of Iowa and Wisconsin. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The amendment offered by Mr. Hopkins was
agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. TABER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
osage indian lands.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to report a joint resolution not
strictly of a private nature, and I also ask two
minutes to explain the reason why we ought to
act upon it immediately.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the Chair i if the Committee on Public
