320
TffiB? oongrbsshmal Qiwm.
JanuaJtf^
lation of the town. Three hundred uad twenty 1
acres is the ordinary size for a town site under j
the law of 1841. That has generally been'fol- j
lowed as the rate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I infer from the remarks
of the Senator from Vermont that he is not
▼ery familiar with the land laws, because he
proceeds upon the assumption that this bill
makes some new provision, when in fact it
only applies existing laws to the towns in the
State of Nevada. As early, I think, Us 1840 or
1844—I do not remember the exact date of
the first law on the subject—the corporate
authorities of a town were allowed to enter the
town site; or, if the corporate authorities of
the town did not see proper to do so the county
judge of the county was allowed to enter the
town site by the express provisions of the law,
beeause the town Site was not subject to agri-
cultural preemption. When a tract of land is
preempted for agricultural purposes it is neces-
sary that certain affidavits should be made,
which cannot be made where kwd is taken for
a town site, and so the existing law provides,
in the first section of the act entitled " An act
for the relief of the inhabitants of cities and
towns upon the pabRc lands," approved March
2, 186?;
" That -whenever aliy portion of the public lands 1
of the United States lwve been or shall be uttlqd
upon and occupied ag a town site, and therefore ^ot
subject to entry under the agricultural preemption
laws, it shall be lawful, in case such town shall be
incorporated, for the corporate authorities thereof,
and if not incorporated, for the judge of the county
court for the county in which such town may be
situated, to enter at the proper land office, and at
the minimum price, the laud so settled and occupied,
in trust for the several use and benefit of the occu-
pants thereof, according to their respective interests;
the execution of which trust, as to the disposal of the
lots in such town and the proceeds of thesalethereof
to be conducted under such rules and regulations as
.may be prescribed by the legislative authority of the
■State or Territory in which the same may be situ-
ated."
The corporate authorities of the town are
authorized to enter the laud for the benefit of
the occupants of the town lots. They hold the
title in trust for the bona Jide occupants, and
the disposal of these lots is to be regulated by
the Legislative Assembly of the State, and the
towns are authorized to take land in propor-
tion to the population. The amount is three
hundred and twenty acres where the inhabitants
are in number one hundred and legs than two
hundred—
"And in.«aaes where the inhabitants of (inch town
are more than two hundred and less than one thou-
sand, shall embrace not exceeding six hundred and
forty acres; and where the number of inhabitants is
one thousand and over one thousand, shall embrace
not exceeding twelve hundredand eighty acres: Pro-
vided, Thatfor each additional thousand inhabitants,
not exceeding five thousand in all, a further grant
of three hoadred and twenty acres shall be allowed."
The present bill simply provides-that this act
of March 2, 1867, shall be applicable to the
t<*w* sites in the State of Nevada ; that is, it
allows the town authorities, if they elect so to
do, to enter their town sites under- the pro-
visions <rf this act, and reserves the right of
each individual who has made an entry of a town
lot under-existing laws te obtain a patent in ac-
cordance with those laws; and it also provides
that under the act of March 2,1867, to which I
have just referred, no mining claim or posses-
sion shall be acquired. Thus it appears that
instead of introducing any new theory it simply
adopts the theory in reference to public lands
that has been in existence for more than twenty
years, and makes it applicable to town sites in
the State of Nevada, which are peculiar on
account of the mining region in which they
happen to be located. As I understand, some
effort wai made to enter the lands under the
old law ; but difficulties arose; it was imprac-
ticable to do it, and this bill simply allows those
towns which made such an effort to avail them-
selves of the benefits of the law of last year with
certain exceptions. There can certainly be no
objection to the passage of this bill, because it
does not interfere with the rights of the public
or of individuals.
1ft. C0NNESS. I propose, when we have
proceeded a little further, to apply the terms
of Ah UK to the State of California; but such 1
amendment is not yet in order. I will say, in
addition to what bas been stated in explanation
of this measure, that its purpose is alone to
avoid the difficulties and complications that
have come up in connection with the act of
1864, which provided for entering town lots
under the preemption system. It was found in
one of the towns in the State of California,
where they took proceedings under that act,
that after the patents had been issued to the
persons for the lots the streets and alleys and
little public squares belonged to the United
States; so that the lots, according to the. pro-
ceedings necessary to be taken under that act
of 1864, not only cost the persons very large
sums of money unnecessarily, and without
profit to the United States, but made an im-
mense amount of work in the land department,
and finally left a part of the town belonging to
the United States, over which the citizens,
through .their municipal authorities, could exer-
cise no control or jurisdiction. This bill is
simply to provide that persons may avail them-
selves of the act of 1867, which is right, good
policy, and simple in its provisions.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following words:
Provided, They will exclude from any entry which
they maymake all town lotswhioh have been entored
and the money pfiid under former laws: And pro-
vided, This act shall not prevent claimants who have
made proper entry of town lots and paid the pur-
chase money from obtaining title under the laws
existing previous to March 2, 1867 : And provided
further. That all mines and lands claimed as appur-
tenant to the same for mining purposes, and which
may be entered and purchased under the act ap-
proved July 26, 1866, entitled "An act granting the
right of way to ditch and canal owners over the pub-
lic lands, and for other purposes," shall be excluded
from all entries of town sites under the said act of
March 2, 1867.
And in lieu of them to insert:
Provided, This act shall not prevent the issuance
of patents to persons who have made entries and
elect to proceed under existing laws: And provided
further, That no title under said aet of March2,lS67,
shall be acquired to any mining claim or possession
held under the existing laws of Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am a gooddeal enlight-
ened by what has been said by the Senator
from Nevada, the Senator from Oregon, and
the Senator from California ; but it does not
appear to me that we ought to prevent, if we
have a policy of this kind, private citizens
down to the time when the town shall have
acted and taken up these town sites from enter-
ing them in the usual way, and*I therefore
move to amend the amendment by inserting
after the word "made" in the second line
the words "or may.make," so that it will
apply to the future as to the past. It will then
read—
This act shall not prevent the issuance of patents
to persons who have made or may make entries and
elect to proceed under existing laws.
Mr. CONNESS. There can be no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I presume there will be
no objection to it. That will give citizens down
to the time the town shall act an opportunity
to enter up any lot in the usual way.
Mr. POMEROY. Another word, I think,
would make it clearer. Let the word "pre-
viously " be inserted before " existing laws."
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; "existing" comes
down to the present time and down to the time
the settler may act. I think the word "pre-
viously '' would make it worse, so that if the
law should change the effect of the proviso
would be lost, whereas the true construction
of the word "existing" as it stands here would
apply to the state of the law existing when the
entry may be made, and I think that would be
right.
Mr. POME ROY. I thought the effect of
the act as it stands would be confined to laws
existing at the passage of this aet.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No j it would apply to
the laws existing at that time.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not know that I under-
stand the effect of this bill perfectly, but I am
inclined to think that it is intended to apply
in cases of this kind. Some years ago Con-
gresa passed a law authorizing the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to lay out
town sites and sell the lots, and to give patents
to the purchasers of the lots; and I suppose
this bill is intended to enable the first parties
who come into such a town and organize to
take possession of the whole town site and sell
out the lots to future settlers and put the money
j in the city treasury in place of permitting it to
! go into the Treasury of the United States, as
; the original law contemplated. If this is the
intention of the bill—I am not sure th&t it is,
: but it reads to me as if such were the purpose—
I think we ought to know how much expense
may have been incurred by the Land Office in
surveying these town sites. I have no objec-
tion to the settlers getting the land for noth-
, ing. We have a constitutional .objection out
: west to paying for land, [laughter;] but per-
\ haps it might be well enough for us to permit
the settlers to pay for the surveys. I inquire,
therefore, of the chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands if the committee have had
any interviews with the Commissioner of the
General Land Office on the subject, or know
what his views are as to the propriety of the
passage of this bill?
Mr. POMEROY. So far as I know, the
committee have had no communication at all
with the Commissioner of the General Land
Office on the subject,
Mr. STEWART. I can inform the Senator
that I have called on the Commissioner.
Mr. POMEROY. Some members of the
committee may have done so, but the commit-
tee as a body know nothing of his views on the
subject,
Mr. STEWART. I called on the Commis-
sioner in regard to it, and he addressed me a
letter saying that he thought under existing
laws we might adopt the course suggested in
this bill. That was his construction; but as
the matter was one of importance he submitted
it to the Secretary of the Interior, and the
Secretary of the Interior replied that it involved
considerable doubt in his mind about the pro-
priety of it, and he thought it better to have
legislation. If I had the letter of the Commis-
sioner here it would be seen that he has had
the whole matter under consideration, and
indeed he thinks he can carry out the design
of this bill without any declaratory legislation ;
but the Secretary of the Interior thinks fur-
ther legislation is necessary if this design is to
be carried out. If I had supposed it was of
any importance I should have taken- care to
have the correspondence here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment reported by the
Committee on Public Lands.
The -amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I would prefer to have a
little time to look into this matter. It may be
all right; probably it is; but in order that I
may have ah opportunity to inform myself I
move thafthe further consideration of this bill
be postponed until to-morro\t.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there is no objec-
tion to that course. If the Senator desires to
look into it there can be no objection to post-
poning the bill until to-morrow and consider-
ing it then during the morning hour.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
SEN AT Oil 1'IiOM JI All VI-AND.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the joint
resolution reported by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs placing certain troops of Missouri
on an equal footing with other troops as to
bounty. This joint resolution was passed by
both Houses on one occasion, and was lost
through a mistake of one of our own members.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to what I suppose
to be a question of privilege. I move that the
Senate proceed to consider the credentials of
my colleague-elect, Hon. Mr. Thomas.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mary-
