204
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February- 22,
Ho. of Rkps.
Impeachment—Mr. Lou'ghridge.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
The forbearance of the people's Kepresenta1
tives upon this floor and their hesitation to
resort to the summary remedy of impeach-
ment have been construed by the Presidentas
showing fear on the part of the House and a
lack of courage to assert the dignity and the
prerogatives of Congress; and such forbear-
ance has been met with insult and defiance
aud by new and more direct assaults upon the
rights and the jurisdiction of the. legislative
department of the Government and new viola-
tions of the Constitution and the laws of the
country, until it is now demonstrated to the
satisfaction of all honest and impartial men
that there-is no resort left to this House but to
exercise the constitutional power of impeach-
ment. •
In giving the vpte I do in favor of the im-
peachment of the President I do not confine
myself to any one single transaction or viola-
tion of law, of which thcie has been on his
part so many. From the time when he issued
his first proclamation to organize and set up
civil government in North Carolina, without
the authority or sanction of Congress, down to
the open, direct, and flagrant disregard and
violation of the Constitution and of the stat-
utes of the land in the attempted removal of
the present Secretary of War and the appoint-
ment of another, his whole course has been
one of continued usurpations of power and
violation of his oath of office.
Refusing to convene Congress at the sur-
render of the rebel armies, as he could and
should have done, he proceeded, without au-
thority of law, in his own way and manner
and upon his own responsibility, to organize
governments for the conquered States and to
appoint officers for the same. He appointed
and commissioned governors for such States,
prescribed to them their authority and powers,
fixed their salaries, and paid them out of the
moneys of the United States. He authorised
such governors so appointed to establish the
" rules and regulations" by which the people
of those States were to be bound in convening
constitutional conventions and in formmgState
governments ; he prescribed the qualifications
of voters in the elections in such States, in
organizing State governments, denying the
right of voting absolutely to fourteen different
classes of white persons who had before been
citizens and voters in such States, aud deny-
ing to nearly one half the entire population of
such States any civil rights whatever or any
voice in the formation of the State govern-
ments, and that portion constituting four fifths
of all the people of said States who had re-
mained loyal to the Government, and thou-
sands of whom had fought nobly in the ranks
of the Federal Army during the rebellion ;
he dictated to the conventions assembled, by
virtue of his said action, certain provisions
which he required them to incorporate into
their State constitutions, the acceptance of
which he made a condition-precedent to their
reudinission to their forfeited places in the
Union, and in all matters connected with such
reorganization acted the part of supreme dic-
tator, as much so as if there were no other
department in the Government, and under
Such dictation and control pretended State
governments were formed in said States and
members of Congress elected therein, all this
before the meeting of Congress ; and these
governments of his own dictation and creation
the President pronounced legal and valid;
and when Congress for the first time after the
termination of the war assembled in Decem-
ber, 1805, he coolly informed it that the rebel
States were fully reorganized, and that all that
remained lor Congress to do was to judge each
House for itself of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of its own members.
Now, sir, in all this i deny absolutely the
authority or right of the President to exercise
any such powers, aud I defy any of his apolo-
gists to place their finger upon the section of
the Constitution granting to the Pxesidentsany
such power. It was the clearest usurpation of
powers belonging solely and entirely to the
people of the UaitedStatesrepresentedinOon';
gress. If at the close of the war those States
had legal State governments existing then the
President usurped powers in overthrowing them
and instituting those of his own creation. And
if, on the other hand, they had no legal govern-
ments, liis acts were equally unauthorized by
the Constitution and a usurpation of powers
which belonged to the legislative power of. the
United States vested in Congress. If these
governments so instituted had been intended
by the President as temporary, and simply to
exist until Congress should meet and then to
be submitted to the supervision and will of
Congress, there would have been no objection
taken to the illegality of his action ; and I have
no doubt but at that time it was the general
understanding that such action was but tem-
porary in its character, and that the President
did not intend thereby to deny the final right
of Congress in the premises to supervise aud
set aside or ratify, as it might see fit, all that
was done by him.
I find in the testimony of Edwin M. Stanton,
then Secretary of War, taken by the Judiciary
Committee, the following statement by him
upon this point. Referring to the North Caro-
lina proclamation, he says :
" Isupposed thou, and still supposo, tlint the final
validity ot' sucli .Stale organizations would lest with
the law-making power oi the Government."
And General Grant, in his testimony before
the Judiciary Committee, speaking of the
North Carolina proclamation, says :
"I looked upon it as a temporary measure, to es-
tablish abort of a government until Congress should
meet and settle the whole question.'' * *
* * "I conversed with tho President very fre-
quently. I do not suppose that there were any per-
sons engaged in that consultation who thought of
what was heinpr done at that time as being lasting—
any longer than until Congrosscould meet,and cither
ratify that or establish some other ioitn ut Kovcrii-
ment. 1 know it never crossed my mind that what
was being done was anything moro than tempo-
rary."
Indeed, the President at the time of organ-
izing those piovisional governments did not
claim that such governments would be per-
manent or independent of Congress. On the
24th of July, 18(jo, he sent to the Governor of
Mississippi the following telegram:
Washington, July 21, 1885.
Vt7. L. !?u \rkky, Provisional Governor of Misxtasippi:
Your telegram of the 21st has been received. The
President sees no reason to interfere with General
ytoeum's proceedings. The government of the State
will bo _ rovi.-ionai only, until tho civil authorities
shall bo restored With tho approval of Congress.
Meanwhile military authority cannot bo withdrawn.
WILLIAM JJ.SliWAHD.
And Mr. Seward testifies that this was sent
with the approval ot the President.
It thus seems to have been the understanding
of all parties at the time that whatever was
done was temporary ill its character and would
depend for its validity upon the ratification of
Congress, aud if not ratified by Congiess as a
sequence would be void. And this statement
of the case shows the injustice and falsity of
the claim that the President's entire Cabinet
and General Grant were in favor of the Pres-
ident's policy. They were in favor of it as it
was then understood. They assented to it as
a temporary expedient, subject to the control-
ling and supervising power of Congress, and not
otherwise.
This is very different from the President's
policy as subsequently defined and insisted
upon by him. He says subsequently to Con-
gress: these States are organized and now
have valid governments and are fully restored
to their places in the Union; all that I have
done is valid and permanent, and all that you
have to do or say in the matter, gentlemen of
the Senate aud of the House, is whether these
members who are claiming their seats in Con-
gress from those States have been duly elected
and are properly qualified ; and if they are reg-
ularly elected and properly qualified yon have
no right to exclude them.
.This, sir, was the .President's subsequent
policy; very different, indeed, from what was
the understanding at the time he originated it,.
Then it was temporary, and subject to the re-
vision of Congress to ratify or reject it. Now
it is absolute and final, and Congress has no
authority:*© question it. When Congress ad-
journed in March, 1864, these rebel States
were members of the southern confederacy,
and their people in arms against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, shooting down
our citizens upon the battle-field and starving
them to death in prisons. On the first day of
the next session ex-members of the rebel
congress and rebel generals and colonels,
fresh from the battle-fields of the South, their
hands scarcely yet dry of the blood of our
slaughtered countrymen, are standing at the
doors of this Capitol with commissions in their
hands, demanding their seats asiienators and
liepresentatives from southern States recon-
structed by Andrew Johnson and fully restored
to all their rights, and the President demands
their admission as a matter of right. This, sir,
was the President's policy as unfolded to the
nation and all disguise thrown off.
And here, sir, arose the controversy between
Andrew Johnson aad Congress. Congress, as
the supreme legislative power of the Govern-
ment, made such by the Constitution of the
liepublic, claimed the right, and the exclusive
right, to say at what point of time therebel
States, which had voluntarily severed their
relation to the Union and had been out of it
for five years fighting to destroy it, should be
restored to their forfeited rights. After four
yeara of bloody war the nation had finally suc-
ceeded in conquering their armies and wrench-
ing their arms from their hands; they submitted
to superior force; they were disarmed, and con-
quered enemies, aud ceased to fight only be-
cause they were overpowered. Aud Congress
claimed, as the representative ot the people,
to determine whether such disarmed rebel
enemies were really subdued, and, if so, to
prescribe such terms as should be considered
necessary for the security of the nation before
admitting such conquered rebels to full power in
the Government, and, claiming this right, re-
fused admission to the claimants for seats from
such States, elected under such governments so
organized by the President.
This, sir, constituted the great sin of which
Congress has been guilty; this the great usurp-
ation of which the President has complained.
Instead of submitting to the expressed will of
Congress, thus clearly declared and made
known, and endeavoring in good faith faith-
fully to carry out their wishes and faithfully
execute the laws, the President determined to
insist upon and enforce upon the country and
force upon Congress his own policy and plan,
and to maintain the legality of the govern-
ments instituted by him in the rebel States. And,
cariying out this determination, shortly after
the meeting of Congress, he vetoed the civil
rights bill, and gave as one of his reasons there-
for that the States lately in rebellion were not
represented in Congiess, aud that by the Con-
stitution all the States had the right to repre-
sentation, thus declaring to Congress that they
were an unorganized and fragmentary body,
and could do no legal legislation untilthey
admitted the members from the rebel States.
From that time down to the present the Pres-
ident has continued, persistently continued,
his contest with Congress, insisting upon the
validity of the State governments as organized
by his authority, and their right to immediate
and unconditional representation in Congress,
and denying to the loyal people of the land,
through their Representatives in Congress, the
right to any voice "whatever as to ihe terms
upon which rebels should be readmitted to full
rights and powers in the Government they had
. been fonr years trying to destroy, and saying
