i7m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marsh
Lauds should finish their business within the
present morning hour, leaving, perhaps, only
a few minutes of the hour unexpired, how mnch
time will be left to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, which committee, I believe,
will next be called ?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads will be the next
committee called.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I have nothing
further to say.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, for
the information of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ingersoll] and other gentlemen, that
any part of a morning hour occupied by a com-
mittee counts as an entire morning hour, even
if it be but one minute ; because, if the com-
mittee has any business pending at the expira-
tion of the morning hour, no other committee
can be called for reports until that business
shall have been disposed of, even should it
take a week.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
provides that when public sale is made of the
lands granted and sold to the United States by
virtue of the first and second articles of the
treaty of the said United States and the Great
and Little Osage Indians, which treaty was
concluded September 29, 1805, and proclaimed
January 21, 1807, any actual settler upon any
portion of said land, not exceeding one hun-
dred and sixty acres, ivho has made improve-
ment thereon, and who is a citizen of the United
States, shall have the privilege of purchasing
the same at the highest price bidden by any
bonajide settler, and shall be entitled to pay for
the same in four actual installments of twenty-
five per cent, each, with interest on the same
at the rate of five per cent, per annum; the
first of said installments to be paid at the expi-
ration of one year from the date of said sale,
under such rules and regulations as may be
prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to say that under
the treaty between the United States and the
Great and Little Osage Indians the sale of
these lands was provided for. It was stipu-
lated under the treaty that the lands should
not be subjected to either homestead entry or
preemption, but sold to the highest bidder.
Before the treaty was made known by procla-
mation hundreds, and perhaps thousands, of
honest settlers had entered upon these lands in
good faith. They have made improvements
upon them, and have au equitable right to the
lands they occupy on the payment of the price
which they will bring in the public market.
They are, however, poor men, whose only
means in the world were such as to enable
them to go on these lands, put up their cabins,
and make their little improvements. They are
wholly unable, at the public sale which is to
come oft in May next, to compete with specu-
lators in the purchase of these lands, if the
purchase money must bo paid in hand.
This joint resolution simply provides that a
credit shall be given for the purchase money,
that it may be paid in annual installment,s, with
interest at the rate of five per cent, per annum,
so that those settlers who may desire to pur-
chase may have time and opportunity to raise
means to pay the purchase money which may
be exacted of them at the public sale in the
bidding which may take place. The present
holders of these lands will be entitled to their
improvements, of course, if they pay the high-
est price offered for the land. The equity of
the case is manifest, and I hope no objection
will be made to this little relief, which is all
wo can give under the treaty.
_ No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 227) enabling actual settlers
to purchase certain lands obtained of the Great
and Little Osage Indians was received, and
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. JULIAN. I now yield to the- gentle-
man from Minnesota, [Mr. Donnelly,] who
desires to move au amendment.
Mr. DONNELLY. I move to amend the
joint resolution by adding the fallowing:
Provided, Jiowcver, That at said sale both the odd
and the even numbered sections in said reservation
shall bo offered for public sale under tho terms of
this resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I would
inquire where this land is situated?
Mr. JULIAN. In Kansas.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It is an
Indian reservation, and required to be sold to
the highest bidder?
Mr. JULIAN. Yes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. And this
joint resolution provides that actual settlers
who may be bidders shall be allowed a credit?
Mr. J ULIAN. Yes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Does it
apply to those only who are now actual settlers,
or does it apply to those also who may be
actual settlers at the time the land may be
offered for sale ?
Mr. JULIAN. The joint resolution as now
drawn speaks of bona fide settlers upon the
land, who have made improvements on it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Are there
now bona fide settlers upon the lands?
Mr. JULIAN. Several hundreds of them.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
no objection to tho resolution if it be made to
apply to those who are now actual settlers
upon these lauds. But I must object to it if
it applies to those who may rush in hereafter.
Mr. JULIAN. I have no objection to such
an amendment as the-gentleman suggests.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If tho
joint resolution bo so amended as to apply to
those who are now actual settlers on tlie land
I shall have no objection. I desire an amend-
ment, so as to apply to actual settlers on the
6th day of March.
Mr. JULIAN. I consent to that amend-
ment.
The SPE\Ivl?R. The bill will be so modi-
fied it'there is no objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. HARDING. Mr. Speaker, I think it is
the interest of the country to have these lands
settled at as early a day as possible. I hope
the Government will not hold these lands as
against actual settlers for even one day. I
hope we shall not adopt any amendment which
will prevent the people of the West from set-
tling upon these lands, if, when tho sale is made,
they bid as much as auybody else.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If they
bid more than anybody else they will get the
land. " «
Mr. HARDING. Let this measure of relief
be applied to all settlers.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. There is
no reason why credit should be given to those
who may go in after this time.
Mr. HARDING. Well, then, let the condi-
tions be the same, with the exception of the
credit.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman from Kan-
sas [Mr. Clarkk] desires to say a word on this
subject, and I yield to him.
. Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I desire to
make a remark or two in connection with this
bill, and especially in connection with the
amendment which has been offered by the gen-
tleman from Minnesota, [Mi\Donnelly.] The
Commissioner of the General Land Office,
after this treaty had been ratified by the Sen-
ate, made a decision that the railroad grant of
the Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Galveston
railroad did not apply to these lands, the grant
having been made under a law passed previous
to the ratification of the treaty. An appeal
was taken by one of the Senators from my
State, Senator Ross, to the Secretary of the
Interior. I hold in my hand an elaborate
opinion of the Secretary of the Interior, re-
versing the decision of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, and declaring that
the railroad grant does apply to the iand.
Now, sir, for the protection of the settlers on
these lands, who went there in good faith with
the consent of the Government, I desire that
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Minnesota shall prevail, so that on the- 1st
day of May, when the sale of these lands shall
be made in accordance with the proclama-
tion of the President, both the odd and even
numbered sections maybe offered for sale, and
that the settlers upon those lands may have an
opportunity of securing the lands upon which
they have settled and made their homes, ^hia
resolution has, after careful consideration, re-
ceived not only the unanimous approval of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom it was
first referred, but also the approval of the
Committee on Public Lands. The proclama-
tion of the President has been issued; the sale
is to take place on the 1st day of May; and
unless this resolution be passed at this time,
hundreds and thousands of these settlers Will
be obliged to abandon the homes which they
have occupied for the last two years with the
consent of the Government. I hope this reso-
lution may receive the unanimous approval of
the House.
Mr. GARY. I would like to say one word
with the consent of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Julian-.]
Mr. JULIAN. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. CARY. I am in favor of this resolu-
tion, but think it should be amended by strib-
ingout the words "and who is a citizen of the
United States." I desire that the Germans
who have settled on these lands shall be pro-
tected, although they may not be citizens of
the United States. The settlers must, at any
rate, be actual residents.
The SPEAKER. The amendment offered
by the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Don-
nelly] is now pending, and no amendment is
now in order unless one germane to that.
Mr. JULIAN. I demand the previous
question, but yield to the gentleman from
Minnesota, [Mr. Donnelly.]
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, I trust
that this resolution may be passed by the
House. It is a resolution for the relief of the
settlers. If these lands had been the lands of
the United States the Committee on Public
Lands would undoubtedly have reported in fa-
vor of giving these settlers the right to take
them at $1 2o per acre. But the lands are
held by the United States in trust for certain
Indians, and under the provisions of the trust
as contained in the treaty made with those In-
dians the United States is required to sell these
lands to the highest bidder. Unless this pro-
tection or relief is afforded it will happen that
the rights of the actual settlers there will come
in conflict in all probability with non-resident
speculators, and the price of the land on which
they have made their improvements will be
driven by competition to a high figure beyond
the reach of these men, who are, as has been
stated upon this floor, poor men. We cannot
ask these Indians to give these lands to third
parties at a less price than they would bring
at public sale to- the highest bidder; but, as a
matter of equity and justice and generosity to
those poor men who have gone on these lands
and made improvements in good faith, we can
extend to them the relief which this resolution
proposes, namely, to give them time on the
payment. That is just what this resolution
proposes. The Indians for whom these lands
are held in trust will not suffer by it, because
they get the highest price, and they get it in
lour annual installments and the rate of inter-
est on the principal provided for in the treaty.
I do not, therefore, see this resolution is at ail
in conflict with the terms of the treaty or with
good faith toward tlicm, or as working them
any injury at all, while at the same time it will
be a measure of great relief to those poor and
honest men who have made these improve-
ments there. I trust, then, that the resolution
will meet with the unanimous approval of the
House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, so far as the amendment
1 have offered is concerned, the committee
have taken the ground these lands are really
the lands ofthese Indians, that the Cnited States
are connected with .them, as trustees, and they
