1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL CrLOBE-
205
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Loughridge.
Ho, .OF REPS.
to the loyal people, who had sacrificed two
hundred and fifty thousand lives of the noblest
and best of the land and spent $3,000,000,000
of treasure to subdue and disarm, the rebels,
"You have no right for one momenttoSeny ad-
mission to those rebels to the Halls of legisla-
tion, to your Senate, to your House of iiep-
resentatiyes. Open the doors.. Admit them
to their seats within the sacred precincts of the
halls of legislation, there to vote against all
pensions to yaur. wounded and invalid soldiers
and your widows, and. orphans of those who
have fallen for their country ; there to vote in
favor of the payment of the rebel debt, and
there to unite with their friends of the North
in all measures to crush out loyalty and reward
and honor treason and traitors."
To this Congress did not deem it proper to
assent, and reasserted, time and time again,
its prerogatives and its rights.
. In February, 1806, Congress passed, by a
very large majority, the following resolution .-
"Resolved, That in order to close agitation upon a
Suestion which seems likely to disturb the action of
io Government, as woll as to quiet the uncertainty
which is agitating the minds of the people of the
eleven States which have been declared to be in
insurrection, no Senator or .Representative shall be
admitted into either branch of Congress from any of
said States until Congress shall have declared such
State entitled to representation."
Abraham Lincoln, the Chief Executive of
the- United States, elected by the people for
this present term-, distinctly-recognized the
right of Congress to decide upon this question.
In a speech he made after the fall of Rich-
mond. the last speech of his life, made but four
days before his death, he used the following
language, and I commend it to those who claim
that Andrew Johnson is carrying out the plan
of Mr. Lincoln :
"I distinctly protest that the Executive claims no
right to say when or whether members should be ad-
mitted to seats in Congress trorn such States."
At that time the President and Congress
were in perfect accord as to the power and
jurisdiction of Congress over the admission to
Congress of the rebel States. Mr. .Lincoln
freely acknowledged and accorded the power
of Congress over the subject. And in the ex-
ercise of that power and as preliminary to the
admission of such States, Congress, in January,
1800, proposed to the States for adoption certain
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States, which were in the judgment of Congress
considered necessary for the future security and
peace of the country and the rights of all the
people.
Those amendments thus proposed provided:
First. For the full protection of all citizens,
native and naturalized.
Second. Forequality of representation among
all the States of th'e Union and doing away with
the unjust advantage in that respect that the
southern States have always enjoyed.
Third. Prohibiting men who had once taken
an oath to support the Constitution of the
United States and held office, and afterward
went into the rebellion, and thus committed
the do'uble crime of perjury and treason, from
holding office. .
Fourth. For'the validity of the public debt
and'for the security of the payment of pensions
to soldiers aud their widows and orphans, and
prohibiting- the payment of the rebel debt.
These amendments, were submitted to the
States for ratification, and it was the well under-
stood policy of Congress that upon the adoption
of these amendments as part of the Constitu-
tion the rebel States should be readmitted to
full participation 'in the Goverhment. The
President afonce set about opposing the adop-
tion of'thoSe amendments by the rebel States
and used all the power and patronage of his
office'to prevent their ratification, and through
his influence they were rejected by all the rebel
States.
In the general election of I860 for members
af Congress this whole question was submitted
to the people at the ballot-box, and the people
by overwhelming majorities decided in favor
of the policy of Congress and against that of
the President, and the members of the present
House of Representatives were elected.
But, sir, strange, unaccountably strange to
say, this decisive verdict of thepeople, spoken
through the ballot-box and thundered "in his
ears, had no effect to change the course of the
President. He has ever since blindly and
obstinately continued his course of opposition
to Congress.
After the election of 1866 the rebel States,
having through the advice of the President re-
jected the proposed amendments Congress
passed, what is known as the reconstruction
acts, authorizing and empowering the people
of the rebel States to call conventions and
frame constitutions republican in form and to
then apply for admission to Congress—this act
was vetoed by the President, and was passed
over the veto and became law.
It then by the Constitution became and was
the duty of the President to "take care" that
the law so enacted was "faithfully executed
this was his sworn duty. Has he performed
that duty? No, sir; on the contrary, while lie
executed it in form and under protest by ap-
pointing the officers required by its terms for
the purpose of its execution, j-et he has in
every possible manner thrown obstacles in the
way of the faithful execution of the law by the
officers having its execution in charge.
He removed from the commands to which
they had been appointed under the law the
brave, gallant, and true soldiers, Sheridan,
Sickles, and Pope, for no other reason than
that they were endeavoring to carry out the
law in good faith according to the spirit and
purpose thereof. He continually and persist-
ently denounced the law as unconstitutional,
taking advantage of every opportunity tor that
purpose in his official communications to Con-
gress, in his remarks to committees who from
time to time wailed upon him, and in his
speeches to promiscuous crowds in the streets,
and from the balconies ot hotels as he jour-
neyed around the country, with the apparent
object of arousing in the minds of the people
an antipathy against Congress. lie has used
all the patronage of his office, all his influence,
public and private, to prevent the people of
the rebel States from accepting the terms pro-
posed by Congress and organizing under the
ia'.v. And I have no hesitation m assorting
that but for his inHuence against it all of the
rebel States would have accepted the terms
proposed by Congress, and would to-day have
been fully restored aud represented in the Sen-
ate and House of lleprcsentatives.
Aud now, sir, I come to the last and crown-
ing act of infamy in the inglorious career of
this unfaithful public servant. On the 21st of
the present month, Edwin 11. Stanton was, as
he still is, Secretary of War, and in possession
of the office and its records and papers. lie
had filled that position and performed its ardu-
ous duties during the greater part of the war
against the rebellion ; he had endeared himself
to the country by the laborious and faithful
discharge of the duties of the office during the
dark days of the struggle for national existence,
and I say, sir, what no candid man will deny,
that no man in this country has done more hard
labor for the Government, no man in civil
life has contributed more to its success, than
Edwin M. Stanton a3 Secretary of W ar. A
true, faithful, and tried patriot and a public
officer of distinguished ability, the feeling of
the nation was that he was the right man in
the right place ; and yet on account of his re-
fusal to join with the President in his opposi-
tion to the policy and laws of Congress he in-
curred the displeasure of that officer. And on
the 12th of August last he was suspended and
General Grant appointed Secretary of War ad
interim; and on the meeting of Oongiess the
President sent in to the Senate his reasons for
such suspension. The Senate refused to con-
cur in such removal, and General .Grant at
once surrendered .the office to Mr. Stanton.-
Having thus failed to obtain the consent of the
j Senate to the removal of Mr: Stanton, tbe.Pres,-
ident determined to remove him upon fcis own
responsibility, the-Constitution and laws-to."the
contrary notwithstanding-. And' in pursuance
of such determination, on the 21sl instant, he
sent the Secretary a, written cotumwrieation io
the following words-:
• ExKctmvi? "Mansips, , '
Washington, Febram-y 21,1568.
Sir: By virtue of the power and authority vested
in me as President, by the Constitution aud laws of
the United States, you are hereby l ernoved from office
as Secretary of War, aud your iuuettons as such will
terminate upon the receipt ot this communication,
You will trans£prto BrevetM.ijor General Lorenzo
Thomas, Adjutant General of the Army, who has this
day been authorized and empowered to act as Secre-
tary of War ad interim, all records, books, papers, and
other public property now in yuurcustody orcharge.
Respectfully yours, A^DltKW JOHNSON.
Hon. Bdwik M. Staxton.
On the same day the President sent to the
Senate, then in session, a communication in-
forming the Senate that-he had removed Mr.
Stanton and appointed General Thomas Secre-
tary of War ad interim. The Senate imme-
diately adopted the following resolution :
"Resolved by the Seriate of the United States, That
under the Constitution and laws of the United States,
the .President has no power to remove the Secretory
ot War and designate any other olhcer to perform
the duties of that oilicer."
Copies of this resolution were immediately
sent to the President and General Thomas ;
and yet, alter this action of the Senate, and
after he had been officially informed thereof,
the President directed the said Thomas to. enter
upon the discharge of the duties of the office
and to take possession of the books aud papers
of the War Department, and by virtue of sueh
direction Thomas formally made demand of
the same which was lighttully refused by Mr.
Stanton. And there is no douot. but that fur two
days after said appointment the President med-
itated taking forcible possession of the War
Office by the aid of the military. And it will,
in my opinion, be shown hereafter that he
attempted to control a portion of the military
for that purpose, but failed to find any officers
who would lend themselves to his revolutionary
purposes.
Now, sir, here is an open, direct, and pal-
pable violation both of the Constitution ana of
the statutes of the country. What are the
provisions of the Constitution in relation to the
power of the President to remove officers?
All we find in the Constitution is in section
five, article two, as follows:
"The President shall nominate, and by and with
the advice and consent of the benate shall appoint,
embassadors, other public; mmi.-ters, and consuls,
judges of the Supreme Court, and at! other officers
ot the United States whose appointments are not
herein otherwise provided lor, and whieh shall be
established bylaw: but Congress may by law vest
the appointment ot such interior officers us they
think propel in the Piesident alone, in the coui ts of
law, or in the heads ot Depai imeuts. The President
shall have power to till up alt vaeaneu-sthat may hap-
pen during the recess oi the Senate by granting com-
missions winch shall expire at the end ol their next
session."
Then, sir, it is plain that by the Constitution
the President has no power to remove an offi-
cer when the Senate is in session, the appoint-
ment of which officer requires the consent of
the Senate. JJe has no more power to remove
the Secretary of War while the Senate is in
session than he has the Speaker of this House
or the President of the Senate. And yet, right
m the face of the Constitution, ot' which he has
prated so much in his demagogue harangues,
and of which he claims to be the special de-
fender, he has attempted to remove absolutely
the Secretary of War aud put another in his
place when the Senate was lii session and with-
out the knowledge or consent of that body ;
and after the Senate notified him ot the ille-
gality of the act hestillinsisted aP<-nl cairymg it
out, and ordered his new appomi.ee to take
possession of the office. In this transaction
