1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
are not public lands. If they were public
lands the right of preemption and homestead
settlement would attach to them and the set-
tlers would take the lands without asking assist-
ance from Congress in this form. It seems,
however, that the Secretary of the Interior,
while holding they were not public lands so
far as the settlers were concerned, has, at the
same time, held they were public lands so far
as railroads were concerned. So this is an-
other illustration of the old anecdote of the
hunter who shot at a calf so he would hit it if it
were a deer and miss it if it were a calf. [Laugh-
ter.] They were public lands for railroads,
but not public lands for settlers. I trust, sir,
that the resolution will be adopted with my
amendment.
Mr. DKIGGS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to mo.
Mr. JULIAN. For how long?
Mr. DKIGG-S. For a minute or two. I only
want to say, in answer to the gentleman from
Ohio, there is no necessity for striking out the
word "citizen." The resolution provides for
the actual settlers upon these lands, whether
they be native or foreign. The laws of the
United States provide that every one entering
lands for homestead or preemption shall be a
citizen of the United States or- have declared
his intention to become such, but any one may
purchase lands at a stated price without being
a citizen of the United States. I think that
the pending resolution provides for the benefit
of all these actual settlers. There is no neces-
sity, therefore, for the introduction of the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. CA.11Y. If the gentleman will permit,
the resolution provides not only they shall be
actual settlers, butactual citizens of the United
States.
Mr. DBIGGS. If that be so then I do not
object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It seems
to me this resolution does not accord with the
terms of the treaty. I have not seen the treaty,
but 1 believe it provides these lands shall be
sold to the highest bidder for the benefit of
these Indians. Now, as I understand the res-
olution, it does not so provide. It provides
these lands shall be sold to the highest bidder
who is an actual settler. Such is the language
of the resolution, as gentlemen will find if they
look at it. If speculators are disposed to come
in and pay a higher price for these lands, that
is the privilege of these Indians under the
treaty, and they should have it. I will go as
far as any one to protect the actual settlers,
but we must secure to these Indians the right
they have under the treaty.
Mr. JULIAN. There is an error in the bill,
made through some inadvertence, and it will
be corrected.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Let it be
modified so as to provide these lands shall be
sold to the highest bidder. I am in favor of
giving credit to these actual settlers.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
the amendment of the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin and the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio will be considered as adopted.
Mr. CABY. I modify my amendment, first,
so as to insert " or who has declared his inten-
tion to become a citizen of theUnited States."
There being no objection, the amendments
were agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. Donnelly's amendment was then
adopted.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr, JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HENRY GKEATHOtrSE AND SAMUEL KELLY.
Mr. FAKNSVYORTH, from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
back Senate bill No. 108, for the relief of Henry
Greathouse and Samuel Kelly, with an amend-
ment.
The bill directs the Postmaster General to
adjust and settle the claim of the aforesaid
parties for carrying the mails from Placerville
to Idaho City, and from Fayetteville to Placer-
ville, in the Territory of Idaho, from July 1,
1804, to July 1, 1865, and to award to them
for said service such sum as may be in accord-
ance with the principles of equity and justice,
provided that the amount so allowed shall not
exceed §12,000.
The amendment reported by the commit-
tee was to strike out "$12,000" and insert
"$5,000."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. These parties car-
ried the mail on the routes indicated for a
year without contract. Post offices had been
established at the places mentioned, but no
contract had been entered into for carrying the
mail. These parties were running a stage line.
They asked for $25,000. The committee of
the Senate concluded to allow a sum not ex-
ceeding §12,000. In the opinion of the com-
mittee of the House they ought not to be al-
lowed more than $5,000. It appears that after
this service was performed the Department
contracted for carrying this mail on the same
route for something like eight thousand dollars,
and the mails are heavier now than then. These
parties would have run a stage anyhow, and
they took the mail as a convenience for the
offices and people of the Territory. In the
opinion of the committee $5,000 is a sufficient
compensation.
I have two letters from the Second Assistant
Postmaster General, which I ask the Clerk to
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Post Office Department,
Contract Office,
Washington, January £8,1868.
Sir ; I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of
your letter of the 24th instant, aslcins l'or informa-
tion in relation to mail servieo of "Greathouse X
Kelly, between I'lacorvillo and Idaho City, from
Julv 1, 18tU, to July ], 1805, m order that we may
bo able to report on bill now before us, asking for
compensation for carrying mail on that route.'' In
reply thereto, you arc informed that the flies of this
Department show that thoseivieo claimed to have
been performed was performed, nnd that it was vain-
able to the offices at Piacerville, Fayetteville, and
Idaho Citv, which were supplied with mails hy it.
In fact, it was their only means of supply, as the Do-
partinenthud made no arrangement for the f-ervice,
except to establish the offices and authorize post-
masters to employ cariiors at a puce not exceeding
t.he net receipts tor postage. Afterward, when tile
service had been duly advertised, the route supplying
Placerville and Idaho City was let (from J uly 1,
1866) to the lowest bidder at £8,000 per annum. At
the same lotting the lowest bid for the Payetteyille
route was $2,400 per annum.
The Depaitmeiit has not authority to pay this
claim without, special legislation by Congress, for the
reason that it has no right, under the law, to pay for
mail service performed without its authority or in-
structions from its duly empowered agents.
Very respectfully, ^ M AN>
Second Assistant Postmaster (jencral.
Hon. John Hill, House of iteprcsentatives.
Post Office Department,
Contract Office.
"Washington, March 2,1S6S.
Sir: The Postmaster G-enoral has referred to this
office your note of the alst ultimo, inclosing papers
in the case of Greathouse & Kelly, claimants for com-
pensation for carrying mails in Idaho Territory in
1864 and 1805.
In answer, you are referred to a letter on tlio sub-
ject addressed to Jlon. John Hill, of New Jersey,
and on the Post Office Committee, dated January 28
last, a copy of which is inclosed.
In further explanation it may bestatedthatallthe
post offices in question were established by the Post-
master General as snccial, under the provisions of
the latter clause of section four of the act of Congress
approvedMareh 3.182-5; that is. the compensation of
tho carriers of the mail to be derived entirely from
the postage "which shall arise on letters, newspapers,
magazines, and packets conveyed," and limited to tho
rates usually paid for similar sorvice in the same sec-
tion of country.  
The offices mentioned were establishedand the car-
riers' pay limited, as follows: Placerville, estab-
lished September 15, 1863, limit of pay, Sl.pOQ Per
year; Idaho City, established. July 9, 1804, limit of
pay, &150 per year:. i'ayet! evillc, establishedSuly 22.
1864, limit of pay, $700.  
It appears hy reference to th.e booxs of the Audi-
tor's office that nothing was paid by the postmasters
to the carrieis during tho time mentioned, namely:
from July 1, 1864, to Juno 30,1865, inclusive.
The papers are herewith returned.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant. „
GEORGB W. McLEkliAH,
Second Assistant Postmaster General.
Hon. J. F. Farnsworth, Chairman Committee cm the
Post Office and Post Jioads, House of Liepresentatives.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed. «
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; arid
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD BRIDGE IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the same com-
mittee, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 593)
to amend an act entitled "An act to authorize
the construction of certain bridges and to es-
tablish them as post roads," with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill amends the act approved July 25,
1866, by inserting after the word "Minnesota,"
where it first occurs in the eighth section, the
words "the La Crosse, Tempeleau, and Pres-
cott Railroad Company, a corporation existing
under the laws of the State ot Wisconsin."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is simply to
correct a mistake. The Legislature of Wis-
consin, in chartering a company, called it by
one name and the Legislature of Minnesota by
another. The act of Congress authorized a
bridge to be built, but incorporated in the act
a wrong name. This gives the right name. I
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the biil was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jonathan jussup.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, from
the same committee, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 8t>7) for the relief of Jonathan Jessup,
postmaster at York, Pennsylvania; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It directs the Aaditor-of
the Post Office Department to allow Jonathan
Jessup, of York, Pennsylvania, the sum of
$1,807 30 in auditing his accounts for the fiscal
year 18(37.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. In
explanation of this bill, I ask that the letters
from the Post Office Department, which I send
to the Clerk's desk, be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Post Office Department,
Contract Office, Inspection Division, w
Washington, Dec ember 13. IStti.
Sir : On the 12th day of April,1867, the postmaster
at York, Pennsylvania, reported to this Department
that at sometime during the nightofthe 11th instant
his office was broken into and his liro-prooi sale
blown or.cn and $1,1U0 worth of postago stamps and
$207 36 in money abstracted therelcom. ihe matter
was immediately referred to a special agent ior in-
vestigation, who reported as lollows;
"April 24.—Left lor York, Pennsylvania, to inves-
tigate the robbery of the post ofiico at that place#
April 25, York, Pennsylvania.—This was a wholesale
robbery, the burglars blowing open the tire-proof
and abstracting $1,100 in postage stamps and over
two hundred dollars in money. No trace ot the ras-
cals." ,
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGIA W. MeLKLLAN,
Second Assistant Postmaster General,
Hon. George v. Lawrence, M. C., Bouse of Repre*
se-ntatwes, Washington,
