1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3753
as aforesaid prior to the time at which this act shall
take effect.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It seems to me the
penalty in the first of these sections is rather
severe. "The ship or vessel on board of
which such shipment was made, or pretended
to be made, shall be forfeited to the United
States, whether a conviction of the master or
owner be had or otherwise, and proceedings
may be had in admiralty by libel for such for-
feiture." This is a forfeiture of the entire
vessel in consequence of the misconduct of a
mere agent, without default of the owner of
the ship. I am told this is the present pro-
vision in our customs laws. Whether found in
them or not, it seems to me a very unreason-
able provision of law. The owner may not be
at the port; he may confide his vessel to an
agent in perfect good faith, and that agent, by
his own misconduct and fraud, may induce an
entire forfeiture of the vessel of the owner.
I think it is a shocking provision—grossly
unjust.
Mr. SHERMAN. This, as the Senator
says, is substantially copied from the present
law in regard to exported merchandise, and
the forfeiture is only in cases of fraud.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Only where
the owner shall "knowingly aid or abet."
Mr. SHERMAN. The language is "and
the ship or vessel on board which such ship-
ment"—that refers to the previous provision.
"Any owner, agent, or master of any vessel,
who shall knowingly aid or abet in the fraudu-
lent collection or fraudulent attempt to collect
any drawback upon rum or alcohol, or shall
knowingly aid and permit any fraudulent
change 111 the spirits so shipped''—in such eases
where there is a palpable fraud by the owner,
agent, or mastei of the vessel, it is to be for-
feited. That is the present law in cases of
fraud against the customs. It seems to me a
less penalty than that ought not to be enforced.
Mr. BUCKALEW. ft would be all right
where the owner himself committed fraud, but
tins; applies to cases where the agent does it,
and he can do it at another port.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the law of com-
mon carriers the owner of a vessel is liable for
want of care, negligence, and so on, and may
lose his whole vessel by the want of care or
negligence of the master. The law of common
carriers, as we all know, is extremely severe.
This is 110 more severe than that. Where an
owner intrusts his vessel to a master or agent
employed by him, and that agent or master is
guilty of a palpable fraud knowingly, the pro-
vision is that the vessel shall be forfeited. The
same provision is made in cases of smuggling,
and the same rule applies to all common car-
riers and to exporting goods in bond now. It
is not a new principle at all, and my impression
is that the clause is copied from the customs
law.
ilr. BUCKALEW. 1 only wished to diaw
attention to it.
Mr. HOWE. I see the amount of drawback
is limited to sixty cents. Why is that?
Mr. SHERMAN. The whole amount of
tax levied on whisky by this bill amounts to
about sixty-five cents.
Mr. IIOW'E. How is that?
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a special tax of
four dollars on every cask of forty gallons.
That is levied monthly, so that the actual tax
levied by this bill directly on spirits is sixty
cents, and in addition to that there are other
taxes that bring the amount to about sixty-five
cents.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not sixty-five cents in
addition?
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; about sixty-five cents
altogether. We allow a drawback of sixty
cents. Under the present drawback system
five per cent, is always deducted.
Mr. SUMNER. The drawback is not quite
enough, rather than too much.
Mr. SHERMAN. We think it is just about
right. It is a little less than the tax.
Mr. JOHNSON. Apart is always reserved.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read as follows :
Seo. 55. And be it further enacted. That all dis-
tilled spirits in any bonded warehouse shall, witliin
six months alter the passage of this act. be with-
drawn from such warehouse, and tile tax paid on the
same; and the casks or packages containing said
spirits shall be marked and stamped, and be subjcct,
in all respects, to the same requirements as if manu-
factured alter the passage of this act. And any dis-
tilled spirits remaining in any bonded warehouse for
a period of more than six months after the passage
of this act shall be forfeited to the United States,
andshall be sold or disposed of for the benefit of the
same in such manner as shall be prescribed by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury.
TheCommitteeon Finance propose to amend
this section by striking out the word "six"
and inserting "twelve" before "months" in
lines two and nine respectively.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suppose the commit-
tee have considered this subject carefully; I
have not. I have been told by men from my
State that this entire section is very objection-
able. They allege that abroad liquors are
allowed to remain in store an indefinite length
of time under legal custody; and the effect
of limiting the time here to six months or a
year will be to interfere very seriously with
certain manufacturers of fine spirits, what are
called fine whiskies, for instance, where their
value depends on the lapse of several years.
The manufacturers of that article, above all
others, ought to be encouraged ; and if there
be no very strong reason looking to the inter-
ests of the revenue for a limitation of six or
twelve months, 1 think the time should be left
indefinite. At all events, it should be made
longer. Manufacturers in Pennsylvania and
Kentucky of what are called fine whiskies,
men of capital and of character also, who de-
sire to hold in store for a number of years the
very fine article which they manufacture, in my
judgment ought to be permitted to do so.
Frauds are not to be expected from these
men ; they are to be expected from the hasty
operators in the cities and at other points who
desire to manufacture in haste, and to dispose
of the spirits in haste also, and realize returns ;
adventurers in the trade ; men without solid
capital; men who intend to conduct their busi-
ness upon the absence of honest principles.
Why should a manufacturer of what are called
fine whiskies in western Pennsylvania and at
other points be obliged to pay tax upon his
whisky which he desires to hold in store, and
will hold in store at all events years before he
sells it?
Unless, as I said before, there is some very
strong reason looking to the interests of the
revenue, I think these persons ought not to be
obliged to pay the tax within that limited time.
It discourages the production of fine whisky.
It presses upon the very class of producers who
are entitled to favor and indulgence and who
will treat the Government honestly,who, above
all others, will pay the tax. Here you oblige
them to pay it years before they desire to sell
the article, force them to throw it upon the
market at an unseasonable time. You em-
barrass and oppress them in their business;
and, as far as I can understand, you do not
advance the interests of the Government at all
while you disturb the traffic in this article.
The tendency of it, it seems to me, is very
questionable ; and I should like to have some
explanation of the proposed limitation. The
committee, as I said before, doubtless have
considered this subject better than I have. I
merely state the impressions on my mind.
Mr. SHERMAN. We certainly did con-
sider this matter very fully, and made this
change after hearing all who came before us.
If the Senator will look at this section he will
see that it does not relate to distilled spirits m
a distillery warehouse: it simply .applies to
the stock on hand. We are about to change
from one system to another. By this bill we
abolish what is called the bonded-warehouse
system ; but we have now on hand twenty-five
million gallons of whisky. Hereafter there
will be no bonded warehouses in which whisky
can be stored. It must be stored lieieafter at
the distillery warehouse; it cannot be taken
from that until the tax is paid. The House
of Representatives first proposed to give three
months within which to pay the tax on all t he
stored whisky on hand in the United States.
It was complained that this would be ruinous
in many cases, requiring them to pay (be tax
before it could get to market. They asked for
more time* The House, after considerable
hesitation, gave them six months; that is, sup-
posing the act takes effect on the 1st of August,
it would give them until the 1st of February to
pay the tax. The same parties, however, came
to us, and said that six months would not be
sufficient to absorb the whisky on hand, that
for reasons with which we were perfectly famil-
iar, on account of the passage of the law of
last January, great quantities of whisky were
in store, and they could not get a market for
that large amount in six months. They com-
plained, also, that new whisky which would be
distilled would take the place of old whisky for
a great variety of purposes, and the old whisky
now in store would not be absorbed in the
market in six months. Hence they wanted
more time. So, after full consideration, we
agreed to give them twelve months, which I
believe is as much as any of them asked. We
place the article on. the same footing that we
do the newly distilled -spirits.
I have no doubt that we shall have nore
trouble in getting the assent of the House of
Representatives to this extension of time for
taking spirits out of bond than to any other
amendment that is proposed. My own opinion
is that the amendment is just, that twelve
months is about a reasonable time within which
a market must be found for the whisky, or, if
not, the owners must take it and pay the tax
on it and keep it in store themselves. Wc
cannot continue the present bonded-warehouse
system longer than one year for their benefit.
It is said they have to pay their money and
hold on to their whisky so much the longer;
but why do they hold on to it? Simply because
by holding on to it they enhance the price. In
one year whisky doubles in value, in three
years it'trebles, and I suppose my i'riend from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] and my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Buckalew] know that in
ten years whisky which originally cost twenty-
five cents a gallon is worth five dollars a gal-
lon. Those who own it make their profit by
holding on, and they ought not to ask the Gov-
ernment of the United States to hold it in store
at our risk and our expense and they get all
the profit. As a matter of course, if we hold
it in store for them we ought to share with
them the profit of holding it; we ought to in-
crease the tax according to the length of time
it is held ; but that is not proposed. I believe
we have been very liberal to the holders ol the
slock on hand by giving them twelve months
in which to pay the reduecd tax of fifty cents a
gallon. I believe there is no complaint in this
regard. Indeed, if the House of Representa-
tives assent to tins amendment, it will be as
much as they can expect, and 1 think as much
as they do expect.
Mr. DAVIS. In two collection districts in
Kentucky there are now upward of forty thou-
sand barrels of whisky in bonded warehouses.
The honorable Senator from Ohio has very
frankly narrated the ground of complaint which
the holders of that whisky made against the
time allowed by the bill as itwas passed by the
House of Representatives. The twelve months
now proposed is certainly much more advan-
tageous to them than the six months would be,
but it operates hardly upon them in this point
of view : it forces them to bring a large stock
of whisky upon the market, and flood the mar-
ket, and will not enable them to make the
more deliberate and more profitable disposi-
tion of the stock on hand which a still further
extension of time would do. If the honorable
chairman would consent to divide the time in
which this tax shall be paid, so as to provide
that one half shall be paid within twelve
months, and one halt within two yeais lioin
the time the act goes into operation, I have no
