1668.
THE 0©N(lltK8SI0iMi:L GLOBB.
321
hind, which takes precedence as a question of
privilege
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to ask the honorable ;
Senator l'rum Maryland if he will not be kind
enough to allow the matter which the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Afl'airs de-
sires to bring up to be brought up now. .it
will take but a lew moments of time.
Mr. JOHNSON. If it will uot lead to
debute I have not the slightest objection.
Mr. DRAKE. I do uot thiuk it will lead to
debate.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to ask the Senator
from Maryland whether he proposes to pro-
ceed to day with the consideration of the eaae
to which be calls attention.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not propose to ask
a vote on the question to-day, However im-
portant 1 esteem it to be, and however desira-
ble I think its early settlement is; bat I wish
it to be taken up in order that we may make
some progress, and then I shall wove to post-
pone it.
Mr. SUMNER. I was going to observe
that 1 find for the first time the papers in the
case on my table to-day. I have not had an
opportunity of looking into them,, and before
it is proceeded with I should like to be able to
peruse them.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
will have that opportunity, as far ae I am con-
cerned, certainly. 1 only wish it to be taken
up now that I may make a short statement, i
and then move that it he paseed over until
to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of th« Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. HOWAUD. I hope this motion wit!
not be pressed at this moment. I find on my
table this morning a somewhat voluminous
report of evidence taken in the case of Mr.
Thomas, a gentleman who claims a seat here.
I have not had time to read that document or
to consider it at all. It has not made its
appearance until this morning-.' 1 hope, there-
fore, the honorable Senator from Maryland
will see fit to let the case lie as it is for a few
days until we can all nave an opportunity of
reading the evidence. 1 observe that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom the matter
■was referred, have not made any recommenda-
tion specifically one way or the other as to the
admission of Mr. Thomaa, preferring, as they
wiBely did, perhaps',' that the whole mattet-
ghould be left to the Senate without any recom-
mendation on their part. I do not find any '
fault with this, although I should feel stronger
if that committee had presented a report
expressing their views on die question submit-
ted to them. I hope the Senator ftorti Mary-
land will a4fow the matter tx  lie over for the
present until we can look into the papew. '
Mr. JOHNSON. My friend from Michigan
perhaps did n#t bear what I stated in answer
to my friend from Massachusetts. I said it
-was not my purpose to ask a vote to-day. I
desired to make a very short statement and
should then wove that the .matter be postponed,
so that the Senate may have an opportunity of
reading'the evidence taken before the com-
mittee.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly, I have no ob-
jection if that is the object ef the Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the rootaou of the Senator from
Maryland.
The motion was agreed to.
The PiiEStDEN L' pro itmpore. The mas-
ter is before-the Senate; -!
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the subject
now before us, it' Seems to me, oughtto hare
been disposed of long since. The delay, how-
ever, was not owing to any want ofdiligeUee
on the part of the Committee on the Judiciary,
to whom the matter-was referred. They deemed
it projier, as objections to the admission of my
colleague on his credentials were made and
founded upon specific statements prejudicial to
him or to his right, that they should take all
the evidence that was to be obtained on theone
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 21.
side and the other. Thei committee found that
the principal witnesses to one of the most im-
portant of the objections were so unwell in New
1 ork, the place of their residence, that it was
out of our power to obtain ibeir attendance
uuiil just before the late recess; indeed -,ve were
not able to obtain the attendance of one of
them because of his continued and severe ill-
ness, a matter which in common with all who
know him I exceedingly regret.
The Semite perhaps will remember that
when objection to Mr. Thomas taking bis seat
upon his credentials was made it was said that
perhaps he was uot entitled to bis Beat upon
two grounds, or rather upon one ground* dia.-
loyalty to the Govern meat as exhibited upon
two .separate occasions. The.first was thai
while he was Secretary of the Treasury, a situ&>-
tion, to which he was called by the We Presi-
dent Buchanan eaely in the month of Decem-
ber, I860, he conspired with hU immediate
predecessor in so depleting the Treasury as to
render it. impossible for the Government to
maintain its credit by meeting the interest upon
its public debt, to mature D*t (be 1st of the
succeeding January, it was slated that' for
that purpose he had transferred the funds which
might have beeu applied to that object from
New York, where they were supposed t'  be, to
the South, where they would come at once iuto
the hands of the confederates, it being very
well ascertained at that time that it was the
purpose ef the southern States to go iuto a
condition of insurrection against the authority
of the Government. The other'fact relied
upon was brought to.the attention of the Sen-
ate by. my friend who is behind me, the honor-
able member from .Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] that
•u the night of his election or nomination by
the members of the State legislature of Mary-
land he made a speech which eviuced evident
disloyalty.
Upon both of these grounds, as the report
made by your comiarttee will show, the com-
mittee are of opintmi; that thertj, is no reason
at all to deny him his seat in this body. The
report of the speech to which Aha ve j utt alluded
which formed one ground o£ objtjftUOB appeared
in one -of the Baltimore daily' papers, the
American. Another report ot tkettaiue speech
appeared in auddher of-those papers, the Sun.
The report in-the drat of the papers was preju-
dicial to ray colleague f that in the second was
entirely ua«b}ectwnabla,4uafel the coiuuittiee, as
I have mid, are of opinion. Jliat so tfar as that
ground of objection ia.concerned there is no
reason why he should he denied his sejUu . ,
The charge in relation to depleting the Treas-
ury with a view traitorously to destroy its credit
was made in a report by the directors of, the
Bank of Commerce of New York to its.share-
holders, some time in 1862 or. 18W3, 1. forget
which year: - Mr. Thomas went cmt ofo tbce in the
latter part of December, I80O, or early in- J ant
uary, 1861. That report was very prejudicial,
and as iar as I am concerned^ if it had turned
out to be true, 1 should have held that ho was
not entitled to his seat j but it turns out, as 1
informed the Senate at the time it was sug-
gested here I had do doubt would be the case,
to be wholly unwarranted. This appears by
documents in the Treasury which,-independent
of aay parol evidence, made the matter in my
judgment perfectly!, clear. They show that
when Mr. Thomas became the incumbent of
that Department there was little or bo money
in the Treasury. His • predecessor—and it is
not for me to say that he acted from aay bad
native—had long before the commencement
of the iasurreetMD and his abandomnentof his
office asSacretary of the Treasury, bought .up
the public debt. There was then a large amount
of money in the Treasury, and he seems to have
thought (and I suppose the fresidentconcurred
with him) that it was to the interest of the
United States that the debt should be dis.-,
charged, and I think he purchased it at 1-12,
or perhaps as high as 118. The result, how-
ever, was that it almost bankrupted the Treas-
ury.
When Mr. Thomas, early in -the month of
December, I860) wiy much to his surprise, as
♦he Senate will see in a moment by what I
slihll state to them, became the head of that
Department, lie found to his astonishment Mid
great regret that such was the condition of
the Treasury. The interest upon the public
debt was to mature on the first of the succeed- ^
ing month—the 1st of January, 1861. The
greater proportion, if not the whole of it, was
pay:ible: in New York. He looked around to
nee how it was possible to meet the exigency.
I There were at that time outstanding drafts
! drawn in favor of'.the disbursing officers of the
j Government to an amount exceeding, I believe,
the amount of interest-to mature on the'1st of
I January; and heeuppodedfand hewasinduced
1 to act upoh the correothesB of that supposition
from bis anxiety to'save the credit of the Gov-
, ernmewt) that he could avail himself of thfc
fund upon which drafts had been1 drawn ih
favor of the disbursing officers, Mid at some
subsequent period reimburse- the Treasury so
6s to enable it to meet the drafts when they
should be presented. He wtote to thd then
sub-treasurer in New York, Mr.- Cisco, whose
character is -known to the w&ole country,
inquiring whether that e<HiW not be done, and
he was informed in reply that it-could not be
done; that the etedi-t of the Government would
suffer more by a/aiiareto meet th^ draftsdrawn
in favor of the disbursing- officers than perhaps
from-the failing to meet the interest on I her
public debti Those offioers had from-time to
time given checks, as be- supposed, and as
turned out,-'I believe* to be the fact, to those
to whom rlie Governmeiit was indebted, and
if those checks had- been - presented when the
funds were withdraw)* by the Secretary of the
Treasury in order to meet the interest on the
let of January they mtost have been dishonored.
in this condition df' things an application
was made to-Congress, arid Congress on the
17th of December, i860, passed an aet pro?
viding for a- loan of $10,000,01*0. They were
informed that.it-waft absolutely necessary that
funds'from some source or other should tee
realized, and they resorted to a loan with that
view. ■ They authorized the Secretary of the
Treasury, then Mr.'Thomas, to advertise for
any portion of that $10,000,000 that he might
think proper, giving not less than ten-days for
proposals to-be nade> ■ He got the statute on
the night of the 17th, or early on- the morning
of.the"l8tbi He took steps the-moment-the
biH was passed to ob«aiw atrauthentieated copy
of it, arid he did obtainit at the time 1 have
stated. ■ The moment-he-obtained it he issued
proposals for $5,OtM*,OGO, giving the shortest
notice that he vat authorizedto give by the
statute, tendays. The ten days would expire
Oh the 28th or 20th of the month. Certain
gentlemen in New York, who, of course, were
alive to $be credit of the Government, ascer-
taining that there were no funds thereto meet
the interest maturing on the 1M of January,'
becamealarmed for fear the credit of the Gov-
ernment-would suffer, as it would hare done if
the etfigeney had actually occurred, got to-
getherl and after deliberating for' soflse time
decided to propose fbr $l,&00,000 of the loan
at  n interest of twelve per eeot^-per annum.
Then the war had not commenced;-it could
not be said to have commenced at all until the
first gun was fired upon the flag in the port of
Charleston, when the nation property became
aroused, and every man with a loyal heart in
his bosom was willing to fly to arms. But that
was not the condition oa the 28th or 23th of
December. • -.They offered to take $ 1 ,.">00,000,
and in their offer as theyistated, and no doubt
cortfeotly^I beliere the offer itself shows that
their memory in that respect was correct—
they provided that the amount should be ap-
propriated to the payment of th% interest
maturing oh' the 1st of January, 1861, which
was $1,100,000. Mr. Thomas accepted the
bid at once.
The bank in whose name the bid was made,
although they "had not for themselves sub-
scribed to that amount entirely, the moment
they were advised - that their bid had head
