2730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June I,
let it go; but, for one, I do notexpect to indorse
that which in fact I condemn.
The PEES J DENTpro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to announce that the unfinished
business of yesterday is, before the Senate,
being the bill for the admission of the State
of Arkansas to representation.
Mr. EDMONDS. I ask that that be laid
aside informally to allow a vote to be taken on
this resolution. If ivo cannot get a vote in
ten minutes or so, I shall not press it further
to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the special order can
be passed over informally for a few minutes, I
will not object.
The PRESIDENT pro temporeIs there
any objection to the special order being passed
over informally? No objection being made,
it is passed over informally, and the resolution
. of thanks to Mr. Stanton is before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, there
is 110 public honor which could be paid to Mr.
Stanton that would not be personally gratify-
ing to me and of which I should not think him
worthy. I have before said, though not in
open session, that, as I conceived, Mere was
no man in this country who, in the events that
have gone before in the last seven years, lias ren-
dered greater services (if so great) tlian he has.
I can vote with great pleasure for the resolu-
tion upon the table in all its parts. I feel some
regret, however, that it should be so worded
as not to command a unanimous vote of this
body, and 1 could wish that it should receive
that. vote. But I see, although it is perfectly
agreeable to me as it stands, that there are
members who cannot give to all parts of it
their support. Therefore we must be content
with it as it is, and those of us who approve
the whole must indorse the whole.
Mr. President, at this late day, and after
what has been said, it is not advisable for me
to waste time in praising Mr. Stanton. I was,
as I have before said, intimate with him from
the time that he went into the War Office. I
had a chance to know him well, not only to
see, as all the world could see, the remarkable
energy and ability and purity with which he
discharged the duties of that great office, and
the services that he was thereby enabled to
render to his country at a most trying period,
but I could look still further and know, as I
did know and feel, the entire disinterestedness
of his action, the absence of all personal am-
bition, the absence of all looking forward to
any reward except the approbation of his own
conscience and the proud consciousness of ren-
dering great services to his country. If there
was any man connected with the Administra-
tion, not excepting the President himself, Mr.
Lincoln, who served bis country merely for
love of it and from the desire to save it from
the dangers that he saw impending and the
difficulties that hung over it, it was he.
Under these circumstances, although it is not
customary to pass votes of thanks for civil ser-
vices, I can, with pleasure, vote for making an
exception in this case. But I am more par-
ticularly willing to do so, and it is peculiarly
fitting, in my judgment, to do so, from the
facts that have since transpired. We all know
that since the termination of the war Mr. Stan-
ton has occupied a peculiarly trying position ;
and, sir, as I have before had occasion to say,
I think the position in which he has since been
placed has developed in him a greatness of
character which I did not know he possessed.
It is no trifling matter for a man to stand in
a position where the discharge of his duties,
as he understands those duties, exposes him
every day to misapprehension and obloquy. It
is a peculiar position to be placed in for an
officer of Government, more especially a mem-
ber of the Cabinet, so called, to hold on to his
office under circumstances when the majority
of lookers-on would think that it was his duty,
in good taste and delicacy, to retire. And yet,
sir. there are higher duties, there are higher
considerations applicable to the mind of a pub-
lic officer than the mere consideration of what
others may think of him or what construction
others may put upon his acts. If duty requires
him to put his character at hazard, it takes a
strong man to'do it. If duty to a man's coun-
try requires hiin to peril even the favorable
consideration (which is so dear to a public
man) of his fellow-citizens, it requires a man
of more than ordinary strength of character to
meet the exigencies and the responsibilities of
the occasion. Such has been the position in
which Mr. Stanton has been placed, as we all
know.
The honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Hendricks] has asked what he has done.
Without saying what he has done, we all know
. the position Mr. Stanton has occupied in rela-
tion to the President. The Senator says that
on a certain occasion he did not express posi-
tive opinions about certain laws which had
been passed and vetoed by the President, and
repassed over his veto. Sir, he said all that
the occasion would allow him to say, that they
had passed, and were laws; and he was not
called upon to express an opinion in regard to
them. I know very well that, although Mr.
Stanton thought it his duty to remain- in the
Cabinet, and to take the consequences which
public judgment might pass upon him for
remaining tlieie, he held it to be a matter of
duly not unnecessarily to place himself ill col-
hsjon with his chief. No man of good taste
and of good feeling would do so. The ques-
tion was whether he would remain and meet
the exigencies of the lime, avoiding, if possible,
all occasions when he might come in collision
with the chief whom he served, the head of
the Government.
Now, sir, we know that on these matters of
reconstruction, whatever might have been Mr.
Stanton's original opinion, whatever course of
action he might have acceded to at the begin-
ning of this last Administration, from the time
when Congress adopted its policy in opposition
to the policy of the President Mr. Stanton
considered it his duty to stand by that policy
of Congress, for he considered that Congress
was the proper tribunal to establish a policy on
the subject. In that I agreed with him; in
that we all agreed with him on this side of the
House. Congress was the proper tribunal to
establish what policy should be adopted with
reference to these confederate States out of the
Union, or out of practical relations to the
Union. He held that Congress was that tri-
bunal, and that it was his duty and the duty of
the executive Government to adopt its policy
and follow it and carry it out. This neces-
sarily brought him in collision with the head
of the Government, and probably with the rest
of the members of the Cabinet, and being in
that collision he thought it bis duty to remain
there. He deemed the crisis to the country to
be a very peculiar one. He deemed it the duty
of every man, placed as he was, to sacrifice his
own wishes, all feelings of delicacy, to what he
believed to be a great and overruling con-
tingency. And, sir, for that I honor him.
Few men, as I have said, would have the
courage and the manliness to do it. He was
man enough to do it all.
Under these circumstances, I approve of
what is said in the resolution with reference
to that very thing. Perhaps it might be worded
a little differently, although I do not see that
it could be much improved; but the idea is
that the fact that he has remained at his post
of duty from considerations of the highest
public good, willing to risk his great reputation
which he had acquired by the unsurpassed
services he had rendered in carrying to the
end that which be deemed to be for the coun-
try's good, entitles him to a still larger measure
of our approval.
I take pleasure, sir, in saying these things,
because 1 have had occasion many times to
hear matters spoken of that pained me with
regard to Mr. Stanton when I knew that he
was misunderstood and misrepresented. All
that is now dying away. As he retires from
that great office the public mind settles down
to the consideration of what lie has done, what
services he has rendered; and I think it
peculiarly fitting, under the circumstances of
the case, singular as they are, that Congress
should give an expression of ita approbation to
a man who has thus rendered services so distin-
guished and is now about retiringto private life.
Other circumstances attending his retire-
ment also render it peculiarly proper. I was
one of those who could not agree with the
majority of my friends, in the recent action,
and in the construction which was placed upon
the so-called tenure-of-office bill; and will say
here that the matter which gave me, perhaps,
as much pain as any other thing in disagree-
ing with my friends was that I was obliged to
put myself apparently in a position somewhat
in opposition to Mr. Stanton. But, sir, even
that 1 was obliged to get over.
Now, sir, after this action has been had, and
the consequence of that action has led to his
final retirement from that great office, I deem
it even more necessary, and I taken even
greater pleasure than perhaps I otherwise
might, in this tribute to him. Although I can
hardly think of anything that could increase
the pleasure 1 always feel in rendering honor
to a man like liim, yet I say these peculiar cir-
cumstances increase the readiness with which
I am willing to meet this resolution and to act
upon it; and I hope our friends on the other
side of the Chamber, seeing that there is no
reflection upon them, or upon their action, either
as a party or individually, will yet reconsider
the determination which seems to be intimated
by my honorable friend from Indiana, and come
to the conclusion that on this resolution as it
stands they can readily indorse the whole
course of this distinguished public officer.
I have said, sir, all perhaps that it is advis-
able for me to say, and I need not take up fur-
ther time. I will close, as I began, by saying
that I shall take peculiar pleasure in voting
for this resolution in the shape in which it
stands, or in any other complimentary to Mr.
Stanton which it can assume.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I shall oc-
cupy the time of the Senate but for a minute
or two ; and I do this chiefly on account of an
apparent misunderstanding between Senators
here in relation to the position of Mr. Stanton
on the subject of the North Carolina proclama-
tion to which reference has been made. I
think it will not be denied by anybody con-
versant with the facts, that the leading idea of
the North Carolina proclamation originated
with Mr. Stanton; I do not doubt it was the
conception of his own brain. He wished to
secure restoration of peace without recogniz-
ing the then existing so-called State govern-
ments in the rebel States. In his opinion, they
could not bo recognized without restoring the
rebels to power in the States, in Congress, and
in the Electoral College. He therefore pro-
posed to Mr. Lincoln, after the surrender of
Lee, the establishment of a provisional govern-
ment in each of the insurrectionary States;
and with that view I have no doubt that he
prepared a memorandum and submitted it to
the late President Lincoln, and that that paper
was read several times in Cabinet before the
accession to the Presidency of the present
incumbent; but I personally know that that
feature of the proclamation which has occa-
sioned a diversity of opinion between President
Johnson and Congress was not settled on by
Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet. The very first execu-
tive paper that ever came into my hand as Sec-
retary of the Interior was a copy of that proc-
lamation, or of that paper, as it was said to
have been prepared preceding the death of Mr.
Lincoln, and all that part of it which related
to suffrage was a blank. Mr. Stanton could,
therefore, with great truthfulness, say that he
approved the North Carolina proclamation;
for, so far as relates to its grand purpose, its
great object and aim, it was his own concep-
tion. But Mr. Stanton has never said that he
approved of it in its details as it was afterward
published. A majority of President Johnson's
Cabinet did not approve of the suffrage clause.
I have heretofore stated who dissented. Mr.
