3754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
doubt it would be satisfactory to the distillers
and to the holders of this liquor in my State.
The honorable Senator is partly right and
partly wrong in another view which he takes
of the subject. He says the value of the stock
and its price increases as it becomes old. That
is true, but not in anything like in proportion
to the time of its age. The truth is that fine
Bourbon whisky becomes nearly *as good at
the end of two years as it does afterward. It
does improve afterward by age, but it is in a
much slower ratio than it does in the first two
years. If that time was given to the distillers
to pay one moiety of the tax their liquor would
have reached its highest perfection at the end
of two years, and they would have that time
within which to dispose of their stocks on
hand, and they could do it without such a
sacrifice as would necessarily ensue from bring-
ing so large an amount of whisky into the
market of the country at once. Nine tenths
of the whisky that is distilled in Kentucky is
distilled in tiie two districts to which I have
referred, and I know from having conferred
with those who hold the stocks within the last
two weeks that the amount on hand now is
between forty and fifty thousand barrels. If
the honorable Senator's views of his duty as
chairman of the Committee on Finance, and
of the interests of the Government in collect-
ing this tax, would permit him to allow twelve
months within which to pay the first moiety
of the tax, and an additional twelve months
for the second moiety, it would be entirely
satisfactory to the distillers, and I submit the
proposition to his just consideration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Kentucky will bear in mind that a very
large portion of this whisky in bond has been
already in bond for some time. Twelvemonths
more is to elapse, and thus before the article
can reach the consumer very nearly two years
will have elapsed. There is another advan-
tage to the whisky in bond, that the party
holding it is assessed for nearly the amount
that it will gauge at the time of the payment
of the tax, and a barrel of whisky that is put
in at forty gallons in one year will shrink four
gallons, and in two years eight gallons. Thus
the party having whisky in bond has a very
great advantage ; and if there is any question
about it at all, it really is whether it ought not
to be taxed a little more, for those having it in
bond will not be required to pay anything like
as much as those selling green whisky.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the bill will be continued.
Section fifty-six, to which no amendment
was reported, was read as follows:
Sec. 5(5. And be it further enactcd, That any per-
son owning,or having in his possession, any dist illed
spirits intended for sale, exceeding in quantity filty
giiliouh, find not in a bonded warehouse at the time
■when this act takes effect, shall immediately make a
return, under oath, to the collector of the district
wherein such spirits may be held, stating the number
and kind ot packages, together with the marks and
brands thereon, and tho place where the same are
stored, together with the quantity of spirits, as nearly
as the owner can determine the same, upon the
receipt of such return the collector, being first satis-
fied that the tax on said spirits has been paid, shall
immediately cause the same to be gauged and proved
by an internal revenuo gauger, who shall mark, by
cutting, the contents and proof on each cask or pack-
ago containing five wino gallons or more, and shall
aifix and cancel an engraved stamp thereon, which
stamp shall he as follows;
(Stamp for stock on hand, No.—]
Issued by .
  —.t Collector
of- district, State of .
Distilled spirits. Tax paid prior to (here engrave
the date when this act takes effect.)  proof gal-
lons. Gauged , 18—
 , Gauger.
All distilled spirits owned or held by any person,
as aioresaid, shall be included in the same return,
and the gauging shall be continuous until all the
spirits owned or heid by such person are gauged and
stamped, as aforesaid, and a report thereoi in dupli-
cate shall immediately be made by the gauger to the
collector and assessor of the district, showing the
number of packages, contents, and proof of each
package gauged and stamped, and one ot said reports
bhaii be transmitted by the collector to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. No such spirits shall
be gauged or stamped in any cistern oroth^r station-
ary vessel. Any person owning or having in posses-
ion such spirits and refusing or neglecting to make
fcueii return 3ha!l forfeit tho same, and all distilled
spirits found, after thirty days from the time this
act takes effect, in any cask or packago containing
more than five gallons, without having thereon each
mark and stamp required therefor by this act. shall
be forfeited to the United States. Any person who
shall gauge, mark, or stamp any cask or package of
distilled spirits under the provisions of this section,
or who shall cause or procure the same to be done,
knowing that the same were manufactured or re-
moved from warehouse subsequent to the taking
effect of this act, or that the taxes thereon have not
been paid, shall, on conviction, be fined not less than
$500 nor more than $5,000, and imprisoned not less
than six monthsnor more than three years. All stamps
required by this section shall be prepared, issued,
and affixed upon casks and packages, and canceled
in the same manner as provided for other stamps for
distilled spirits in this act, and shall be charged at
the rate oi twenty-five cents for each stamp.
Section fifty-seven wa s read, as follows :
Sec. 57. And be it further enacted, That all dis-
tilled spirits sold by order of court, or under process
of distraint, shall be sold subject to tax; and the
purchaser shall immediately, and before he takes
possession of said spirits, pay the tax thereon. And
any distilled spirits condemned before tho passage
of this act, and in the possession of the United States,
shall bo sold as herein provided. And if any tax-
paid stamps are affixed to any cask or package so
condemned, such stamps shall be obliterated and
destroyed by the collector or marshal after forfeiture
and before such saie.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the section by inserting between the
words "spirits" and "sold," in line two, the
words "forfeited to the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Section fifty-eight was read by clauses, as
follows:
Sec. 58. And be it further enacted, That the follow-
ing special taxes shall be, and are hereby, imposed,
that is to say :
Distillers producing fifty barrels, or less, of dis-
tilled spirits, counting forty gallons of proof-spirits
to the barrel, within the year, shall each pay $200,
and if producing more than filty barrels shall pay in
addition four dollars for each such barrel produced
in excess of fifty barrels. And monthly returns of
tlie number of barrels of spirits, as before described,
distilled by him, shall be made by each distiller in
the same manner as monthly returns of sales are
made. Every person who produces distilled spirits,
or who brews or makes mash, wort, or wash for dis-
tillation or for the production of spirits, or who by
any process of vaporization separatee alcoholic spirit
from any fermented substance, or who, making or
keeping mash, wort, or wash, has also in his posses-
sion or use a still, shall be regarded as a distiller:
Provided, That a like tax of lour dollars on each bar-
rel, countingtorty gallons of proel-spirits to the bar-
rel, shall be assessed and collected from the owner
of any distilled spirits which may be in any bonded
warehouse at tho date of the tak ing effect of this aet,
to be paid whenever the same shall be withdrawn
from such warehouse, under the provisions of the
sixty-second section of this act: Provided, That no
tax shall be imposed for any still, stills, or other
apparatus used by druggists and chemists for the
recovery of alcohol for pharmaceutical and chemioal
or scientific purposes which has been used in those
processes.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this clause by striking out "fifty," in
line three, and inserting "one hundred;" by
striking out "two," in line four, and inserting
"four;" by striking out "fifty," in line six
and line eight, respectively, and inserting " one
hundred;" so as to read:
Distillers producing; one hundred barrels or less of
distilled spirits, counting forty gal Ions of proof-spirits
to the barrel, within the year, shall each pay $400,
and if producing more than one hundred barrels shall
pay in addition fourdollars for each such barrel pro-
duced m excess of one hundred barrels.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not like in a thin
Senate of this kind to submit an amendment,
but there is one that I think ought to be
adopted, and if it be necessary I will ask that
it lie over. The minimum tax here is $400 on
distilleries producing one hundred barrels or
less. My opinion is that it ought to be raised
to two hundred and fifty barrels, and make the
minimum tax $1,000 on a distillery producing
two hundred and fifty barrels. I hope the
Senate will agree to that, because the tax as it
is in the section is too small.
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to inform the hon-
orable Senator that the smaller .distilleries
make the best liquor.
Mr. SHERMAN. It must be a very small
distillery that will not make more than two
hundred and fifty barrels a year.
Mr. DAVIS. The distilleries that make
about three hundred barrels a year produce
the best whisky.
Mr. SHERMAN. And that is the very kind
I desire to reach. I think if the minimum is
two hundred and fifty barrels it will-not dis-
tress any distillery. I propose to strike out
" one " and insert " two," and I think on the
statement of the Senator from Kentucky the
Senate ought to agree to this proposition ; and
then I propose to double the special t.ax by
striking out "four" and inserting "eight;"
so as to make the clause read:
Distilleries producing two hundred barrels or less
of distilled spirits, counting forty gallons of proof-
spirits to the barrel, within the year, shall each pay
$800, &c.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The amendment of the
committee is much more severe on small estab-
lishments than the bill from the House. The
amendment now proposed by the Senator from
Ohio is to make it still more severe than t.he
committee have proposed to make it. I can
indorse what is stated by the Senator from
Kentucky, that in the country, the rural dis-
tricts, the small distilleries are those in which
the very best article is produced, and they are
ordinarily establishments where no frauds are
committed ; at least I think tfeey are extremely
rare there. It may be somewhat different in
the cities; but in the cities, I dare say, our
revenue officers, if they execute the law at all,
will root out all small establishments. They
cannot be maintained there for other reasons.
Large establishments would be the rule in the
cities, and comparatively small ones in the
country has.
One objection which has been felt among
the people to our former system on this sub-
ject was that these well known and reputable
establishments were struck at by the law. The
general objection and opinion among the people
was that the law was in some way drafted so as
to blot out of existence, in districts and in sec-
tions where no frauds were committed, the
small establishments, which made a good arti-
cle, which were honestly conducted, and which
were not offensive to public opinion, and en-
couraged or at least permitted illicit, fraudu-
lent distillation in cities. I think the House
bill in this particular section is better than
anything which has been proposed either by
the committee or by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. Rather than divide the
Senate now I will withdraw my amendment
and reserve it to offer in my discretion in the
Senate. Let it stand with the report of the
committee.
The amendment of the Com mittee on Fi nance
was agreed to.
The committee also proposed to amend the
section by inserting the word "fit" after
" wash" in line thirteen.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next clause of section fifty-eight was
read, as follows:
Rectifiers of distilled spirits, rectifying, purifying,
or refining two hundred barrels or less of disltlled
spirits, counting forty gallons of proof-spirits to tlie
barrel, within the year, shall each pay $200. and fifty
cents lor each such barrel produced in exccss of two
hundred barrels. And monthly returns of the quan-
tity and proof of all the spirits purchased and of the
number of barrels of spirits as before described, rec-
tified, purified, or refined by him, shall be made bv
each reetificr in tho same manner as monthly returns
of sales are made. Every person who rectifies, puri-
fies, or refines distilled spirits or wines by any pro-
cess, and every wholesale or retail liquor dealer or
compounder of liquors who has in his possession any
still or leach-tub, or who shall keep any other appa-
ratus for the purpose of refining in any manner dis-
tilled spirits, shall be regarded as a rectifier.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this clause by inserting before the word
"fifty," in line thirty-two, the words '1 sha.ll
pay," and by striking out the word " such"
before "barrel," in line thirty-three, and after
"barrel" inserting " of like capacity."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next clause, to which no amendment
was proposed, was read, as follows :
Compounders of liquors shall each pay twenty-five
dollars. Every person who, without rectifying, puri-
fying, or refining distilled spirits, shall, by mixing
such spirits, wine, or other liquor with any materials,
manufacture any spurious, imitation, or compound
liquors, for sale under the name of whisky, brandy,
gin, rum, wine, spirits, cordials, or wine bitters, or
