322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
Accepted, telegraphed to the then cashier of the
Bank of the Metropolis here, Mr. Smith, now
no more, asking if they could be permitted to
take the balance of the $5,000,000 at the same
rate. Mr. Thomas and Mr. Smith together,
looking at the telegram, considered that as
0 really an offer for the balauce of the loan at
the same rate, and it was accepted. The
Bank of Commerce in New York was imme-
diately advised of its acceptance, and the whole
loan, therefore, of $5,000,000 was taken in the
name of the bank; aud the interest on the 1st
of January was consequently paid.
Mr. Vail, the cashier, a gentleman admit-
tedly of high character, and his directors, all
of whom 1 have no doubt were men of like
character, and the president of that bank,
could not avoid all the rumors that were afloat,
and in the then temper of the public mind of
the loyal men of the North they were willing
to believe almost anything that was said to the
disparagement of a southern officer. I do not
mean by this to say that they did what they
thought was wrong, but they did what they
were satisfied was right. They unquestiona-
bly believed that the funds of the Government
were not safe in the hands of Mr. Thomas. A
delegation came to Washington. The balance
of the loan authorized by the act of December
17, 1860, namely, $5,000,000, had not been
subscribed for and had not been proposed for.
They saw the President. They induced him
to believe that if Mr. Thomas remained at the
head of the Treasury it would be impossible
for him to get money-to carry on the Govern-
ment, particularly in the condition in which at
that time it was pretty manifest it was soon to
be plaoed. When Mr. Thomas heard that
they had been received by the President and
that he had listened to their statement he at
once repaired to the Executive Mansion and
told the President, with a frankness which is a
part of his character, that if he permitted him
to be assailed upon such a ground as that it
was due to his own character that he should at
once resign his office; and be did resign it, I
think, on the following morning. ■ It is unne-
cessary to refer to, any testimony as to that
point; the committee weremaUe aware of the
facts. - 1-,
We ha?e examined Mr. Cisco, and his testi-
mony is apw in the document upon your table
containing the evideeoe taken by the Commit-
tee. Me. Cisco was, and has ever been, a
loyal man. His administration of the very
important office that he then held, and held for
so long a time, satisfactorily to the Govern-
ment, his constant communication with Mr.
Thomas in relation to the payment of the in-
terest on the public debt to fall due on the 1st
of January, 1801, gave him every opportunity
of knowing what the conduct of that officer
had been, and he told us—I do not quote his
exact language—that everything that he could
do was done by Mr. Thomas to save the credit
of the Government, by getting into the Treas-
ury moneys sufficient to meet the payment on
the 1st of January, and he added this, that he
never was more surprised than when he saw
the report of the bank of which I have spoken,
which was only at the time when the subject
was brought to the attention of the Senate by
my friend, the honorable member from Michi-
gan, and found by that report that Mr. Thomas
had been suspected of conspiring to disparage
the credit of the Government. That report,
as he stated, was made for the shareholders of
the ibanlfc alone; it was not published in the
papers of j the day ; he was not, as he told us,
a shareholder, and never saw or heard before
that it contained such a charge as that; and he
exculpates, in the strongest possible language,
Mr. Thoaaas from any blame as far as any offi-
cial act his in regard to that matter was
concerned. The cotnmittee, therefore, of
course, came to the conclusion that there was
no ground to deny him his seat upon that
chai!ge. r.
-AJter Ae subject was referred, however, to
thexomwittee they were informed by some-
body dufctide that Mr. Thomas had substan-
tially or legally given aid or comfort to the enemy
by sending or enabling his son to go into the
confederate service and by giving him for that
Eurpose $100. I will state what I believe to
e the whole of the evidence upon that point.
The only parties examined were his son and
himself—we took his statement—and their
statements coincided in this: the son, a youth
of seventeen or eighteen years of age, and his
only son, from the time the rebellion broke
out was, in common with a great many of the
youth of Maryland who sympathized with their
southern brethren, anxious to go into the con-
federate service. He appealed over and over
again to his father for his consent; and as
often as the appeal was made it was met by a
counter-appeal. The father implored him in
every way that he could think of to remain
where he was. He told him among other
things, in order to dissuade him from his pur-
pose, that Maryland had not seceded, Mary-
land was one of the loyal States, remained in
the Union, and that even upon the ground on
which the doctrine of secession was placed
there was no legal justification on the part of
a Maryland man for such 4 step.
Months passed by during which this subject
was the matter of anxious solicitude on the
part of the father and mother of the boy, he
not abandoning his purpose and they con-
stantly imploring him to abandon it. On the
night before he left his home he stated to his
father that he intended to go early on the fol-
lowing morning; but go he would. He was,
I think, about eighteen years of age, then a
student of medicine. After again uselessly
appealing to him to remain at home, his
father said, " You will be captured before you
can get across the lines ; you will be thrown
into prison; yon will be doomed to suffering;
you have no money to meet such a contin-
gency ; you are going penniless upon an enter-
prise which in my opinion is sure to fail, an
enterprise illegal in point of fact; in which,
therefore, you have no right to engage; bat 1
cannot bear the thought that you are to be a
captive in a prison and without the means of
saving yourself from actual want, without the
means, or the contingency of your sickness,
of prpcuting medical $id, and here are $100."
The boy took the monfey.. He was about, to
start at the dsnjn of day. The father, who,
evidently, was sleepless during the entire
nightr rose at the dawn of day, found that the
boy was at the door, and then made a final
appeal to him to abandon his purpose, bnt
in vain. Off he went, leaving his father's
home in a state .of heartrending sea-row. Mr.
Thomas did, therefore, all to prevent him that
he could have done short of actual force. If
he could have imprisoned his son in his own
house, which, unquestionably, in the then
condition of that part of the country, he could
not have done successfully, or if he could
have done it successfully, or have informed
th« authorities and had him taken up as a
traitor to the Government, he might possibly
have prevented the son from goiog ; but, short
of measures of.that description, every other
measure to which he could resort was re-
sorted to.
The young man went to Baltimore and with
the $100 purchased, I believe, a pair of boots
and an overcoat, started, as he intended when
he left home, for the upper part of the Poto-
mac, where he expected to cross into Virginia,
and there he failed. He was fired at more than
once bnt escaped unharmed, and finally came
to the city of Washington almost ragged. He
had friends in Washington. He remained here
two or three weeks. His parents found that he
was here. The father had determined from the
time he left his home and disregarded his
parental appeals to him to have no farther
communication with him. He never wrote hifti
a line while he was here; but the mother, with
the consent and at the instance of the father,
wrote him as strong a letter as female affection
could dictate, begging him by everything that
he held dear, by all the feelings of kindness
and of reverence that he should entertain for
his parents, to abandon his enterprise and
return ; but it was in vain. Here "the young
man loitered until he fonnd an opportunity of
crossing over the lower part of the Potomac,
and eventually got into the confederate service
as a private, and remained there about a year,
until the war terminated. But from the mo-
, ment he left his father's house, with the single
exception of the letter written by the mother
|j while he was in this city, the father never had
< any communication with and never sent a dol-
|| lar to the young man.
Now, the question for the Senate to decide—
and that is the question whioh the committee
have thought proper to leave to the decision of
the Senate without expressing any opinion of
their own—is, whether these facts, which I
I think I have stated correctly from the evi-
j dence—I certainly so intended to state them—
constitute within themeaning of the act of 18G2
a voluntary rendering of aid and comfort to the
enemy. The House of Representatives—I
mention it not because I suppose it is binding
I upon this body as authority—have established a
rule in the construction of thatstatnte that there
must be adesign to aid as well as the fact of aid-
ing. The act which is done, asserted to he an
aid aiding and comforting the enemy, must be
done voluntarily and with a design to contribute
such aid. There are cases where from an act
done you way presume an illegal purpose in
the absence of testimony to the contrary. The
fact of killing, unexplained, is malicious, and
therefore is murder. The act of entering a
house at night is burglary, unexplained. The
fact of a trader leaving his.home and failing to
meet his engagements is, unexplained, an act
of bankruptcy. And so in a variety of other
cases to which I might advert, but in each and
! all of them, and in all analogous cases, as far
! as my reading has gone, it has never been
denied that.it i  the right of the party charged
to prove by evidence that the purpose which
the law. implies was not the purpose which he
■ really entertained.
1 If i am right' as to the existence of that rule,
to apply it to the case before, us, can any body
whor^adsthc evidence w hich I have substan-
tially stated to the Sena'e believe for a nqome&t
that it was tJie. design,, th^t it was the purpose,
of Mr> ThouwLS in giving the .$100 to his son
on the night before he, left his homestead to
aid apd abet the. insurrection V He did all that
be could short of actual foree to prevent it,
and what Ike did do after he proved impotent
to prevent it he waa prompted to do by the
affection which nature has.planted in the heart
of man as an instinct. It was not voluntary.
God and nature put .it out of his power to
refuse it. His only ohild, he anticipated, was
about tp be placed in imminent peril, to be
immured in a dungeon; and in onder to save
hi in from want and probably from death he
advanced him—it was all he would advance,
for he is by no means a rich man—the amount
I have mentioned. But that amount was all
exhausted before the young man got into the
confederate serviee or before he left the loyal
lines. So that, in point of fact, he was not
enabled to go by means of the money; und, in
point of fact, if he had been enabled to go by
means of the money, the money was not given
to him with any such pujpose.
How does that case differ from this ? Mr,
Thomas's case was not the only one which Mary-
land had the misfortune to witness. 'The sous
of her most loyal ciLizens, who stood in the
breach and at every hazard maintained the
authority of the Government, were found in
the confederate service. The son of our then
Governor, Bradford—and no truer or more
loyal man ever lived—was in the confederate
service; and 80 in hundreds of other cases.
Suppose that Bradford's son had been wounded
and was in an hospital in Virginia or elsewhere,
in danger of dying from the want of such food
as is suited to that condition or for the want of
medicine which it demanded, and he had sent
$l00down and the boy had recovered, he would
have gone back to the service, and that would
have been aiding the enemy. Suppose him to
