1706
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
Posx Ofwoe, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
„ December 15,1867.
Sir; Xhave the honor to acknowledge the reoeipt
of your communication of December 13, in refer-
ence to the case of the postmaster at York, Pennsyl-
vania, and would state a8 follows:
On April 2-4 and 25,1807, in company with General
Joseph F. Knipe, postmaster at Harrisburg, I was
engaged in investigating case No.8513. Ifound that
the robbers had effected an entrance through the
rear of the post office and had carried the fire-proof
safe out into the back yard, where they had blown
open the same and rifled it of the contents. I have
every reason to believe that the robbery was com-
mitted by a notorious post office robber, named
Charley Stevens, who had broken jail at Salem, New
Jersey, only a few days before this robbery. He was
arrested shortly after at Lock Haven, Pennsylvania,
and committed lor robbing the post office at that
town.
It is my opinion that the postmaster at York used
all the means in his power for the security of ins
stamps ami money, and the fire-proof safe in which
they were deposited seemed a very strong one, but
not strong enough to stand the application ot gun-
powder. It affords me much pleasure to indorse the
postmaster at York as a most efficient officer of the
Department.
Very respectfully, Ac., FRANCIS KEYSER,
Special Agent 1 'out O.&ice Department.
Hon. Gkokge W. McLkllan, Second Assistant Post-
master General.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether there is not an act of Congress
authorizing the Postmaster General, in proper
cases, to allow credit to postmasters who have
sustained losses of this kind by robbery ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I will
state, for the information of the gentleman from
Indiaua, that application was made to the
Postmaster General in this very case, and he
thought the law did not cover the case. Hence
the party comes to Congress for relief.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman men-
tion what defect there is iu the law and why it
does not extend to this case? It was certainly
intended to relieve a postmaster iu a case
where the Postmaster General believed that
the loss has been sustained through no default
of his.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. The
Postmaster General thought that it would not
be legal for him to make the allowance in this
case when the amount involved is large.
Mr. UPSON. Did the party ever apply to
the Sixth Auditor's office to get this amount
allowed?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. This
party, the postmaster at York, Pennsylvania,
applied at the Auditor's office, and also to the
Postmaster General.
Mr. UPSON. There is an express law, as
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
says, authorizing the accounting officers to
allow such claims.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I sent
to the Post Office Department, and received
the letter from the Second Assistant Postmas-
ter General iu reference to it which has been
read. He explains the whole case, and I have
no doubt that the claim is just and right. I
move the previous question.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I desire to
discuss this bill.
Mr. LAWitENCE, of Pennsylvania. The
bill is right. The committee have examined
it thoroughly, and as the morning hour is nearly
out I must insist on the previous question.
Mr. LA WHENCE, of Ohio. I hope this
bill will not be passed without some considera-
tion by the House. It involves a terribly
dangerous precedent.
The question was put upon seconding the
previous question, and there were—ayes 49,
noes 17 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over until the next
private bill day.
CDAIM OP THE LATE B. TV. PERKINS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House tlie following message
from the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives of the United States :
In answer to the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 7th of January last, in relation to
the claim of the late Benjamin VV. Perkins against
the Russian Government, I transmit a communica-
tion from the Secretary of State, which is accom-
panied by the papers calledj^thc ysojutom _
Washington, March 5, 1868.
Mr. ORTH. I move that the message and
accompanying documents be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The message and the ac-
companyingpapers will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs and printed, if there
be no objection.
No objection was made.
CnOCTAW AND OIIICKASAW COMMISSIONERS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a message from the Secretary of the Interior,
in answer to a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of February 26, 1808, relating to
the report of the commissioners, under the
fiftieth article of the treaty of 18G6, with the
Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
ATLANTA AND CHARLOTTE RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of the constitutional convention of
Georgia, asking aid of Congress for an air-line
railroad from Atlanta, Georgia, to Charlotte,
North Carolina.
Mr. BALDWIN. I move that these resolu-
tions be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
IMPEACHMENT OF THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of the constitutional convention of
Virginia, approving the action of Congress in
impeaching Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States ; which were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 am instructed by the
managers on the part of the House, in the
matter of the impeachment of the President,
to report the following resolution, upon which
I call the previous question:
Resolved, That the managers on the part of the
House, in the matter of the impeachment of the
President, be, and hereby are, authorized to sit during
the sessions of the House, and shall have power to
send for porsons and papers, administer oaths, and
take the testimony of witnesses.
Mr. BROOKS. Was not this power given
to the managers by a resolution passed the
other day?
Mr. BINGHAM. No power or authority
was given to administer oaths.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the adoption of this resolution.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there
were—ayes 10, noes 81; not one fifth voting
in the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldridge
and Mr. Bingham were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes twenty-three,
noes not counted.
So (the affirmative being more than one fifth
of the last vote) the yeas and nays were or-
dered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 25, not
voting 75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley Baldwin, Beaman, Beatty,
Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell.Bromwell, Broom-
all, Butler, Cake, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Cook, Dawes, Bodge, Driggs, Eokley, Eliot, Farns-
worth.Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Gravely, Griswold.IIal-
sey, Harding, Hawkins, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester
D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll. Jenckes,
Jndd, Julian, Kellcy, liclsoy, Ketcham, Kitchen,
Koontz, Laflin, George V, Lawrence. William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Logan, Loughridge, Mallory, Marvin,
McClurg, Miller, Morrell, Myeis, Nowcoifib. 0'j.Veil!,
Orth. Paine, Perham, Pomeroy, Price, liautn, Saw-
yer, Schenck, Scoficld, Smith, Starkweather, Taffe,
Taylor, Thomas, Twichcll, Upson, Van Aernam,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Myok, Ward, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wclker,
Shomas Williams, James F.Wilson, John x. Wilson,
and Stephen F. Wilson—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Barnom, Boyer,
Brooks, Burr, Oary, Jihlridge, Gets. Golladay, Haight,
llolman, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Mar-
shall, McCormi ck, Mungen, N iblaek, N icholson, Ross,
Sitgreaves, Stone, and Taber—25.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.Anderson, Archer, Bailey,
Baker, Banks, Barnes, Beck, Benjamin, Benton,
Buckland, Chanler, Reader \V. Clarke, Coburn, Cor-
nell, Covode, Culloin, Dixon, Donnelly, Kggleston.
Bla, Finney, Fox, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Grover,
Higby, Hill, Hotchkiss, Asahel \V. Hubbard, Richard
D.Hubbard, Knott, Loan, Lynch, Maynard, McCar-
thy, McCuilough, Mercur, Moore, Moorhead, Mor-
fan, Morrissey, Mullins, Nunn, Peters, Phelps, Pike,
lie, Plan:,';, Poland, Polsley, Pruyn, Randall, Rob-
ertson, Robinson, Selye, Shan ks.Shellabarger, Spald-
ing, Aaron F. Stevens, Xhaddeus Stevens, Stewart,
Stokes, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Vail Trump,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William
Williams, Windom, Wood, Woodbridge, andWood-
ward—75.
So the resolution -was adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SESSION OF SATURDAY.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to have it ordered that the House
shall hold a session to-morrow, for debate only,
as in Committee of the Whole. There are
several gentlemen ou each side of the House
who desire to speak.
Mr. DRIGGS. I was going to move, when
I got the opportunity, that when the House
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
within his knowledge several gentlemen desire
to make speeches upon general subjects iu the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DRIGGS. If there is to be no business
done to-morrow I will not object.
Mr. BLAINE. It is proposed to have a
session to-morrow for debate only.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
CLAIM OF B. W. PEItKINS AGAIN.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House, a few moments
since, ordered the printing of the documents
accompanying the message of the President in
relation to the claim ot B. W. Perkins against
the Russian Government. I make this motion
because i desire to have some committee—the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, for instance-
examine those papers and determine which of
them are proper to' be printed. There are so
many documents usually accompanying the
messages of the President which are not wor-
thy of being printed that I want to have these
papers examined before they are ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PAINE. I would inquire why this
extraordinary course is taken?
Mr. LAFLIN. If I correctly apprehend the
inquiry of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paine,] he agrees with me entirely. The only
object 1 have ia'making this suggestion is that
wo may not be put to the expense of printinga
large amount of matter which may be of no
interest to us. My object is simply to econo-
mize in the public printing.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. It seems to me that
in haying this document printed we are only
pursuing the ordinary course. The executive
documents are all printed. It is very import-
ant that the members of the House should be
able to understand this subject, and it seems
to me this communication ought to be printed.
The SPEAKER. Although the document
was bulky, the Chair suggested its printing,
which the House acquiesced in, because he
knew_ the fact that this was a claim against the
Russian Government which the claimant de-
sired to have presented by the Government of
the United States as an offset, if an appropria-
tion should be made by Congress for the
Alaska purchase. The matter was of so iiti-
portant a character that the Chair supposed
the documents oughtto to printed. The gen-
