1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3755
any other name, shall be regarded as a compounder
of liquors.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
strike out the following clause, from lines fifty-
three to seventy:
Retail liquor dealers whose annual sales do not
exceed $2,500 shall each pay twenty-five dollars; if
exceeding $2,500 and not exceeding $5,000, shall pay
each fitty dollars; if exceeding $5,000 and not exceed-
ing $10,000, shall each pay $1(X); if exceeding $10,000
and not exceeding $20,000, shall each pay $200; and if
exceeding $20,000, shall each pay $1,000. Every per-
son who sells or offers for sale distilled spirits, wines,
or malt liquors in less quantities than one quart at a
time, or in any quantity to be drunk at the place, or
on the premises where they arc sold shall be regarded
as a retail liquor dealer. And any peddler who sells
or offers for sale distilled spirits, fermented liquors,
or wines shall pay in addition to his special tax as a
peddler the special tax of a wholesale or retail liquor
dealer, according to the amount of his sales.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Retail liquor dealers shall each pay twenty-five
dollars. Every personwho sells or offers for sale dis-
tilled spirits, wines, or malt liquors, in less quanti-
ties than one quart atone time, or in any quantity to
be drunk at the place or on the premises where they
are sold, and whoso annual sales, including all sales
of other merchandise, do not exceed $25,000, shall be
regarded a3 a retail liquor dealer. Any peddler or
auctioneer who sells or offers for sale distilled spirits,
fermented liquors, or wines, shall pay, in addition to
his special tax as a peddteror auctioneer, the special
tax as a wholesale or retail liquor dealer, according
to the amount of his sales.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state in regard to
that amendment that we have simply left'the
law imposing a special tax on retail liquor
dealers as it now stands. We think it would
be very unjust, when these people have paid
their special tax according to law, to come
back on them and reassess a higher tax upon
a different principle. It would be unjust and
wrong.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Can you not provide for
doing it after their time is out ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Thepresentlaw is enoughs
We can amend it next year if necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
strike out the following clause :
"Wholesale liquor dealers shall each pay $100, and
in addition, shall pay tlmty dollars lor every $1,000
ol baies iu excess of $2,000. Every person who sells,
or offers for sale, distilled spirits, wines, or malt
liquors in quantity of not less than one quart at one
tunc, and not to be drunk at tne place or on the
premises where tho sale is made, shall be regarded
as a wholesale liquor dealer. But no distiller or
brewer, who has paid his special tax as such, and
who sells only distilled spirits or malt hquois of his
own production in the original casks or packages in
which they are placed for the purpose of affixing the
tax stamps, shall be required to pay the special tax
ol a wholesale dealer.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Wholesale liquor dealers, whose annual sales do
not exceed $50,000, shall pay $100, and if exceeding
$50,000 shall each pay in addition one dollar for every
$1,000 in excess of $50,000. Every person who sells or
oilers lor sale distilled spirits, wines, or malt liquors
in quantity ot not less than one quart at a time, and
not to be drunk at the place or on the premises where
the sale is made, shall be regarded as a wholesale
liquor dealer. But no distiller or brewer, who has
paid his special tax as such, and who sells only dis-
tilled spirits or malt liquors of his own production,
at the place of manufacture, in the original casks or
packages in which they are placed for the purpose
of affixing the tax stamps, shall be required to pay
the special tax ot a wholesale dealer.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 move to
amend the amendment by striking oat il fifty"
and inserting u twenty-five" in each place; so
as to make the clause read;
"Wholesale liquor dealers whose annual sales do
not exceed $25,000 shall pay $100, and if exceeding
ijJo.OOO shall each pay in addition one dollar for every
$1,0U0 m excess of $25,000, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The following clauses of the section, to which
no amendment was proposed, were read :
But the paymentof any special tax imposed by this
act shall not be held or construed to exempt any
person carrying on any trade, business, or profession
from any penalty or punishment therefor provided
by the laws of any State; nor .to authorize the com-
mencement or continuance of any such trade, busi-
ness, or profession, contrary to the laws of any State,
or in places prohibited by municipal law; nor shall
the payment of any such tax be held or construed to
prohibit or prevent any State from placing a duty or
tax on the same trade, business, or protession lor
State or other purposes.
Manufacturers of stills shall caMi pay fifty dollar?,
and twenty dollars for each still or worm for distill-
ing made by him. Any person who manufactures
any still or worm to be used in distilling shall be
deemed a manufacturer of stills.
Tobacco, snuff, and cigars;
Dealers in leaf tobacco, whose annual sales do not
exceed $10,000, shall each pay twenty-five dollars;
and if their annual sales exceed $10,000, shall pay in
addition two dollars for every $1,000 in excess of
$10,000. Every person shall be regarded as a dealer
in leaf tobacco whose business it is for himselt or on
commission to sell or offer for sale leaf tobacco. And
payment of a special tax as wholesale dealer, tobac-
conist, manufacturer of cigars, or manufacturer of
tobacco, shall notexempt any person dealing in leaf
tobacco from the payment of the special tax therefor
hereby required. But no farmer or planter shall be
required to pay a special tax as a dealer in leaf
tobacco for selling tobacco of his own production, or
tobacco received by him as rent from tenants who
have produced the same on his land.
Dealers in tobacco, whose annual sales exceed $100
and do not exceed $1,000, shall each pay five dollars,
and when their annual sales excced $1,000 shall pay
in addition two dollars for each $1,000 in excess of
$1,000. Every person whose business it is to sell or
offer for sale manufactured tobacco, snuff, or cigars,
shall be regarded as a dealer in tobacco. And any
retail dealer or keeper of a hotel, inn, tavern, or
eating-house, who sells tobacco, snuff, or cigars, shall
pay, in addition to his special tax, the special tax as
a dealer in tobacco.
In the last clause the Committee on Finance
proposed to insert the word "drinking" be-
fore " or eating-house."
The amendment was agreed to.
The remaining clauses of the section, to
which no amendment was proposed, were read,
as follows:
Manufacturers of tobacco shall each pay ten dol-
lars, and in addition thereto, where the amount of
the penal sum of the bond of such manufacturer
required by this act to be given shall exceed the
sum of $5,000, two dollars for each $1,000 in excess
of $5,000 of such penal sum. Every person whose
business it is to manufacture tobacco or snuff for
himself, or who shall employ others to manufacture
tobacco or snuff, whether such manufacture shall, be
by cutting, pressing, grinding, crushing, or rubbing
of any leaf or raw tobacco, or otherwise preparing
raw or leaf tobacco, or manufactured or partially
manufactuied tobacco or snuff, or the putting up for
use or consumption of scraps, waste, clippings, stems,
or deposits of tobacco, resulting from any process
of handling tobacco, shall be regarded as a manu-
facturer of tobacco. But no manufacturer of tobacco
shall be required to pay the special tax as a dealer in
tobacco for selling the products of his own manu-
facture.
Manufacturers of cigars, whose annual sal^s shall
not exceed $5,000, shall each pay ten dollars, and
when their annual sales exceed $5,000, shall pay in
addition two dollars for each $1,000 in. excess of
$5,000. Every person whose business it is to make
or manufacture cigars for himself, or who shall
employ others to make or manufacture cigars, shall
be regarded as a manufacturer of cigars. No
special tax receipt shall be issued to any manufac-
turer of cigars until he shall have given the bond
required by law. Every person whose business it is
to make cigars for others, either for pay. "upon com-
mission, on shares, or otherwise, from material fur-
nished by others, shall be regarded asa cigar-maker.
Every cigar-maker shall cause his name and resi-
dence to be registered, without previous demand,
with the assistant assessor of the division in which
such cigar-maker shall be employed; and any man-
ufacturer of cigars employing any cigar-maker who
shall have neglected or refused to make such reg-
istry shall, on conviction, be lined five dollars for
each day that such cigar-maker so offending by neg-
lect or refusal to register shall be employed by him.
Section fifty-nine, to which no amendment
was reported; was read as follows :
Sec. 59. And be it further enacted. That in every
case where it becomes necessary to ascertain the
amount of annual or monthly sales made by any per-
son on whom a special tax is imposed by this act, or
to ascertain the excess of suca sales above a given
amount, such amounts and excesses shall be ascer-
tained and returned under such regulations and in
such form as shall be prescribed by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue; and in any case where the
amount of tho tax has been increased by this act
above the amount before paid by.any person in that
behalf, such person, except retail dealers, shall he
again assessed and pay the amount of such increase
from the taking effect of this act; and in any case
where the amount of sales or receipts h is been under-
stated or underestimated by any person, such person
shall be again assessed lor such deficiency, and shall
be required to pay the same with any penalty or pen-
alties that may by law have accrued or be chargeable
thereon.
Section sixty, to which no amendment was
reported, was read, as follows: j
Sec. 60. Andbe it further enacted, That tip on tobacco ;
and snuff which shall be manufactured and sold, or
removed for consumption or use, there shall be
assessed and collected tho following taxes:.
On snuff, manufactured of tobacco or any substi-
tute fortobacco, ground, dry, damp, pickled, scented,
or otherwise, of all description*, when prepared for
use, a tax of thirty-two cents per pound. And snuff-
flour, when sold or removed for use or consumption, ,
be taxed'as snuff, and shall be put up in pack-
ages and stamped in the same manner as snuff.
On all chewing tobacco, fine-cut, plug, or twist; on
all tobacco twisted by hand, or reduced from leaf
into a condition to be consumed, or otherwise pre-
pared.withoutthe useof anymachineor instrument,
and without being pressed or sweetened; and on all
other kinds of manufactured tobacco, not herein
otherwise provided for, a tax of thirty-two cents per
pound.
On all smoking tobacco exclusively of stems, or of
leaf, with all tho stems in and so sold, the leaf not ~
having been% previously stripped, butted, or rolled,
and from which nopartof the stems have been sepa-
rated by sifting, stripping, dressing, or in any other
manner, either before, during, or after the process of
manufacturing; on all fine-cut shorts, the refuse of
fine-cut chewing tobacco, which has passed through
a riddle of thirty-six meshes to the square inch by
process of sifting; and on all refuse scraps and
sweeping of tobacco, a tax of sixteen cents per
pound.
Mr. McCREERY. I move to amend the
sixtieth section by adding this proviso :
Provided, That snuff made of tho stems of tobacco
shall be taxed five cents a pound.
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky will be more proper after the
amendments of the Committee on Finance
shall have been disposed of. The Senate is
now acting upon the amendments reported by
the Committee on Finance as they are reached
in their order.
Mr. McCREERY. Very well; I shall offer
it at the proper time.
Section sixty-one was read, as follows:
Sec. 61. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act all manufactured tobacco
shall be put up and prepared by the manufacturer
for sale, or removal for sale or consumption, in pack-
ages of the following description, and in no other
manner:
All snuff in packages of one, two, four, eight, and
sixteen ounces, except yellow snuff,which may, at the
option of the manutacturer, be put up in bladders
not exceeding ten pounds each.
All fme-cut chewing tobacco, and all other kinds
of tobacco not otherwise provided for, in packages
of one half, one, two, four, eight, and sixteen ounces,
except that fine-cut chewing tobacco may, at tho
option of the manufacturer, be put up in wooden
packages of ten, twenty, forty, and sixty pounds
each.
AH smoking tobacco, all fine-cut shorts which can
bo passed through a riddle of thirty-six meshes to
the square inch, and all refuse scraps and sweepings
of tobacco, in packages of two, four, eight, and six-
teen ounces each.
All cavendish, plug, and twist tobacco in wooden
packages not exceeding two hundred pounds not
weight.
And every such wooden package shall ha^e printed
or marked thereon the manufacturer's name and
place of manufacture, and the registered number of
the manufactory, and the gross weight, the tare, and
the net weight of the tobacco in each package : Pro-
vided, That these limitations and descriptions of
packages shall not apply to tobacco and snuff trans-
ported in bond for exportation andactually exported.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this section by striking out the word
"of" after the word "packages" in all in-
stances, and inserting "containing."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee also proposed, after the word
"bladders," in line eight, to insert " contain-
ing," and after " each," in line nine, to insert
"or in jars containing not exceeding twenty
pounds."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
'■ thereon," in line twenty-four, to strike out
"the manufacturer's name and place of man-
ufacture, and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Section sixty-two was read, as follows:
Sec. 62. And be it further enacted, That every per-
son before commencing, or, if already commenced,
before continuing the manufacture of tobacco or
snuff, shall, in addition to a compliance with all
other provisions of law, furnish, without previous
demand thereior, to the assessor or assistant assessor
of the district where the manufacture is to be car-
ried on, a statement, in duplicate, subscribed under
oath or affirmation, accurately setting forth the place,
and if in a city the street and number of the street,
where the manufacture is to becarried on; the num-
ber of cutting-machines, presses, snuff-mills, nancl-
mills, or other machines; the name, kind, aiia qual-
ity of the article manufactured or proposed to do
manufactured; and, if the same shall be manufac-
tured for, or to be sold and delivered to, any other
person, as agent, or under a special contract, tne
name and residence and business or occupation ot
the person for whom the said article is to be manu-
factured, or to whom it is to be delivered; ana .'hall
give a bond in conformity with the provisions of this
