1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2731
Stanton was one of them. He, doubtless, did
not then think, as I did not then think, this
difference a sufficient cause for resignation. It
was then understood that these organizations
were to be merely provisional, subject to the
future approval of Congress. Mr. Stanton,
with all the members of the Cabinet, with the
President at its head, so far as anything
appeared to the contrary, expected Congress,
when it should convene, to control the whole
subject. A statement of this much I suppose
due to the Secretary of War, since his position
seems to be misunderstood.
I wish now only to add that I shall vote very
heartily for the resolution for reasons some ot
which have been and many others that have
not been stated. I am aware that Mr. Stanton,
during the war, gave offense to many earnest
and patriotic friends of the Government.. He
could not always grant their requests. It fre-
quently became his duty to make unceremonious
denials of favors. And he doubtless often
said no with a will and an apparent earnest-
ness which seemed to many uncalled for, but
which to him seemed a necessity. On this
account he was probably more misunderstood
by the American people than any one of the
great actors in the late rebellion ; on this ac-
count some have thought him morose, and even
hrird-liearted, when he is, in fact, one of the
most humane, kind-hearted of men. I never
made an appeal to him, eitheras a Senatororas
an associate in an executive capacity, in favor
of the friendless, of a wounded soldier, of a
sick soldier, of a minor soldier boy, or of a
subordinate officer that was supposed t,o be
oppressed by his superior, or of the suffering
on the field of battle or in the hospitals, that
he did not respond to instantly and heartily.
The Senator from Indiana has stated that he
knows of nothing that lifts Mr. Stanton above
his fellows, nothing great that distinguishes
him from the rest of mankind. Well, sir, I
know that publicists in discussing the morally
sublime sometimes think they find in then-
heroes traits of character which arouse feelings
in the mind of the reader or observer akin to
the feelings experienced in contemplating the
sublime in nature; such as their superior
adhesion to principle, their adhesion to their
conceptions of justice, of truth, sometimes of
humanity, sometimes on account of their great
courage, knowledge, or wisdom, which lifts
them above their fellows ; but it is certainly
not unknown to that Senator that there are
characters known to history whose lives are
cited as illustrative of the morally sublime con-
cerning whom there is no individual charac-
teristic that particularly distinguishes them.
As a marked illustration I name the character
of Washington, the Father of his Country. In
almost anyone characteristic of mind or morals
he had at least his equals among thousands of
his countrymen of that and subsequent periods;
but in the harmonious blending of all elements
of character which ennoble and adorn human
nature he surpassed the majority of men, and
hence all writers refer to the character of
Washington as an illustration of the morally
sublime ; and it is, I fancy, as true in a very
marked degree in relation to Mr. Stanton, that
he possesses all the qualities of humanity har-
moniously combined that lift him above the
majority of men.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President 
Mr. COIiBETT. I will ask the Senator from
Illinois to give way for one moment, as I desire
to leave the Senate. I wish to say that a resolu-
tion cannot be framed too strong as a tribute
to this great man, Edwin M. Stanton. As I
have an important engagement, by which I am
compelled to leave the Chamber, I desire to say
thus much.
Mr. YATES. I can assure the Senate that.
I donotintend to occupy time, in fact! did not
expect that so much time would be taken on
this subject. But, sir, as one of the Senators
from the State of Illinois, I cannot, in justice
to myself, permit the occasion to pass without
saying a word or two. 1 should consider mere
eulogy upon the late Secretary of War as out
of place at this time were it not that he is the
representative, and has been made specially
the representative, of great principles.
The State of Illinois raised two hundred and
fifty-eight thousand troops during the war, and
it is justly due both to the predecessor of Mr.
Stanton, the distinguished Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] and to Mr. Stanton
himself, that I should say that to their policy,
their vigor, and their energy, were we very
much indebted for a successful nrosecution of
the war. The people of the United States,
perhaps, have but little appreciation of how
very much of our success during the war
depended on the persons who occupied that
important position.
I have referred to the fact that Illinois
raised so many troops during the war for the
reason that, as the executive officer of that
State, it became necessary for me to make my
applications for the raising of troops and the
equipping and supplying of troops to these
Secretaries of War, and both of them lent
their energy and their aid for what we called
a vigorous prosecution of the war. When it
was said by the Democratic party at that time
that we should not forage upon the enemy, that
we should not employ colored troops, that we
should not raise additional forces, and when
they were declaring that this was war against
"the Union as it was," it was to these distin-
guished officers that we applied and obtained
necessary means to carry on the war. None
who were not brought in immediate contact
with them, who were not there to see, know
how important their services were. They were
ready to adopt those vigorous measures which
resulted in the successful prosecution of the
war, and the verdict of this country has been
pronounced, so far as Edwin M. Stanton is
concerned. Whether it be because of the
policy which he pursued during the war or
during peace, he has established a name as
the great organizer of war and victory; he
wielded that mighty enginery by which mil-
lions of our troops were equipped and fed and
supplied. He was in his place what we would
call a positive man. No application was ever
made to him that he did not decide with
promptness, and although, as has been re-
marked, sometimes not to the satisfaction of
the applicants, yet, as it has turned out, as
subsequent events have proved, his decisions
were always dictated by prudence and wisdom.
I shall not refer to the course of Mr. Stanton
during the late investigations which have been
before the Senate, except to say that he has
displayed the same energy, the same vigor, the
same determination and firmness of purpose,
and the same lofty and elevated patriotism
that he displayed during the perilous hours
of the Republic.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] surprised me when
he called in question the accuracy of my recol-
lection in regard to the support Mr. Stanton
gave to the Johnson policy. I thought 1 could
not be mistaken, sir; but as the Senator ex-
pressed himself so confidently upon it, I felt it
to be my duty to send for the evidence that
bore upon that question, and I now propose to
read briefly from the testimony given by Mr.
Stanton himself before the J udiciary Committee
of the House of Representatives in its impeach-
ment investigation last year:
" Question. Did any one of the Cabinet express a
doubt of the power of the executive branch of the
Government to reorganize State governments which
had been in rebeilion without the aid of Congress?
"Answer. None whatever. I bad myself enter-
tained no doubt of the authority of the President, to
take measures for the organization of the rebel States
on the plan proposed during the vacation of Con-
gress, and agreed in the plan specified in the procla-
mation in the case of North Carolina. It maybe
proper to add in regard to the history of this subject,
that on the day succeeding tUe dale of the telegram
to General "Weitzel, and on the last day of Mr. Lin-
coln's life, there was a Cabinet meeting, at which
General Grant and all the members of the Cabinet,
except Mr. Seward, were present."
Then he goes on to speak of having drawn
up himself a prvjel:
"I left a blank upon that subject [the subject of
suffrage] to be considered. Thero was at that time
nothing adopted about it and no opinions expressed;
it was only a prmet. I was requested by the other
members ofthe Cabinet,and by Mr. Lincoln, tohave
a copy printed for each member for subsequent con-
sideration. My object was simply to bring to the
attention of the President and Cabinet, in a practi-
cal form, what I thought might be possible means of
organization without rebel intervention. Mr. Lin-
coln seemed to be laboring under the impression that
there must be some starting point in the reorganiza-
tion. and that it could only be through the agency
of the rebel organizations then existing, but which I
did not deem to be at all necessary. That night Mr.
Lincoln was murdered. Subsequently, at an early
day, the subject came under consideration, after tlio
surrender of Johnston's army, in the Cabinetof Mr.
Johnson. The projet I had prepared was printed,
and a copy in the hands of each memberof the Cabi-
net and the President. It was somewhat altered in
some particulars, and came under discussion in the
Cabinet, the principal pointof discussion being as to
who should exercise the elective franchise. I think
there was a difference of opinion in the Cabinet upon ,
that subject. The President expressed his views very
clearly and distinctly. I expressed my views, and
other members of the Cabinet expressed their views.
The objeetionsofthePresident to throwing thofran-
chise open to thecolored people appeared tobefixed,
and I think every memberof the Cabinetassented to
the arrangement as it was specified in the proclama-
tion relative to North Carolina. After that I do not
remember that the subject was ever again discussed
in the Cabinet."
Again, as to the form, he testifies thus:
"Question. In this connection be good enough to
state who prepared that proclamation?
"Answer. X do not know who prepared it.
"Question. Was it submitted by the President te
the Cabinet?
"Answer. Yes, sir. The iJroyet 1 had was different
in this respect—that mine was in tho form of an
Older. I proposed as an order, ' ordered' so and so.
The President modified it by certain recitals which I
thought an improvement, and it emanated from the
State Department." * "• * * * *
"Question. The Cabinet did agree unanimously, as
I understood you to say, on the North Carolina
proclamation ?
"Answer. Yes. sir: that is. Mr. Johnson's procla-
mation ; and when 1 say unanimous 1 mean all who
were present. I wish to say this: that I do notdesire
here to state what other people agreedHo; that is
what I agreed to, and I do not know of any dissent
by any member of the Cabinet."
The same subject is presented in the testi-
mony of General Grant, where this occurs :
"Question. I understood you to say that Mr. Lin-
coln, prior to his assassination, had inaugurated a
policy intended to restore those governments?
"Answer. Yes. sir.
"Question. You were present when the subject was
before the Cabinet?
"Answer. I was present, I think, twice before tho
assassination of Mr. Lincoln, when a plan was read.
"Question. 1 want to know whether the plan
adopted by Mr. Johnson was substantially the plan
which had been inaugurated by Mr. Lincoln as the
basis for his future action ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; substantially. I do not know
but that ltwas verbatim the same. ^
"Question. Isuppose the very paper of Mr. Lincoln
was the one acted on ?
"Answer. I should think so. I think that the very
paper which I heard read twice while Mr. Lincoln
was President was the one which was cartied right
through."
Mr. CONKLING. Read the next question
and answer, if you please.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 am asked to read the
next question. I will do so.
- "By Mr, Churchill:
4t Question. "What paper was that?
" Answer. Tho North Carolina proclamation.
44 By Mr. Boutwell :
"Question. You understood that Mr. Lincoln's
plan was temporary, to be either confirmed, or a n«w
government set up by Congress ?
"Anncer. Yes; and 1 undex^tood Mr. Johnson's
to be so, too."
Mr. CONIvLTNG. That is the point.
Mr. HENDRICKS. ThatisGeneralGrant's
expression of his view of the effect of that
proclamation. The point that I made was, that
at the time the proclamation for North Caro-
lina was issued it received the approval of Mr.
Stanton ; and that the point, made by the Sen-
ator from Michigan, that one of the merits of
this Cabinet officer was that he had opposed
that plan, was not correct; but that, on the con-
trary, it appears that it was a part of his own
production, that his own intellect contributed
to its production. Whether it was a perma-
nent or a temporary plan is a question for fur-
ther discussion. I do understand that the plan,
so far as it involves the appointment of a pro-
visional governor, was temporary; but so iar
as that plan went beyond that, and directed that
provisional governor to take steps for the
