1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1707
tlemau from New York [Mr. Laflin] mores
to reconsider the vote by which the printing
was ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me the
members of the House ought to understand
this subject before the Committee on -Foreign
Affairs shall make their report. I suppose that
the committee will before long make a report
in reference to Alaska ; and this whole subject
ought to be understood by the House, as it
cannot be unless these documents be printed.
Mr. LAFLIN. Certainly I have no objec-
tion to the*printing of these documents if it is
of any interest to the House that they should
be printed. I simply ask that before being
printed they shall receive the consideration
of some committee—I do not care what com-
mittee.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to ask one
question. If this is a claim against the Rus-
sian Government which the claimant wants the
United States to collect ought not this man,
if he wants all this printing done, to pay for it
himself? If we become the agents to collect
this claim from the Russian Government ought
not this claimant to be satisfied with that
without asking us to pay his printing bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] that the merits of the question are not
before the House on a motion to print.
Mr. LAFLIN. I know nothing about the
character of the document. I simply desire
that some committee shall recommend the
printing of the document before it be printed.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Laflin] yield to the gentle-
man from Michigan, [Mr. Blair,] a member
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs?
Mr. LAFLIN. Certainly.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker, I regret that the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
[Mr. Banks] is not here at present, and that
he has not had an opportunity to examine these
papers. From the hasty examination I have
been able to give them I am convinced that, in
large part at least, they do not bear directly on
the question. I think the chairman of the
committee would be of opinion that the great
body of them need not be printed.
Mr. LAFLIN. I yield to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Orth.]
Mr. ORTH. When these papers were laid
before the House by the Speaker I did not ask
that they should be printed; I simply moved
the reference of the documents without print-
ing. I am aware that we have already before
us a large mass of matter which we really do
not desire to have printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman to move the printing, as well as the
reference, of the documents.
Mr. LAFLIN. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I suppose it
does not make any difference now what motion
was made by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Okth,] because the House acquiesced in the
suggestion made by the Speaker that these
documents be printed. Now, I introduced
the resolution calling for these documents, and
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Laflin]
is mistaken if he understood me to acquiesce
in the suggestion that this message and the
accompanying documents should be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs to deter-
mine whether or not they should be printed.
It. occurred to me that the message of the
President, in this case as in all other cases,
should be printed. I am myself anxious to
see these documents in print. They do not
come here in order that this House or any
members of it should act the part of an attor-
ney for any claimants against the Russian
Government to secure them their money at
the expense of the United States. If there be
such purpose anywhere it does not exist in my
case. I certainly am not the attorney or advo-
cate of any claimant here.
Mr. LAFLIN. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts.
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. Speaker, I know
something about this case and a little about
those papers; and I am sure the House should
not order them to be printed until they have
had some consideration ou the part of some
committee of this House. There are undoubt-
edly portions of them of no use in any respect,
and the probability is the whole batch of them
would be mere lumber in the document-room
if ordered to be printed. If on consideration by
the committee it should appear desirable those
papers should be printed it can at the proper
time submit that motion. The petitioner here
asks we shall deduct the amount of his claim
from the purchase money for Alaska. We have
not appropriated that money, and it is doubtful
whether we will appropriate it, and the whole
matter might wait very well until the whole
subject has had further consideration. It would
be expensive to someextent to print this docu-
ment, and therefore I hope the motion of the
gentleman from New York will prevail.
Mr. ORTH. When the communication was
received I moved that it be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, without any
order to print, and for two reasons : one was,
I was satisfied there was nothing in that com-
munication that required its being printed for
the use of the House; and, in the second
place, after that committee received it, if they
thought it was of sufficient importance, they
could come here and ask it to be printed.
We have already before our Committee on
Foreign Affairs, in answer to a resolution of
the House, some eight hundred pages of mat-
ter which is of no use whatever; aud, as the
gentleman from Massachusetts well observed,
if this be printed it will be mere matter of lum-
ber in the document-room. The committee
has not advised the printing of it. In regard
to this Perkins' claim, it is before the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, and has received their
attention somewhat. I can suggest to my
friend from Wisconsin it has nothing to do
with the purchase of Alaska. The heirs of Per-
kins ask of this House, when the money is to
be paid to the Russian Government for Alaska,
thattheamountof their claim shall be deducted,
and these papers only refer to the validity of
that claim. I hope the motion of the gentleman
from New York will be adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The motion to print was reconsidered, and
the papers were then referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs without being ordered to be
printed.
31kssage from tim senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had indefinitely postponed
House bill No. 074, granting a pension to the
widow of William S. Hamlin.
improvement oe the illinois river.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 868) for the improve-
ment of the Illinois river; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
duncan l. clinch, deceased.
Mr. HOLMAN. My friend from Massachu-
setts yields to me to move that the House pro-
ceed to the business on the Speaker's table;
to take up Senate bill No. 308, for the relief
of the heirs of the late General Duncan L.
Clinch. The Senate non-concurred in the
amendment of the House, and I propose to ask
for a committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes between the two Houses.
Mr. COBB. Under the peculiar circum-
stances of this case I feel it to be my duty to
oppose it and demand to be heard on this ques-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. Then I cannot yield to the
gentleman's motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw it for the present.
cutting wood on the upper missouri.
Mr. BURLEIGH, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law for the cutting of wood upon the publio
lands along the upper Missouri river, to be used as
fuel for steamboats navigating said river.
Mr. BURLEIGH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
post office building at new york.
Mr. YAN WYCIC, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to have detailed estimates of the cost of the
proposed post offlee and court-house building in the
city of New York, acoording to the plans presented
by tho commission to procure said plans, and to re-
port at the oarliest moment, with any recommenda-
tions in regard to the material and mode of construc-
tion ho may deem proper.
tennessee election r. r. butler.
Mr. DAWES. I call up the bill reported
from the Committee of Elections last'evening
in pursuance of instructions of the House. I
ask unanimous consent to report a new general
bill on the subject.
The House accordingly proceeded to the
consideration of a bill (II. It. No. 869) pre-
scribing an oath of office to be taken by per-
sons from whom legal disabilities shall have
been removed; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill was read in full. It provides that
whenever any person who has participated in
the late rebellion, and from whom all legal dis-
abilities arising therefrom have been removed
by act of Congress by a vote of two thirds of
each House, has been elected or appointed to
any office or place of tx-ust in or under the Gov-
ernment of the United States, he shall, before
entering upon the duties thereof, take and sub-
scribe the following oath or affirmation and no
other: I, A. B., do solemnly swear (oratBrm)
that, to the best of my knowledge and ability,
I will support and defend the Constitution of
the United States against all enemies, foreign
and domestic; that I will bear true faith and
allegiance to the same; that I take this obliga-
tion freely, without any mental reservation or
purpose of evasion, and that I will well and
faithfully discharge the duties of the office on
which I am about to enter. So help me God.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to occupy a
moment of the time of the House. The whole
matter is fresh in the minds of all. This bill
lias not only met the entire approbation of the
Committee of Elections, but is precisely the
bill prepared and ready to be reported from the
Committee on Reconstruction, with a little
amendment requiring a two-thirds vote instead
of a majority.
Mr. HARDING. I think a bill of so much
importance ought to be printed.
Mr. DAWES. It is printed.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it a new bill?
Mr. DAWES. It was reported yesterday.
Mr. BROOKS. Does the gentleman intend
to put this through to-day without discussion?
Mr. DAWES. I thought it was thoroughly
discussed yesterday on its merits.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not think we have had
any opportunity to examine it at all on our
side. The gentleman is mistaken in supposing
thattheReconstruction Committee have agreed
to any such bill. I am a member of that com-
mittee, and no such bill has been called to my
attention.
Mr. DAWES. I obtained the form from a
gentleman on that committee, who said he was
waiting to report it.
Mr. BROOKS. I suggest that it is a bill of
great importance.
