3756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
act, to be approved by the collcctor of the district,
m the sum of $2,000, with an addition to said sum ot"
$3,000 for each cutting-machine kept for use, of $1,000
lor each screw-press kept for use in making plug or
pressed tobacco, of £5,000 for each hydraulic press
kept for use, of $1,000 for each snuff-mill kept for
use, and of $1,000 for each hand-mill or other mill
or machino kept for the grinding, cutting, or crush-
ing of tobacco; that he will not engage in any at-
tempt, by himself or by collusion with others, to de-
fraud the Government of any tax on his manufactures;
that he will render truly and correctly all the returns,
statements, and inventories proscribed by law or
regulations; that whenever he shall add to the num-
ber of cutting-machines, presses, snuff-mills, hand-
mills, or other mills or" machines, as aforesaid, he
will immediately give notice thereof to the collcctor
of the district; that ho will stamp, in accordance
with law, all tobacco and snuff manufactured by
him beforo he offers the same or any part thereof for
sale, and before he removes any part thereof from
the place of manufacture; that he will not know-
ingly sell, purchase, cxposo or receive for sale any
manufactured tobacco or snuff which has not been
stamped as required by law; and that he will com-
ply with all the requirements of law relating to the
manufacture of tobacco or snuff. And the sum of
tho said bond may be increased from time to time,
and additional sureties required by the collector,
under the instructions of the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. And every manufacturer shall obtain
a certificate from the collector of tho district, who is
hereby authoiized and directed to issuo the same,
sol ting forth the kind and number of machines,
presses, snuff-mills, hand-mills, or other mills and
machines, as aforesaid, for which the bond has been
given, which certificate shall be posted in a con-
spicuous place within the manufactory. And any
tobacco manufacturer who shall neglect or refuse to
obtain such certificate, or to keep the same posted as
hereinbefore provided, shall, on conviction, bo fined
not less than $100 nor more than $500. And any per-
son manufacturing tobacco or snuff of any descrip-
tion without first giving bond as herein required,
shall, on conviction, be lined not less than SI ,000 nor
more than &5,000, and imprisoned for not less than
one year nor more than five years. And the work-
ing or preparation of any leaf tobacco, or tobacco
stems, scraps, clippings, or waste, by sifting, twist-
ing, screening, tying, or any other process shall be
deemed manufacturing.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this section by inserting " hydraulic or
band" before " screw-press," in line twenty-
three; bystriking out' 'press'' after "hydraulic,"
in line twenty-four, and inserting "pump;"
and by inserting before "presses," in line
thirty-three, the word "pumps, hydraulic, or
iuuki."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was before the word
"removes," in line thirty-eight, to strikeout
" offers the same or any part thereof for sale,
and before he."
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendmeut was in line sixty-three,
to strike out " tying " after " screening."
The amendment was agreed to.
Sections sixty-throe, sixty four, and sixty-
fivo, to which no amendment was reported,
were read as follows :
Sec. 03. A ndheitfurthcr enacted, That within thirty
da>s after the passageof thisactevery manufacturer
of tobacco and snuff shall place and keep on theside
or end of tho building within which his business is
carried on, so that it can be distinctly seen, a sign
with letters thereon, not less than three inches in
length, painted in oil colors or gilded,givinghis full
name and business. Any person neglecting to comply
with the requirements of this section shall on con-
viction be fined not less than 6100 nor more than $500.
bEO. u-1. And he tt further enacted, That it shall be
the duty ot e very assistant assessor to keep a record,
m a book or books to be provided for the pnipose, to
be open to the inspection of any person, of the name
and residence of every person engaged in the man u-
faetureot tobacco or snuff in his division, the place
where such manufacture is carried on, and the num-
ber or the manufactory; and tho assistant assessor
shall enter m said record, under the name of each
manufacturer, a copy of every inventory required by
Impact to be made by such manufacturer, and an
abs met of his monthly returns: and each a^se^or
shall keep a similar record for the district, and shall
cuu^e I he several manufactories of tobacco or snuff
in his district to he numbered consecutively, which
numbers shall not thereafter be changed.
£>lc. 65. -A.ntl bn il farther etiuctedy That every per-
son, now or hereafter engaged in the manufacture of
tobacco or snuff, shall make and deliver to the as-
sistant assessor of the division a true inventory, in
such form as shall be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, of the quantity of caeh
of the different kinds of tobacco, snuff-flour, snuff
stems, scraps, clippings, waste, tin-foil, licorice, sugar,
gum, and other materials held or owned by him on the
1st day of January of each year, or at the time of com-
mencing and at the time of concluding business, if
before or after the 1st day of January, setting forth
what portion of said goods and materials, and what
kinds, were manufactured or produced bv him, and
what was purchased from others; which inventory
shall be verified by his oath or affiimation; and the
assistant assessor shall make personal examination of
the stock sufficient to satisfy himself as to the correct-
ness of the inventory, and shall verify the fact of
such examination by oath or affirmation taken be-
fore the" assessor, to be indorsed on or affixed to the
inventory; and every such person shall k«ep a book
or books, the forms of which shall be prescribed by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and enter
therein daily an accurate account of all tho articles
aforesaid purchased by him, the quantity of tobacco,
snuff, and snuff-flour, stems, scraps, clippings, wasto,
tin-foil, licorice, sugar, gum, and other materials, of
whatever description, whether manufactured," (and
if plug tobacco the number of net pounds of lumps
made in the lump-room, and the number of pack-
ages and pounds produced in the press-room each
day,) sold, consumed, or removed for consumption
or sale, or removed from the place of manufacture
in bond, and to what disti ict; and shall, on or before
the tenth day of each and every month, furnish to
the assistant assessor of the division a true and
accurate abstract from such book of all such pur-
chases, sales, and removals, made during the month
next preceding, which abstract shall be verified by
his oath or affirmation; and in case of refusal or
willful neglect to deliver the inventoiy, or keep the
account, or furnish the abstract aforesaid, he shall,
on conviction, be lined not less than $500nor more
than §5,000, and imprisoned not less than six months
nor more than three yoars. And it shall be the duty
of any dealer in leaf tobacco, or in any material used
in manufacturing tobacco orsnuff, on demand of any
officer of internal revenue to render a true and cor-
rect statement, verified by oath or affirmation, of tho
quantity and amount of such leaf tobacco or mate-
rials sold or delivered to any person named in such
demand; and in case of refusal or neglect to render
such statement, or if there is cause to believe such
statement to be incorrect or fraudulent, the assessor
shall make an examination of persons, books, and
papers, in the same mariner as provided in this act
in relation to frauds and evasions.
Section sixty-six was read, as follows:
Sec. 06. And be it further cnctcicd, That the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue shall cause to be
prepared suitable and special revenue stamps for
payment of the tax on tobacco and snuff, which
stamps shall indicate the weight and class of tlie
article on which payment is to be made, and stamps
when used on any wooden package shall be canceled
by sinking a portion of the same into the wood with
a steel die; also, such warehouse stamps as are re-
quired by this aet, which stamps shall be furnished
to the collectors of internal revenue requiring the
same, who shall each keep at all times a supply
equal in amount to three months' sales thereof, and
shall sell the same only to the manufacturers of to-
bacco andsnuff in their respective distiicts who have
gLven bonds as required by law, to owners or con-
signees of tobacco or snuff, upon the requisition of
the proper custom-house officer having the custody
of such tobacco or snuff, and to persons required by
law to affix the same to tobacco or snuff on hand on
tho 1st day of January, A. D. 18G9; and every col-
lector shall keep an account of the number, amount
and denominate values of stamps sold by him to each
manufacturer, and to other persons above described.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the section by inserting after the word
"made," in line live, the words "and shall be
affixed and canceled in the mode prescribed
by theCommissioner of Internal Revenue."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBET!. I desire to inquire whether
that is to be a paper stamp that is to bo affixed,
or whether it is to be printed with a stencil, or
cat in with some kind of a steel stamp. I sup-
pose it is intended to be a paper stamp, is it
not?
Mr. SHERMAN. A paper stamp. I had
specimens here this afternoon.
Mr. COIIBETT. But those were stamps
for whisky.
Mr. SHERMAN. These are similar—some-
thing like tho present tobacco stamp.
Section sixty-seven was read, as follows:
Sec. 67. And be it furthercnaef?d, That every man-
ufacturer of tobacco or snuff shall, in addition to aJl
other requirements of thu att relating to tobacco,
print on each package or securely nffix, by pasting
on each package containing tobacco or snuff* manu-
factured by or for hiiu, a label, on which shall be
printed, together with the manufacturer's name and
t he number of nis manufactory, and the district and
ktate which it is situated, these words:
Notice.—The manufacturer of this tobacco has
complied with all requirements of law. ftveiy per-
son is cautioned, under the penalties of law, not to
use this package for tobacco again."
Any mnrmfactnror of tobacco who shall ncglect to
atdx such label to any package containing tobacco
made by or lor him, or sold or oflered lor sale by or
tor him, or any person who shall remove anv such
label so affixed from any bucli package, shall onoon-
vietion, bo fined fifty dollars for <Tach package n
respect to which such offen&e shall be committed.
The Committee on I* mancc proposed to
amend the section by inserting the words
print on or" before "affix,1' in line fourteen,
ihe amendment was agreed to.
Sections sixty-eight, sixty-nine, seventy, and
seventy-one, to which no amendment was re-
ported, were read as follows;
Sec. 68. And be it further enacted, That any manu-
facturer of tobacco or snuff who shall remove other-
wise than as provided by law, or sell any tobacco or
snuff without the proper stamps denoting the tax
thereon, or without having paid the special tax, or
given bond as required by law, or who shall make
false or fraudulent entries of manufactures or sales
of tobacco or snuff, or who shall make false or fraud-
ulent entries of the purchase or sales of leaf tobacco,
tobacco stems, or other material, or who shall affix
any false, forged, fraudulent, spurious, or counter-
feit stamp, or imitation of any stamp required by this
aet, to any box or package containing any tobacco
or snuff, shall,in addition to the penalties elsewhere
provided in this act for such offenses, forfeit to tho
United States all the raw material and manufactured
or partly manufactured tobacco and snuff, and all
machinery, tools, implements, apparatus, fixtures,
boxes and barrels, and all other materials which
shall be found in the possession of such person, in
the manufactory of such person, or elsewhere.
Sec. 69. And be it farther enacted, That the absence
of the proper stamp on any package of manufactured
tobacco or snuff shall be notice to all oersons that
tho tax has not been paid thereon, and shall be prima
facie evidence of the non-payment thereof. _ And
such tobacco or snuff shall be forfeited to the United
States.
Sec. 70. And be it farther enacted, That any person
who shall remove from any manufactory, or from
any place where tobacco orsnuff is made, any manu-
factured tobacco or snuff without the same being put
up in proper packages, or without the proper stamp
for tho amount thereon being affixed and canceled,
as required by law; or, if intended for export, with-
out tho proper warehouse stamp being affixed; or
shall use, sell, or offer for sale, or have m possession,
except in the manufactory, or in a bonded ware-
house, any manufactured tobacco or snuff, without
proper stamps being affixed and canceled; or shall
sell, or offer for sale, for consumption in the United
States, or use, or have in possession, except in The
manufactory or in a bonded warehouse, any manu-
factured tobacco orsnuff on which only the ware-
house stamp marking tho same for export has been
affixed, shall on conviction thereof for each such
offense, respectively, be fined not less than$l,Q00 nor
more than $5,000, and be imprisoned not less than
six months nor more than two years. And any per-
son who shall affix to any packagecontaming tobacco
or snuff any false, forged, fraudulent, spurious, or
counterfeit stamp, or a stamp which has been bciore
used,shall be deemed guilty ot afelony, and on con-
viction shall be fined not less than $1,000 nor more
than $5,000, and imprisoned not less than two years
nor more than five years.
Sec. 71. And be it jurther enacted, That whenever
any stamped box, bag, vessel, wrapper, or envelope
of any kind, containing tobacco or snuff, shall be
emptied, the stamped portion thereof shall be de-
stroyed by the person in whose hands the same may
be. And any person who shall willfully neglect or
refuse so to do shall, for each such offense, on con-
viction, be fined fifty dollars, and imprisoned not less
than ten days nor more than six months. And any
person who shall sell or give away, or who shall buy
or accept from another, any such empty stamped
box, bag, vessel, wiapper, or envelope of any kind,
or the stamped portion thereof, shall, for each such
offense, on conviction, be fined $100, and imprjsoned
for not less than twenty days and not more than one
year. And any manufacturer or other person who
shall put tobacco or snuff into any such box, bag,
vessel, wrapper, or envelope, the same having been
either emptied or partially emptied, shall, for each
such offense, on conviction, be fined not less than
5rl00 nor more than $300, and imprisoned for not less
than one nor more than three years.
Hie Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the bill bystriking out section seventy-
two, in the following words:
Sec. 72. And be it further enacted, That every manu-
facturer ot plug tobacco shall provide at h^ own ex-
pense a warehouse suitable for the storage of plug
tobacco oiliis own manufacture onlv; or he may pi o-
viac asciMire room in a suitable building, to be used
as such warehouse; but no dwelling-house shall
used for such purpose, and no door, window, oroiher
opening shall be made or permitted in the wiula
thereof leading into any other room or building u*c<l
lor any other purpose, or into the manufactory where
such tobacco is manufactured; and alter a bond has
been given as hereinafter provided, such warehouse
or room, when approved by the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, on report of the collector, is hereby
aecJarcd to be a bonded warehouse of the United
andshall bo under thecontrol of the collector
oi the district and m the custody of an internal reve-
nue storekeeper designated for that purpose by tho
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and shall be kept
locked at all times except when such officer shall be
present; and the stamps required by law on the plug
tobacco stored in &uch warehouse shall be aihxed,
ana such of said stamps as are for the pujment uf
taxes shall be duly canceled before removal from
such warehouse. And the owner of such warehouse
shall execute a bond to the United States, with two
or more sureties, to be'approved by the collector and
assessor, which bond shall be in such form and con-
tain such conditions as shall be prescribed by the
Commissioner oi Internal Revenue; and the penal
sum of such bond shall not be less than &.000 nor less
tnan double the amount of tax on the tobacco stored
t a ere in; and said bond may be increased or renewed
irom time to time in regaid either to the amount
