324
•BHB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
" Anttoer. I had been trying to gain his permission
fo r a Ions? while to leave my State and go into the
avmv, and be dissuaded me on all oci-nsions, and so j
lmu-'.i was he opposed to it thnt there was a coolness ;
between us lor some time. When the raid was made
into jl.tryland, alter the battle of Gettysburg, I w.is
then anxious to leave and join the rebel army: and
he told me then that lousrht not to do it, and as a
citizen ol tho State of Maryland, and that State in
the Union, I had 110 right whatever to do it."
This, it will be observed, was at a time when
the rebels were on Maryland soil.
'* Question. Was it talked over between yea and
your lather, when you lcit,where you were going to?
"Answer. I told you before I had often sought to
gain his permi^ion to go into the confederate army.
"Question, But when you left what particular
point did you leave for?
'Mwwr. I left for Virginia.
" Question. Any particular place?
"/U#jwr. No particular place that I know of, ex-
cep!in„'m the rbbel lines.
" Question. Was there any particular command or
regiment that yon designed to join?
"Answer. So, sir. It was my intention to go in
what was called the Maryland line.
'* 13v Mr. Edmunds :
'* Question. What was that?
"Antwer. That w.as composed of Maryland men,
infantry, cavalry and artillery. .
" Question. A command in the rebel service made
op of citizens of'Marylartd?
"Answer. Not altogether %f citizens of Maryland,
hut the greater portion of them were citizens of the
State of Maryland.
" Question. Your purpose in leaving on the 23d of
November, 1863, was to enter service in that depart-
ment of the rebel service?
"Ansitvr. Ye*, sir.
•* Question. Did your father know that fadt from
you ?
"Answer. No, sir.
" Question. What did he know on the subject of
youi intention as to where you were going?
"Answer. He merely knew, as I told you before,
that I intended to go south for the purpose of going
into the army.
tk By the Chairman:
" Question. During the time you were in the rebel
service did you have any communication with your
father?"
He says, he did not, but that he received
twelve dollars and a half in gold from the fam-
ily. That is not material to my present point.
"Question. When he gave you £100 when you left
home, did lie know that you were receiving that
money to go off and join the enemies of the country
Mid light against it ?
"Answer. He did not think I would get there. He
knew that it was my intention to start for there, but
when lie gave me the money he told me that I never
would get there. He said that he knew Inever would
get there ; but that if I was so headstrong as to op-
pose his Wishes I should not starve, and he gave me
this money to supply my wants.
" By Mr. Edmunds:
" Question. Did you have any other money?
"Answer. Not at that time.
" Question. Where did you cross the lines?
"Ansxcer. X was two months getting there.
" Question. Where didyou go from Boston ? -
"Answer. I went direct to Baltimore.
"Question. You had traveling expenses to pay,-I
gujfpo^e, and you used this money for that purpose ?
"Answer. I did.
"Question. Did your father know that you had no
other money besides this$lU0 that he gave you?
"Anmoer. Yes, sir; he did."
********* *: *
"By Mr. Johnson:
* "Question. How much of thnt "money was left whan
you got aerossthe lines into Virginia?
"Answer None at all; that money did not carry
me across the lines.
" Question. What did yon 3o with it?
"Answer. I spent it in buying clothes; it was the
fall when I started, and X bought some clothes with
it in Baltimore, and spent it in that waySuBaltimore
city.
"By the Chairman:
" Question. Had you no money at all left when you
Crossed the lines?
"Answer. I did not get across tho lines when I first
started from home. Xcame to Washington here anil
stayed a month. That money that father gave me
was spent before I caifie back to Washington.
***********
" By Mr. Edmunds :
" Question. What kind of clothes did you buy with
this money?
" Answer. I bought, I think, whatis called'a kersey
suit, and then I bought a gray frock coat.
" Question. Anything else?
" An-txoer. L bought a pair of boots and a hat, I
think, and I do not remember what else.
" Question. I suppose you had some apparel when
you left home?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I had one suit of clothes, I
think, a black cloth suit, that I wore when X left
home.
" Question. What was your purpose in buying these
clothes in Baltimore; how did you expect to use
them? .
"Ansxcer. I expected to use them to keep the eold
out.
"By Mr. Hendricks:
<" Question. Were they military clothes or civilian's
clothes?
"Ansxoer. Citizen's clothes. I bought them at |
Wci«onfpld's, at tho corner of Market space.
"Bv Mr. Edmunds:
"Question. Do you mean to say that the purchase
of tuo.se clothes had no reference to your getting |
acro-s tho lines, and being comfortably clad in your
operitions in the 'Maryland line,' as you call it?
Did you or not buy them for the purpose of fitting
yourself out for this expedition ?
"Answer. I bought them tor tho purpose of taking
them south with me.
" By Mr. Frelinghysen:
"Question. How old are you?
'Miumvi*. Twenty-two.
" Bv the Chairman :
"Question. What was your ago when you went
away from home ?
"Answer. A little over eighteen.
It is but just that I should say that I omit
some of these passages that do not seem to
bear 011 the precise point I am asking atten-
tion to.
"Question. In these statements of opposition that
your lather made to your going did he object to your
going on tho ground that you would bo fighting on
tliewrongside. and that you ought to enter the Union
Arniv; or on the ground that the war was unjubton
the part of the rebels, and that you ought not to aid
them; or what was the ground on which he put his
opposition?
"Answer. Indeed I cannot positively say.
"Question. State to the best of your recollection.
"Answer. One expression he used I told you. When
the rebel army made a raid into Maryland, after the
battle of Gettysburg, he said I had no right, as a citi-
zen of the State of Maryland, to leave my State in
the Union and join the ranks of the rebel army. That
was his expression.
"Question. Was that all he said on the subject?
"Ansxcer. That is all I remember.
"Question. What were his other statements of dis-
suasion to you, is that the only one you can
remember?
"Answer. I remember thathe said. Ithink, once that
even if I went there and got back, ten chances to one
I should lose a leg or an arm, and 110 one would thank
nic for it. I think he said that.
"Question. Was anything said between you and him
on the subject of your duty in regard to entering the
Union Army?
"Ansxcer. No, sir.
"Question. There were regiments of Maryland men
on the Union side, were there not?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"By Mr. Johnson:
"Question. It was never your purpose to join the
Union Army at that time?
"Answer. No, sir.
"Question. Did a great many young men from your
shore go the South and join the rebel army?
"Anmoer. Yes, sir; the majority of them, I believe—
all my associates, at any rate.
"By Mr. Edmupds:
"Question. Is that what is called Eastern Shore?
*'Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. How long did you continue in the rebel
service ? When did you get back?
"Ansxcer. I was actually in the army about eleven
months. I joined the army on the 9th of May, 1864,
I think, and I surrendered to the ninth Army corps
on tho 16th of April, 1865, nine days after the sur-
render of General Lee."
* ********* *
"By Mr. Thomas:
"Question. Did I not most earnestly invoke you on
various occasions to abandon all idea of going to the
South ?
"Anmoer. Yes, sir ; repeatedly.
"Question. Was theronot a coolness between you
and mo on account of your persistence in the deter-
mination to go tliore?
"Answer. There was.
" Question. Did I not present the objection to yottr
going there in every conceivable shape of which I
was competent?
" Answer. I think so. >
" Question. Did I nottellyou, besides your nothav-
ing the right to go into the rebel service or any ser-
vice against the Government, and besides getting no
thanks for anything you might do, that by entering
it you would lose all opportunity of obtaining a pro-
fession?
"Answer. Yes,sir.
" Question. Were you not engaged then in studying
medicine?
■ "Answer. I was.
"Question. Had you not made ail arrangement
with me by which you were to go into the study of
the profession of medicine?
" Ansxcer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Did I not tell you that your going there,
if you survived it, would destroy all your future
prospects in life ?
" Answer. Yes. sir.
" Question. Did I not constantly, on all occasions,
in conversation with you on the subject, insist upon
it that there was no reason to justify your going?
"Answer. You did.
"Question. You bad resolved, you say, to go to
Gettysburg and enter General Lee's army?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Did I not appeal to you, on the ground
of your duty to the State and the Government, not
to do so ?
" Ansicer. You did.
" Question. Did you or not abandon thoidea on the
appeal I made to you?
"Answer. 1 did."
" Question. Did I ever give you a dollar to go from
home with until you informed me that there was
nothing I could say or do. that would stop your
going? .
Ansicer. 3No, sir.
"Question. And until you had informed me dis-
tinctly that it was vain for me to oppose it—that you
w ould so ?
"JtiMrer. No, sir.
" Question. Were you not making an arrangement
for Uie means to go ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Quest ion. Was it not in your power to have made
the arrangement?
"Answer. Yes. sir. ,.,T
" Question. When I gave you that money did 1 not
state toj-nu that I gave it to you because I did not
want you to be subjected to the suffering and want
which you were likely to be subjected to either in
the attempt to cross the lines or alter you got to tho
South ?
"Antxoer. Yes, sir.
" Question. I told you I could not give my own con-
sont to let you go and suffer?
"Answer. Yes, sir; you said so.
" Question. Did I not depict the sufferings that you
were bound to endure there?
"A nsw-r. Y c*, sir.
"Quest am. Did yon not realize them all afterward?
"Answer. I think I did.
" Question. Were you not in want of clothing at
that time?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I was.
" Question. Did I not know that fact?
"Answer. Yes, sir; you did.
" Question. Did you riot tell me so?
"Answer. I do not know whether I told you so or
not; but you were aware of it.
" Question. Was I not in tho habit of giving you
money to supply your wants of that sort?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. When you left my house, as you were
about to start, did I not go to the door, early in the
morning, out of my bed, and did I not then invoke
you to abandon your intention of going away?
"Ansxcer. You did.
" Question. Did I not tell tou you would certainly
be captured and imprisoned in a Government prison?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Did you ever inform me of any plan
that you had formed in connection with anybody lor
making your way to the South ?
"Ansxcer. I do not remember that. I am positive,
indeed, that I did not.
" Question. I was not apprised of your intentions,
of the course you intended to take, or anything you
intended to do?
"Answer. No, sir.
" Question. And that money I gave you was not
necessary to take you to the confederate service?
"Ansxcer. No, sir.
"Question. You could have made other arrange-
ments, could you not?
" Ahswer. I had made other arrangements.
" Question. Did I not know that fact?
"Ansxcer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Was not the last word I uttered to you,
when you drove from my door, to beseech^you. almost
with tears in my eyes, to abandon the thing, because
nothing but want and suffering would come of it?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
***#*«*•*•**
" By the Chairman :
" Question. How did your father know that you had
made other arrangements by which you could go
anyhow?
" Answer. I suppose he heard it from the family.
" Question. Did you ever tell him ?
" Ansxoer. I never told him personally; but I sup-
pose, perhaps, I mentioned something of the kind
before him.
" Question. Whatwereyourotherarrangementsthat
you had made that jou had mentioned before him?
"Ansicer. I had some few things to sell. I had a
sail-boat, See., that I had made arrangements to sell
and get money.
" Questiun. Did you sell them ?
"Ansicer. No, sir; I did not. I failed in my ar-
rangements. I could have borrowed the m<ney
afterward, but I failed in that arrangement of .oil-
ing the boat.
" By Mr. Edmunds:
"Question. At what time did you fail in thearrange-
ment of selling the boat with reference to thetime of
going away ?
"Answer. I tnentioncd before that I went aw,ty on
tho 23d of November, it may have been the 24th
"Question. How long before that did your arrange-
ment to sell out fall through?
"Answer. I think it Was about two or three days
before that.
"Question. Pid your father know that your arrange-
ment to sell out your boat had fallen through ?
"Answer. I do not think hedid; I never mentioned
it to him; I think that he imagined up to the time I
left his door, or rather the night before I left, that I
had my arrangements made, and would go to the
South anyhow.
"Question. Which day did he give you the money—
the morning you started, or the day before ?
"Answer. I think it was the night before, about
eight o'clock.
"Question. Yon say you could have borrowed the
money 011 tho failure of your boat-selling operation;
did your father know that?
"Answer. No, sir; he know nothingof my arrange-
ments that I am aware of.
" By Mr. Thomas: , .
"Question. Did I not know that you were making
arrangements to borrow money, whether you told me,
or whether I knew it from the family?"
"Answer. I do not remember having told it to you;
as I stated before, you may have heard something
of my arrangements from the family.
