THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MaTBMj
. Mr. DAWES*. I think if the gentleman will
read the bill he will not object to it.
Mr. COOK. The gentleman from New York
is speaking of one bill and the chairman of the
committee of another as being agreed to by the
Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. ARNELL. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts if the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] is in-
corporated in this bill.
Mr. DAWES. That would be applicable to
the next bill we intend to report, and not to
this. I demand the previous question.
Oa seconding the previous question there
mere—ayes 50, noes 6; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Qhair ap-
pointed Messrs. Dawes and Humphrey.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 60, noes 24 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. DAWES. I move a call of the House.
The roll ■was accordingly called, and the
following members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Archor, James M. Ash-
ley, Bailey. Baker, Barnum. Benjamin. Benton,
Bingimm. Blair, Buckland, Butler, Reader W. Clarke,
Qob.urn, Cornell, Covode, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs,
Jielcley, Kggleston, Ela, Farasworth, Finney, Fox,
Ulossbrcnnor, Higby, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Rich-
ard D. Hubbard, Loan, Logan, Lynch, Marvin, May-
nard, McCarthy, Mercur, Moore, Moorhead, Morris-
sey, Mulkns, Peters, Phelps, Pile, Pomeroy. Pruyn,
Robinson, Selye, Shanks, Shelliibargcr, Spalding,
Aaron X?. Stevens, Thaddcus Stevens, Stokes, John
Trimble, Trowbiidge, Van Aukon, Burt Van Horn,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburne, Thomas
Williams, William "Williams, Windom.Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and nine-
teen members have answered to their names.
Mr. DAWES. I move that all further pro-
ceedings uuder the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the previous
question for a moment, and I move to strike
out, in the eleventh line of the bill, the words
"to the best of my knowledge and ability."
That will make it conform exactly to the con-
stitutional oath. I now renew the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman admit
of an amendment in the sixth line, to strike out
"two thirds" and insert "amajority" ofeach
House ?
Mr. DAWES. I can hardly do that.
Mr. MCJNGEN. I desire, with the gentle-
man's permission, to move to add to the last
clause of the bill the following:
That the provisions of this bill be, and the same
are hereby, extended to John Young Brown, Repro-
sentative-elcct from thesecond district of Kentucky.
Mr. DAWES. That would not be germane
to this bill. It might be to the other bill, but
not to this.
Mr. MUNGEN. I understand that this bill
is general in its character, and hence my
amendment is certainly in order.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will look
at the first bill on the printed page he will see
the difference between the two. His amend-
ment might be germane to the first bill, but it
is not to this. At any rate, I do not introduce
any gentleman's name into this bill. It is a
general bill.
Mr. MIJNGEN. I will modify my motion
and not mention anybody's name.
Mr. DAWES. Itis general now. It applies
to one man as much as to another.
Mr. MUNGEN. Perhaps it may be held
that the case of John Young Brown having been
passed upon, it would not come under the pro-
visions of this bill.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is looking at
the wrong bill. His amendment might be ap-
plicable to the other bill, but it is not appli-
cable to this, because the provisions of this
bill are just as applicable to one man as to an-
other. It is a getferal bill. I now call the
previous question.
Mr. BROMWBLL. I wish to suggest to
the chairman of the Committee of Elections
an amendment, to insert after the words "two
thirds of each House'' the wpuds ' according to
the provisions of the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution," so as to recognize that
amendment of the Constitution.
Mr. DAWES. I would not put that into an
act. If there is any such an amendment to the
Constitution it will be according to that, and
if there is not, then it will be according to our
own act. This bill is not in conflict with any
provision of the Constitution, and it may be in
exact conformity with the requirements of the
Constitution.
Mr. BROOKS. Did I understand the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to accept that amend-
ment?
Mr. DAWES. I did not accept it. I was
giving the reasons why I could not do it.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HARDING. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. COBB. I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES then, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. II. No. 870) to remove
political disabilities from Roderick 11. Butler,
of Tennessee; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill was read as follows :
Whereas R. R. Butler, Representative-elect from
tho first congressional district of Tennessee, per-
formed honoiable scrvico in the Army of the United
States from September, 1863, till May, 1804: Xliere-
fore.
Be it enacted hy the fienatc and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Amcrieti in Congress
assembled. That the disabilities imposed upon Rode-
rick K. iiutler, of Tennessee, by force of the act of
Congress entitled "An act to provide for the more
efficient government of tho rebel States," passed
March 2,1SG7, and the act of Congress supplementary
thereto, passed March 23,1807, and the act supple-
mentary thoroto, passed July 19,1867, are hereby re-
moved.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broojiall,] who
desires to move an amendment.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to amend this
bill by inserting before the words "are hereby
removed" the words "and by any provisiou
of the Constitution of the United States."
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to that
amendment; it is merely verbal and does not
alter the meaning at all.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] a member of
the Committee of Elections.
Mr. KERR. With the permission of the
chairman of the Committee of Elections, [Mr.
Dawes,] I think it my duty to offer to this bill
the amendment which I offered to the original
bill the day before yesterday. The effect of
my amendment will be to relieve Mr. Butler
from taking any part of the oath prescribed by
the act of 1862.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will exam-
ine the general bilWwhich we have just passed
he will see that the oatli there prescribed re-
lates only to acts in the future, not to acts in
the past.
Mr. KERR. I think the scope of the oath
prescribed in the general bill, to which he
refers, is proper and liberal enough. That
bill, however, does not cover this point. The
bill to which I am now speaking relates to
Mr. Butler by name, and proposes to relieve
him from taking so much of the oath as is
there set forth.
Mr. DAWES. Let me explain. If the
pending bill should pass Mr. Butler would
take only that oath set forth in the general
bill which we have just passed.
Mr. KERR. I was under the impression
that the bill now under consideration was in
substance like the one reported the other day.
I now perceive that it is a modified bill.
Mr. BROOKS. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] if lie
proposes to call the previous question on this
bill at this time?
Mr. DAWES. I did propose to do so. I
regret very much that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] was not here yester-
day and the day before, when the real-status
of this Mr. Butler was discussed at great
length. I believe the universal testimony,
with perhaps one or two exceptions, was that
Mr. Butler is really a truly loyal and Union
man. I suppose it has always been contem-
plated that at some time and in respect to such
persons these political disabilities would be re-
moved. Special acts of that character have
already passed the Senate, and I suppose that
some of them have been agreed to be reported
by the Committee on Reconstruction. How-
ever, the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] himself a member of that commit-
tee, can speak on that subject better than I
can. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] reported a bill the other day, which was
ordered to be printed and recommitted, in
which was the name of this gentleman, to-
gether with several others which have been
sent to us by the Senate. I suggested to them
that they ought to know what the evidence
was in regard to this man before they asked
for the passage of any such bill. Now, I
would be willing to discuss this bill at any
length, if 
Mr. BROOKS. I do not want to discuss
it; I merely want to understand this case. I
intend to vote, if possible, for the admission of
Mr. Butler, and the removing all disabilities,
not only from him, but from everybody else.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will under-
stand mc, if it is of any consequence to know
how I stand.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to call attention to
the fact that through some fault—a misprint,
perhaps—this book of the Committee of Elec-
tions does not present all the facts of the case
to the House. Without the knowledge of the
committee, I am sure, from this printed book
have been suppressed some important portions
of testimony before the committee, and when
not suppressed names and numbers are so in-
correctly given that it is almost impossible to
find out any fact.
Mr. DAWBS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman, in reply to what he has said, that the
gentleman who appeared before the Committee
of Elections to prosecute this case arranged
this matter as he desired. It never was inti-
mated before the committee that anything was
not printed that he desired to have printed,
except an extract from a speech of Mr. Butler
in the Legislature, the manuscript of which
Mr. Powell had, and which was admitted by
Mr. Butler, and was read before the committee.
Mr. BROOKS. That speech was not printed
in the book of testimony reported from the
Committee of Elections?
Mr. DAWBS. It was not.
Mr. BROOKS. Shall I read it?
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman has it he
can read it. I suppose he refers to the speech
in relation to bridge burning.
Mr. BROOKS. What is strange is that it
is not printed in the book of testimony.
Mr. DAWES. Was it in reference to the
bridge-burning?
Mr. BROOKS. If I understand the facts
of the caae in regard to the burning of bridges,
they wore burned by order of the Government
of the United States, by an officer of the United
States; and a speech made by Mr. Butler in
the Tennessee Legislature is thus reported, the
report being verified in the evidence which I
hold in my hand:
"Mr. Butler denounced the act in the strongest
terms, and sincerely hoped that the perpetrators, be
they who they might, would be arrested and severely
punished."
