1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
Let me state that they were arrested, and
two of them were hung."
" IIo stated that he had always opposed the intro-
duction of Lincoln troops into Bast Tennessee, and
■when consulted upon thesubjeet, had advised against
it; and he believed a very large majority of his con-
stituents were opposed to such steps."
Mr. DAWES. So far as my ear caught the
reading, the evidence in regard to the bridge
burning has been correctly read by the gentle-
man from New York. 1 will state the explana-
tion of that matter. The bridges were not
burned by order of the Government of the
Un ted States, but they were burned by Union
men in aid of the cause, and fifteen, or about
that number, of Mr. Butler's constituents were
arrested and brought to Nashville by the con-
federates, charged with burning those bridges.
There was the most intense excitement, and
those men narrowly escaped being lynched in
the streets. Mr. Butler left his place in the
Legislature and went down on the street to
interfere in their behalf, to endeavor to save
them. The crowd in the street became very
much excited,and one man called out, "There
is another God d d bridge-burner!'' Mr.
Butler was at once pursued and was obliged
to conceal himself to save his life. The ex-
citement in the Legislature was so great that
he was compelled, in order to save himself,
to make the statement—although" a Union
man, admitted to be a Union man—that he
never approved of this bridge burning. He
denounced the bridge burning by Union men—
this secret bridge burning. The papers in
Nashville charged him with being a partici-
pant in it. Going down to interlere to save
those Union men, he involved himself in this
excitement and came very near losing his life.
He only quieted the apprehensions of the rebels
in the Legislature by getting up and making
this statement. After he had quieted them he
went secretly to the prison, carrying those
Union men bread; and he aided in getting
them out of prison. But after that he dare
not appear on the streets of Nashville.
That is the explanation of the matter. The
evidence on the subject was intended to be
printed in this document now on the desks of
members ; but by an oversight on the part of
Mr. Powell it did not get into the document.
"When the evidence was brought forward in
committee it was used as authentic just as the
gentleman from New York has read it. I am
very glad to have the opportunity to state the
facts in regard to this matter; for it only pre-
sents anotherof the many proofs accumulating
on all sides of Mr. Butler's true character
under all circumstances and all perils. He
admitted the facts most freely before the com-
mittee. Before he went into the Legislature
he foresaw the peculiar position in which He
would be placed ; he protested that his friends
were requiring of him a duty that would involve
him in misconstruction and odium; but at last
he consented to perform this duty. The duty
which he was obliged to perform in that Le-
gislature was similar to that which the Com-
mander-in-Chief of an army imposes upon
some trustworthy man whom he sends to do a
work that he cannot do if his full character
and disposition and purposes are understood,
yet a work as valuable and essential to the
accomplishment of the purposes of the com-
mander as duties which are more imposing and
the merit of which is more readily hailed and
acknowledged by the public.
Mr. BROOKS. I am very sorry, Mr.
Speaker, that Mr. Butler had not more moral
courage ; but I am glad to hear the gentleman
from Massachusetts making out his case. I
want to vote for his admission.
Mr. DAWES. I assure the gentleman from
New York that he never can find a more
worthy man upon whom to bestow his suf-
frages. I beg the gentleman to be charitable
in his judgments. As I said yesterday, I dare
not stand up here and say with confidence that
I should hove exhibited, under similar circum-
stances, greater moral courage than Mr. Butler
displayed.
Mr. BROOKS. There is one other matter
which is also strangely omitted from the printed
book, but which is verified as a matter of tes-
timony ; and that is, the presentation of a
sword by Mr. Butler and others to an officer
of the rebel army. This matter will be under-
stood from the reading of the documents I
hold in my hand.
Mr. DAWES. I think I can explain that
sword presentation.
Mr. BROOKS. Let us hear the explana-
tion ; but first let us hear the testimony, which
is properly verified.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sword Presentation.
House of Representatives, December 5, 18G1.
IT. C Lockjiart: The undersigned, your brother
members of the General Assembly now in session,
having learned with much pleasure that you have,
in response to the call of the Governor of our State,
proceeded to your county of Stewart and raised a
company of gallant freemen, and with them have
tendered your services in the defense of the iStafc in
this hour of need, do hereby, a^ a small token of our
high appreciation of your gallantry and personal
merit, present you this sword, and ask you to receive
it and wield it with your own arm in defense of (Air
State, in whatever licid you may be called to meet
the enemies of our common countiy.
Edwin A. Keeble, Thomas J. Moseby,
F. 15. It'agland, "William Tolly,
William L. Martin, W. A. Donlap,
Frederick S. Be Wolfe, James MeAllum,
T. E. S. Rosswurm, James W. Lea,
J. 1). Easby, W. L. McClelland,
S. D. Whitten, M. J. Fisher,
Daniel Parker, VV. (J. Tucker,
A.Caruthers, William Donaldson,
H. F. Cummins, John Law.
H. 8. Hill, J. P. Corlhal,
1). N. Kennedy, J. R. Gardner,
J. M. Fleming, Tva P. Jones,
W, 1L. M. Brooks, William Wallace,
B. F. Martin, ►>. Mathews,
A. L. Demoss, John E. Garner,
R. M. Edwards, James M. Meek,
J. J. Ranch, A. S. Rogers,
R.Y.Ellis. J>. M. Estea,.
James S. House, A. S. JoriKurin,
R. S. Osborne, John Eubank,
R. R. Butler, John Martin,
R. P. Biuoks, W. I). Jopling,
D. W. C. Senior, Isaac C. (Jarretson,
M. Ward, Austin Miller,
W. Y. Martin, J. N. Little.
A Robb,
IJoush of Representatives,
Nashville, December 5, 18G1.
Gentlemen: I have the pleasure of receiving your
very complimentary letter of this date, accompanied
by a beautiful and elegant sword, which you, my
brother members of the General Assembly, have seen
fit to tender to me. 1 feel that I am overwhelmed by
this evidence of your confidence in my attachment to
those great principles of social and political equality
that underlie the foundation upon which this great
revolution rests. Words are inadequate to express
my gratitude. 1 receive this elcgaut sword at your
hands, and pledge my life, my iortune, and my saeicd
lionoi that it shall never lie pi o^t i tut ed to ba>e and
unworthy purpose^; and that when it. is unsheathed
it shall be in the name of liberty and equality, and
when it Hashes amid the storm ot battle the remem-
brance of the donors shall nerve the arm that wields
it. In simple, lieaitfelt words, I thank vou.
Yours, etc., H. 0. LOCKHART.
Edwin A. Keeble, F. B. Ragland, W. L. Martin,
and others.
Mr. DAWES. You find Mr. Butler's name
to that. Now listen to the answer. It was
never put there by Mr. Butler or with his
knowledge. If the gentleman will turn to page
75 of Miscellaneous Documents No. 28, and
look over it I will read from the testimony of
one of the truest Union men there:
" Question. Please state if Ira P. Jones did not
come to you, S. Mathews, and R. R Butler, during
the sitting of that Legislature, with a paper stating
that the friends of II. 0. Loekhart (who was a mem-
ber of the House) intended to present hira a sword,
as he was going to join the rebel army, and requested
Mathews, Butler, and yourself to sign the paper and
pay something toward the sword; and if you,
Mathews, and Butler, did not refuse to do so: and if
Jones then did not go oil" and get Colonel Robb.ot the
House, who was popular with the Union members from
East Tennessee, andcoinewithhim to you, Mathews,
and Butler, urging you to sian the paper for the sword,
and. if you, Mathews, and Butler, did not still lefuse
to sign it, and if Colonel Robb did not remark that
he would sign the names and pay the amount; that
he intended to have it appear that it was doncby all
the members of the House; and if, after the adjourn-
ment of the House, you, Mathews, and Butler did
not say that you hoped that he, Loekhart, would cut
his own damned head off with the sword the first
light ho got into ?
"Answer. I remember th e presentation of th e paper
referred to ; I also remember that wc had a peculiar
dislike to Loekhart, the proposed recipient. When
Jones presented the paper we (Butler, Mathews, and
myself) refused tosign it. Wesawnomorcof it, per-
haps till next day, when Colonel RoJjb, who, for
his many amiable qualities, had won upon our friend-
ship, presented the paper to us, insisting that it was
desirable to have the names of all the members of
the House, and on our ag (in refusing he proposed to
furnish the money himself, which he did. I do not
think Butler, Mathews, or any other Union mom be?
paid any money toward purchasing said sword. We
had a conversation about it in our room, (Butler,
Mathews, and myself,) and in the conversation lire-
member it was the general wish that he might Jiill
himself with it or come to some untimely end. But-
ler had a peculiar dislike for him, which .was shared
by the Union membeis generally."
On page 6-1 is the testimony of another Union
man; a Union Senator with him, Mr. Mathews:
"Answer. I never heard, duringthe war, any Union
man doubt Judge Butler's loyalty to theUovernment
oi the United .States.
"Question. The rebel papers published a statement
that the members of the Legislature presented H. C.
Loekhart, a member of the House, with a sword;
please state how the name of the Union members
came to be on that paper, and what I said to you at
the time about it. Please stato all you remember
about it.
"Answer. In our conversationsupon the subject of
the sword, Judge Butler and sell agreed that if the
sword was to cut the damned rascal's throat, we
would both sign our names to the Iwt to help furnish
it, and contribute one dollar. But I did not sign my
namo to it, neither did Judge Butler, but the friends
of the movement a>aid it must be unanimous, and the
names of the Union men were put down by their rebel
colleagues. Judge Butler stated that he hoped that
he (Loekhart) would be killed in the first light he got
into, and then wo would bo done with him forever."
I hope my friend is now content.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask the gentleman to
turn to page 6, while I read the testimony of
Mr. Meeks:
"Question. Please stato if, during the session of th©
Legislature in 1861-02, a sword was presented to a
confederate ollieer, and who it was that spoke and
presented the sword on that occasion.
"Ansirer. My recollection is, there was a sword
presented to a rebel officer by the name of Loekhart,
trorn Stewart county; X think the lion. R. R. Butler
presented it, but how it eamo to be done I do not
know."
Mr. DAIVES. It was not claimed before
the Committee of Elections that Mr. Butler
did make any such speech. It was denied by
Mr. Butler. It is a mistake; the witness him-
self is not positive. In point of fact it is a
mistake, and no such speech was made. It
was not contended before the committee in the
presence of Mr. Powell that Mr. Butler made
this speech. It was not insisted on by Mr.
Powell, and Mr. Butler himself denied he
ever made such a speech. This is a mistake,
then.
Mr. BROOKS. I am glad to hear the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. He is acting the
part he sometimes accuses me of acting, that
is, defending rebels. I am prosecuting one of
them now.
I will come now to another ease, but nqt as
bad as the others. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts says in his report that Mr. Butler
cannot truthfully take this test-oath.
He will recollect he offered to take it at the
opening of the session. Now, I am quite sure
the attention of the gentleman has not been
called to the franchise act of Tennessee.
Mr. DAWES. Yes it has.
Mr. BROOKS. It shows that he has taken
this oath untruthfully. Let me read a little
of the franchise act passed May 3, I860. It
forces the voter to swear that he has never
borne arms voluntarily or given aid and com-
fort to the enemy. The second section pro-
vides :
"That said voter shall have never sought or volun-
tarily accepted any office, civil or military, or at-
tempted to exercise the functions of any office, civil
or military, under the authority or pretended author-
ity of the so-called confedeiate States of America, or
ot any insurrectionary State whatever, hostile or
opposed to the authority of the United States Gov-
ernment, with the intent and desire to aidsaid rebel-
lion or insuriectionaiy authority."
The third scction provides—
" That said voter shall never have voluntarily sup-
ported any pretended government, power, or au-
thority hostile or inimical to the authority of the
United States, by contributions in money or pioperty,
by persuasion or influence, or in any other way what-
ever."
And the oath which he is obliged to take
under this act and which Mr. Butler did take,
reads thus:
"I do most solemnly swear that I have never vol-
untarily borne arms against the Government of the
