1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87 m
thereof or the sureties as the collector, assessor, or
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may require;
ami such bonded warehouse shall be under such fur-
ther regulations as the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue may prescribe.
The amendment was agreed to.
Section [seventy-three] seventy-two was read,
as follows:
Sec. [73] 72. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, upon the execution
of such bonds ashe may prescribe, maydesignate and
establish, at any port of entry in the United States,
bonded warehouses for the storage ol' manufactured
tobacco and snuff, in bond,intended forexportation,
selecting suitable buildings for such purpose, to be
recommended by the collector in charge of exports
at such port, to be known as export bonded ware-
houses, and used exclusively for the storage of man-
ufactured tobacco and snuff in bond. Every sueh
warehouse shall be under the control of the collector
of internal revenue in chargc of exports at the port
where bueh warehouse is loeated, and shall be in
charge of an internal revenue storekeeper assigned
thereto by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
No manuiaetured tobacco or snuff shall be withdrawn
or removed from any bonded warehouse without an
order or permit from the collector in charge of ex-
ports at such port, which shall be issued only for the
immediate transfer to a vessel by which such tobacco
or snuff is to be exported to a foreign country, as
hereinafter provided, or after the tax has been paid
thereon. And such warehouse shall be under such
further regulations as the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue may prescribe.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the section by adding to it the following
proviso:
Provided, That any manufactured tobacco and snuff
may be withdrawn once, and no more, from an export
bonded warehouse for transportation to any other
port of entry in the United States where an export
bonded warehouse for the storage of manufactured
tobacco and snuff may have been established, and
such manufactured tobacco and snuff so withdrawn
shall, on its arrival at the second port of entry be
immediately warehoused in an export bonded ware-
house lor the storage ot manufactured tobacco and
fcnulF, from which it shall be withdrawn only as pro-
vided by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Section [seventy-four] seventy-three was
read as follows:
Sec. [71] 73. And be it further enacted, That man-
ufactured tobacco and snuff maybe removed in bond
from the warehouse of the manufactory without pay-
ment of the tax, to be transported directly to an
export, bonded warehouse for the storage ot manu-
factured tobacco or snuff established at a port of
entry as hereinbefore provided; and the deposit in
and withdrawal from any bonded warehouse, the
transportation and the exportation of manufactured
tobacco and snuff, shall be made under sueh rules
and regulations, and after making such entries and
executing sucli bonds and giving sueh other addi-
tional security as may be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, which shall, in all re-
spects, so far as applicable, conform to the provisions
of law and regulations relating to distilled spirits to
be deposited in or withdrawn from bonded ware-
house or transported or exported. All tobacco and
f-'nuff intended ior export, before being removed
from the manufacturer's warehouse, shall have af-
fixed to each package an engraved stamp indicative
of Mich intention, to be provided and furnished to
the several collectors, as in the case of other stamps,
and to be charged to them and accounted for in the
same manner; and for the expense attending the
providing and affixing such stamps, twent>-five cents
for each package so stamped shall be paid to thecol-
icetor on making the entry for such transportation;
but the provisions of this section shall not limit the
time for tobacco or snuff to remain in bond.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the section by striking out before "the
manufactory," in line three, the words 11 the
warehouse of.,J
The amendment was agreed to.
Section [seventy-five] seventy-four was read,
as follows:
Sfc. [75] 7-i. And be it further enacted, That in all
cases where tobacco or snuff of any description i?
manufactured, in whole or inpart, upon commission
or shares, or where the mateiial from which any
such articles are made, or are to be made, is fur-
nished by one person and made or manufactured by
another, or where the material is furnished or sold
by one person with an understanding or agreement
with another that the manufactured article is to be
received in payment therefor or for anypart thereof,
the stamps required by law bhall be fixed by the
actual maker or manufacturer before the article
passes from the place of making or manufacturing.
And in case of fraud on the part ot either of said
peisons in respect to said manufacture, or of any col-
lusion on their part with intent to defraud the reve-
nue, such material and manufactured articles shall
be forfeited to the United States: and each person
to such fraud or collusion shail bo deemed guilty of
a misdemeanor, and, on conviction, be fined not less
than 5I0O nor more than $5,OUO and imprisoned for
not less than bix months nor more than three years.
The Committee on Finance" proposed to
amend the section by striking out u person," ■
in the sixteenth line, and inserting "party."
The amendment was agreed to.
The following sections, to which no amend-
ment was proposed, were read:
Sec. [76] 75. And be it further enacted, That every
dealer in leaf tobacco shall enter daily in a book
kept for that purpose, under such regulations as the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue may prescribe,
the number of hogsheads, cases, and pounds of leaf
tobacco purchased by him, and of whom purchased,
and the number of hogsheads, cases, or pounds sold
by him, with the name and residence, in each in-
stance, of the person to whom sold, and if shipped,
to whom shipped, and to what district. Such book
shall be kept at his place of business, and shall be
open at all hours to the inspection of any assessor,
collector, or other revenue officer; and any dealer in
leaf tobacco who shall neglect or refuse to keep such
book shall be liable to a penalty of not less than $500,
and on conviction thereof shall be fined not less than
$100 nor more than $5,000, and imprisoned not less
than six months nor more than two years.
Sec. [77J 70. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the passage of this act, and until the 1st
day of October, 1808, all manufactured tobacco and
snuff (not including cigars) imported from foreign
countries, shall be placed by the owner, importer,
or consignee thereof in a bonded warehouse of the
United States at the place of importation, in the same
manner and underrules as provided for warehousing
goods imported into the United States, and shall not
be withdrawn from such warehouse, nor be entered
for consumption or transportation in the United
States prior to the said 1st day of October, 18G8. All
manufactured tobacco and snuff (not including
cigars) imported from foreign countries, after the
passage of thi3 act, shall, in addition to the import
duties imposed on the same, pay the tax prescribed
in this act for like kinds of tobacco and snuft manu-
factured in the United States, and have the same
stamps respectively affixed. Such stamps shall bo
affixed and canceled on all such articles so imported
by the owner or importer thereof while such articles
are in the custody of the proper custom-house officers,
and such articles shall not pass out of the custody of
such officers until the stamps have been affixed and
canceled. Such tobacco and snuff shall be put up in
packages, as prescribed in this act for like articles
manufactured in the United Statesbeforesuch stamps
are affixed; and the owner or importer of such tobacco
and snuff shall be liable to all the penal provisions
of this act, prescribed for manufacturers of tobacco
and snuff manufacturedin the United States. Where
it shall be necessary to take any of sucl\ articles, so
imported, to anyplace for the purpose of repacking,
affixing, and canceling such stamps, other than the
public stores of the United States, the collector of
customs of the port where such articles shall be
entered shall designate a bonded warehouse to which
such articles shall be taken, under the control of
such customs officer "as such collector may direct.
And any officer of customs who shall permit any such
articles to pass out of his custody or control without
compliance by the owner or importer thereof with
the provisions of this section relating thereto, shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, on
conviction, be lined not less than $1,000, nor more
than $5,000. and imprisoned not less than six months
nor more than three years.
Section [seventy-eight] seventy-seven was
read, as follows:
Sec. [78] 77. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the passage of this act it shall be the duty
of every dealer in manufactured tobacco, having on
hand more than twenty pounds, and every dealer in
snuff having on hand more than ten pounds, to imme-
diately make a true and correct inventory of the
amount of such tobacco andsnuff, respectively, under
oath or affirmation, and to deposit such inventory
•with the assistant assessor of the proper division,
who shall immediately return the same to the as-
sessor of tho district, who shall immediately there-
after make an abstract of the several inventories filed
inhis office, and transmit such abstract to tho Com-
missioner of Interna* Revenue, and a like inventory
and return shall bo made on the first day of every
month thereafter, and a like abstract of inventories
shall be transmitted while any sueh dealer has
tobacco or snuff remaining on hand manufactured in
the United States, or imported prior to the passage
of this act. and not stamped. After the 1st day of
January, 1S69, all smoking, fine-cutchewingtobacco,
or snuff, and after'the 1st day of July, 1S69, all other
manufactured tobacco of every description shall be
taken and deemed as having been manufactured
after the passage of this act, and shall not be sold or
offered for sale unless put up in packages and
stamped as prescribed by this act; and any person
who shall sell, 01* offer for sale, after the 1st day of
January, 1869, any suioking, fme-cutohewing tobacco,
or snuff, and after the 1st day of July, 1869, any other
manufactured tobacco not so put up in packages and
stamped, shall, 011 conviction, be fined not lci>s than
$500 nor more than $5,000, and imprisoned not less
than six months nor more than two years.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the section by inserting after the word
"act," in line twenty-five, the words ''except
at retail by retail dealers from wooden pack-
ages stamped as provided for in this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The following sections, to which no amend-
ment was reported, were read:
Sec. C79] 78. A ad be it further enacted, That any
person who shall, after the passage of this act, sell,
or offer for sale, any manufactured tobacco or snuff,
representing tho same to have been manufactured
and the tax paid thereon prior to the passage of this
act, when the same was not so manufactured, and the
tax not so paid, shall be liable to a penalty of $500
for each offense, and shall be deemed guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and, on conviction, shall be fined not less
than $500 nor more than $5,000, and shall be impris-
oned not less than six months norinore than two years.
Sec. [80] 79. And be it further enacted. That ail
manufactured tobacco and snuff, manufactured prior
to the passage of this act, and held in bond at the
time of its passage, may be sold for consumption in
the original packages, with the proper stamps for tho
amount of the tax thereon affixed and canceled as
required bylaw; and any person who shall, aftor the
passage of this act, offer for sale any tobacco orsnuff,
in packages of a different size from those limited and
prescribed by this act, representing the same-to have
been held in bond at the time of the passage of this
act, when the same was not so held in bond, shall, on
conviction, be fined fifty dollars for each package in
respect to which such offense shall be committed :
Provided, That after tho 1st day of January, A. D.-
1869, no such tobacco orsnuffshallbesoldorremoved
for sale or consumption from any bonded warehouse
unless put up in packages and stamped as provided
by this act.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Secretary must be
very tired; we have got along very well; and
I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 6, 18G8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Kev. C. B. Boyk"ton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday the
first business in order is the call of the States
and Territories for bills and joint resolutions
for reference to the appropriate committees,
not to be brought back intb the House by a
motion to reconsider, commencing with the
State of Maine; during which call resolutions
and memorials of State and territorial Legis-
latures are in order.
prince bdward's island.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 322) relative to
Prince Edward's Island; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
DISTRICT COURT FOR DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. MILLER introduced a bill (II. R. No.
llioC) in relation to the service of the filing of
a bill in equity in the district court of the Uni-
ted States for the District of Columbia; which
was raad a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
: to be printed.
IMPROVEMENTS IN WASHINGTON CITY.
Mr. U]?SON introduced a bill (H. Ii. No.
1357) making an appropriation to reimburse
the city of washington for expenses incurred
in improving the property of the General Gov-
ernment in said city 5 which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
BACK PAY AND BOUNTY OF FORMKIt SLAVE?.
Mr. HINDS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1358) providing for the payment of like hack
pay and bounty to persons marked uslave'J
upon the rolls as'to other soldiers ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
LANDS IN DUBUQUE, IOWA.
Mr. ALLISON introduced a bill (H. R. No.#
1359) approving the sale of certain lands in
the city of Dabuque by said city ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
IOWA SOUTHERN RAILWAY" COMPANY.
Mr. LOUG-HRIDCtE introduced a bill (EL
R. No. 18G0) granting lands to the Iowa
Southern Railway Company ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
MAIL KOU'fES IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. TAFFE introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1361) to establish certain mail routes in the
