1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
209
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Nicholson.
Ho. OF Keps,
and palpable violation of the Constitution and
laws made in pursuance thereof as to justify
the impeachment of the President? Clearly
not, if it shall appear that in this matter he has
acted with a just conception of the executive
power vested in him by the Constitution ; or
if the law, which was passed forthe purpose of
limiting and restraining that power, shall ap-
pear to be unconstitutional; or waiving that
question, if a fair construction of the law would
show that Mr. Stanton is not included within
the provisions of the first section. Article two,
section one, of the Constitution, reads:
"The executive power shall be vested in a Presi-
dent of tho United States of America." * s *
* " Andhe shall nominate, and by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate shall appoint, em-
bassadors, other public ministers and consuls, judges
of the Supreme Court, and all other officers of the
United States whose appointments are not herein
otherwise provided for, and which shall be estab-
lished by law; but theCongress may, by law, vest the
appointment of such inferior officers as they think
proper in the President alone, in the courts of law,
or in the heads of Departments."
The President's oath of office is—
441 do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faith-
fully execute the office of President of the United
States, and will, to the best of my ability, preserve,
Protect, and defend the Constitution of the United.
tates."
Article six: *
44 This Constitution and the laws of the United
States which shall be made in pursuance thereof, &c.,
shall be the supreme law of the land."
Now, under the sanction of his oath, the
President is undoubtedly authorized to exer-
cise some discretion in the administration of
the laws; and may rightly refuse to execute
them if they shall not be made in pursuance of
the Constitution, or if they shall plainly violate
its provisions. Suppose you were to enact a
law abolishing the mission to Spain and de-
clare that no minister should be sent to that
kingdom, it could have no influence upon the
action of the Executive 5 for the Constitution
authorizes him to nominate, and by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate to ap-
point, embassadors, other public ministers, &c.
Suppose that in the exercise of this power he
were to nominate such an officer to the Senate
in the very teeth of the law prohibiting it, could
you impeach him? Perhaps you might try it
for what you would call an insult to your as-
sumed superiority.
The extent of the executive power in making
removals has been as well settled as any other
power from 1789 down to the present time;
and on this point I must necessarily, to some
extent, repeat what has already been cited by
others, as our authorities are the same:
" In the debate in the First Congress in 1789 upon
the bill organizing the Department of State thisvery
question was discusscd; and the final vote seems to
have expressed the sense of the Legislature, that the
power of removal by the Executive could not be
abridged by the Legislature, at leubt not in cases
where the power to appoint was not subject to legis-
lative delegation."—Story on Constitution, note to sec-
tion 1537.
"After a most animated discussion the vote finally
taken in the House of Kepresentatircs was affirma-
tive of the power of removal in the President, with-
out any cooperation of the Senate, by the vote of
thirty-four members agrainst twenty. In the Senate
the clause in the bill affirming the power was carried
by the casting vote of the Vice President.Story on
Constitution, section 1542.
During that debate Mr. Madison spoke as
follows:
44 The Constitution affirms that the executive power
Is vested in the President. Are there exceptions to
this proposition ? Yes, there arc. The Constitution
says that, in appointing to office, the Senate shall be
associated with the President, unless in the case ot
inferior officers, when the law shall otherwise direct.
Have we (that is. Congress) a right to extend this ex-
ception? 1 believe not. If the Constitution has in-
vested all executivepower in thePresident I venture
to assert that the legislature has no rightto diminish
or modify his executive authority. Thequestionnow
resolves itself into this: is the powerof displacing an
executivepower? I conceive that if any power what-
soever is in the Executive it is the powerof appoint-
ing, overseeing, andcontrollingtho.se who executc the
Jjwd. If thcOonstitution had not qualified the power
ofthe President in appointingto office by associating
the Senate with him 111 that business, would it not
be clear that he would have the right, by virtue of his
oxeeutivepower, to makesueh appointment? Should
40TH CONU. 2D SEAS.— NO. 14.
we be authorized, in defiance of that clause in the
Constitution—' The executive power shall be vested
in the President'—to unite the Senate with thePres-
identin the appointment to ofhcc? I conceive not.
If it isadmitted that we should not be authorized to
do this, I think it may bo disputed whether we have
a right to associate them in removing persons from
office, the one power being as much of an executive
nature as the other; and the first one id authorized
by being excepted out of the general rule established
by the Constitution in these words: 'The executive
power shall be vested in the President/ "
Upon the same point Chancellor Kent re-
marks, (Kent's Com., sec. 14, pp. 310, 311:)
"On thefirst organisation of the Government itwas
made a question whether the power of removal in
ease of officers appointed to hold at pleasure resided
nowhere but in the body which appointed, and, of
course, whether the consent ofthe Senate was not
requisite to remove. This was thecon^truetion given
to the Constitution while it wns pending for ratifica-
tion before the State conventions by tne author of
the Federalist. But the construction which was
given to the Constitution by Congress, after great
consideration and discussion, was different. The
words of the act (establishing the Treasury Depart-
ment) are: 'And whenever the same shall be re-
moved from office by the President of the United
States, or in any other case of vacancy in the office,
the assistant shall act.' This amounted to a legisla-
tive construction ofthe Constitution, and it has ever
since been acquiesced in and acted upon as adecisive
authority in the ease. It applies equally to every
other officer of the liovernment appointed by the
President whoso term of duration is not specially
declared. It is supported by the weightyreason that
thosubordmate officers in the executive department
ought to hold at the pleasure of the head of the Pe-
partment. because he is invested generally with tho
executive authority, and the participation in that
authority by the Senate was an exception to a gen-
eral principle, and ought to be taken strictly. The
President is the greatresponsibleofficerforthefaith-
ful execution of the law. and the power of removal
was incidental to that duty, and might often be re-
quisite to fulfill it."
And he further observes, "it may now be
considered as firmly and definitely settled, and
there is good sense and practical utility in the
construction."
I need to add nothing more by way of argu-
ment to these high authorities to show that
the " act regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices" is not warranted in the Constitution.
But I am not required, for my present pur-
pose, to prove this law unconstitutional; for
I contend that the President can only be im-
peached for a knowing and willful violation of
the Constitution or a law made in pursuance
thereof with the intent to usurp a power not
conferred upon him by the Constitution or to
pervert his power to the injury and not the wel-
fare of the people. The President, with all
this weight of authority on his side, the com-
mon consent given to this construction through
all this lapse of time, had a right to exercise
the power of removal, hitherto unquestioned,
without being charged with the commission of a
''high crime and misdemeanor;" and, being
in the possession of a prima facie, if not an
absolute, light, the burden of proof must rest
upon those who question his authority, and
they should be willing to invoke a decision of
the Supreme Court to settle the controversy.
But, so fur from doing this, they have, in every
possible way, manifested their dread of that
august tribunal. They have attempted to close
the mouth of the court and prevent them from
passing upon the constitutionality of a law of
Congress, and have resorted to every device
that they may defeat the purpose and desire
of the President to obtain from the court a
decision upon this newly-vexed question.
But, if any additional authority were needed
to sustain my position as to the constitution-
ality of this law, I have only to add what is
notorious and uncontradicted, and what should
have great weight with gentlemen on the other
side, and that is, that when the act was sent
to the President for his approval his entire
Cabinet were ofthe opinion that itwas uncon-
stitutional, foremost among whom was Mr.
Stanton, who was so positive and expressed
himself so lucidly upon the subject that he was
requested by the President to write the veto.
This he declined, on the plea of physical ina-
bility, but olfered to and in fact did furnish the
principal points and authorities.
But ignoring all this, and unwilling'to have
a judicial decision upon the subject, gentlemen
are rushing on with furious haste to impeach
the President, in the hope of accomplishing his
removal for the violatioa of s, .law which the
Supreme Court must, as soon as,the case caa
be presented to them, prooouijpe, unconstitu-
tional. Nothing but the fiercest malignity
could prompt to the eommiss^o® of so gross an
act of injustice, which would be stilly more
shocking from the fact that a wrong, jvouid be
accomplished for which there. would be UO
remedy.
But, Mr. Speaker, for the sake of the Argu-
ment, let us waive the question of the consti-
tutionality of this law, and address ourselves
to the next inquiry, whether Edwin M. Stan-
ton, the Jate Secretary of War, though still
usurping the functions of the War Office, is
included in and subject to the terms and pro-
visions of the first section, which reads as fol-
lows :
"An act regulating thetenureof certain pivil offices.
" fie it enacted by the Senate and Some of Mepreseni-
atives 0/ the United titalei of America in Oonfrrew as*
Humbled. That every person holding any civil office to
which he has been appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and every person, who
shall hereafter be appointed to any such oOice, and
shall become duly qualified to act therein, is and
shall be entitled to hold such office antil a successor
shall have been in like manner appointed and duly
qualified, except as herein otherwise provided; Pro-
vided, That the Secretaries of State, of War, of the
Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmaster General,
and the Attorney General shall hold their ofiiees
respectively for and during the term of thePresident
by whom they may have been appointed, and forone
month thereafter, subject to removal by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate."
The exception here is in favor of the Presi-
dent, that he may have counselors and ad-
visers of his own choice, and not have the
Cabinet of another President thrust upon him
against his will.
They are to hold their offices respectively
during the term of the President by whom they
were appointed, and one month thereafter.
Now, by whom was Mr. Stanton appointed?
The commission, by which alone he "sticks,"
like another Tite Barnacle, to the War Depart-
ment, will speak for itself. Here is a copy
of it:
Abraham Lin'COLx, President of the United States.
To all who may see these presents, grating :
Know you, that, reposing special trasfc and confi-
dence in the patriotism, integrity, and ability of Ed-
win M. Stanton, I have named by and with theadvi.ee
and consent of the Senate and appoint him to be
Secretary of War for the United States, and do au-
thorize and empower him to executc and fulfill the
duties of that oliticc according to law, and to have and
to hold the s^id oihee, and all the powers, privileges,
and emoluments to the same of right appertaining
unto him, the said Edwin M. Stanton? andduringthe
pleasure of the President ofthe United Statesforthe
time being.
In testimony whereof I have executed these letters
to be madopatent and the seal of the United States
to be hereunto affixed. Given under iny hand, at
tho city of Washington, the 15th day of January,
in the year of our Lord 38(52, and ofthe inde-
pendence of the United States of America the
eighty-sixth. AB11AHAM LINCOLN.
By the President:
Wii. ii. Seward, Secretary of State.
When he was appointed there was no law
limiting the President'spowerof removal. The
very title by which he attempts to hold his
place gives him notice that, he holds it " during
the pleasure of the President of the United
States for the time being." And here it oc-
curs to me, Mr. Speaker, that there are grave
doubts whether the tenure by which any per-
son holds an oiiice to which he had been ap-
pointed before the passage of this act could
rightfully be altered, or must not its provisions
apply to those officers appointed subsequent to
its passage. But I will not press that point.
Mr. Stanton having been appointed by Mr.
Lincoln, the question is, when did Mr. Lin-
coln's term expire? For the purposes of my
argument it matters nut whether it expired on
the 4th of March, 18155, or at his death. Mr.
Stanton's term expired either one month after
the 4th of March, 1865, or one montn after the
death .of Abraham Lincoln. Certainly, ac*
