3758
THE CONGRESSIONAL • GLOBE.
July 6,
State of Nebraska; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
charities in toe distkict.
Mr, AVASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1362) to establish a commis-
sion of charities for the District of Columbia ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the*" Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
enrolled bills and joint resolutions,
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
and joint resolutions of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 502) to incorporate the
congregation of the First Presbyterian Church
Of Washington;
An act (H. 11. No. 503) for the relief of Wil-
liam B. Todd;
Joint resolution (H, R, No. 321) in relation
totheerectionofabridgein Boston harbor; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 96) for the relief
of John Sedgwick, collector of internal reve-
nue, third district, California.
EMILY IS. BIDAVELL
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1303) granting a pension to
Emily B. Bidwell, widow of Brigadier General
Daniel D. Bidwell; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
order ok business.
The SPEAKER. The next business hi
order during the morning hour is the call of
States for resolutions, commencing with the
State of Wisconsin, where the call was arrested
at the expiration of the morning hour on last
Monday.
purchases at philadelphia navy-yard,
Mr. PAINE. On behalf of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Keli.ey,] 1 submit the
following resolution :
Revolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
directed to inquire into the regularity and legality
of the purchase of planing and riveting machines,
Cameron pumps, and tools and machinery generally,
by Theodore Zeller, engineer at the navy-yard at
Philadelphia.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the vo'te
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsidcr be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
chero-kee neutral lands in kansas.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to offer another res-
olution—a joint resolution for the protection
of settlers on the Cherokee neutral lands in
Kansas.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, having
introduced one resolution, cannot introduce
another without unanimous consent. The joint
resolution will be read for information, after
which there will be an opportunity for objec-
tion.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas in the treaty between the United States
and the Cherokee nation of Indians, made July 19,
18'c'5 proclaimed August 11,1866, there is a provision
purporting to authorize asale by theSecrctary ot the
Interior of the Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas,
but which reserves from sale lands having improve-
ments ot the value of fifty dollars, not being mineral
*and occupied by any person for agricultural pur-
poses, and which gives to occupants the right to pur-
chase one hundred and sixty acres each of said lands,
under and by virtue of which about eight hundred
families are provided for; and whereas between
August 11, 1866, and June 6, 1868, about twenty-
seven hundred additional families have settled on
said Cherokee neutral lands, each family occupying
one hundred and sixty acres, on which improvements
have been madeatan average costof aboutfivehun-
hundred and ten dollars, beside expenditures for
living of $150 for each family, said settlementand im-
provements being made without objection from any
source and on the faith that the settlers would be pro-
teetedin thoushttoaequiretitletosaidlandsasother 1
settler^on rhe public lands; and whereas on the UOth 1
day of August, 1866, a contract was made by and be- i
tween James Harlan, Secretary of the Interior, and ;
theAmeriean Emigrant Company for the sale of car- <
-tain portions of said lands, which contract has been
assigned by said company to James P. Joy, said con-
tract and assignment being on file in the Depart-
ment of the Iuteiior; and whereas a supplemental
treaty between the United States and said Cherokee
nation was made April 27,1868, ratified June 6, and
proclaimed June 10,1868, all without any knowledge
thereof by any of the persons occupying said lands,
and which ratifies said contract with theAmeriean
Emigrant Company and the assignment thereof to
said Joy with certain modifications provided in said
supplemental treaty, but which makes no provision
for the protection of the persons or families who
have settled upon and improved said lands, but pur-
ports to ratiiy a sale of said lands including the
improvements thereon: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled.
That in all eases where any person, prior to June 10,
1868, shall have settled on any tract of land of one
hundred and sixty acres or less, in the body of lands
known as the Cherokee neutral lands, and shall
have made improvements thereon of the value of
fitty dollars, and occupied such tract for agricultural
purposes, such person, his heirs or assigns, so occu^
pying any such tract of land shall, after due proof
made in such manner as may be prescribed by the
Secretaiy of the Interior, be entitled to enter and
receive a patent for the lands so occupied on paying
SI 25 an aero within one year, in such manner as the
Secretary of the Interior may prescribe. And the
money so to be paid for said lands shall be paid over
to said Cherokee Indians.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, before ob-
jecting I ask what is proposed to be done with
that resolution ?
Mr. PAINE. The State of "Wisconsin being
called, I offered that resolution at the sugges-
tion of several gentlemen.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I object to
the gentleman's offering the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution cannot be
received, objection being made, the gentleman
having already offered one resolution.
surveys of rivers and harbors.
Mr. SAWYER, at the request of Mr. Eliot,
introduced a joint resolution (H. It. No. 323)
in relation to the surveys and examinations of
rivers and harbors; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution provides that the Sec-
retaiy of War shall cause to be prepared and
submitted to Congress, in connection with the
reports of the examinations and surve}rs of
rivers and harbors hereafter made by order of
Congress, full statements of the existing facts
tending to show to what extent the general
commerce of the country will be promoted by
the several works of improvement contem-
plated by such examinations and surveys, to
the end that public moneys shall not be applied
except where such improvements shall tend to
subserve the general commercial and navigat-
ing interests of the United States.
Mr. SAWYER demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joi*t resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution* was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lock-up safety valves.
Mr. SAWYER also submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquire into the expediency of repealing
the provisions of law requiring the use of lock-up
safety valves in vessels propel led by steam; and they
are authorized to report by bill or joint resolution at
any time.
west wisconsin railroad.
Mr. HOPKINS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 324) to extend the time for the '
completion of the West Wisconsin railroad ; 1
which was read a first and second time. !
The joint resolution provides that the time
fixed and limited by an act entitled "An act
granting lands to aid in the construction of
certain railroads in (he State of Wisconsin,"
approved May 5, 1864, for t.he completion of
the railroad from Tomah, in the county of
Monroe, to Saint Croix river or lake, between
townships twenty-fiveandthirt.y-one, be further
extended for a period of three years to the
West Wisconsin Railroad Company, a corpo-
ration established by the laws of Wisconsin,
and which, by the laws of that State, is entitled
to the land grant made in the second section
of that act; provided that if said railway com-
pany shall not have completed said railroad
from Tomah to Black River Falls on or before
the expiration of one year from the passage of
this resolution this act shall be null and void.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is it pro-
posed to put this resolution upon its passage,
or is it for reference ?
The SPEAKER. It is proposed to put it
on its passage.
Mr. HOPKINS. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resojution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
anthracite coal tor tiie navy.
Mr. HOPKINS, at the request of Mr. Price,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Secretary of the Navy he, and
is hereby, instructed to inform this House of the
price paid and to be paid under contracts recently
made by the Government for anthracite coal for the
use of the Navy at New York and at Philadelphia, and
whether anthracite coal has been furnished or is to
be furnished to the ports of Norfolk, Washington,
or other southern ports from New York, and if so,
why.
equalization of t1xks, etc.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1368) to equalize the taxes and reduce the
interest on the public debt; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill provides that upon all gains, profits,
and incomes arising from the bonds and other
interest-bearing securities of the United States,
payable to any person, State, municipality,
body politic or corporate, company or society,
whether corporate or not corporate, out of the
Treasury of the United States, there shall be
charged yearly as a tax for every $100 thereof
ten dollars, and for a lesser sum in the same
proportion. Said tax shall be assessed and
collected by the Treasurer or other disbursing
officers of the United States charged with pay-
ing any of the interest upon the debt of the
United States, in the same currency in which
said interest is paid ; and said tax shall be
instead of all other taxes assessed or levied as
taxes upon income from any of the interest-
bearing securities of the United States.
Mr. DONNELLY. I demand the previous
question.
^ Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask the gentleman to
yield for an amendment.
Mr. * DONNELLY. I will allow it to be
read for information.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to strike out
all after the enacting clause and insert what I
send to the Chair.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
The question being put on seconding the
previous question on the engrossment of the
bill there were—ayes twenty-one.
Mr. DONNELLY. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair appointed
Messrs. Donnelly and Garfield.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-one.
Mr. DONNELLY. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to debate the bill.
The SPEAKER. Debate arising, the bill
goes over.
chief CLEKK OF SISiP.GEANT-AT-ARMS.
Mr. WINDOM offered a joint resolution (II.
R. No. 325) relative to the pay of the chief
