326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
son of his own in aid of the rebel service, I
cannot for my life persuade myself that I have
the right to vote for the exclusion of this gen-
tleman from a seat on this floor. I would not
so early in the debate announce this position
it it were one recently formed ; but thote who
have been in the Senate with me since 1861
know that it is an opinion which I have enter-
tained throughout the whole time, and not-
withstanding all the debates we have heard
upon the subject I have not been able to dis-
card that opinion, and I do not think that
opinion is likely to be changed in the course
of any debate that may take place on the pend-
ing resolution. But 1 do not know that it may
not be changed. The difficulties with which I
have to contend I wish to state now, that my
friends who may participate in the debate here-
after may have the opportunity of removing
them if they ought to be removed.
Mr. President, Maryland is a State of the
Union in every respect, in every sense in which
New York or Massachusetts or the State which
I have the honor to represent in partis a State
of the Union. Being that, if she has any right
in the world under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, one of her rights is to be represented
upon this floor by two Senators. If she has
not that right she has none, and there is no
right belonging to a State under the Constitu-
tion. But that is not a right unconditionally
given to her by the Constitution. Certain con
ditions are attached to it. What are they? As
I read them they are these and none others:
that—
"No person shall be a Senator who shall not have
attained to the age of thirty years and been nine
years a citizen of the United States, and who shall
not. when elected, be an inhabitant of that-State for
which be shall be chosen."
This right, then, conceded to Maryland and
to every other State to be represented on this
floor by two Senators, as I conceive, is subject
to the condition that she shall not elect a Sen-
ator who has not these qualifications ; but I do
think, Mr. President, the State of Maryland
and each of the other States can send any per-
son here she pleases if he has these qualifica-
tions.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sena-
tor allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose the State of Ken-
tucky or any other State should by its Legis-
latnre elect Jefferson Davis a Senator of the
United States from that State, would the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin admit him to take his seat
without objection? That is a thing which may
possibly transpire; we do not know what is
reserved for us in the future.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, if the State of
Kentucky were to send Mr. Davis here, I
should not agree to his taking his seat without
an objection. I should want to know whether
he were a resident of the State of Kentucky, to
begin with.
Mr. HOWARD. Take it for granted that
he was formerly a citizen and resident of Ken-
tucky and possessed the constitutional qualifi-
cations which the Senator has read.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, if the Stateof
Kentucky were to fend Mr. Davis here, and he
were a resident of that State, or if she were to
send John V. Breckinridge here, who is a
resident of that State, I should not object to
either of these men taking his sea here because
of the treason in which they have been engaged
for the last six years. That position is under-
stood—not that I question the fact of their
treason, but !• question your right here to try
and determine that question utiless you do it
upon a motion to expel a member and determine
it men by two thirds of the votes of the Senate.
Mr. President, if you have that right, where
do you get it? If you have that right it is
given to you. If it is given, show me the
grant. \\ here is it? 1 know it is said that
''each House shall be the judge of the elec-
tions, returns, and qualifications of its own
members." That is the only grant of author-
ity I know of or have ever heard of by virtue
of which you can claim the right to try a man
for his conduct three, four, or six years ago.
Each House shall be the judge of the qualifica-
tions of its own members. That means one of
two things; there is but one of two construc-
tions possible to place upon it. It means that
this House shall -be the judge of what candi-
dates for admission have the qualifications
which the Constitution says they must have;
or it means that this House shall be the judge
of the qualifications the applicant ought to
have. If it means the latter, the right to select
the men is here and not in the States. If it
means the former, this question of loyalty or
this question of good conduct, this question of
guilt or innocence, does not belong to the Sen-
ate to try. You have no more right upon the
question ef the admission of a man to try him
upon a charge of treason than you have to try
him upon a charge of burglary or upon a
charge of murder; and if you have a right to
try him upon a charge of burglary or of mur-
der you have for any other misconduct, cer-
tainly for any other crime. There must be a
line somewhere. . If you can exclude a man
from a seat here regularly sent you by a State
authorized to send a man—if you can exclude
him, I say, for one kind of misconduct, you
can for another. If you can exclude him for
one offense you can for another. If you can
because of the commission of one crime, you
can because of the commission of any crime.
I cannot for my life see where you draw the
distinction.
But it may be said that the statute has agreed
to exclude men who have given aid and com-
fort to these enemies of ours. Mr. President,
the statute has done no such thing, and I
think, as I have already said, that the statute
could do no'such thing. You have not de-
clared that a man shall be disqualified from a
seat in either House because he has given aid
or comfort to the enemy. You have not de-
clared that that is a disqualification. The rea-
son why it was not so declared in the law, I
think, is because you thought you had no power
to prescribe a new qualification. I have not
the cases before me ; I did not expect to par-
ticipate in this debate this afternoon; but I do
recollect, and I presume the recollection of all
Senators about me is quite as distinct as my
own, that this House and the other have held
constantly from their first organization that to
the qualifications mentioned in the Constitu-
tion no new one of any kind could be added
either by the Congress of the United States or
by any State.
Mr. SUMNER. Not even loyalty?
Mr. HOWE. No qualification; for if you
can add one you can add what you please. It
is idle to say that you may impose one new
qualification and must stop there. Either you
can enlarge and extend these qualifications or
you cannot. If you can extend them, how
far? tell me; where is the limit?
Why, Mr. President, it is known to all on
this floor, I presume, that States have at
times undertaken to add to the qualifications,
or rather to disqualify certain of their citizens
for representatives in the Senate or in the
House, who, by the terms of the Constitution
of the United States, would be qualified for
representatives; and both the Houses of Con-
gress, I think, have uniformly held that all
such constitutional provisions of the States
were nugatory and were void. But, whether
or not you can by statute add to the qualifi-
cations, it is very certain to my mind that you
have not done it, for, as I said, this statute
does not provide that a man shall be disquali-
fied from holding a seat here who has given
aid and comfort to the enemy, but it simply
declares—
"That hereafter every person elected or appointed
to any office of honor or profit under the Govern-
ment of the United States, either in the civil, mili-
tary, or naval departments of the public service,
excepting the President of the United States, shall,
before entering upon the duties of such office, and
beiore being entitled to any of the salary or other
emoluments thereof, take and subscribe thefollowing
oath or affirmation.'
llect whom you please, but before the per-
son who is elected shall enter upon the duties
of his office he shall take an oath.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. If he cannot take it is
he not disqualified?
Mr. HOWE. Then the question before us
is whether this man can take the oath or not.
Mr. CONKLING. Precisely.
Mr. HOWE. I mnst submit, with all the
deference in the world, that if we are compe-
tent to try that question at all we are not so
competent to try it as the Presiding Officer of
the Senate is. The Presiding Officer of the Sen-
ate can determine in a very short time, and con-
clusively, whether he can take it or not—offer
it to him.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion. Suppose that at the time John C. Breck-
inridge was Secretary of War of the confeder-
acy Kentucky had elected hitn to the Senate
and he had come here and presented his cre-
dentials, was he then a citizen of the United
States within the meaning of the constitutional
provision which requires a Senator to have been
a citizen for a certain time?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir ; he was a citizen of
the United States. But if he had come here
for the purpose of taking his seat and had not
been helped out by a pardon I should have
hoped that he would have been hung as a citi-
zen of the United States before he got into these
Chambers; and that would have been your
remedy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There does not seem to
be much prospect of that.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; there does not seem
to be much prospect of anybody's being hung ;
but I do not think we had better attempt to
! hang them because those whose duty it is do
| not see fit to discharge it. Because men are
1 not to receive the penalties which the law
j denounces against treason I do not think it
becomes the Senate of the United States to sit
here and make facesat them. That is not pro-
tection to the Government, and that is not
necessarily punishment to the individual.
Mr. President, when interrupted by the Sen-
ator from Nevada I was trying to reply to my
friend from New York; I was trying to con-
vince him that the question whether this man
can or cannot take the oath is not a question
that the Senate is competent to try and deter-
mine. Whether he can or cannot take it you
can only know when he comes to that desk and it
is tendered to him. But you say you have had
an investigation to determine whether the oath
will be uttered or false when he has taken it,
and you come to the conclusion that if he does
take it he will perjure himself, and therefore
you will not permit him to take it. Sir, did
you ever hear of a judge on the trial of a case
having a certain state of facts very clearly to
his own satisfaction established before him and
having a witness presented on the stand to
testify, not in corroboration of but against the
state of facts so established, did you ever hear
of a judge who, under these circumstances,
■would say " I will not allow that witness so to
swear, for if he does he will perjure himself:
therefore exclude his testimony?"
Mr. President, I repeat again, this man knows
better than all the men in the world, better
than the Senate of the United States, whether
he can take the oath or not. Whether it will
be true or not when he has taken it is a ques-
tion he may not know any better than we, and
neither of us know so well as a petit jury in the
District of Columbia can be made to know it.
Suppose it is false, what is the penalty for per-
jury? Exclusion from the Senate of the United
States? I do not so read the statutes. That is
no more the penalty for perjury than is exclu-
sion from the Senate of the United States the
penalty denounced by law for treason. Other
penalties are prescribed for each of these
offenses: and why notimpose the penalties which
the law does prescribe rather than seek out
new inventions for the punishment of offenses?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator allow me
to call his attention to the reconstruction acts,
which provided that a person in order to be
registered or to vote should tfcke a certain oath,
