2734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
project I had prepared was printed, and a copy ill the
hands of each member of the Cabinet and the Pres-
ident. It was somewhat altered in some particulars,
and came under discussion in the Cabinet, the prin-
cipal point of discussion being as to who should
exercise the elective franchise. X think there was a
difference of opinionln the Cabinet upon that sub-
ject. The President expressed his views very clearly
and distinctly. I expressed my views, and other
members of the Cabinet expressed their views. Tho
objections of the President to throwing the franchise
open to the colored people appeared to be fixed."
Of course, if his opinions on that subject
were absolutely fixed, as Mr. Stanton swears
they were, then it was impossible to expect
that he would issue any proclamation which
would allow colored suffrage at all. lie blocked
the progress which Mr. Stanton had begun to
make toward effecting colored suffrage. Mr.
StSnton adds:
"And I think every member of tho Cabinet as-
sented to the arrangement, as it was specified in tho
proclamation relative to North Carolina."
That is to say, they assented to it as a mat-
tor of mere form. It was dictated by Mr.
Johnson in substance, and drawn up by some
one in the office of the Secretary of State, and
Mr. Stanton, like the other members of the
Cabinet, did not see fit to throw up his com-
mission and resign his place simply because
colored suffrage was not embraced in the
North Carolina proclamation; that is the simple
explanation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does not Mr. Stanton
twice or thrice in his testimony expressly say
that when issued he agreed to and approved
the North Carolina proclamation ?
Mr. HOWARD. 1 think he does not, Mr.
President. I think all he says is expressed in
the passage which I have just read in which
he says, "and I think every member of the
Cabinet assented to the arrangement as it was
specified in the proclamation relative to North
Carolina." It was a matter of mere form, as
I have remarked. But let me go on ; he adds
again:
"After that T do not remember that thcsubject was
ever again discussed in tho Cabinet."
"Question. Bo tho committee understand that in
your project you providedthatall loyal maleeitizeus
twenty-one years of age should vote, and all disloyal
persons should be excluded, or how otherwise?"
The Senator did not read this part of the
testimony. Mr. Stanton answers :
"Answer. My own position was in favor of that;
the plan 1 proposed left it in the alternative. 1
stated it both ways, considering it a question on
which there would be dillcrenco of opinion. How it
was printed 1 do not now lemembcr."
That, sir, is substantially all I have to say
in reply to what has been said by the honor-
able Senator from Indiana. It shows that at
that early day, at the earliest possible moment,
Mr. Stanton was the friend of colored suffrage
in the rebel States, looking upon that measure
as one of tho greatest security, and promising
the best results in reference to the peace and
tranquillity of the rebel States, and the final
establishment of loyal governments in them.
Mr. HENDERSON. In reference to a re-
mark made by the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmukds] a few moments ago, I wish to say
simply one word. He is not the only Senator
who has taken occasion to allude to my refer-
ence to impeachment upon this floor, and to
insinuate that I was too prompt to excuse
myself. I did not reply to tho honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts when he made that
very unjust and ungenerous and unkind and
unsenatorial insinuation. But I desire now,
once for all, Mr. President, to state to those
two Senators, and to any others, that I have
no excuse to make for my action in that regard,
none whatever. I supposed that I acted from
proper motives. I tried to do it, and I attrib-
ute proper motives to everybody else.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I said Ithoughtyou did.
Mr. HENDERSON. I care not for my vote
upon that subject, and I have never attempted
to excuse it upon this floor, and I never sup-
posed I should refer to itagainnnt.il this morn-
ing, when this resolution was brought up. I
simply gave my reasons why I did not wish to
be tortured on the subject any further.
The Senator from Vermont does not bring
any accusation against the vote, but he con-
tinues to put before the Senate propositions
which I would gladly vote for in some form,
but for which I cannot vote in the shape in
which they are presented. It is not, then,
because lam a heretic that I am to be tortured.
Pirst the thumb-screw is to be applied, and if
I complain I am to be further tortured, not for
heresy, but for the complaint.
Mr. President, I simply rose to protest against
this course of proceeding, and not to say any-
thing on the subject of impeachment, and I
now promise Senators that if it is in my power
I never will allude to the subject of impeach-
ment here again. I do not wish to refer to it,
for I have no excuse to make in regard to it.
I am able to defend myself if attacked. I never
expect to undertake to volunteer to defend
myself in that matter, bccause my action needs
no defense. I did what I thought was right,
and I intend to stand by it. I shall defend it
whenever it is attacked, and only then, and I
shall not ask others to help me defend it.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, it is more
than one hour since a motion was made to lay
aside informally the bill which was the regu-
lar order of the day, and continue this subject,
with the statement that about ten minutes
would suffice to get through with it. Now, 1
wish to give notice that if this debate is to con-
tinue I shall probably be able to speak two
hours and a half on tho subject of this resolu-
tion, and I think that the Senate had better,
in order to escape that infliction, take a vote
upon it now, if it is possible, or pass it by until
to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Wc shall get a vote
presently.
Mr. DRAKE. If further debate is to be had
upon it, I move that it be postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We shall finish it pres-
ently.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator_ from Mis-
souri can call up the special order if be wants
to go on.
Mr. DRAKE. I desire that the order of the
day may be taken up, because I do not wish
to be obliged to address the Senate upon that
order when it is impatient.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us try this a little
longer.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well, I yield to the
wishes of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I felt like
asking the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Hen-
derson,] with the utmost kindness and respect,
after hearing the remarks which fell from his
lips, why it was that ho referred to the thirty-
five Senators who voted for conviction, in the
manner in which he did refer to them. He
intimates that we want to whistle going through
a graveyard. I have not felt at all as if we
were approaching a graveyard. He says we
introduce measures here lor the purpose of
vindicating- our votes on impeachment. It
seems to me that is rather an unkind intima-
tion from the Senator from Missouri, who has
introduced the subject of impeachment so often.
I have no desire to do anything here to vindi-
cate my vote, and I have heard no expression
from any Senator who voted for conviction on
that occasion showing that he desires any
vindication of his vote. I am ready to leave
it to time and to posterity, conscious that I
never performed an act more justly than the
one I did on that occasion.
In voting for the preamble to the resolution
in reference to the confirmation of General
Schofield we voted simply in accordance with
the resolution of this Senate passed on the 21st
of February last, wherein the Senate, three to
one, declared that under the Constitution and the
laws Andrew Johnson had no right to remove
Mr. Stanton. Do we need any vindication
when we are simply pursuing one straightfor-
ward and consistent course? When that reso-
lution was before the Senate the bdnOrable
Senator from Missouri did not raise liis voiee
against it, and he did not vote against it when,
according to his view and his construction, the
Senate was perpetrating a great wrong. Where
was he at that time that his voiee was silent
and his hand not uplifted when that resolution
was passed.
Again, he says that three years have elapsed
since the close of the war and this resolution
of thanks to Mr. Stanton comes too late. Mr.
Stanton has just retired from the War Depart-
ment. When is there a time so fitting as that
to give expression of our appreciation of his
great public services ?
Mr. President, it is not alone the soldier in
the field or the officer who leads him who
merits recognition of great public services.
Others were needed in different departments
of life. It was as necessary to have men at
home to furnish the means and to send for-
ward troops and to organize them as it was to
have armies in the field ; and who performed
that service in a manner equal to the late Sec-
retary of War? Why, sir, he was the main
man in the Government. So I have heard
from those who had the means of knowing.
It was his dauntless resolution, his unfaltering
courage amid gloom and darkness and doubt,
when those around him were despondent, which
cheered Mr. Lincoln and others to carry for-
ward and to continue in carrying forward the
operations of the war. Hence it is that this
public recognition of his services is due to
hi ni.
I will not dwell longer on that point, but I
desire to refer to the argument of the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] in regard to
the indorsement of the policy of Andrew John-
son by Mr. Stanton. It is a matter entirely
immaterial whether he indorsed him or not in
] 805, for the fact stands out beyond contradic-
tion that that was simply a provisional policy,
as General Grant testified. If his testimony
is good on the one point it is good on the other,
and it was brought out by the call of my friend
from New York. General Grant testified that
he regarded it only as temporary.
There are two dispatches of Mr. Seward
which add confirmatory and complete proof on
this point. One is to Governor Sharkey:
" Your telegram of the 21st instant has been re-
ceived. The President sees no reason to interfere
with General Slocum's proceedings. The govern-
ment ol the State will be provisional only until tho
civil authorities shall be restored with the appioval
of Congress."
The other dispatch contains this sentence to
Governor Marvin, of Florida :
" It must, however, be distinctly understood that
the restoration to which your proclamation refers
will be subject to the decision of Congress."
It is incontestible that Mr. Johnson and his
advisers at that time and for some months
afterward only regarded his policy in the South
as temporary and subject entirely to the revis-
ion ana control of Congress.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Mr. President, I regret
that any resolution should have been introduced
to provoke a discussion of this kind. I believe
that the history of the country does not show
any precedent for it. No Congress has ever
been called upon to pass a resolution or vote
of thanks to any civil officer for the perform-
ance of his civil duties, however ably they have
been performed, from the time of Washington
down to the present moment. It is conceded,
sir, that it is without precedent. It is a novel
thing in the history of the Government. As a
matter of course, it introduces subjects of dis-
eussion necessarily political in their character,
and which, if entered upon, can have no end.
At this period of the session, when there is so
much public business upon our hands, it seems
to me unwise that any such resolution should
have been introduced.
I know, Mr. President, that to Mr. Varsder-
bilt, of New York, Congress passed a vote of
thanks; for he had presented to the Govern-
ment of the United States a ship of great value,
one of the most muni fie ant donations that a pri-
vate individual ever gave to hisGovernment, and
