1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBB.
327
and to call his attention to the fact that it ww
held at the Attorney General's office that the
taking of that oath was the exclusive evidence,
just as ray l'riend seems to think, as to the right
to demand registry ; and did we not all hold on
this side of the Chamber with one voice in
wrath and indignation, proper wrath and indig-
nation, that that was an absurd and unjust con-
clusion to draw from that law, and that the tak-
ing of that oath implied that the person described
in the oath was to be ascertained, but that that
was merely one method of ascertaining the class
of persons who should come in, one species of
evidence, and that the boards of registration
had a jnst right to make any other or further
investigations they saw fit?
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have no.
doubt if we felt any wrath or indignation at all,
it was righteous; it always is. [Laughter.]
Bat I want to say to my friend that there is no
sort of analogy between the questions pre-
sented in that case and the question which I
am arguing here: and my friend misunder-
stands me entirely if he understands me as
saying that the oath of this party that he has
not given aid or comfort will be conclusive.
It will not be conclusive at all. It will not be
conclusive on the Senate upon a motion to
expel him. If he does perjure himself that
perjury is the best of all grounds for expelling
him from the Senate. But that is not all.
There is another tribunal, as I said, which
can try the very question.
Mr. CONRLING. Can we expel him for
past treason ? t
Mr. HOWE. We can expel him for his
present peijury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not prescribed
in the Constitution as one of the reasons which
would disqualify a man.
Mr. HOWE. The reasons for which aman
may be expelled from the Senate are not pre-
scribed in the Constitution—not one of them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Just as much as the
others.
Mr. HOWE. On the contrary, the qualifi-
cations upon which a man may be admitted to
the Senate are prescribed by the Constitution,
and every one of them; and that is the dif-
fcrcncd.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then will my friend allow
me to ask him what this clause in the Consti-
tution means:
" The Senators and Representatives before men-
tioned. and the members of the several State Legis-
latures. and all executive and judicial officers, both of
the United States and of the several States, shall be
bound by oath or affirmation to support this Consti-
tution ; bat no religions test shall ever be required
as a qualification to any office of public trust under
the United States."
Does not that fairly and clearly imply to the
mind of my friend an authority vested in the
proper tribunal, and that in this case most neces-
sarily be the Senate, if it is any, to impose any
other qualification that their wisdom may see
fit except a religious test? If it does not
mean that what does that provision as to the
oath mean?
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I was in hopes
to get through with this argument without con-
struing every clause of the Constitution; but
then I do not know but that I am under exam-
ination for admission mysetf, and I must make
answer as well as I can. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. If yon do not feel ready
to answer postpone it.
Mr. HOWE. I may hare time for exam-
ination ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. That is kind; but off-hand I
will give my friend the best idea I have; and
that is, that I suppose there is a power lurking
around here somewhere, and I have no doubt
ft is in these very halls, which can impose
new qualifications in regard to some officers
serving in some departments of the public ser-
vice ; and I suppose that that clause was thrust
in there to prevent this power, wherevef it is,
and I suppose it to be the legislative body,
from introducing a religious qualification, know-
ing how difficult it would be to secure any
religions qualification in the public service.
That is my present understanding of it; but
if my friend from Vermont understands it, on
the other hand, as implying authority in t,hese
Houses to impose new qualifications upon can-
didates for admission here he willf when he
gets the floor again, take upon himself the
labor of showing how many new qualifications,
or what new qualifications, may be imposed.
_ Mr. President, if I have made myself intelli-
gible upon the question of authority, I have a
suggestion or two to make upon the question
of expediency. What possible good do you
expect to secure by enforcing such a test, such
a rule as is proposed now and here ? What
possible good would be subserved? I have
said that the clause of the Constitution which
constitutes each House the judge of the qual-
ifications of its own members, if it does not
mean what I say it does, that they judge «f
what men have the qualifications which the
Constitution says they must have, means that
we shall judge of what qualifications they ought
to have, and if we are judges of what qualifi-
cations they ought to have, I am inclined to
think there are quite a number of men on the
floor, or have been since I have been here—I
do not mean to say there are any left—who I
should think were very far from being entitled
to seats. I have no doubt that there are a
large number upon the floor at the present
time that our friends on the opposite side of
the Chamber would think not entitled to seats.
There are certainly some here that I should
not vote to send here, and I have no doubt
there are some here who would not vote to
send me here. But, sir, I ask the Senate, I
ask my friends, and my enemies if I have any,
what possible protection we can secure to the
country by enforcing such a line of distinction
as is proposed here? We have no right to
impose any new qualification but for the pur-
Sose of protecting the public service, I take it.
toes any man believe that this Senator who
is sent here from Maryland would be more
dangerous to the national authority than any
man of that party who could come here from
the State of Maryland? For myself I do not
believe he would be any more dangerous.
There are two parties in the State of Mary-
land; there are two in the State of Indiana,
to-day; there were three during the war, but
I understand there are but two to-day. One
party is the Republican party and the other is
the Democratic. I want Republican repre-
QPnfotivPQ nofp
Mr. MORTON. Who are the third party ?
Mr. HOWE. A class of Democrats who. in
spite of their old allegiance to the party, did
hold their allegiance to their country to be
paramount, and would fight the battles of the
nation, notwithstanding their party bade them
not to do so. I have lost sight of that party
since the war closed ; and now between Dem-
ocrats I have no choice. I do not believe any
of them are safe to trust the welfare of the
country to ; and if I can have my way the wel-
fare of the country will not be trusted to them ;
but I do not expect to be especially consulted
upon that point. If we must havp them, I
want the best-looking ones, and that is about
all the choice I have in the matter. [Laughter. ]
Oue other consideration I wish to throw out.
The only value that can possibly be assigned
to this right of representation is that it secures
to the people of the locality the right to send
here the men, not that we want, but the men
that they want—the individuals who best an-
swer their purpose.
Now, suppose Kentucky, which perhaps
never has forfeited her right to send- repre-
sentatives here—and I think she never has—
should be of the opinion to-day (and I do not
know but that is her opinion) that Mr. Breck-
inridge is the best man Bhehasgot to represent
her here, do you not take the whole value of
this right of representation from Kentucky if
you say to her that she shall not send Mr. Breck-
inridge ; that she may send a Senator, but that
she must send some man whose name is not
Breckinridge; that she (hall not send the/nan
of her choice? If Mr. Breckinridge has re-
ceived a pardon, what possible injury could he
do the nation if he were to take a seat upon
the floor to-morrow that would not be done by
any representative sent up here by the party
which wants to send Breckinridge, if there is
such a party ? Let it be understood, and I
want it understood, that the man who comes
here comes for the purpose of representing
his State, the opinion of hiB State; and you
will find that whoever does come will be very
likely to represent the opinion of his State,
and if Kentucky wants to be represented by a
traitor it is because the constituent body of
Kentucky is traitorous; and your remedy, there-
fore, is not to say that Kentucky may be rep-
resented if she will send a loyal man. It is no
worse in Mr. Breckinridge to be disloyal, if he
be disloyal to-day, as I fear he is, than it is in
the people of Ken tucky to want to be repre-
sented by a disloyal man ; and if you will dis-
qualify him from holding his seat here because
lie is disloyal, why should you not disqualify
Kentucky from being represented because she
is so false and so hostile to the national author-
ity that she will not consent to be represented
by any jone who is not a traitor?
Over and over again, Mr. President, I have
argued to the Senate and to the country that
the authority is given to the national legis-
lature to disfranchise a State. It is not given
to the Senate ; it is not given to the House;
it is given.to the legislature, plainly given,
and if it ought to be exercised in any case,
if it is authorized to be enforced in any case/
it is whenever you are convinced that the com-
munity is disloyal and traitorous. When you
are convinced of that your disabilities and
restrictions should fall upon the constituency,
and should fall there by the voice of the legis-
lature itself, and should not fall upon the
individual sent here, and that only by the voice
of the particular body, to which t&e individual
is sent.
Mr. STEWART. Before the Senator takes
his seat I should like to ask him if he has
examined -the bearing of our new constitu-
tional amendment on a case like this?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir.
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator regard
that amendment as having been adopted by the
requisite constitutional majority ? Is the rati-
fication of three fourths of the States repre-
sented in Congress-sufficient?
Mr. HOWE. Which constitutional amend-
ment does the Senator refer to ?
Mr. STEWART. The fourteenth article.
Mr. HOWE. My fi'iend before me [Mr.
Edmukds] suggests that I may take time to
consider of that, and I shall avail myself of
the privilege.
Mr. STEWART. I merely threw out the
suggestion for the purpose of having the Sen-
ator's view about it.
Mr. HOWE. I think I will take three days'
grace. It is so long since I have seen the
fourteenth article or heard of it that I have
really forgotten what it is, and I do not just
now comprehend the point to which the Sen-
ator calb my attention.
Mr. President, I have early in this debate
taken occasion to remind the Senate not of
any new opinions of mine, because ihey know
I have entertained these opinions a great while.
It is with extreme reluctance that I stand up
here to repeat opinions that I know are not
acceptable to, perhaps, the large body of my
friends on this floor. That is always disagree-
able; but then I entertain these convictions
and I cannot throw them off at will, and hav-
ing them I must act upon them unlesg some
one else can remove them from me, and I
cannot hope to have that done unless I state
them.
Besides, Mr. President, I have a firm con-
viction that the best service we can render the
country is to stand by the rights which are une-
quivocally given to the State, stand by them and
defend them, and I am really afraid of the pre-
cedent you may establish if you determine the
right of a majority of the Senate to exclude a
