1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27m
for that reason the vote of thanks was passed.
Mr. Peabody made a present of $1,000,000 for
education, and a vote of thanks to him was
passed. For some great gift, for some mag-
nificent donation having no reference to par-
ties or to political affairs, Congress could vote
thanks without entering upon any discussion
of the distracting questions which necessarily
arise between parties. If a resolution be in-
troduced to thank the Secretary of State, the
Secretary of War, the Secretary of the Navy,
or any other high officers in the Government,
political discussion must always arise. I do
not propose to enter into a discussion of this
question upon the merits at all at this time.
1 do not desire to take the time of the Serfate
for that purpose; but, sir, I do appeal to tlie
Senate not to enter upon this dangerous pre-
cedent of interminable political debate, debate
which effects no good purpose, which is against
all precedent, and which certainly interrupts
the public business. If we are to pass reso-
lutions of thanks to the Secretary of War for
the great services which he performed during
the rebellion, what reason can be given why
wo should not pass a vote of thanks to the
Secretary of State, who performed as great
labor as the Secretary of War, and who, in the
performance of that labor and in the negotia-
tions carried on between this country and for-
eign Powers by which he prevented their recog-
nition of the southern confederacy while the
war was going on, rendered perhaps as import-
ant service to the country as can well be con-
ceived ? And why not pass a vote of thanks to
the Secretary of the Navy also? For whatever
men may say about the administration of any
Department of this Government, no Depart-
ment of it has been administered with more
vigor, with more efficiency, with more economy,
or has rendered greater service to the Govern-
ment than the Navy Department; and, ay,
sir, if you are to go into the facts compared
with its administration, the War Department.,
so far as economy is concerned, will sink into
insignificance. Nor has it been conducted with
any greater efficiency in the organization or
movement of its forces than the Navy Depart-
ment. In no respect whatever has the Depart-
ment of War been more efficient than the De-
partment of the Navy. But, as I have said, I
do not wish to go into the discussion of these
matters. Of necessity the introduction of
resolutions of this kind will involve debate.
If this resolution is to be pressed, it will prob-
ably be followed by other resolutions of a simi-
lar character.
Mr. President, there is another reason why
I do not propose to go into the merits. Some
gentlemen speak of this as a kind of funeral,
that we are passing through graveyards. As it
is never in good taste on funeral occasions to
criticise the departed ones, I shall not enter
upon any criticism of the late Secretary of War
on this occasion. It is always left to friends to
speak as highly as they please in their eulogies
of the deceased. I shall reserve for some other
proper time my criticisms upon the course of
Mr. Stanton. I rise to protest principally
against this measure because it is a bad prece-
dent. It never has been done before from the
beginning until now. We have had great men
before in the administration of our affairs equal
and more than equal to Edwin M. Stanton. If
it were wise that Congress should be passing
votes of approval upon retiring members of
the Cabinet or upon Presidents of the United
States or upon other of the high officers of
the Government, we might be occupied half
our time in the discussion of personal ques-
tions. Comparisons are always odious. They
always provoke discussion. They do little or
no good. If Mr. Stanton has earned the rep-
utation which men say he has, during his admin-
istration of the War Department in putting
down the rebellion, that reputation is estab-
lished. The vote of Congress does not estab-
lish it, nor change it. It neither makes it
better, nor makes it worse. It stands upon
the truth of history, and that history is written.
It was finished three years ago. If. however,
this resolution be intended as a political in-
dorsement of the course of Mr. Stanton during
the last twelve months, if that be its purpose,
there is so much the more force in the objec-
tion to bringing forward the resolution at all.
It is opening a political discussion upon a mere
personal question. It is only a hinderance to
the public business.
_ Mr. President, I protest against this resolu-
tion, and shall vote against it,.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely rise to see if
it is not possible that we can get a vote on this
resolution. It seems to me that the value of
it is very much impaired by the discussion that
has been gone into. I can very cheerfully vote
for everything that is in the resolution, and I
could vote for a great deal more. I can say
very many thingsin commendation of Mr. Stan-
ton, going back to an earlier day than the res-
olution does, even before the war began. He
was one of the men that saved this Govern-
ment from going into the hands of the rebels
during Buchanan's administration. There is
nothing in the resolution that I cannot most
cheerfully vote for, and I ask the Senate if we
cannot get a vote upon it ?
Mr. YAN WINKLE. I want to say but a
word or two. I approve of this resolution, and
the more so since the disclaimer of the Sen-
ator from Vermont. But I principally rose to
say that I voted in executive session the other
day, from which the injunction of secrecy has
been removed, against a portion of the resolu-
tion of the same Senator under a misappre-
hension. I thought itcontained an expression
which was in a resolution of the Senator from
Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] and to which I was
opposed. I was very unwell on that day, and
did not, perhaps, pay that attention that I
should have done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Hexdeesox. ]
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] strik-
ing out certain words.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the original resolution, on which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to offer an
amendment, to add the following:
And Congress takes this occasion to tender its
thanks to Chief Justice Chasofort.he great ability,
purity, and distinguished learning which have illus-
trated his position on the bench of the Supreme
Court.
Mr. STEWART and Mr. WILSON called
for the yeas and nays on the amendment; and
they were ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. VAN WINKLE (when his name was
called) said: I concur with the sentiment of
this amendment, but believing it entirely out
of place here I vote nay.
The call of the roll having been concluded,
the result was announced—yeas 11, nays 30;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Doolittle, Fowler. Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Johnson, McCreery, Norton, Pat-
terson of Tunnessee, Ross, and Vickers—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Caftell, Chandler, Cole,
Conklinst, Conness, Cragin. Drake, Edmunds, Fre-
linghuyscn, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Morgan, .Morrill
uf Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patter-
son of New Hampshire, Pomcroy, Ramsey, Stewart,
Sumner. Thayer, Tipton, Van Winkle, Wade, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—30.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard. Corbett,
Davis, Dixon, Ferry. Fessenden, Grimes, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull, and Willey—13.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not intend to say a
word, nor do X mean to say anything now, in
regard to the merits of this resolution ; but I
feel compelled, by the vote upon the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Missouri, to say that
a very great injustice, in my opinion, is done
to the Chief Justice in dragging him into this
controversy, because the Chief Justice retired
from office as an associate of- Mr.. Stanton in
the same Cabinet four years ago, and was then
rewarded with the highestoffiee, in my judgment,
in the gift of the people of the United States;
that is, the Chief Justiceship of the United
States. There is nothing in the history of the
recent events to connect the Chief Justice with
this matter. Therefore, while the vote was
being taken, I withheld my vote, simply because
I thought it had pertinence to the matter in
hand. I have no doubt the Senate will be
perfectly willing, on a proper occasion and at
a proper time, to speak in commendation of
the Chief Justice, and of his purity as Chief
Justice, though many might differ in regard to
his opinions on the recent trial. But it seems
to me that has no pertinence to and nothiiw'to
do with this question.
Now, in regard to Mr. Stanton, my own
opinion upon that matter is perfectly clear. I
have always been willing to say all that is said
of Mr. Stanton for his services as Secretary of
War proper. The resolution is carefully drawn,
so as not to compel us to pass at all upon the
question of whether he did right or wrong in
refusing to resign when he was requested to do
so. My own judgment is that Mr. Stanton's
character before the people of this country and
the whole world, his future reputation in all time,
would have stood higher if, after Congress con-
vened and the legislative power had been again
restored to its full exercise, Congress being in
session, he had then voluntarily retired from
office as Secretary of War and left to the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, the power to appoint a Secretary
of War. My own opinion expressed upon the
record is that the President had the power
under the tenure-of-office act to remove Mr.
Stanton at any time, and that he was not at all
to blame for exercising a power which by the
Constitution and law he possessed.
But as the resolution itself is so framed that
I am not called upon to pass any opinion oil
that question, I see no objection to passing it.
It is a proper compliment, it seems to me, to
a high officer of the Government, who, during
a period of long public service, in a time of
great difficulty and danger, faithfully discharged
and performed his duty as Secretary of War.
The precedent is not a bad one, in my judg-
ment, for the circumstances are not likely to
occur again.
I am very sorry that this debate has assumed
a political bearing, because I believe there is
nothing contained in the resolution that the
people of the country of both parties will not
fairly assent to. It is so carefully worded that
it does not necessarily involve any expression
of opinion as to the conduct of Mr. Stanton in
refusing to resign the office of Secretary of
War. It simply declares that in the discharge
of his duties as Secretary of War, both before
and since the war, he has deserved well of his
country, has shown high ability, purity, and
virtue. It seems to me we all ought to be will-
ing to vote for such a resolution as this. I
certainly shall do so.
Mr. MORTON. I desire simply to say that
the Senator from Missouri, by his amendment,
has, in my opinion, placed the Chief Justice in
a false position. The proposition in regard to
Chief Justice Chase was in no wise connected
with the resolution under consideration. They
could not be properly connected. A resolu-
tion of thanks to one distinguished man can
never with any propriety be complicated with
a resolution of thanks to another. The reso-
lution we are considering does not refer to
impeachment, does not cast any reflections
upon anybody, and the introduction of the
amendment in regard to Chief Justice Chase
was out of place, and I think has placed him
in a false position.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to subjoin simply
to what has been said by the-Senator from In-
diana, that when Chief Justice Chase retires
from the Supreme Bench, as Mr. Stanton has
retired from the Department of War, it may be
a suitable occasion then to consider a resolu-
tion of this kind; but it seems to me wholly
