1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$%59
clerk in the office of the Sergeant-at-Arras of
the House; which was read a first aud secoud
time.
The resolution directs the Clerk to pay from
the contingent fund of the House to the chief
clerk in the office of the Sergeant-at-Arms the
difference between his present pay and the
amount voted him by a resolution ot the House
passed June 25,1806, thereby fixing the salary
of the said chief clerk at $2,500 per annum.
Mr. WINDOM. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
I.BWIS P. BUCKLEY.
Mr. WINDOM. At the request of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] I offer the
following resolution:
Resolved,, That the Clerk of this House be instructed
to paylrom tlieeoutiugentiund to the widow or legal
representatives of Colonel Lewis P. Buckley, late
assistantdoorkeeper of this House, one month's extra
pay to aid in payment of expense of his funeral.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let that go
to the Committee on Accounts.
Mr. SPALDING. He died in poverty, and
this is to Bay his funeral expenses.
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. That can
be done by letting it go to the Committee on
Accounts.
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw the resolution
if the gentleman insists upon sending it to the
Committee on Accounts.
Mr. WASUBUKNE, of Illinois. Let it be
passed, then.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Blaine.
JOSEPH POWELL.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution for reference to
the Committee of Elections :
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent
fund of the House to Joseph Powell, contesting the
seat of Hon. 11.11. Butler, a Representative from the
first congressional district ot Tennessee, in full tor
expenses in taking testimony under the direction ol
the Committee of Elections, the sum of $2,000.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
of selections.
BRIDGES OVER TUB OHIO KIVBR.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask the consent of the
House to offer the following joint resolution
fur action at this time:
Joint resolution relative to bridges across the Ohio
river.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of Americain Congress assem-
bled, That from and after the passage of tb is ievolu-
tion it shall not be lawful to construct nor to com-
plete any bridge across the Ohio river without pro-
viding tor the full and free navigation of said river
by one main span across the channel of at least five
hundred ieet of clear water way between the piers.
The center of said span shall be at least fifty feet
above high-water mark at the place where said bridge
is located.
Mr. GARFIELD. I object to the intro-
duction of the resolution for action without
discussion.
Mr. I-IIGBY. I supposed that I was entitled
io introduce it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has offered
one resolution, and he cannot offer a second
except by unanimous consent. The rule is
specific that a member can offer only one res-
olution.
FAY 01' MEMBERS OF COSGIIESS.
Mr. IIU1JBAHD, of West Virginia. I offer
the following resolution, upon which I demand
the previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
be directed to report back for present action the
joint resolution fixing thecompensation of members
of Congress, referred to that committee on the 20th
of January last.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question ; and only fourteen voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, called
for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The House refused to second the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. SPALDING. We will report the reso-
lution back at any time. I did not know we
had it.
Mr. PILE. I rise to debate the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Debate arising, the reso-
lution goes over under the rules.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. Let it
go. We will have another chance next Mon-
day. Get ready.
REMOVALS AND APPOINTMENTS.
The call of the States and Territories for
resolutions having been completed, the next
business in order was the consideration ol reso-
lutions lying over under the rule, the first of
which was the following resolution, introduced
by Mr. Mullins on the 1st of June last:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, required to iurnish to this House
information as to how many removals of clerks and
other employes of said Department have been made
since the 1st day of January, 1868, and lor what cause;
also, how many persons have been appointed to office
or employed in the Treasury Dcpaitment since the
1st day of January, 180S, and by whom the removals
and appointments wore made, and the names of
those removed and those appointed or employed;
also, the reasons for the same, and by whom said
reasons have been furnished, it any.
Mr. PILE. Wehave all thatinformationnow.
I move to lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the resolu-
tien be referred to the joint select Committee
on Retrenchment.
Mr. MULLINS. I agree to that motion.
Mr. PILE. I withdraw the motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. Maynakd's motion was then agreed to.
MILITARY TRIALS, ETC.
The next business in order was the consider-
ation of the following preamble and resolution,
introduced on the 25th of May last by Mr. Sit-
grkaves :
Whereas by an act of Congress approved March 2,
1867, it was enacted "That all acts, proclamations,
and orders ot the President ot the United States, or
acts done by his authority or approval, atter the 1th
of March, A. I). 1861. and before the 1st day of July,
A. 1>. 1866, respecting martial law, military trials by
courts-martial ormilitary commissions, or the arrest,
imprisonment, and trial ot persons charged with par-
ticipation in the late rebellion against the TJnited
States, asaiders or abettors thereof, wasguiltyot any
disloyal practices m aid thereof, or of any violation
of the laws or usages of war, or of affording aid and
comfort to rebels against the authority of the United
States, and all proceedings and acts done or had by
courts-martial or military commissions, or arrest or
imprisonment made in thepremises by any person by
the authority ot the orders and proclamations ot the
President, made as aforesaid, or in aid thereof, are
hereby approved in all respects, legalized and made
valid, to the same extent and with the same efleet as
if said orders and proelamationshad been issued and
made, and said arrests, imprisonments, proceedings,
and acts had been done under the previous express
authority anddiiection ot theCongressot the United
States, and in pursuance of a law thereof previousty
enacted, and expressly authorizing and directing the
same to be done. And no civil court ot the United
States, or of any State, or of the District of Columbia,
or of any district or Territory oi the united States,
shall have or take jurisdiction ot, or in any manner
reverse any of the proceedings had or acts done as
aforesaid; nor shall any pcison be held to answer in
any of said courts for any act done or omitted to be
done in pursuance or in aid oi any oi said proclama-
tions or orders, or by authority or with the approval
of the President, within the period aforesaid, and
respecting any of the matters aforesaid; and ail pin-
cers and other personsin the service oi tlie United
States, or who acted in aid thereof, acting m the
premises, shall be held prima facie to have been
authorized by the President, and all act? and parts
ot acts heretofore passed inconsistent with ihe pro-
visions of this actarehereby repealed;" and wheicas
it is alleged that citizcns of the United States were
arrested and imprisoned between the 4th day of
March, A. I>. 3861,and the lbt day of July, A. i),1866,
under the alleged authority of theaforesaid acts and
proclamations and orders, and afterward discharged
without trial either m the civil or military courts;
and whereas it is alleged that many citizens so ar~
reetedand iinprisonedthen were,and eyerhaveoeen,
ioyal to the Constitution and the Union, and were
unjustly arrested and imprisoned, but by reason ot
said discharge without, trial and the aiorecaid recited
act they cannot establish their innocence, and their
characters are tainted with the suspicion ot tieason;
and whereas it is reasonable and juat that lor every
wrong there should be"a remedy provided by law;
Therelore,
itesolved, That the Committee oil the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency ot report-
ing a joint resolution authozizuig the appointment
ot commtssionersor courts of inquiry duly authorised
to inquire into and report, the causes ot said arrest-
and imprisonment of a citizen in every case where
such citizen shall demand such inquiry by petition,
verified by the oath or ailiruiation ot the petitioner,
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
W. D. CHIPLEY AND OTHERS.
The mext business in order was the follow-
i g preambleand resolution, introduced by Mr.
Beck oh the 1st of June, and laid over under
the rule:
Whereas it is asserted by "William D. Chipley and
others, citizens and residents ol Columbus, Georgia,
that they have been arrested and nnpiisoned without
cause by order ol General George U. Meade, com-
manding: the thiid military district, and that the
cause ot their arrest and imprisonment has been
withheld and refused, as shown by the following
Office of Blount k Chipley,
Cotton Factors, G-bocers,
and Commission Mekchants,
Columbus, Georgia, te.ay 18,1868.
Dear Sir: X may be presuming in troubling you
with tne lacts which 1 wui herein relate, and it so,
can only oiler our utter want ot representation as my
apology. And yet it may be that you wilt think that
such outrages concern every citizen ot tne country,
whether he lives North or £>outh. As long as such
acts can be committed with impunity no man Ci*n
feel sate. It will not do lor one to expect his char-
acter to protect him irorn such attacks, lor virtue is
tbelavorne target oi sucn marksmen. On the vth
day oi March ten white citizens ot this place and
three colored %vere arrested by order ot one Captain
Mills, commanding this post, ana placed in confine-
ment at the court-house, where they were detained
under guard until dusk on the evening of the 18th
ultimo. At the expiration of that time we were
released under bond, the amount and conditions ol
which arc tally stated in the printed siipa wincti 1
inclose. From these clippings you will ftnd that X
was numbered amongthe prisoners. Were JL writing-
to a stranger it might be prudent and proper to oher
some testimonial ot character ; but you have known
me from my earliest youth, and on that lact i rest
my case. My companions m this arrest, as lar as my
personal knowledge goes, are as lar abovo the subpi-
cion ol any implication in. crime as any citizen in
this or any other community. \V hat 1 want is to
arrive at the cause of my ariest. During the arrest,
nor upon our release under bond, could we obtain
any information concerning the evidence winch led
to our incarceration. It was entirely ex. parte ; and
no clew to its chaiactei or the names ol our accusers
has been given us. It you consider it proper, i
would like lor you to oiicr a resolution calling lor
the lacts in the case. '
Regretting the circumstances which force me to
trouble you in this matter, I remain, sir, yours very
truly, * CjL'j.1 * lihi X •
Hon. James Beck, Washington.
In stating that we were arrested by order of Cap-
tain MiJls, commanding post, I should have added
his statement, that he was acting under orders from
his superiors. " . 1). C.
Therefore,
llesolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, instructed to report lorthwith to the House
upon what cnarge or chaiges, and by what authority.
General George G. Meade, commander of the third
military district, embracing the {States of Georgia,
Alabama, and lUorida, arrested and imprisoned Wil-
liam H. Bedell, Christopher C. Bedeil, Jaiuvs W.
f-i i Ai A 11- — Mi .. T O.w.U W11 It i> m
(colored,) John Stephen, (colored,) and James Mc-
tTenry, (.colored,) citizens and residents of Columbus,
Georgia, on or about the 9th day of April, 1868, and
why he required said persons to execute to him the
following bond: namely:
Georgia, Muscogee County :
Know all men by these presents, that we, whose
names are hereunder signed, are h-eld and bound
unto General George G. Meade, or his successor in
office, m the penal sum ot §50,000, for the payment
ii whereof well and truly to be made to the said Gen-
ii eral Geoige G. Meade, or his successor m office, we
!j hereby bind ourselves, our heirs, executois, and ad-
:! wmistrators, firmly by these presents. ,4.1
1) W itness our hands and seals this 10th day of April,
!! * The condition of the above obligation is such that,
whereas. General George G.i Meadei has arrested and
i! confiueJ William It. Bedell. Christopher 0..Bede,
I; J.imes W. Barber, Alva C. Itoper, William L.G^h,
William D. Chipley, Robert A. Enms, Llusha, J.
