1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1711
he ever did face the bullets of the enemy, that
he ever saw the bayonets of the enemy, that
he ever even heard the cannon of the enemy
on a single battle-field.
Now, if the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] will satisfy me that what I un-
derstood him to say in lus speech was true, then
I shall vote to relieve him from disability, be-
cause I can then see the clear, explicit, well-
defined ground upon which to base my vote ;
I can then see huw I can vote for him and vote
against John Young Brown, who, in his career,
never did anything which will compare with
what was done by Mr. Butler in the rebel Legis-
lature of Tennessee. But unless there can be
shown something of that clear, tangible nature
upon which I can stand and justify my action,
I do not see how lean vote to relieve Mr. Butler
from the disabilities imposed upon him by the
laws and by the Constitution.
Now, what I ask is that the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will relieve me
from the false position in which I may have
been placed by offering my amendment. 1 de-
sire him to show to me and to this House, as I
doubt not he can, that Mr. Butler served in the
Army from September, 1863, till April, 18G4,
so that the preamble which 1 introduced by way
of amendment may be shown to bo true, and
that I may vote, as 1 earnestly desire to vote,
to relieve Mr. Butler from his disabilities.
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Harding.]
Mr. HARDING. Mr. Speaker, I am obliged
to the gentleman for his courtesy. This House
seems impatient to establish the precedent
which a vote in favor of this proposition will
put upon the records of Congress. 1 urn op-
posed to the proposition, and I shall ask the
House to do me the favor to allow me to record
my vote upon the Journal against it. I do not
wish to intrude my opinions upon other mem-
bers, who are, doubtless, abundantly able to
take care of the interests of the Union. Still,
I hope for a better result than I expect. It
seems to me that the precedent which we pro-
pose to establish hero to day is broad enough
to cover the case of every rebel that ever fought
against the Union Army. I would much prefer
to admit the bold man who took ground against
us at the head of the rebel armies, than to ad-
mit the man who voluntarily went into a rebel
Legislature and took the oath to support the
confederacy for the purpose of betraying it. I
have no respect for that kind of policy. The
character of a spy is bad enough.
But, sir, I never asked a man to go as a spy ;
nor did I ever ask any man to go to the ex-
tent of falsely pledging his soul to God that he
was a true confederate. I cannot understand
how any honorable man could do that. Sir, I
wish gentlemen much joy in the acquisition of
a Republican member of that character. We
establish the precedent in the worst kind of a
case. This pre"edent will be quoted against
us. It will be saii, "Because the claimant
was a Republican you admitted him; though, he
had foresworn himself two or three times;
though he had approved of the hanging of
Union men for bridge burning; though, after
sitting in a rebel Legislature, he swore that he
had never held an office under the confederacy."
Do gentlemen say that, after voting for the
admission of such a man, they will not vote to
admit Longstreet? I say they will admit him.
They cannot consistently reject him.
I did not vote to exclude John YoungBrown,
because I was not certain that he had ever
done any overt act against the Government,
after the issue was fairly made up between the
Government and the rebels. I know that Mr.
Lincoln and other patriotic men, when the re-
bellion first began to gather strength, took a
similar position to that of John Young Brown,
hoping that the angry waters that threatened
to engulf the Union would subside. But soon
all hope of a peaceful settlement vanished, and
war became inevitable. Then the dividing line
between loyalty and treason became clearly
defined, and no patriotic man hesitated to take
ground in favor of suppressing rebellion by
arms. I do not know where John Young
Brown placed himself when that time had ar-
rived. I have seen no evidence that ho went
with the enemy.
But, sir, I forget myself. I beg pardon of
the House for saying so much. I have been
led to make these remarks by my interest in
this question. I feel as if we were about to
cast down the bulwarks which my constituents
regard as of inestimable value for the safety of
the Republic. I hope that when we come to
the vote I shall be permitted to put my name
on the record. I have been refused that priv-
ilege once. I trust it will not be denied me
again.
impeachment of the president.
The managers appointed by the Honse in
the matter of the impeachment of the Presi-
dent of the United States, appeared at the bar
of the House, and were recognized by the
Speaker, when
Mr. BINGHAM said: I have the honor to
report, on behalf of the managers m the mat-
ter of the impeachment of Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States, that the Senate
has organized for the trial of the impeachment;
that in the name of the House of Representa-
tives and in the behalf of all the people of the
United States, the managers have demanded
of the Senate that process be issued against
Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, to answer to the articles heretofore ex-
hibited against him at the bar of the Senate ;
and that the Senate has advised us that pro-
cess will be issued against him in that behalf,
returnable on the 13th instant, at one o'clock
p. m.
tennessee election—r. r. butler.
Mr. ARNELL. In answer to the inquiry of
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Painic] I
desire to refer that gentleman to the testimony
of John K. Miller, on page 50 of the evidence:
" Question. Please state what position It. H. Butler
occupied in the Federal Army, and if he was not a
good soldier, and was honorably discharged: also, if
ho did not havo his son brought through the rebol
lines and put in the Federal Army before ho was
fifteen years of age.
*' Answer. H. It. Butler was lieutenant colonel of
thirteenth Tennessee cavalry; was a good soldier,
and was honorably discharged. He also had his son
brought through tho lines, who was not fifteen years
old, and hud him to go into thosorvico of tho United
States."
Mr. MUNGEN. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] accept this as an
amendment?
In line four of tho resolution now under considera-
tion alter the word "Tennessee," insert" J ohn Young
Brown, ofKentucky."
Mr. DAWES. I wish the gentleman would
not ask me to complicate this matter.
Mr. MUNGEN. I withdraw the request,
and move the amendment so as not to compli-
cate the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BROOMALL. Is that amendment in
order?
The SPEAKER. The question is decided
by the Digest, as follows:
"An amendment proposing to ingraft a general
provision of law upon a private bill is against order.
It is also out of order to ingraft upon a bill for the
relief of one individual a provision for tho relief of
anothei."
If it were a general bill embracing a number
of names it would be in order, but being forthe
relief of one individual it is not in order to
move an amendment for the relief of another
individual. The amendment is not in order.
Mr. DAWES. I feel, Mr. Speaker, as if the
House fully understood the merits of this ques-
tion. I wish merely to reply to the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] and I regret the
gentleman from Wisconsin should suppose 1
was trying to make the House believe this
gentleman's merits stood upon his military
record. He has as honorable a militaryrecord
as any one for the time it continued—not as
honorable as that of my friend from Wisconsin,
who will bear through the world and to his
grave a badge of honor which but few men in
the country has the privilege to carry, who, as
was once said, j*oes about the country with that
halting gate which is the only #ne honorable to
the soldier. Although this man Butler may not
occupy the position of the gentleman from Wis-
consin, still, within his sphere and within the
duties of his position as a military man, he was
just as faithful and just as true as any other
man. He had the confidence of General Burn-
side, whose statement came since the commit-
tee sat, bearing testimony to his fidelity, and
stating that he chose him to carry dispatches
to General Wilcox when Burnside was in the
critical position he occupied at Knoxville. He
selected this man Butler of all others whom he
could trust. He was fired upon and barely
escaped with his life. I do not ask that he
shall have his disabilities removed because he
has commanded armies in battle. I know that
he has performed within his sphere as honor-
able duty as any other man. But I do not put
this solely upon his military record. I want
to put it upon his record as a man anywhere.
I do not think I ought to occupy the time of
the House further. If this man's disability
cannot be removed no mail's can. I now de-
mand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. HARDING. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 23, not voting
78; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Delos It. Ashley,
Baker, Banks, Barues, Banium, Bcaman, Beatty,
Beck, Blaine, Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Broomnll, Cake,
Churchill, Cook, Dawes, Driggs, Kckley, Hggleston,
Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry,Fields, Gariield, Get/,, Golladay,
Gravely, Grover, Haight, Hawkins, llolman, Hop-
kins, Hotchkiss,Chester]).Hubbard, llulburd. Hun-
ter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Judd, Kel-
ley, Kolsey, Kerr, Kitchen, Koontz, Latiin, William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughridge, McClurg, McCor-
mick, Morgan, Morrelf, Mungen, Myers, Newcomb,
Niblaek, Nicholson, O'Neill, Paine, Pike, Plants, Po-
land, Polsley, Pomeroy, lt-aum, Robertson, Ross,
Sawyer, Scofield, Sitgreaves, Stewart, Taber, Taffe.
Taylor, Lawroncc S. Tumble, Twichell, Upson, Van
Trump, Van Wyck, Cadwalador C. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, and John T. Wilson—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Baldwin, Brom-
well.Chanlor, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Dixon, Donnelly,
Halsey, Harding, Julian, George V. Lawrence, Mal-
loi-y. Marvin, McCullough, Miller, Orth. Perham,
Price, Stone, Robert T. Van Horn, and Ward—23,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Archer,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Benjamin, Benton, Bing-
ham, Boutweli, Buekland, Burr, Butler, Cary, Reador
W. Clarke,Coburn, Cornell,Covode, Cullom, Dodge,
Ela, Kldridge, Farnsworth, Finney, Fox, Glossbren-
ner, Griswold. Higbv, Hill, Hooper, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Ketcham,
Knott, Loan, Logan, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard,
McCarthy. Merour, Moore, Moorhoad, Morrissey,
Mullins, Nunn, Peters, Phelps, Pile, Pruvn, Randall,
Robinson, Schcnck, Solyc, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens,
Thaddcus Stevens, Stokes. Thomas. John Trimble.
Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Burt Van
Horn, KM hu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, James F.Wil-
son, Stephen F. Wilson, Windoin, Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—78.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ARNELL stated that his colleagues,
Mr. Trimble and Mr. Stokes, were absent;
if present would vote '' ay."
Mr._ DONNELLY. My colleague, Mr. Wis-
dom. is detained from the House by sickness
in his family.
Mr. CHANLER. My colleague, Mr. Pruyn,
is absent. He would vote "ay."
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mi-. Forkey, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed a bill (S. No. 376)
to facilitate the settlement of paymasters' ac-
counts.
leave Off absence.
Mr. Ketcham, Mr. Halsey, and Mr. Cart,
by unanimous consent, were granted leave of
absence for one week.
