1868.-]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Lynch.
Ho. of Reps.
It will be recollccted that on a certain occa-
sion the Senate wished to interfere with Presi-
dent Lincoln's business, and many of them
desired him to remove Mr. Seward. Mr. Lin-
coln gave them to understand that he had the
power to do so, but refused to exercise it. The
very request of those Senators acknowledged
clearly and fully that Mr. Lincoln, as Presi-
dent, had the power to remove a Cabinet officer.
More than this; the reason given by Senators
was that the Secretary of State was not in
harmony with the President and the balance
of the Cabinet; and they argued that no man
ought to remain m the Cabinet who was not
agreeable to the entire body. It is for this very
reason President Johnson wishes Mr. Stanton
dismissed—because he has been a spy upon the
President, and is so utterly repugnant to trhe
members of the Cabinet that they wiil not meet
with him, and he does not go to Cabinet coun-
cil at all.
Is it remarkable that with a purer patriotism
and with intellects freer of fanaticism the
statesmen of better days actually foresaw the
very usurpation in question? Fisher Ames, in
thegreat debate of 1789 referred to, thus depicts
what is now before our eyes:
"If the Senate are to possess the power of removal
they will be enabled to hold the person in office, let
the circumstances be what they may." * * *
* "It creates a permanent connection; it will
nurse faction; it will promote intrigue to obtain pro-
tectors and to shelter tools. Sir, it is infusing poison
into the Constitution; it is an impure and unchaste
connection; there is ruin in it; it is tempting the
Senate with forbidden fruit; it ought not to bo pos-
sible for a branch of theLegislatureeventohopefor
a share of the executive power; for they may bo
tempted to increase it by a hope to share in the exer-
cise of it. People are seldom jealous of their own
power; and if the Senate become a part of the ex-
ecutive they will be very improper persons to watch
that department; so far from being champions of
liberty, they will becomc conspirators against it.
"The executive department should ever be inde-
pendent and sufficiently euergetic to defeat the at-
tempts of either branch of the Legislature to usurp its
prerogatives." * * * * "G-entleinenare
undertaking to amuse the people with a sound of lib-
erty. If their ideas should succeed a principle of
mortality will be infused into a Govern ment which the
lovers ot mankind havewished might last to the end
of the world. With a mixture of the executive and
legi.4ativepowersin one body no Govornmen tea n long
remain uricorrupt. With a corrupt Executive liberty
may long retain a trembling existence. With a cor-
rupt Legislature it is imposMble; tbe vitals of the
Constitution would be mortified and death must fol-
low on every step. A Government thusformed would
be the most formidable curse t&hat could befall the
country. Perhaps an enlightened people mighttimcly
foresee and correct the error. But if a season were
allowed lor such a compound to grow and produce
its natural fruit it would either banish liberty or the
people would be driven to exercise their inalienable
right, the right of uncivilized nature, and destroy
the monster whose voracious and capacious jaws
would crush and swallow up themselves and their
posterity."
Allison, the historian, says:
*4 It is the nature of fanaticism, whether religious
or political, to cause the most atrocious actions to
flow from the purest and most benevolent expres-
sions."
In the name of religion and guided by fanati-
cism the most horrid deeds have been com-
mitted. In the name of liberty the most de-
testable and cruel despotisms have been estab-
lished.' The great speech of Robespierre, in
1794. on the immortality of the soul and of the
existence of the Supreme Being, stands in
strange contrast with his bloody and tyran-
nical actions.
When Augustus became consul, pater San-
atus, imperator, and finally Cjesar, it was all ac-
complished in derogation of the fundamental
Iioman law. He caused the right of suffrage to be
extended first to the allies; then to all the tribes
and nations subject to Roman government.
There was no authority anywhere in the Roman
form of government for the assumption of those
titles; yet he assumed them, and the Roman peo-
ple submitted. But after that Rome soon began
to show signs of decay, and ere long was num-
bered with the nations of the past. Let us be-
ware. The American people are looking on
anxiously, fearful that this or some new step
of the party in power will plunge tlie country
into another civil war, which, if it shall com-
mence, will be far worse than the late rebellion
in its consequences, if that be possible. I will
not attempt to portray the result, but will re-
spectfully refer the most violent of the im-
peachers, if the word be parliamentary, as well
as others, to the fifteenth chapter of Allison's
History of Europe, where the horrors of Jacob-
inism and of the reign of terror are portrayed.
Allow me to say, very respectfully, that I
am exceedingly anxious to have any of my
Radical friends who may not be perfectly
familiar with the chapter to peruse it carefully.
If I were to undertake to draw parallels be-
tween the legislation of this Congress and the
proceedings of the Jacobin clubs headed by
Robespierre it might not be parliamentary.
But I hope it is not out of order for me to re-
quest my Republican friends to look for paral-
lels. Robespierre in 1794 was at the zenith of
his popularity with his faction. Has he a paral-
lel in the Radical faction ? He was called
the Great Man of the Republic—who is now
the great man of the Republicans? His virtue,
genius, and eloquence were in every mouth—
whose words are listened to, genius extolled,
and virtues dwelt upon here? Corneille repre-
sents his heroes justifying all their excesses on
the ground of State necessity—have we any
among us who justify theircourse or the course
of others on similar grounds? When the son
of the immortal BufTon was brought before the
revolutionary tribunal in France, under a
charge of being implicated in the conspiracy
among the Luxembourg prisoners, he said: '' I
was confined in the St. Lazare and could not
havcconspired in the Luxembourg." " No mat-
ter," said Fouquier Tinville "you havecon-
spired somewhere''—and he was executed.
Have we a revolutionary tribunal in our midst;
and have we a man that it is necessary, from
any cause, to say those words to : "No mat-
ter; you conspired somewhere?"
Allison was an Englishman and a monarch-
ist, and in his history of Europe has said many
bitter things against democracy and a demo-
cratic form of government which I canuot at
all indorse. He charges many of the atrocities
of the Reign of Terror to a democratic form of
government; and he called the Jacobins the
type of democracy. This was wrong, as every
fair-minded man will admit. But let the peo-
ple answer here whether we have any bodies,
political or civil, which resemble the Jacobin3.
In the declaration of the "Rights of Man" by
the Jacobins in the French Assembly they
claim "the original equality of mankind"—are
there any persons who are contending for that
here? They said that "the elective franchise
should be extended to all"—what party in this
House and the country says so now? They
said "that law is the expression of the general
will." I appeal to the speeches of honorable
gentlemen in favor of impeachment whether
they do not declare substantially the same
thing, and even go further, and'make it crimi-
nal to say anything against any law they pass.
And especially is this so in regard to recon-
struction acts and the tenure-of-office bill.
Have not my impeaching friends attempted
to a considerable extent to prevent the Supreme
Court from expressing its views 011 these acts
in the usual way ? Have they not passed a
bill through this House requiring more than
the usual majority of the supreme judicial tri-
bunal of the country for deciding the question
of the constitutionality of those reconstruction
acts? Their course indicates to my mind
their own views and fears of the correctness
and justice of those laws.
Robespierre, Danton, Marat, Couthon, and
Barr6re were loud in their vociferations of loy-
alty to republican ideas ; yet who can regard
them as republicans or as anything but the
enemies of the human race; fiends incarnate,
monsters in human form, who, in the name of
liberty, sought power at whatever cost, even of
liberty itself? They made use of the passions
of the _mob to elevate themselves first and
their friends next. Those who wish to seek a
parallel in this country are at liberty to look for
it. They will not have far to look. If they
find it we can but affirm the truth of the axiom
that history repeats itself. Ther§ are men in
this country who, to use a couplet from Mil-
ton, would be willing to say :
" Here we may reign secure, and in my choice
To reign is worth ambition, though in hell."
It would be discourteous to impugn any gen-
tleman's motives here, but one of Shakspeare's
ambitious characters is made to say:
"I would rcmovo these tedious stumbling blocks,
And smooth my way upon their headless necks."
Do the executive and judicial departments
of this Government stand as stumbling-blocks
in the .way of a party which has revelled in
plunder and wallowed in corruption and
played the tyrant for years past? It seems to
me they do. If not, why the anxiety to dis-
pose of them ?
At the beginning of the Fortieth Congress
immediate steps were taken to strip the-Execu-
tive of every possible source of power. He was
loundhandand foot—" bucked and gagged"—
the Prebident 110 longer the Government—
Congress the Government. Now he is to be
decapitated. How long will it require? It
took nearly seven years to end the trial of
Warren Hastings. It required some three weeks
to perforin a kind of semi-jm^cial murder upon
the person of Mrs. Surratt. It will, doubt-
less, take more than three weeks to strangle
the President. Where now is the fury which
used to find ventagainst Jefferson Davis? The
president of the southern confederacy running
at large—the President of the Republic, who
performed soldier's duty in the war lor the coun-
try, about to be impeached for an honest dif-
ference of opinion as to the constitutionality of
a law. Truly, republics are ungrateful.
In these days and hours of frantic party
madness, hate, and lust of power how glorious
it would be if we could look back to the happy
days of the Republic and feel that we were a
united people ! May heaven grant reason to
our people, and especially to our legislators!
Would that we could now say with Macaulay,
when speaking of the prosperous days of Rome
and the gallant Horatius :
"Then spake the bold Horatius, the captain of the
gilto.
'To every man upon this earth death eometh soon
or late;
Then how, can man dio better than facing foarful
orlds
For the ashes of his fathers and the temples of his
gods V
"Then none were for a party and all were for the
State,
The proud man helped the poor, and the poor man
loved the great;
Then honors were fair portioned and lands wero fairly
sold;
And the Romans wero liko brothers in the brave
days of old."
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN LYNCH,
of maine,
Is The House of Representatives,
February 24, 1868.
On tho resolutions reported by the Committee on
ReeenstrucHon for the impeachment of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, the question
under consideration is one of great magnitude
and importance. The power to impeach the
President, of the United States is one of the
highest prerogatives of this House. The rea-
sons for conferring this authority upon this
body lie at the foundation of our form of gov-
ernment. The fundamental principle of this
Government is, that all power is derived from
the people. "That all just governments de-
rive their authority from the consent of the
governed." Acting upon this principle in the
