1668.
THE CQNGBESSIOFAL GL01H:
aw
ago; and so imposed by an act passed over
the President's veto. If it was constitutional
then to impose such a condition, it is so now.
If it was right and expedient then, as to a
Slate where slavery had never existed, and
where there are but few negroes, it is much
more so as to a State where slavery had existed,
and where negroes form a large part of the
population.
It seems to mo nothing can be elcarcr from
the history of the past four years than the
steady and repeated assertion by Congress of
its right and power to treat the rebel States
as conquered, with no rights but such as the
nation, through its Congress, might choose to
give them. This assertion has been made
again and again, has overridden vetoes and
executive opposition in every form, has shaped
itself in all sorts of provisions and conditions,
and if its constitutionality and rightfulness
have not been established then it is hard to
oay what can be considered established by
reiterated congressional action. Upon this cor-
ner-stone, then, I build, in part, my argument,
that the rebel States were conquered territory
and conquered people, perfectly at the mercy
of the victorious nation, and without the least
right to invoke the Constitution to support
their claim to any polititical franchises or privi-
leges whatever. Deny this, and your whole
series of reconstruction acts must be swept
away. Upon no other ground can you justify
them.
In those acts you prescribed the qualifi-
cations of voters in the reconstruction of all
those States, and bestowed the elective fran-
chise upon a race always theretofore deprived
of it. By what right did you do that, if it be
true, as now contended by some here, that
after having carried reconstruction thus far on
the basis of negro suffrage, you have no right
to say that that suffrage shall not hereafter be
denied or abridged on account of race or color?
Sir, it cannot be that you could rightful ly secure
it, as you did in the past, and cannot rightfully
secure, or, at least, guard it in the future.
You must retrace all your steps on this subject
if you have not the right to take this last one.
Will it be denied that in Congress alone is
the right to admit States into the Union'? Of
course it will not. Will it be denied that Con-
gress is vested with a complete, unquestioned,
and unquestionable discretion as to the admis-
sion of States? If denied, I ask where is the
provision of the Constitution which fetters or
limits that discretion ? That instrument says
nothing on this subject but that "new States
may be admitted by the Congress into the
Union." Who has the right to convert that
"may'' into shall, and compel Congress against
its will to admit any State? No one here will
contend that any such compulsory power exists
anywhere, or that any State can come into the
Union without the consent of Congress.
If, then, Congress has the sole, exclusive,
and discretionary power over this whole sub-
ject, it may proscribe the terms upon which
any State maybe admitted into the Union;
for the Constitution prescribes none ; and when
that instrument authorizes Congress to act 011
any subject, without saying when, how, why,
or on what terms it shall act, the time, mode,
considerations, and terms of its action are as
absolutely in the discretion of Congress as if
the Constitution so declared in express words.
If this be not so, a State might come into the
Union when and how it pleased without any
authority or any terms. Once establish such
a doctrine, and the control of the nation over
this subject vanishes.
But it may be assumed that the constitu-
tional provision just quoted applies to new
States only, and therefore not to the case in
hand. Let us briefly examine this.
What is it to admit a State into the Union ?
In this debate, so far, this has not been con-
sidered ; but it is, in my judgment, in an im-
portant degree worthy of attention. It is not
to admit the people of a State into the nation,
for they are already a part of the nation.
\yhen, therefore, a State is admitted into the
40xh Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 172.
Union, it is not into the Union of the people
as a nation, but into the Union formed under
the Constitution for purposes of government.
It is admitted to participate as a body-politic
in the Government formed by that Constitu-
tion, in which the people composing the State
had no previous participation, or whose par-
ticipation had been broken off. This, I take
it, is the meaning of the admission of a State
into the Union, except as in the case of Texas,
where a foreign people are, by the act of
admission into the governmental Union, also
admitted into the Union of the people as a
nation, which latter Union, let it be remem-
bered, antedates the former, for it has existed
since the assembling of the Continental Con-
gress in September, 1774, outside and inde-
pendent of, as well as anterior to, any Consti-
tution or written form of government whatever.
If these views be correct, it follows that the
word " new" in this clause of the Constitution
does not confine the action of Congress in the
premises to the original admission of States
into the Union. That word, if it have any
special significance there—which I think it has
not—applies to all States which are outside of
the governmental Union, and dependent on
the action of Congress for their admission into
that Union, if not, had the rebel States suc-
ceeded in establishing themselves as an inde-
pendent and separate nation they might have
remained such for a hundred years, and then
come back, in defiance of Congress, into the
governmental Union upon their own terms, or
without any terms.
If, then, it be true that the admission of a
State into the Union is merely its admission to
a participation in the government of the Union,
it disposes of a c jinon error which proba-
bly is entertained by many, to wit: that no
portion of the people can become a State
until they are admitted as a State into the
Union. The history of the Government, in
my opinion, disproves this. The State of Ver-
mont was the first admitted into the Union
after the adoption of the Constitution. She
came in in 1791 without any previous authority
from Congress for her organization as a State
and theaetforher admission had this preamble:
"The State of Vermont bavins petitioned tbe Con-
gress to be admitted as n member 01 the United
States."
Hero was an express recognition of the pre-
existence of that State outside of the govern-
mental Union, while her people we re a part
of the nation, and as such subject to the au-
thority and power of that Union. Since that
time no less than ten States have been admit-
i ted, which were formed without the previous
authority of Congress, and yet were recognized
as existing States by the acts passed for their
admission. They were, with the years of their
admission, Maine, 1820: Aikansas and Michi-
gan, 183G; Florida and Iowa, 18-16: Califor-
nia. I860; Oregon, 185'J; Kansas, 18G1; West
Virginia, 18G2 ; and Nebraska, 1807. if these
facts show anything, they show that, it has not,
in all the history of the Government, been held
that a State is dependent upon its admission
into the Union for its existence as a State. It
cannot be admitted into the governmental
Union unless it be organized as a State; but it
may be ;o organized and exist without, being
so admitted. Hence result two important
deductions. The first is, that.as long as a
State is outside of participation in the Govern-
ment of the Union, from whatever cause, it
has, when it seeks admission to that participa-
tion, the status and character of a new State.
That is, it is just as much out, just as much
to be admitted, just as much dependent on the
will of Congress for its admission, when it has,
by its own act of rebellion, severed its practi-
cal relations with the governmental Union, as
when it first seeks admission into it as a new-
born State, and therefore falls within the scope
of the power of Congress to admit "new States
into this Union." My second deduction is,
that being a State de facto, though not yet in
the governmental Union, or with its practi-
cal relations thereto severed by its own act, it
is capable of acting as a State; and binding
itself as such, especially in all matters per^
taining to its admission or readmission into
the Union. If this be not so; how could con-
ditions be proposed to it by Congress, to be
assented to before its admission, as has been
heretofore done ? To ask the question is to
answer it. If a State at all, it may contract
as a State; if not a State, with power to con-
tract, to propose conditions for its acceptance
would be absurd.
Sir, I see all this clearly, whether I have
succeeded or not in showing it to others. I
see that the insurgent States, by their rebel-
lion, severed their practical relations to the
governmental Union, but did not sever them-
selves from the union of the people as a na-
tion. They were out of the Union, and at the
same time not out of it; an apparent paradox
when you lose sight, of the fact that the word
Union in the clause of the Constitution now
before us means the governmental Union
formed by the Constitution, and not the popu-
lar Union formed nearly fourteen years before
the Constitution took effect, and which the
Constitution was avowedly intended to make
"more perfect." Those practical relations,
for all purposes of government under the Con-
stitution, were dissolved by war for four years,
and have never yet been restored. Why? Be-
cause the terms of restoration prescribed by
Congress have never yet been fulfilled. Had
not Congress the rightto prescribe those terms?
Had it not a right to say when and on what
conditions those rebel States might again take
'part in the Government they had renounced,
warred against, and attempted to overthrow?
If not, then are we conquered b}'the conquered,
and our fathers formed a Government which
has no power to keep itself out of the hands of
its enemies and destroyers? If this be true,
then should our cry be not rce oictis ! but tee
victori! woo to the conqueror! woe to the
conqueror! But, sir, I leave the letter of the
Constitution, and invoke the decision of this
question on higher grounds.
No nation can live and not have the absolute
and unassailable right, through its very exist-
ence as a nation, to say who may and who may
not share in its government. To say that
rebels, because they constitute States, cannot
be for their rebellion debarred from a share in
that Government, is to set a part above the
whole, to break down constitutions and laws,
and to snap every ligament which can bind a
people in unity of popular or governmental
organization. And as the greater includes the
less, if you can debar them you can readmit
them on terms, such terms as you please, and
the Constitution affords them no remedy.
When, therefore, as in this amendment, you
say to Arkansas that she may come back upon
the condition therein expressed, you exercise
a clear and undoubted right, for which j ou tind
a warrant not only in the Constitution, but in
that primal law of self-preservation, which
belongs to nations as well as individuals, and
is high above all constitutions.
But Senators assert that to impose this con-
dition on Arkansas is to depiive lier of equality
among the States. Sir, what means this much
talked of equality of States? Does it depend
on their internal organization ? It' one State
lets negroes vote and another does not is there
therefore inequality between them? If one lets
women or foreigners, or Indians or Chinamen
vote, and others do not, is there for that rea-
son inequality between them ? If one requires
a property qualification in voters and another
does not, are they therefore unequal? I
look in vain for any such inequality. But
suppose it to exist, where is there anything in
the Constitution which forbids it? There is
not a word there about the equality of the
States, except in the single point of represent-
ation in this Senate. In every other respect,
even m representation in the other branch of
Congress, the States were uuequal at the adop-
tion of the Constitution and have been so ever
since, and will continue to be so always.
There is a gross mistake or perversion in all
