I86&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
tions, and he is very kindly indulging me with
the privilege of making them more apparent to !
him as lie goes along, 1 rise simply for the pur-
pose of staling the distinction which occurs to
my mind between the case he puts and the case
we are debatiug. The case heputs is that of a
judge or any man being disqualified for a crime
of  vhi«li he has been convicted and sentenced.
In the one ease the disqualification springs from
the sentence of the court. It is the penalty
denounced by the law against the crime of which
he lias been convicted before theproper judicial
tribunal, and for which he has been sentenced
by ihe judicial tribunal which alone can try and
settle such a question. Now, if we had the
same authority to try for crimes that a court
has, I should hold that a statute might, properly
disqualify a man for taking a seat here for any
offense, treason or anything else ; and then if
the statute had been so drawn that we could try
this man for that crime, we could do it in this
case. There are, however, two difficulties in
my mind : first, that we have no jurisdiction to
try the crime, and secondly, the statute does
pot say that this offense of disloyalty disqualifies.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, we must
not lose sight of the fact that we are arguing a
question of power. I understood the Senator
to lay down the proposition broadly that the
qualifications prescribed by the Constitution
could not be added to or taken from ; but now
he only means that it cannot be done by the
Legis'ature ; that the courts can do it. If the
qualifications prescribed are exclusive and can-
not be added to or taken from by Congress,
can a court do it by judicial' sentence any bet-
ter than the Senate can do it, any better than
the Legislature can do it? That gives up the
whole argument. If a' court can do it, then
the Senate having authority to act upon the
case, may, if satisfied itself that the party is
a traitor, if satisfied that he has been guilty of
bribery and is an unfit person to sit here for
that reason, expel him after he is admitted.
The Senator does not deny that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend will 'allow
me to suggeBt that the Constitution expressly
provides that Congress may declare the pun-
ishment for treason, and Congress by declar-
ing part of the punishment of treason disqual-
ification from office is clearly exercising a
power granted by the Constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Constitution
expressly declare that Congress may declare
the punishment for bribery?
Mr. D0OL1TTLE. It declares that Con-
gress may impose punishment for crimes gen-
erally, but especially 1 u relation to treason.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then by way of impos-
ing this punishment for crimes we propose to
keep traitors out of this body. That is exactly
what we propose to do.
■ Mr. DOOLITTLE. It says Congress has
power to dec hire it "by law."
Mr. TilUMBULL. That is exactly what
Congress have declared by the law of July 2,
IS'-i'A.: that no man who cannot take this oath
shall enter upon the discbarge of official duty
atall. He cannot be sworn in as a Senator
when he is not m a position to take this oath.
No one, I apprehend, would deny ourauthority
to expel him. That is a mere regulation of
practice. It is only another mode of proceed-
ing, whether you shall open the door and allow
a party who ought not to be here to come in
And then kick him ont, t>r whether yon (hall
shut tbe door and not let him come in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Giving him a vote on the
■question whether he ought to be kicked out!
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, giving him a vote
on that very question. Now, my friend from
WkconsiB, who wants to hang Breckinridge, I
'suppose, wants to get him in herfe to have a
kick at him. Well, I would not lei him get in
here at all.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir, my friend does not
tnean that I want to hang Mr. Breckinridge or
lack him either. I am not in that line.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Sena-
tor to say that if Mr. Breckinridge were elected
Senator from the State of Kentucky he hoped
he would be hung before he got here. [Mr.
Howe. No.] I veiy much misunderstood the
Senator if he did not say in reply to a question
asked by some member of the body supposing
Kentucky in the midst of the war had elected
Breckinridge Senator-
Mr. HOWE. Yes.
M*. TRUMBULL. And he went on to say
that they would have had a right t6 elect him
and he would be entitled to take his seat, but
he hoped that before he got his seat he would
be hung.
Mr. HOWE. Yes; speaking about several
years ago.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The difference is only
in the "several years ago." I maybe mis*
taken as to the time when the Senator Would
have hung him. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. I have not the slightest objec-
tion to its being done now, if my friend insists
on it, if it would make him any happier.
[Laughter.] I was only trying to set him right
as to what I had said. I know I was speaking
in reference to transactions that were suggested
to me as having occurred several years ago.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These extreme cases
that are put I admit do not prove anything. It
is a matter of practice and regulation as to
when we should pass on the question. When
Mr. Thomas's credentials were first presented
in the Senate I was in favor of allowing him
to be sworn in and examining the case after-
ward ; but that is a matter of practice, and
after discussion I believe the Senate pretty
nearly unanimously decided to have his case
investigated before he was sworn. It is com-
petent to pursue either course ; and I think, in
this body which is always Organised, having
two thirds of its members always elected, the
rule ought to be adopted that no person about
whose right to a seat there is a question should
be admitted to be sworn until that question is
settled. Why does the other rule obtain of
allowing persons who have a prima facte case
to be sworn in as members in the first instance,
and allowing them often to sit for months as
members of legislative bodies, and to Tote on
the most important bills, though after investi-
gation it is decided by the House that they are
not entitled to seats at all ? And yet the votes
of such persons may have enacted into laws
the most important measures. Why is that
done ? It is done from the necessity of the
case, because you must have some practicable
mode of organizing a legislative body. When
all its members come together for the first time
one has just as good a right to a seat as another.
One has as good a right to vote upon the right
of a third party to a seat as another; and hence
the rule has obtained from the necessity of the
case of allowing all those having tbe prima
facie evidence of an election to be aworn in
in the first instance, and to investigate their
cases afterward. But there is no such neces-
I sity in this body. We are always organized:
I we always have two thirds of the members of
j the body qualified and acting, and I think the
! safer and better rule would be in this body to
| -settle the question of the right to a seat of a
i person whose right is contested in the first
! iristanoe before allowing him to take part in
! the proceedings of the body. Since I have had
■ a seat in this body I have known an instance
| where a member has sat here and voted for
j months, and then the majority of the Senate
i has decided that he was not entitled to a seat,
j I think that question should have been settled
j at the outset. We may settle this case, I think,
in the manner it is proposed to be settled.
1 I am not going into the merits of the case.
I am not going to express any opinion as to
whether the Senator-elect from Maryland is
entitled to his seat or not All I mean to say
is that it is competent to sfcttle this question
at this stage of the proceedings and that I
think this law is constitutional. If we <had a
right to declare that no person should enter
upon the discharge of the duties of an office
without taking this oath, and we are satisfied
that the party cannot take this oath truly, then
he should not be permitted to enter upon the
discharge of his duties. What is the object
of the oath? It is not to punish men for
perjury; it is not to induce men to swear
falsely. The object of the oath is to protect
the country against disloyal men holding the
offices of the country. This is the intent of
the law and as a means of ascertaining them
we prescribe the oath.
Mr. DRAKE. And it was not intended
that any man should establish through per-
jury his right to hold the office?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unquestionably not.
I admit that we may permit a party to come
up and take the oath, and if satisfied after-
! ward that he had taken the oath falsely, I am
quite sore my friend from Wisconsin would
unite with me in expelling-him from the body.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly,
j " Mr. TRUMBULL. If he would do that
! why will he not prevent his taking a false
oath, and taking a seat in the body in the first
instance?
I It was only in reference to this one point
1 which had been argued by the Senator from
Wisconsin that I desired to make any remarks,
! and having submitted these views 1 shall say
j nothing on the merits of the case at present.
| Mr. STEWART. Inasmuch as the Senator
from Wisconsin proposed to take three days
J to answer my question, and afterward sug-
gested that he did not see its bearing, I will
simply state the question. The third section
of the constitutional amendment proposed by
the Thirty-Ninth Congress reads as follows:
"No person shall be a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vice Presi-
dent. or hold any office, civil or military, under tbe
United States or under any State, who, having pre-
viously taken an oath as a member of Congress, or
as an officer, of the United States, or «s a member of
any State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial
officer of any State, to support the Constitution of the
United States, shall have engaged in insurrection or
rebellion against the same, or given aid and comfort
to tbe enemies thereof. But Congress may, by a vote
of two thirds of each House, remove such disability."
Now, to hold that we have no constitutional
authority in this case involves an affirmative
finding by the Senate that this amendment is
not a part of the Constitution. I have heard
opinions variously expressed in the Senate oh
that point, some contending that, it having been
ratified by three fourths of the represented
States it is now a part of the Constitution,
and others holding the other doctrine, so that
it seems to me the determination of the ques-
tion now before tbe Senate involves the inquiry
■whether this amendment is a part of the Con-
stitution or not. If it is, it closes tbe case.
There is no ambiguity about it. Mr. Thomas
formerly held the office of Secretary of the
Treasury, and took an oath . to support the Con1
stnution. If he did subsequently aid the ene-
mies of the country he comes specifically under
this section of the Constitutional amendment.
Now, before we can abarndon this inquiry
and say we have no jurisdiction in the premises
we must not only determine that the Senate
had no right to act upon the queBtion under tlie
Constitution as it formerly stood, but we must
also determine that this amendment is not a
frt of the Constitution, and upon that point
6hould like to hear the Senator from Wis-
consin, and that was the objcct of my question.
As he . has takes time to consider the matter,
I hope he will go over the whole ground and
determine what is constitutional and what not
before M arrives at a conclusion ; because if
this article i  part of the Constitution it
becomes an important matter of discussion,
and 1 think it very well that three days are
Mr HOWE. I am very glad that I was
prudent enough to avail myself of the sugges-
tion made by the Senator from Vermont, for I
really did not comprehend the drift of the ques-
tion submitted to me by the Senator from
Nevada. I was arguing the question upon the
-Constitution as it is printed and bound up here,
and has my name stamped upon it, [the printed
Manual, with each Senator's nameon his copy,]
and which I supposed was the Constitution of
the United States. I was arguing on the Cos-
