3762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. MERCUR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay of volunteers.
Mr. COBB, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with the recommendation that it
do pass, the joint resolution "(H. 11. No. 299)
for the relief of certain honorably discharged
soldiers of the volunteer forces of the Union
Army.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the third section of au act of Congress
entitled "An act to increase the pay of the
privates in the regular Army and in the vol-
unteer service of the United States, and ior
other purposes," approved August 6, 1801,
shall be construed to mean that every private
of volunteers pntitled under and by virtue of
the proclamations of the President and the
General Orders of the War Department, Nos.
15 and 25, da'ed respectively Way 4 and May
25,1801, issued in accordance therewith, prior
to July 22, 1801, the date of the passage of
the act entitled "An act to authorize the
employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing
the lawsand protecting public property," shall
be entitled to, and be paid, the allowance of
$100 provided by said general orders in all
cases where said privates were honorably dis-
charged or mustered out of service by com-
petent authority.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
did not expect that my colleague on the com-
mittee would report that bill to-day. It is not
a private bill. I hope he will withdraw it until
the committee is called for public bills.
Mr. COBB. I understood that this morning
hour was given to the Committee of Claims
without reservation or restriction.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour of
Fiiday, to which the Committee of Claims
was entitled for reports of a private nature,
■was postponed until to-day. The Committee
of Claims were entitled to two morning hours
for private business, one of them being the
morning hour of Friday last, and it was post-
poned until to-day.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope that bill will be
referred to the Committee on Mditary Affairs.
Mr. COBB. I ask unanimous consent to
have the bill considered at this time.
Mr. GARPIELl). I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must
waive his objection tothe present consideration
of this bill, in order that it may be before the
House to be referred.
Mr. GARFJELD. I ol^ject to the present
consideration of this bill.
Mr. COBB. Then I give notice that on all
proper occasions I will press this bill upon the
consideration of the House. I think the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs might see that this is a
simple act of justice, carrying out the procla-
mations of the President of the United States,
and the orders of the War Department made
in strict pursuance of those proclamations.
But the objection being made, that act of jus-
tice must be foregone for the present.
_Mr. GAR_F1 ELD. I do not lin ow what the
bill is ; but it seems to me that it should go to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COBB. In reply to that I will say that
I offered this as an amendment to the bounty
bill which was reported from the Committee
on Military Affairs. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] suggested that if I would
have it and the papers accompanying it printed
in the Globe the Committee on Military
Affairs would have an opportunity to examine
it, and would be ready to pronounce upon it.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its Clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a bill, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested, of the following
title:
A bill (S. No. 417) to amend an act entitled
"An act.proposing to the State of Texas the
establishment of her northern and western
boundaries, the relinquishment by the said
State of all territory claimed by lier exterior
to said boundaries, and of all her claims upon
the United States, and to establish a territorial
government for New Mexico."
captain thomas \v. miller.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill (H. It. No. 1305) for the relief
of Captain Thomas W. Miller; which was
read a lirst and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read at length, directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Cap-
tain Thomas W. Miller, late captain and act-
ing aid to Brigadier General L. Cutler, late of
the Army of the Potomac, the sum of $529 88,
in full for military services from the 13th of
May to the 7th of August, 1803, inclusive, and
for private horse killed in action at the battle
of Gettysburg.
Mr. COBB. I call the previous question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let the report be read.
The report, was read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to
this bill, except the portion of it that provides
for the'payment of the borse. I believe the
Government has not yet entered upon the policy
of paying for all the horses killed or lost during
the war, and which belonged to private par-
ties. I think we should hesitate before making
this an isolated case.
Mr. COBB. I cannot yield for discussion
now. I insist upon the call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
n. a. 8huttlkworth.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee of Claims,
also reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, House bill No. 284, for
j' the relief of N. A. Shuttleworth, of Harrison
!i county, West Virginia.
|j The question was upon ordering the bill to
:! be engrossed and read a third time.
i The bill, which was read at length, directs
jj the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to N. A.
I; Shuttleworlh, of Harrison county, West Vir-
ginia, late captain of third regiment of Virginia
volunteers, the sum of $550 05, to reimburse
him for the same amount paid by him for the
transportation of recruits in 1801.
Mr. COBB. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ii15irs of jajies s. porter.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee of Claims,
also reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass. House bill No. 255. for
the relief of the heirs of James S. Porter, late
of Hancock county, West Virginia.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read at length, directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the
heirs of James S. Porter, late of Hancock
county, West Virginia, the sum of $895 70, to
reimburse them for a like amount of money
paid by James S. Porter, in equipping com-
pany 1, of the first regiment Virginia volun-
teers, three months' service.
Ml-. BLAIR. Is there a report in this case ?
Mr. COBB. There is a report.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask that the report be read.
The report, was read.
Mr. PRICE. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr.* Cobb] a single question.
I presume the State of West Virginia has never
paid this account; but has it not paid parties
who have m^de advances of money of a similar
cli firiictcr ?
Mr. COBB. I am not well enough informed
on that point to answer the gentleman. 1 pre-
sume the gentleman from West Virginia [Mr.
Hubbard] can answer the inquiry.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia.^ To the
best of my knowledge the State of West Vir-
ginia has not paid accounts of this kind, that
is, claims for this particular three months' ser-
vice.
Mr. COBB. This is precisely the same kind
of disbursements for which a number of the
loyal States (my own State and that ot the
gentleman from Iowa among the number) were
reimbursed by the Federal Government.
Mr. PRICE. Yes, but with this difference :
my own State, and 1 presume that of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, had settled with the
parties who advanced money, and then came
to the General Government for reimbursement
of those payments. That was the reason I
asked why the State of West Virginia had not
settled with parties having claims of this char-
acter ?
Mr. COBB. The only answer to that ques-
tion is to be found in the anomalous condition
of things in West Virginia at the time these
claims accrued.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
j. 31. wright and others.
Mr. STOICES, from the Committee
of
Claims, reported adversely upon the petition
of J. M. Wright and others, prayiyg reimburse-
ment to the representatives of Brigadier Gen-
eral George Wright, United States Army, for
$0,500 in Government bonds, alleged to have
been lost by shipwreck; which was laid on
the table.
kentucky university.
Mr. STOKES also, from the Committee of
Claims, reported adversely upon the claim of
the Kentucky University at Lexington, Ken-
tucky, for reimbursement for the destruction
by fire of the medical college attached to the
university, while used by the United States as
a hospital; which was laid on the table.
mrs. sarah 11utciiins
Mr. STOKES also, from the Committee of
Claims, reported adversely upon the claim of
Mrs. Sarah Hutchins, for reimbursement for
property destroyed by the United States Army.
en'rolled bill sion'ed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from (he Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
(S. No. 505) to amend section five of an act en-
titled '' An act concerning tiie registering and
recording ot' ships or vessels/' approved De-
cember 31, 1792; when the Speaker signed the
same.
captain a. g. oliver.
Mr. STOKES, from the Committee of Clai ins.
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1300) for the relief
of Captain A. G. Oliver; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Captain A. G. Oliver,
