1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
or the one m the bill as it came from the House.
w The question then arises, in which form should
the bill be put so as to secure its passage over
a veto ?
I hold that from this out to the end of his
term we should not fail to pass over bis veto
any bill to which he may apply it. We have
the strength, if united, and we should exercise
it. If the vote of last Saturday on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Ferry,] proposing to strike out from the bill
the fundamental condition, be any criterion,
you cannot pass the bill over a veto in the form
in which it came from the House. If the Sen-
ate concur with me in that view is it not better
to put the bill in a shape that two thirds of us
will sustain ? Adopt the same fundamental
condition that was imposed upon Nebraskaand
passed over a veto and that object is attained,
and the protection of the colored voters in
Arkansas secured. On the other hand, pass
the original bill, and it may be that you will
have to do all your work over again, or still
leave Arkansas out of the pale of the govern-
mental Union and in danger of again passing
under the domination of rebels. Let us reli-
giously labor to forestall and avert that result.
If we fail to do so what account shall we render
to the loyal millions we represent?
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask the
indulgence of the Senate while I in very brief
terms discuss the question which the amend-
ment of the honorable member from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Perry] and that proposed by the
honorable memberfrom Missouri [Mr. Drake]
present.
Before doing so, I beg permission to explain
a vote which I gave upon a subject which is
not now before the Senate ; I mean upon the
amendment which was proposed by the honor-
able member from Missouri [Mr. Henderson]
to the resolution of thanks to Mr. Stanton. 1
did not hear it read distinctly. I supposed it
to be a proposition of thanks to the present
Chief Justice of the United States for the man-
ner in which, while Secretary of the Treasury,
he had administered the finances of the Gov-
ernment. I was perfectly willing to do that,
and more than willing to do that, if the Sen-
ate itself should think it proper to pass a vote
of thanks to any civil officer. But I tind, upon
my attention being called to it particularly,
that it proposed to thank the Chief J ustice for
the manner in which he has discharged the
duties of the high position which he now holds.
I should be very unwilling to have it supposed
that I would knowingly support a proposition
of that sort. It seems to me but calculated to
bring the judiciary into the political contests
of the day, and that its tendency would only be
to injure that department of the Government.
I wish it, therefore, to be understood that the
vote which I cast upon that subject, as I am
not at liberty to strike it out now, was given
under a misapprehension.
Mr. President, the question which is before
the Senate on the bill which is now upon the
table is a very interesting one; and although
the honorable member from Missouri [Mr.
Drake] and those who concur with him think
that Congress has the power to impose such
conditions as are suggested, I think it very clear
that the power does not exist. The condition
in the bill as reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee is, that the right of suffrage as it now
exists, or will exist under the constitution of
the State if the State should be admitted, shall
not at any time be changed so as to take from
the parties who are entitled to vote under the
present constitution that right hereafter. I
suppose, if anything be true, whether we con-
sult the debates in the convention by which the
Constitution was framed, or consult the debates
in the several conventions by which the Con-
stitution was ratified, or consult the words of
the Constitution itself and the interpretation
put upon it in the particular in question, nothing
is more clear than that the States were left to
control the franchise among themselves just
as they had the authority to control it before
the Constitution was adopted. I
The honorable member from Missouri asked,
and I think it was asked again by some one of
the other Senators upon the floor, whether
there was anything in the Constitution of the
United States which declares that the States
shall be equal. The inference involved in the
question is true, if it is intended merely to
inquire whether there are any express terms to
be found in the Constitution declaring the
equality of the States; "but, although there are
no such express terms, it seems to me to be
clear, beyond all reasonable doubt, and that
the Government could not exist if it was other-
wise, that there is absolute equality among
the States, as far as a question of this descrip-
tion is concerned. Thai state of equality is to be
gathered from almost every source. First, the
Convention itself was called by the people of
the States, acting in their separate capacity of
people of the several States. The States were
represented in the Convention as equals, each
having the same voice. The Constitution
adopted by the Convention was submitted to
the States afterward as equals; and if we
look into the Constitution itself we find that
all the provisions, which relate to the States as
such, show that in the intendment of the Con-
vention they were considered as equal.
Their representation in the House of Repre-
sentatives is founded upon the idea of equality ;
their representation in this Chamber is founded
upon that idea ; and the Constitution provides
that that equality shall not at any time, even
by an amendment of the Constitution, be
changed. If we look at the nature of a State
government, the object of retaining the State
government, so to speak, or rather the purpose
of creatingageneral government endowed with
only certain specified powers, and the tenth
amendment of the Constitution which says in
so many words that all the powers not dele-
gated to the General Government arc to be
considered as expressly reserved to the States,
or the people ot' the States respectively, wo
are led, as I think, only to one conclusion,
and that is, that in the judgment of the l'ramers
of the Government of the United States, and
of the people by whom it was adopted, the
States were esteemed to be equal in all the
powers which they had not agreed to tiansfer
to the. General Government. That being so,
the moment we ascertain in any particular in-
stance whether the power in question has or
has not been delegated to the General Gov-
ernment, and the result of the examination is
that there has been no such delegation, then
the power is in the States, not only from the
nature of the General Government, but by
force of the tenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion which reserves to the States that power.
if, then, the General Government has not
the power to interfere with the franchise so as
to take from the States the absolute aud uncon-
trollable power to regulate it directly, it would
seem to follow that they cannot do it indirectly.
I do not know whether the Judiciary Commit-
tee has made a report upon the several bills or
resolutions which irom tunc to time have been
referred to that committee, providing for the
regulation of suffrage throughout the states by
act of Congress ; but I suppose that that prop-
osition, if it shall be brought before the Senate
by the committee, will never receive the sanc-
tion of this body. I think all the indications
of the opinions of the members of the body
show that they do not believe the General Gov-
ernment has that authority.
Assuming, then; that it has not the authority
to interfere with the States which are now in
the Union beyond all dispute, the question
immediately before us is, (to take the case of
Arkansas as the immediate one now pending,)
assuming that Arkansas is not now a State but
is to become a State by our legislation, can
we impose it upon her as a condition that she
shall surrender the right to regulate her fran-
chise so that at no time hereafter can she inter-
fere with it in contravention of the condition
upon which alone we agree to admit her ? If
we have that power, there is some way, of
course, of making its exertion effectual. That
must be true. It can never be true that the
General Government has a power which it can-
not exert practically. A former President of
the United States told us that he was of that
opinion; that although he believed the States
had no authority fo secede from the Union,
and that it was the duty of the General Gov-
ernment to prevent it, yet that it had no power
to enable it to execute that duty. That is not
my view. I think that all the powers that are
vested in the General Government it has the
means by legislation to execute, where they
fail to execute themselves by their very nature.
If it is so, Mr. President, that the power
exists in relation to a State which is not now
in the Union, but is to be brought into the
Union, and we impose it, then what becomes
of the equality of the States ? Arkansas, that
being done, cannot change her franchise as
regulated by the Constitution, and made by us
a^ condition of the admission of the State.
New York can ; and so can every other State
now in the Union, not only without the con-
sentot Congress, but against its legislation. In
other words, as far as New York is concerned,
she is now just as absolutely the mistress of
the power to regulate the franchise as she was
before the Constitution of the United States
was adopted. So is Maryland ; so are all the
other States ; but Arkansas comes in with that
power denied her ; and that is inequality. If
we have the right to exclude her except upon
the condition that she will abandon forever the
possession of that power which belongs to all
the other States, why have we not the right to
exclude her if she will not abandon all the
other powers that belong to the other States?
Why not regulate the number of which her
Legislature is to be composed ? Why not pro-
vide that there shall be only one branch? Why
not provide that her judiciary shall be for life,
or for a term of years? Why not say that they
shall not be composed of lawyers or profes-
sional men? Can any reason bo given'!
If the power is in Congress to impose cornii-
tions which will limit the power of a State by
a conditiou denying to her the right to regu-
late the franchise, I cannot see how any such
distinction can be made. As the honorable
member from Indiana [Mr. Morton] suggested
the other day, if the power exists why can she
not agree to abandon her right to be repre-
sented upon this floor by two Senators; agree
that she shall only have one, or that she sliail
have none ; agree that her representation in the
other House shall not be regulated by the rules
by which representation in the other House on
the part of the remaining States is regulated
by the Constitution? Why not provide that
her citizens shall not be at liberty to sue in
the courts of the United States, or that they
shall be compelled to sue alone in the couits
of the United States? In a word, upon what
ground, logically, reasonably, can it be main-
tained that Congress has the authority to take
from a State the right to regulate the franchise
by way of a condition to her admission into the
Union, which will not lead to the demonstra-
tion of the power in Congress to deny to her
any and exery other of the sovereign rights
which belong to the other States of the Union.
The honorable memberfrom Missouri I think
fell into an error, and the one upon which his
argument rests, of not distinguishing between
the authority which Congress exerts over the
Territories of the Union and the formation of
a Territory into a State, and that which will
belong to Congress after the Territory and the
people of the Territory are admitted as a State.
Under the authority to make rules and regula-
tions for the disposition of the public property
of the United States, or under the authority of
acquisition, whether that acquisition be made
by purchase or by conquest, the Supreme
Court of the United States said in the case of
the American Insurance Company vs. Canter,
in 7 Peters, the authority by the Government
to constitute governments for the Territories
necessaiily existed; aud I think they were
clearly right: and having the authority to gov-
ern it as Territory and to govern the people
