1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Lynch.
Ho. of Reps.
men who incited their poor deluded followers
into the insurrection led them in the fight;
and this perhaps accounts for the fact that this
northern wing of the confederate army was
subjugated by the metropolitan police, and
afterward held in quiet submission to the laws
by the distinguished gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] whose military prowess
these valiant gentlemen now affect to despise.
Now, sir, 1 give the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks,] and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,] this friendly
warning, to beware how they undertake to in-
augurate a second rebellion, for they may fall
into the hands of an Executive that will be
disposed not only to make treason odious but
dangerous. I am aware that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania proposes to avert this un-
pleasant consequence of treason by making
the Executive not only a party to, but also the
leader in such treason. He says :
"Mr. Speaker, so sure I am that the American peo-
ple will respect this objection [the unconstitutionality
of Congress] that I will say, if I were the Presi-
dent's counselor, which I am not, I would advise
him, if you prefer articles of impeachment, to demur
both to your jurisdiction and that of theSenate, and
to issue a proclamation giving y >u and all the world
notice that while he held himself impeachable for
misdemeanors in office before the constitutional
tribunal he never would subjcct the office he holds
in trust for the people to the irregular, unconstitu-
tional, fragmentary bodies who proposed to strip him
ofit. Such a proclamation, with the Army and Navy
in hand to sustain it, would meet a popular response
that would make an end of impeachment andim-
peaehers."
Only three parties are necessary to make
advice like this safe to the counselor who
gives and the President who follows it. They
are those named by the gentleman himself: the
people and the people's Army and Navy. But
not one of these three has shown any willing-
ness to support such counsel. They each and
all execrate it, and alike stand ready by ballot
or in battle, by land or sea, to conquer and to
crush it. If the gentleman desires to know
how his treasonable appeals will be responded
to by the people he has only to look around
among his associates on this floor and count
up the constituencies that will tolerate in their
Representatives the utterance of such senti-
ments as I have quoted. Without any expecta-
tion of silencing the everlasting ding-dong about
the Constitution, the Constitution, the Constitu-
tion, which is so continually kept up by these
constitutional shriekers, I propose to examine
some of the constitutional arguments which
have been made, some of the constitutional
objections which have been raised to the pro-
posed impeachment and in justification of the
President by those defending him. They con-
tend, first, that the removal of the Secretary
of War by the President was authorized by the
Constitution, and that .the tenure-of-office act
being in derogation of this constitutional power
is unconstitutional and void. Second, that the
removal from office of the present Secretary
of War is not prohibited by the tenure-of-office
act; and finally, that the present Congress is
not a constitutional body, and therefore cannot
lawfully impeach the President, though he be
guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors. These
specifications of defense are certainly very com-
prehensive, and if sustained would render con-
viction impossible, not only in this particular
case, but in any case that could be imagined.
As the question of jurisdiction goes to the
root of the whole matter, it may be as well to
examine that first in order; for if we have no
constitutional right to try and convict it is
hardly worth our while to discuss the matter
of guilt at all. This is not the first time the
legality of this body has been called in ques-
tion. It has been done repeatedly by the Presi-
dent himself, by the whole democratic press
of the country, and, strange to say, by mem-
bers upon this floor who sit here as the accred-
ited Representatives of legitimate constitu-
tional constituencies, take part in every form
of legislative action, vote to collect revenue
from the people, make appropriations of public
moneys, and regularly draw their salaries and
mileage. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] denies the constitutionality of Con-
gress, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Woodward,] reiterating the denial, says:
"Mr. Speaker, I shall not feel that my whole duty
to the House and the country is done unless I allude
to anotherobjection to this impeachment movement,
which my friend from New York [Mr. Bkooks]
filanced at, and for. which the gentleman from Ohio
Mr. Bingham] and the two gentlemen from Illinois
Mr. F auks worth and Mr. Louan] poured out upon
his head a flood of vituperative eloquence. At the
risk of similar denunciations I take it upon me to
deny your right to impeach anybody and the present
Senate's right to try any impeachment.
"Says the Constitution: 'The Housoof Represent-
atives shall have tho sole power of impeachment,
and the House of Representatives shall be com-
posed of members chosen every second year by the
people of the several States.' This House of Rep-
resentatives is not so composed; but, on the contrary,
tho Representatives chosen from ten of the several
States have been and are excluded from these
Halls. I do not say if they were absent voluntarily
they could prevent your exercise of the impeaching
power; for then they would form, though personally
absent, a part of the composition of the House: but
so lopg as you prevent their entering into its com-
position you are not tho Houso of Representatives to
whom the Constitution commits 'tho sole power of
impeachment.'"
_ The gentleman thinks while the Representa-
tives from the rebel States were voluntarily
absent they formed a part of the composition
of this House. According to the gentleman's
logic, as they formed a part of the composition
of this House during their voluntary absence
and lost none of their rights, these Kepresent-
atives were at liberty to return here during the
war and unite with their northern allies in vot-
ing against appropriations for our armies and
thus insure their defeat. But the gentleman
is not correct in his facts. The Representa-
tives and Senators of ten of the States of the
Union have not been excluded. They volunta-
rily withdrew, and have never returned. No
Representative or Senator from any of the
States which went into the rebellion has ever
appeared here chosen under authority of any
State organization which was ever represented
in the Congress of the United States. The
Representatives from some of the rebel States
presented themselves for admission to the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, but they came from
constituencies manufactured by Andrew John-
son, constituencies which had no legal or con-
stitutional right to representation.
And to this present Congress no one of the
rebel States has sent Representatives and Sen-
ators who have presented themselves for ad-
mission. With the exception of Alabama we
have no evidence that any one of them has
held an election for Representatives to this
body. But, admitting the gentleman to be cor-
rect in his facts, they would not warrant his
conclusions that this Congress is an illegal
body; not even if the exclusion of the States
were illegal. The most that could in that case
be claimed would be that the State excluded
would not be bound by our legislation, while
all the States represented would be bound.
Will the gentleman contend that Pennsylvania,
with her representatives in both branches of
Congress, may question the legality of the body
in which they sit because some other State is,
from any cause, unrepresented? Will he con-
tend that all the States that adhered to and
maintained the Government during the rebel-
lion should be disfranchised, even if those
States which withdrew their representatives
and made war upon the Government should
be denied representation in Congress? If South
Carolina should be denied representation does
it foilow that the right of every other State in
the Union to representation thereby becomes
invalidated ? Such is the gentleman's logic.
The gentleman entirely ignores the fact that
Congress has a constitutional quorum of legally
elected Representatives and Senators, even
counting in the States which Andrew Johnson
declared had been deprived of all civil govern-
ments. If the gentleman will follow out his
own proposition to its legitimate conclusions
he will find that Congress is a legal body, but
that Andrew Johnson lias no legal title to his
office. It is claimed (which I do not admit)
that the President is the representative of the
people of the United States. Now, it is a fact
that eleven States were denied the right of
participating in the election of President and
Vice President. _ Some of the States were
prevented by military force, others, among
which was the State of Tennessee, were pro-
hibited by law from representation in the
Electoral College. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. "Woodward] and his associates
contend that these electors were deprived of ,
their rights, which, if true, invalidates the
election. It follows, then, according to the
logic of these gentleman, that Congress, being
composed of members legally elected and from
States entitled to representation, and having a
constitutional quorum, is a legal body ; but that
the States wrongfully, as they allege, deprived
of representation are not bound by the acts of
Congress. And it also follows that the Presi-
dent is an illegal President, a large part of
the electors making his constituency having
been illegally deprived of their rights to par-
ticipate in his election, just as depriving unlaw-
fully any portion of the electors in a represent-
ative district of their rights to participate in
the election of a representative would invalidate
the election of a representative, while it would
in no way affect the rights of others or the
character of the body to which they claimed
an election.
But, sir, if the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woodward] believe their own
doctrines on this subject; if they really believe
that the exclusion of the southern States dis-
franchises all the loyal States, what business
have they here, drawing their salaries, and
voting to tax the people '1 Their official acts
contradict their professions and stamp them
with insincerity. It has been contended by the
defenders of the President's usurpation that
the Constitution gives him tho power of re-
moval, not in express terms, but by implica-
tion, as a necessary incident to the executive
power. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Woodward] contends that the whole
executive power of the Government is vested
in the President, and that this executive power
necessarily includes the power to appoint and
remove from office; that the President, being
the chief executive officer of the Government,
aud being responsible for the faithful execu-
tion of the laws, should have the control,
direction, and power of removal of all subor-
dinate executive officers. That 1 may state
the gentleman's position fairly I quote from
his speech, as follows:
" The Constitution distributes the powers delegated
to the Federal Government among three great and
coordinate departments—the legislative, the execu-
tive, and the judicial. To the legislative depart-
ment are given ' all the legislative powers herein
granted.' Article two, section one, reads :
"" The executive power shall be vested in a Presi-
dent of the United States of America.'
"And, says article three:
"' The judicial power ot the United States shall be
vested in one Supreme Court and in such inferior
courts as tho Congress may trom time to time ordain
and establish.'
"The power is vested—all the power delegated to
the Federal Government. What powers these are
must be seen in tho Constitution or learned from
political soience as applicable to a confederacy of
States in union under a federal Constitution.
"But whateverexecutive power the Federal Govern-
ment possesses is vested in the President. He is
made the sole trustee ofthe people in this regard. In
the mitter of appointments to office and the treaty-
making functional check is imposed upon the Presi-
dent by the provisionswhich require the consent and
concurrence of tlie Senate: but even in these in-
stances the power exercised is the President's. The
concurrence of the Senate is only a regulation for
the exercise of the powor. It is a mere advisory dis-
cretion—not an executive power. The Senate pos-
sesses not an iota of executive power. Its functions
are all legislative, except when itsits upon impeach-
ments, when they are judicial. jShe separateness
and completeness of this executives power in the
hands of the President are a doetrine^that is very
