1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3763
out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of $2,010, the
amount of Government funds stolen from him
the 13l h of May, 1804.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I malie the point of
order that this bill, being an appropriation bill,
must be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STOKES. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] to withdraw that
point for a moment and let the report be read.
A number of cases of a similar character to
this have been acted upon favorably by this
House during the present Congress.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We have no proper op-
portunity to examine, amend, or debate these
bills in the House ; and I think they should
go to the Committee of the Whole in accord-
ance with the rule.
TheSPEAKER. The point of orderneces-
sarily refers the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. It will,
with the report, be ordered to be printed.
samuhl tib13etts.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 396, for the
reliefof Samuel Tibbetts, with the recommend-
ation that it do not pass.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated the
sum of $200, being for money paid by Mr.
Tibbetts for the entry of land on which he had
before entered a land warrant, and which land
warrant before the patent issued had been lost
by the officers of the land office.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to have
some explanation of that bill.
Mr. STOKES. I will explain it in a few
moments. Mr. Tibbetts first entered a land
warrant upon a certain portion of land, one
hundred and sixty acres, but he was afterward
informed by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office that the land warrant was defect-
ive. lie then purchased two land warrants
for eighty acres each and entered one hundred
and sixty acres with them. The duplicate
certificate he furnished, and it is in posses-
sion of the House. The orierinal certificate
was never returned to the Commissioner of
the General Land Office. Consequently, when
he was called upon to issue a patent for the
land he could not do it because the original
certificate had not been returned. Tibbetts
sold the land to Smith ; but Smith, on apply-
ing for the grant, was informed that the grant
could not be made until ยง200 were paid.
Smith paid ยง200. Tibbetts refunded $200,
arid he was recommended to cojne to Congress
for relief. It is a plain case, and the committee
have therefore reported a bill for his relief.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is a plain case, I
think, that the bill ought not to pass. He has
the right to the land warrants under the law.
and he has his remedy in recovering them.
Mr. STOKES. I will reply to the gentle-
man from Missouri, that if Mr. Tibbetts had j
lost the land warrants he could then have gone j
and obtained new ones. But, sir, he never lost :
the land warrants. He entered them at the \
land office. The agent at the land-office him- |
self proves that Tibbetts did enter the land j
with "two land warrants, but that by some mis- j
hap the certificate was never returned to the i
General Land Office. The Commissioner, j
therefore, declared that under the law he can- j
not do otherwise than take the $200. If Tib- j
betts had lost the land warrants then there is j
no doubt he would have his remedy. j
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the gentleman say j
that these land warrants have been lost? |
Mr. STOKES, No, sir; they were entered |
upon the land at the time, two land warrants |
for eighty acres each, but the certificate was |
never returned to the Commissioner of the |
General Land Office. For that reason he can- I
not obtain relief at any other place than Con-
gress. , ,
Mr. BENJAMIN. The general law pro-
vides a remedy for all these tilings.
Mr. STOKES. I had the law and examined
it carefully; and, sir, the Commissioner of the
General Land Office agreeshe cannot get relief
except from Congress.
Mr. DELANO. I hope this bill will not pass
without further explanation.
Mr. STOKES. 1 think it is a perfectly clear
case. In the first place Mr. Tibbetts entered
one hundred and sixty acres of land with a
land warrant, but the Commissioner of the
General Land Office informed him there was
some defect about the land warrant. He then
purchased two land warrants of eighty acres
each, and entered them at the Des Moines
land office. He received his certificate, but
the original certificate was never returned to
the General Land Office. Tibbetts sold to
Smith, but when Smith came to apply for a
patent the Commissioner told him it could not
be given until the return of the original cer-
tificate.
Mr. DELANO. Are the land warrants still
in existence, or have they been canceled?"
Mr. STOKES. They were entered at the
Land Office. *
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is there
any controversy between the parties?
Mr. STOKES. No, sir.
Mr. DELANO. If the land warrants are
not canceled arc they still in existence?
Mr. STOKES. The duplicate certificates
of entry will prevent their ever being entered
upon any other land. This man is entitled to
relief; and I demand the previous question.
The previousquestion was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof (liebill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
henry b. st. marie.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution (H. II. No. 320) for
the relief of Henry 13. St. Marie; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary of
State to pay out of the civil service fund of his
Department the sum of $10)000 to Henry B.
St. Marie, for services and information on the
arrest of John II. Surratt in the kingdom of
Italy, charged with the crime of conspiracy
and murder.
Mr. STOKES. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
george kaiser.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1307) tor the relief
of George Kaiser; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the applicant $181 50 for labor and
material furnished in- building a hospital at
Parkersburg, West Virginia, in 1861.
Mr. STOKES. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
charles c. o'neill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported adversely
on the bill (H. R. No, 477) for the relief of
Charles C. O'Neill; which was laid on the
table.
JAMES HOOPER.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, moved to take up from
the Private Calendar the bill (S. No. 436) for
the relief of James Hooper.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Jame3 Hooper the
sum of S16,000, being the value of his vessel,
the bark General Berry, which was captured
and destroyed at sea on the 9th day of July,
1864, while in the military service of the Uni-
ted States, by the rebel steamer Florida.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
wish to say that this claim wasbefore the Com-
mittee of Claims of the last Congress, received
a very thorough examination by the chairman,
[Mr. Delano,] was reported by the commit-
tee, and passed the House almost unanimously,
but for want of time it did not pass the Senate.
The bill which comes before the House now
has passed the Senate, has been before the
Committee of Claims, and has been passed
upon by them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to have enunciated the principle upon which
these claims are to be paid.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
law provides that when a vessel in the Govern-
mentemploy has been destroyed by the enemy
the Government shall pay for it. In this ease
the vessel went from New York to Fortress
Monroe and was attacked by the Florida and
destroyed. It was not supposed at the time
that there was any danger. Provision was made
in the contract by which the vessel was char-
tered that war risks only from Fortress Monroe
up the James river should be taken by the Gov-
ernment. When the parties saw that, they
demurred, and said they understood the Gov-
ernment was to take the war risk all the way.
The quartermaster said there was no war risk
to Fortress Monroe, and neverwas; butifthero
was any difficulty he supposed the Government
would settle it. The party accordingly accepted
the contract, and it was entered upon the charter
in that way. But being entered in that way
the settlement of the claim was refused. This
is the only instance of the kind. In regard to
all other vessels that passed from New York
to Fortress Monroe a settlement was made on
the ground that there were war risks given.
Mr. DELANO. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether the officers who rejected the
account did not say that they did it on technical
grounds, admitting that the ciaim was a iner-
ritoriouaone and recommending legislation on
the subject ?
Mr. WxlSHBURN, of Massachusetts. Yes,
sir, they recommended the passage of a bill to
meet the case. 1 demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
the main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time,
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
capture of jefferson davis.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported back the
bill (H. R. No. 1277) to provide for the distri-
bution of the reward offered by the President
of the United States for the capture of Jefferson
Davis.
Mr. UPSON. That bill makes an appropri-
ation, and I think it should be referred to a
Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman makes
that point., the Clerk will read the bill in full,
and the Chair will see if it contains an appro-
priation.
Mr. UPSON. I do. I desire to have the
matter debated somewhat.
