•'21&
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
He. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Lynch.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
essential to the harmony of our system and to the re-
sponsibility of the President to the people. He is a
trustee tor them, and that he may be held to a strict
account of his stewardship the individuality and ex-
elusivcness of the power with which he is clothed ara
not to be questioned. And if Congress meddle with
it they become trespassers—their act is an imperti-
nent nullity, and the President is not to be impeached
for disregarding it.
"Now, sir, see what the Constitution says about his
appointing power. Article two, section two, says:
" He shall have power, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided
two thirds of the Senators picsent concur; and he
shall nominate, and by and with the advice and eon-
sent of the Senate shall appoint, embassadors, other
Sublic ministers and consuls, judges ot the Supreme
ourt, and all other otfiecrs of the United^ States
whose appointments are not herein otherwise pro-
, videdfor. and which shall be established by law;
but the Congress may by law vest the appointment
of such inferior officers as they think proper in the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads
of Departments."
Could there be a more complete refutation
of the gentleman's proposition, that the exec-
utive power vested in the President by the
Constitution necessarily carried with it the
power of appointment and removal from office?
CouM there be a more conclusive answer to
his whole argument on this head than is fur-
nished by the last clause of the gentleman's
quotation from article two, section two, of the
Constitution? " But the Congress may by law
vfest the appointment of such inferior officers as
they think proper in the President alone, in
the courts of law, or in the heads of Depart-
ments." Hete we see that this appointing
power, which according to the gentleman be-
longs so exclusively to the President by virtue
of his office', that if Congress meddle with it
they become trespassers, and their acts are to
be treated as impertinent nulities, is, by the
Constitution itself, in express terms placed so
far undec the control and jurisdiction of Con-
gress that they may divest ihe President of it,
{se fer as. all inferior officers are concerned,)
and vest-it exclusively in the Supreme Court.
Or they may (as they have done) by law vest
the power to appoint certain inferior officers
in heads ©f Departments, transferring it from
time to time, at their discretion, to the Presi-
dent. The appointment of other inferior offi-
cers they have vested in the Supreme Court;
and they have, I believe, the power to vest the
appointment of the heads of Departments in
the Supreme Court.
The President being the chief executive offi-
cer, it follows that all below him must be in-
ferior; and as the Constitution, in giving to
Congress this authority to transfer the appoint-
ing power, makes no discrimination and fixes
no limitation within the range of inferior offi-
cers of grade to which the power should apply,
I think it clearly includes all executive officers
below the President, except those whose ap-
pointment is, by the Constitution, specifically
vested in the President. But the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,] m
speaking, of the officers to which this clause
applies, says:
"They could not be heads of Departments, for the
power to appoint inferior officers might be vested in
bends of Departments, and the Constitution was not
guilty of the solecism of making heads of Depart-
ments ap^omtable" by themselves."
If Congress could only vest this power of
appointment .in heads of Departments this
point would be well taken; but they can by
law rest the power to appoint heads of Depart-
ments in the President alone or in the courts
of law, allowingthe heads of Departments to
appoint officers inferior to themselves. The
gentleman says this whole question was settled,
as a matter of constitutional construction, by
the First Congress. The First Congress had
the same constitutional power and authority
to construe the Constitution as has the present
Congress—no more, no less 5 apd they never
assumed any such authority as is here claimed
for them. No Congress is. bound (except in
the fulfillment of the obligations of contracts)
by th6 action of its predecessor. Bach must
judge for itself of the constitutionality of the
acts it is called upon to consider and pass. I
have carefully read the debates in the First
Congress establishing the Executive Depart-
ments of the Government, referred to b/ the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woou-
WAitD,] and have them now before me.
May 19,1789, the act to establish the Depart-
ment of Foreign Affairs being under .consid-
eration, Mr. Smith, of South Carolina, moved
to strike out the words " who shall be appointed
by the President by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate." He conceived the
words to be unnecessary; besides it lobked as
if they were conferring power, which was not
the case, for the Constitution had expressly
given the power of appointment in the words
there used. He also objected to the subse-
quentpartof the paragraph, becauseit declared
the President alone to have the power of re-
moval. The words " who shall be appointed by
the President by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate" were stricken out. The
debate upon striking out the words "to be re-
movable by the President" was continued at
great length, some members affirming and
others denying that the Constitution conferred
the power of removal upon the President.
The arguments in favor of retaining the words
in the bill were based principally upon its ex-
pediency. It was contended that the power
should have been, rather than that it was, con-
ferred by the Constitution. The inference is
that the majority did not believe the power of
removal vested by the Constitution in the Pres-
ident, hence the necessity of conferring it by
legislativeaction. The minority didnotbelieve
the Constitution vested the power in the Pres-
ident, and were opposed to conferring it upon
him. In closing the debate, Mr. Sherman said :
" I wish, Mr. Chairman, that the words may be left
out oi the bill, without giving up the question either
way as to the propriety of the measure. Many of the
honorable gentlemen who advocate this clause have
labored to show that the President has, constitution-
ally, the power of removal. It this be a well-founded
opinion, they ought not to let the words remain in
ttie bill, because they are of such a nature as to
imply that he had not the power bolore it was
granted him by the law.
"If gentlemen would eonsant to make a general
law, declaring the proper mode of removal, I think
wo should acquire a greater degree of unanimity,
which, on this occasion, must be better than carrying
the question against a large majority.
"Tiie call for the question being now very general,
it was put, shall the words ' to be removable by the
President' be struck out?
"it was determined in the negative—there being
yeas 20, nays 31."
The question of striking out. in the Senate
was decided in the negative by the casting vote
of the Vice President.
The fact that this power of removal was con-
ferred upon President Washington at a time
when the Federal party (whose policy it was to
strengthen the executive department) was in
power by the casting vote of the Vice Presi-
dent, shows how jealously our fathers guarded
the rights of the people. And the fact that the
Democratic party of to-day are claiming for
Andrew Johnson autocratic powers, shows how
far that party has fallen from its early preten-
sions as guardians of republican liberty against
the encroachments of executive power.
As I have shown, the First Congress, in the
exercise of its legislative power, conferred upon
George Washington the authority to remove
certain civil officers. In March last the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, in the exercise of the same
constitutional prerogative, limited the power of
Andrew Johnson over removals by. the passage
of the bill known as the civil-tenure bill." The
first section reads:
"That every person holding any civil office to
which he has been appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and every person who
shall hereafter bo appointed to any office, and shall
become duly qualified to act therein, is, and shall be,
entitled to hold such office until a successor shall
have been in like manner appointed and duly quali-
fied. except as herein otherwise provided: Provided,
That the Secretaries of State, of tho Treasury, of
War; of the Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmas-
ter General, and the Attorney General shall hold their
offices respectively for and during the term of the
President' by whom they have been appointed, and
for one month thereafter, subject to removal by and
with tho advice and consent of the Senate."
And the sixth section provides—
" That every removal, appointment, or employ-
ment made, had, or exercised contrary to the provis-
ions of this act, and the making, signing, sealing,
countersigning, or issuing of any commission or letter
ot authority for or in respect to any such appoint-
ment or employment, shall be deemed, and arc here-
by declared to be, high misdemeanor?, and upon trial
and conviction thereof every person guilty thereof
shall be- punished by a fine not exceeding $10,000, or
by imprisonment" not exceeding five years, or both
said punishments, in the discretion of the court."
It is contended by gentlemen on the .other
side of the House that the removal of Secre-
tary Stanton is, not prohibited by section six,
as he was appointed by Mr. Lincoln and not
by Mr. Johnson, and consequently that his
term of office expired one month after the death
of Mr. Lincoln. They maintain that the term
of Mr. Lincoln terminated with his death. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] says:
"The term became Mr. Johnson's term for its un-
finished period, as much so as the right to possession
of the White House, the right to the salary, or to any
ot* the perquisites and functions of the office. It would
be as unreasonable to call Mr. Johnson's possession
of these Mr. Lincoln's possession, or Mr. Johnson's
administration Mr. Lincoln's administration, a3 to
call Mr. Johnson's term of office Mr. Lincoln's term.
Neither in popular language nor in constitutional
phr<ise can sucti a misnomer be found. It would be
as absurd as to confound their names or the identity
of their persons."
The Constitution, article two. section one,
speaking of the President, says ;
"Ho shall hold his office during the term of four
years."
And the same section further declares :
"In ease of the removal of tho. President from
office, or his death, resignation, or inability to dis-
charge tho powers and duties of said office, the same
shall devolve on the Vice President."
The term for which Mr. Lincoln was elected
commenced March 4,1803, and will end March
4, 1869. The death of Mr. Lincoln did not
affect the term for which he was elected. That
is fixed by the Constitution. Upon his death
"the powers and duties of said office devolved
upon the Vice President" (Mr. Johnson) for
the unexpired term of Mr. Lincoln. If, as
the gentleman contends, this is Mr. Johnson's
term, it does not expire on the 4th day of
March, 1869, for the Constitution in express
terras provides that the presidential term shall
be four years, and this construction is in strict
accordance with "popular language and consti-
tutional phrase." The term of a Senator is
fixed at six years and that of a Representa-
tive at two years. The powers and duties ot
their offices do not devolve on any officer infe-
rior to them in ease of death or resignation ;
but a successor is chosen—for how long ? For
a term? No; but to fill the unexpired term
of his predecessor. The language of the pro-
viso is "the Secretary, of State," &c., "shall
hold their respective offices." Does this lan-
guage imply that the act is retroactive in its
operation ?
At the expiration of one month after President
Lincoln's second inauguration or death Mr.
Stanton was lawfully holding, and continued
lawfully to hold, the office of Secretary of War.
The fixing of a limited term of this office, by
the tBnure-of-offiee act, in no way affected such
holding. It could not and did not attempt to
do so. It only aimed to act upon the future.
By the proviso the power of the President to
remove a Cabinet officer without the advice
and consent of the Senate was absolutely taken
away during the term.
If, as the gentlemen contend, the present
Secretary of War is not included in the proviso,
then he is a person holding a civil office, as
mentioned in the body of the section, a.nd re-
movable only as therein provided. The seetioa
in terras includes every one holding civil office
by appointment, with the advice and consent
of the Senate, at the time of the passage of the
act, March 2, 1867. Mr. Stanton so held the
