S32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
of providing additional securities for the exercise of
the elective franchise in said State?; and also to con-
sider the expediency ot declaring by act of Congress
that the governments heretolore set up in said States
by the order <?f the President are not republican
forms of government.
Mr. UPSON. I will accept that as an
amendment to my resolution, and I now renew
the demand lor the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman ac-
cept it as a substitute for his resolution?
Mr. UPSON. No; as an addition.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman from
Michigan will withdraw the demand for the
previous question I will move to amend his
resolution so as to make it mandatory on the
committee to report a bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that will not be ,
done.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman with-
draws the previous question and debate arises
the resolution will go over.
Mr. UPSON. I prefer to leave the resolu-
tion as it is.
Mr. CH ANLER. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table; and on that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 28, nays 86, not voting
72 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beck
Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Eldridge, Getz,
Glosabronner, Grover, Johnson, Kerr, Knott, Mar-
shall, Morgan, Morrissey, Nicholson, Phelps, Pruyn,
Randall. Ross, Sitgreaves, Stone, Van Trump, and
Wood—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Ben-
jamin. Bingham, Blaine. Boutwell, Broomall,Buck-
land, Butler, Cake, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cullom,
Dawes, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eggleston, .Ela,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Garfield. Gravely, Hard-
ing, Hawkins, Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel W.Hubbard,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes. Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Kelscy, Koontz, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan,
Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy, McClurg,
McCormick, Mercur, Miller, Morrell, Myers, O'Neill,
Ortb, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike, Plants, Polsley,
Price, Raum, Schcnck, Scofiehl, Spalding, Stark-
weather. Aaron F. Stevens,ThaddeusStevens, Stokes,
Taylor. Thomas Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, flohn T.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—-86.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Amell, James M.
Ashley, Barnes, Barnum, Benton, Blair, Bromwell,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Coburn, Cook,Cornell,
Covode, Dixon, Eckley, Ferry, Fields, Finney, Fox,
Goiladay, Griswold, Haight, Halsey. Higby, Hill, Hol-
man, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D.
Hubbard, llulburd, Humphrey, Jones, Ketcham.
Kitchcn, Laflin. George V. Lawrence. Lincoln, Mal-
lory, Marvin, McCullough, Moore, Moorhead, Mul-
lins.Mungen,Newcomb, Niblack, Nunn.Pile,Poland,
Pomeroy, Robertson, Robinson, Sawyer, Selye,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith, Stewart, Taber, Taife,
Trimble, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn,
Van Wyck, William B. Washburn, Welkcr, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, James F. Wilson, and
W ood ward—72.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the-table.
The question recurred upon seconding the
call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question was ordered ; and underthe
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
Also moved that the motion to reconsider be
-laid on the table.
Jhe latter motion was agreed to.
FIFTIETH WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. COBB submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be and they are hereby instructed to inquire into
the expediency of placing the officers of the "fiftieth
regiment of Wisconsin volunteers on the same foot-
ing in respect to the three months' extra pay proper
as though they had been mustered into tho service
of'the United States at the time of the passage of
the act granting Buch extra pay to certain officers,
Jtc.; and that they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
ou the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. HOPKINS submitted the following res-
olution' ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to: I
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands bo
instructed to inquire into the expediency ot subject-
ing to entry under tho homestead law, and of offer-
ing for sale and preemption for actual settlement, all
the unsold even-numbered sections and parts of sec-
tions of the public lands remaining unsold along the
lines of railroads, when the odd-numbered sections
have been granted or reserved to aid in the construc-
tion of said roads, on tho same terms that other
Government lands are now disposed of.
THANKS TO GENERAL HANCOCK.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I submit the following
joint resolution, and call the previous ques-
tion upon its adoption: i
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representa-
tives in Congress assembled. That the thanks of Con-
gress aro hereby tondered to Major General Winfield
S. Hancock for his wise, patriotic, and timoly recog-
nition of the first rights of the citizen, and of the
great principles of constitutional liberty, expressed
in the order issued by him upon assuming the com-
mand of the " filth military district" so called, and
for his prompt determination to restore and main-
tain the supremacy of the civil law within the limits '
of his command.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec- 1
ond time. !
The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question upon ordering the joint resolu- i
tion to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge]
withdraw thg call for the previous question in ;
order to allow ma to offer an amendment to
his resolution ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will hear the amend-
ment read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to amend by adding the following:
Resolved, That we utterly condemn the conduct
of Andrew Johnson, acting President of the United
States, for his action in removing that gallant sol-
dier Major General P. H. Sheridan from the com-
i mand of the fifth military district; and that the
thanks of this House are due to General U. S. Grant,
commanding the armies of the United States, for his
letter of August last, addressed to the said acting
President, in relation to the removal of Hon. E. M.
Stanton and of General Sheridan, as well as for his
indorsement on a letter of General Sheridan, dated
January 25, 1867, in relation to matters in Texas.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I cannot yield for that
amendment. I do not think there is another
gentleman in or out of Congress who agrees
with the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burne] in that.
Mr. WARD. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the motion to lay on the table will be with-
drawn.
Mr. WARD. I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I renew the motion
to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays" on that motion. •
Mr. PLANTS. Will the gentleman yield
to permit me to offer an amendment?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I cannot withdraw for
any humbug resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay the
resolution on the table is pending.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the House should re-
fuse to lay the resolution on the table and
should also refuse to sustain the previous ques-
tion, will not the resolution then be open to
amendment so as to change it from one of
approbation to one of censure?
The SPEAKER. Should the resolution give
rise to debate it will go over under the rule.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Are not all questions of
that kind in the nature of arguments?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is always will-
ing to answer inquiries in relation to the par-
liamentary effect of any motion that may be
pending.
The question was then taken upon laying the
joint resolution on the table; and it was'
decided in the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 28,
not voting 73 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, Bailey,
Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton,
Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Broomall, Buckland, But-
ler, Cake, Cary, Sidney Clarke, Cobb. Cullom, DaweS,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Egsleston, El a, Farnswoi th.
Ferriss, Garfield, Gravely, Harding, Higby, Hooper,
Hopkins,Hunter, Jenckes, Judd,Julian, Kelley, Ivt 1-
Pike, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Price, llaum, bchenck
Ward,Cadwaladcr C.Washburn, Elihu B.Washburne,
Henry D. Washburn, John T. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Adnms, Archer, Axtell, Beck,
Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Chanler, Eldridge, Getz, Glosa-
brenner, Grover, Johnson, Kerr, Knott, Marshall,
McCormick, Morgan, Morrissey, Nicholson, Phelps,
Pruyn, Randall, lioasi, Sitgreaves, Stone, Van Trump,
and Wood—28.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley.
James M. Ashley, Barnes, Barnum, Blair, Bromwell,
Churchill,Reader W. Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Cornell,
Covode, Dixon, Eckley, Eliot, Ferry, Fields, Finney,
Fox, Goiladay, Griswold, Ilaigbt, Halsey,Hamilton,
Hawkins, Hill. Holman, Hotchkiss. Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, llul-
burd, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jones, Ketcham,Kitchen,
Lallin, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Mai lory,
Marvin, McClurg, McCullough, Moore, Moorhead,
Mullins, Mungen, Newcomb, Niblack, Nunn, Pile,
Pomeroy. Robertson, Robinson, Sawyer, Selye,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith, Stewart, Taber, Taffe,
Van Aernam, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Van
Wyck, William B. Washburn. Wclker, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, James F. Wilson, and
W oodward—73.
The joint resolution was laid on the table.
SEIZURES OF WHISKY, ETC.
Mr. ALLISON submitted the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo,
and is hereby, directed to report to this House the
quantity of whisky which has been seized in the
cities of New York and Brooklyn ; the quantity con-
demned and the quantity Sold, together with tho
amount received into the Treasury from such sale;
also the amount now on hand in the possession of
the Government.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for ex-
ecutive information, unanimous -consent is
necessary for its consideration on this day.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and adopted.
PRESIDENT JOHNSON GENERAL GRANT.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I submit
the following resolution, on which I demand
the previous question:
Jtesolvtd, That this House utterly condemns the
conduct of Andrew Johnson, acting President of the
United States, for his action in removing thatpnl-
lant soldier. Major General P. II. Sheridan, from tho
command of the fifth military district, and that the
thanks of this House are due to General U. S. Grant,
commanding the armies of the United States, for his
letter of August last, addressed to the said acting
President, in relation to frhe removal of Hon". E. M.
Stanton and of General Sheridan, as well as for his
indorsement on a letter of General Sheridan, dated
January 25,1867, in relation to matters in Texas.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, is not this
resolution susceptible of division ? It seems
to me to embrace two distinct propositions.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is divisi-
ble.
Mr. CHANLER. I call, then, for a division.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn]
whether he will not consent to an amendment
thanking General Grant for the letter which
was called "the whitewashing letter," recom-
mending the prompt admission of representa-
tives from the southern States ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I cannot
yield for such an amendment.
The question being on seconding the demand
for the previous question, there were—ayes
53, noes 27 ; no quorum voting.
The Speaker, under the rules, ordered tell-
ers; and appointed Mr. Washburn of Wis-
consin and Mr. Chanler.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 69, noes 3'J.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. BOYER. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table ; and on that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Ciiaxi-Eh] di sire that the
resolution shall be divided belore the questioa
is taken on laying on the table?
Mr. CHANLER. I desired a division of
