1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
40th Gong....2d Sess.
Finances—Mr. Burr.
Ho. of Reps.
civil office of Secretary of War on that day.
Thesection makes no exceptions, save by inclu-
sion in its proviso. If the case of Mr. Stanton
is not included in the proviso it is contained
and provided for by the body of the section,
and he is not removable save by the advice
and consent of the Senate.
Let us see how Mr. Johnson himself con-
strued the act. In returning it to the Senate
with his objections, March 2, 1867, he says:
"la effect the bill provides that the Presidentshall
not remove irorn their places any ot the civii officers
whose terras of soi-vice arc not limited by law with-
out the advice and consent of the Senate."
Section two of the act provides that if an
officer during the recess of the Senate be guilty
of crime or misconduct in office, or from any
cause becomes disqualified from performing
its duties, in such case, and no other, the Pres-
ident may suspend such officer, and designate
some suitable person to perforin temporarily
the duties of such office until the next meeting
of the Senate, and until the case shall be acted
upon by the Senate : that it shall be the duty of
the President within twenty days after the first
day of such next meeting of the Senate to re-
port to the Senate such suspension, with the
evidence and reasons for his action in the case,
and the name of the person so designated to
perforin the dunes of said office.
During the recess of the Senate Mr. John-
son suspended Mr. Slanton and designated
General Grant to perform the duties of the
office ad interim. Within twenty days after
the meeting of the Senate he sent in his rea-
sons for the suspension, all in exact accordance
with the requirements of this law and under
the authority of no other law, as there is no
other law authorizing such temporary appoint-
ment of a civil officer. The Senate disap-
proved of the removal of Mr. Stanton and
reinstated him, when Mr. Johnson attempts to
remove him again, in defiance of law. Under
these circumstances how can it be claimed that
Mr. Johnson understood the law differently
from Congress?
But, sir, it is urged that something more
than an unconstitutional act of the President
must be shown in order to justify his impeach-
ment. All men are liable to err in opinion,
and an unauthorized official act may be the
result simply of an honest error of judgment,
and as such furnishes no good ground for dis-
missal from olfice. To justify removal by
impeachment there must be shown an evil pur-
pose, a willful disposition to disregard the laws,
a cherished intent to violate the Constitution,
to usurp unlawful power, to disturb the public
peace, and prevent the public prosperity. That
on the part of Andrew Johnson there have been
in the performance of the act which is the chief
basis of the proposed articles of impeachment
such purpose, disposition, and intent is easy
to prove.
That his violation of the laws of Congress
was deliberate and premeditated, and that his
purpose was to sustain his usurpation of au-
thority by force, had he not been thwarted by
the General of the Army and the Secretary of
War, is clearly indicated by the following ex-
tract from his annual message, submitted to
the present Congress on its assembling in De-
cember last:
" How far the duty of the President ' to preserve,
protect, and defend the Constitution' requires hiin
to go in opposing an unconstitutional act of Congress
is a very serious and important question, on which I
have deliberated much and felt extremely anxious
to reach a proper conclusion. Where an act has been
passed according to th.e fonns of the Constitution by
the supreme legislative authority and is regularly
enrolled among the public statutes,of the cornUry
executive resistance to it, especially in times of high
party excitement, would be likely to produce violent
collision between the respective adherents of the
two branches of the Government. This would be
simply civil war; and civil war must be resorted to
only as the last remedy for the worst, of evils. What-
ever might tend to provoke it should be most care-
fully avoided, A faithful and conscientious Magis-
trate will concede veiy much to honest error, and
sometimes even to perverse malice, before he will
endanger the public peace; he will not adopt forci-
ble measures or such as might load to force so long
as those which are peaceable remain open to him
or his constituents. It is true that cases may occur
in which the Executive would be eoaipelled to stand
on its rights and maintain them regardless of all
conseq,ucnccs."
Here is a President of the United States
deliberating upon what? How far is he re-
quired to go in opposing an act of Congress
which he may deem unconstitutional? He is
contemplating executive resistance to an enact-
ment passed in constitutional form by the
supreme legislative authority, and regularly
enrolled among the public statutes. Such
resistance as would lead to violent collision
and produce civil war. He is studying the
limit of concession beyond which he may pro-
ceed to endanger the public peace. He is
considering cases where lie must resort to for-
cible measures, or measures which lead to force,
regardless of all consequences. These are his
forms of expression, his very phrases. And
they indicate, not that he is meditating a resort
to the adjudication of the courts, an appeal to
the judicial tribunals, or any lawful arbitrament
under the Constitution; but that his thoughts
dwell on revolutionary measures of violent col-
lision and civil war. Has any previous Presi-
dent of the United States furnished any prece-
dent for the use of such language in his message
to Congress? Not one. This extraordinary
and revolutionary language, addressed by an
executive officer to the people's Representa-
tives, has no parallel in the annals of our coun-
try. Its counterpart is only to be found in the
proclamations of usurpers of thelibertiesof the
people. In the lightoft.he.se and other previous
declarations of the dark workings of the Presi-
dent's mind it is easy to see that his attempted
removal of Secretary Stanton from theWar De-
partment was a first step in opposition to an apt
of Congress. His efforts to induce the General
of the Army to retain or surrender the office of
Secretary of War ad interim "in the interest
of the President," against the authority of the
Senate, was a piece of executive resistance
likely to produce violent collision and civil war.
His appointment of Adjutant General Thomas
to the office of Secretary of War ad interim, the
same not then being vacant, but lawfully filled,
wasa forcible measure, or one leading to force.
And his conversations with General Emory
and Lieutenant Colonel Wallace were inqui-
ries for means which would enable the Execu-
tive "to stand on his rights and maintain them
regardless of all consequences." Acts like
these, following, as they did. previous declara-
tions, showing such revolutionary and usurp-
ing intent, cannot be attributed to the motive
of a mere honest opinion. They are not con-
sistent with the character of a loyal and law-
abiding officer. 'They do not spring from the
patriotic zeal of an Executive intent merely
upon preserving, protecting, and defending the
Constitution. On the other hand, they partake
of the character of the lawless aggressions of
an Executive willing to subvert the Constitu-
tion for the success of his own schemes and
the perpetuation of his own power.
Finances.
SPEECH OP HON. ALBERT G. BURR,
of illinois,
1st toe House of Representatives,
February 24, 1868,
Xn Committee of the Wholo oji the state of the
Union.
Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, in this moment
of intense excitement it is my privilege to
occupy for an hour the attention of the House ;
and not desiring to add in any degree to the
wildness of the hour by an irregular discussion
of recent events or action contemplated, cither
by the President or the Congress, I will devote
my brief hour to the consideration of matters
tha,t will be of great and continuing interest to
the people long after the excitement of to-day
shall have subsided and the action of to-day
passed into history.
Before, however, entering into a discussion
of the financial affairs of the Government, on
which I have decided to speak, I must notice
briefly the speech to which we have just lis-
tened from the eloquent Representative from
Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.] Assuming, as he does,
to be one of the leaders of the majority oa
this floor, lie has chosen on this occasion to
arraign the present Administration for its deeds
and misdeeds, and, in tones of most impudent
coolness, tells this House that the present is a
Democratic Administration. Yes, sir; he
asserts truthfully that great corruption exists
to-day in the administration of public affairs;
that extravagance marks our expenditures;
and adds that, so far as congressional action
is responsible, it has all been in answer to the
demands of "this Democratic Administra-
tion !"
Now, sir, it is news to me, and the country
will be astonished to learn that any act of this
Congress has been in answer to the existing
Administration. On the contrary, every aet-,
every rule, every resolution, every bill, has been
intended to be, and in fact has been, in defi-
ance of the Administration. Public expendi-
tures have been diminished in such directions
as Congress could diminish them unjustly and
to the detriment of the President and most of
his Cabinet officers; hut then not for the pur-
pose of economy, but from the motives of
malice and resentment. And, sir, in dismiss-
ing a few executive clerks heretofore aiding
the President, Congress claims great credit
for economy, expending, in the meantime,
untold millions in furtherance of unconstitu-
tional plans and projects, not only without
executive demand, but against executive re-
monstrance and protest.
But, sir, I am curious to know when this
became, in the language of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Lawhenoe,] a "Democratic
Administration." Was the present occupant
of the White Plouse elected by Democrats?
Be he right in policy or wrong in principle ; be
his intentions good or his purpose bad: I did
not vote for him ; did my friend from Ohio ?
And looking beyond the Chief Magistrate to
his Cabinet, what one of them owes his posi-
tion to his Democracy ? What one went into
his Cabinet because of past services to the
party—or even because of present accepta-
bility to it? None. When the great State of
New York sent her illustrious Senator (Mr.
Seward) into the Cabinet of Mr. Lincoln
was he sent as a Democrat? When Mr. Lin-
coln called to his councils, as the successor of
his former Secretary of the Treasury (Mr.
Chase) a prominent citizen of Indiana, of
spotless reputation and known integrity, did
he call him as a Democrat? When New Eng-
land sent here as her contribution to the Navy
Department her "old Man of the Sea," with
flowing beard and lofty bearing, did she send
him as a Democrat? When he who had, by
Republican votes, held the office of Governor of
Wisconsin, left all other fields of labor and
honor toacceptthe position of Postmaster Gen-
eral, did he enter the Cabinet as a Democrat?
When the death of Senator Douglas was an-
nounced to the country in 1801, and it became
necessary for a Republican Governor to appoi n t,
during the vacation of the Legislature of the
State, a man to fill the place of Douglas, that Re-
publican Governor [Yates] commissioned as
the successor of Douglas a man whose whole
history was one of life antagonism to Democ-
racy, and the Republicans of Illinois gladly
indorsed his action in sending OrvilloH. Browg 
ing to the Senate. When called by Mr. John-
son from the Senate to the Department of the
Interior was the transfer made because Mr.
Browning was a Democrat? Further, when
President Lincoln made Edwin M. Stanton
Secretary of War was it the appointment of a
