8766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union accordingly resumed its session,
(Mr. Dawes in the chair.)
The CHAIHMAN stated that the pending
question was on the motion to lay aside the bill
(H. XI. No. 81) in regard to the meeting of
Congrpss.
The tellers, Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, and
Mr. Mooriiead, resumed their places.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 61. noes 35; no quorum voting.
Mr. MOOHHEAD. As there appears to be a
difficulty in getting a quorum, and as the day
is very hot. 1 move that the committee do now
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill
(H. U. No. 81) in regard to the meeting of
Congress, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
deficiency bill.
Mr. WASTIoUHNE, of Illinois. I now move
to suspend the rules so as to make it in order
for me to offer two amendments to the defi-
ciency bill. The first amendment is in regard
to payment for the improvement of streets in
Washington, with a proviso repealing the law
on that subject.; and the second amendmentis
a proviso which was objected to on Fi iday by
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Polaxd.]
The proviso, which has been modified so as to
be satisfactory to ihe gentleman from Vermont,
is for the purpose of putting an end to this prac-
tice of Government officers entering into con-
tracts for public buildings without authority of
law.
Mr. MOOllIIEAD. Iobject. Wehavenot
been able to get a quorum to-day to do other
business, and I object to going on with this busi-
ness.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Let these
amendments come in so as to be pending and
then we will adjourn.
Mr. MOOIU1EAD. I wantto have the tariff
bill pending.
The SPEAKER. That could not be pending
in the House.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Well, I withdraw the
objection.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburne's
iliotion, and there were ayes 67, noes 11 ; no
quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The quesiion was taken and there wero—ayes
36, noes 51.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wasti-
burnis's motion; and there were yeas 97,
nays 9, not voting 92 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Anderson. Delos
R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Buker, Beatty,
Benjamin, Benton, Blair, Boles, Boutwdl, Benjamin
F. Butler. Cake. Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Oburn,
Cullora, Dawes, Delano, Deweese, Donnelly, Drissjs,
Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry, French, Gn rlield, Gris-
wold, Jlalsey, Hamilton, Hawkins, Iligby, lliud-s
Hooper, Hopkins, Ilulburd, Hunter. Incrersoil,
Jenckes. Alexander II. Jones, Judd, Julian, KHIey.
Ke lsey,Kitchen,Koontz,Geo rgeV.Iaawrence,Willi am
Lawrenec. Loan. Loughridge, Lynch, MeCarthv. Mc-
Clurg, Mereur. Miller, Moore, Moorhead, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine. Perham, Peters, Pike, Pile, Plants,
Poland, Pora^roy, Price, Ilaum, Hoots, Sawyer,
Schenck, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens
Thnrtdeus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Taffo, Taylor,
Thomas, TrowbiMgc, Twichel!, Upson, Burt Van
IIorn, Robert T. Van Horn. Cadwalader 0. Wash-
burn. Elihu B. Washburne, Ilenry D. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Wilham Williams, James
Wilson, and Woodbridge—97,
NAYS—Messrs. Cobb, Grover, Chester D. Hub-
bard. Mallory, Marvin, Maynard, Mullins, Stone,
and \Vindom—9.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arnell,
Axteli, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, liarnum, Bnaman,
Beck, Bmcrliam, Blaine. Boyer, Bromweii, Brooks,
Broomall, Auckland, Burr, Roderick U. Butler, Cary,
Chanter, Reader W. Clarke. Cook, Cornell. Covode,
Dixon, Dodge, Kckley, Eggleston, Eldridge, Ferries,
Molds, Finney, Fox, Getz, Glossbrennor, Golladay,
Gravely. Haight, Hardin?,Hill, Ilolraan, Ilotchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hum- j
phioy, Johnson, Thoma* L. Jone*. Kerr, lYctcham, t
Knott, Lailin, Lincoln, Locran, Marshall, McCor-
nigiit session for pension bills.
son, Ross, Scoticld, Solve, Shellabarger, Sitgreavcs,
Starkweather, Taber, John Trimblo, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Van Aernam. Van Aukcri, \ an Irmnp,
Van Wyck, Waid, Welker, Thomas Williams. Jonn
T. Wi^on. Stephen F. Wilaou, Wood, and Wood-
ward—92.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended and the amendments were
received as pending before the House.
Mr. O'NEILL stated, dining the roll-call,
that Mr. Myers was detained at home by indis-
position.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I now
move to postpone the further consideration of
the bill and amendments until Thursday next
after the Alaska bill shall be disposed of.
Mr. WASIIBUllNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the two amendments which have just been en-
tertained under a suspension of the rules may
be considered adopted.
Mr. COBB. Ob, no; they have not even been
read.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have
no objection to those two amendments being
considered as adopted.
The SPEAKEit. if there is no objection,
they will be so considered.
Mr. MULLINS. Iobject.
The SPEAKER. The amendments are
pending.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I insist
on my motion to postpone.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. FERRY. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion, to allow me to submit
a preamble and resolution, which will give rise
to no debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will withdraw the motion
to adjourn.
otto was and oiiirpettas of michigan.
Mi'. FERRY submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution ; which were read, coil I
sidered, and adopted; j
Whereas under a treaty made between the United j
States and the Ottowa and Chippewa Indians of i
Michigan, concluded July 31, 1655, certain public j
lands therein described were withdrawn trornsale lor j
the benefit ol said Indians, aud live years granted
in which to make selections by the poisons eutuled
thereto; with the further tcrm-j f five years within
which all such lands unappropriated orunselccted
were then subject to entry, by Indians only, in the
usual manner and rate per acre as other adjacent
public lauds, and that at the expiration of said ten
years all lauds thus remaining unappropriated or
unsold bccaine disposable in the same manner as
othcrpubliclandsof the United States: and whereas,
in con>equenoeot thcnon-paymentoHuUstipulatea
annuuies l y the Government to said Indians, they
were deprived ot'mcaus to avail themselves of rights
now unavailable by limitation; aud whereas other
citizens, accepting the termination ot the period
within which such lands were so lesorvod, and by the
express terms ot said treaty believing that they were
then to be subject to entry as other public lauds pur-
chased, and under preemption audiiomestead,entered
more or less ofsaidl andb; and wheioa* the reservation
of such a tract of valuable and accessible land lor over
twelve years having greatly retarded settlement,
obstructed communication, and materially arrested
the industrial growth ot that region of the State:
Xherelore, to Anally adjuftand equitably uistributu
rights and interests involved and iuliy restore to
nuirket tho remainder ot such reservations as lie
within the fourth congressional district of said State,
Be it resolved. That the Committee on the Public |
Lands are hereby instructed to examine into the j
expediency ofsubmitlingapiau for such final,adjust- j
ment upon the following ba-us, to wit: that the!
Commissioner ot the General Land Office be author- i
ized to Lvme patents lor all i.mds appropriated for
or selected by Indians under said treaty and ior
other purchases by legular entry, and to confirm to
settlers all such lands to which bona fide preemption
or homestead rights have attached up to this date,
and the then residue ot such reservations to be offered
at public sale, ot which due notice be given, and
thereafter at private entry, but in no case sold at a
less minimum than $2 50 per acre, the proceeds
thereof to be disposed ot as follows: one half to be
equitably distributed (o the Indian claimants under
said treaty, within said district, and the other half
to be a.ppropi iatcd toward tne construction of a lake-
shore raihoad tiaversing and extending: along the
short; ot said congressional district in the lower pen-
insula, and that the committee report by bill or
othorwise.
Mr. MILLER. I ask unanimous consent
for the consideration of the following resolu-
tion at this time:
Iletolwxl, That there be a session of this House <™
"Wednesday evening next, to consider repuits Iron
tho Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform
tlio gentleman that the Committee of Elections
have notified the House that they intend to
call up two contested-election eases from Mis-
souri on Wednesday next.
Mr. MILLER. I will change the time to
Thursday evening next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
resolution provide that the business of that
session shall be limited to the consideration
of pension bills.
Mr. MILLER. Yery well ; I modify my
resolution so as to provide for a session on
Tlmr-day evening next, to be confined to the
consideration of reports from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
The resolution, as modified, was then agreed
to by unanimous consent.
civil service hill.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask unanimous consent
that it bo ordered that the civil service bill
shall be taken up for consideration immediately
after the Ilou^e shall have disposed of the
appropriation bills which have just been post-
poned.
Mr. COBB and Mr. KELSEY objected.
Mr. J EX OK BS. 1 move that the rules bo
suspended, aud that it be ordered that the
civil service bill be taken up for consideration
as soon as the pending appropriations bills
shall have been disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will include in his motion all the
appropriation bills. 1 am in favor of the civil
service bill, but I do not want it to antagonize
with the appropriation bills.
Mr. J ENCKES. L do not intend that it shall.
I will modily my motion in accordance with
the suggestion of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Washburne.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave to
state that, it will be difficult to tell when the bill
will be reached.
Mr. COBB. There are some of us who are
opposed at. any and at all times to taking up
bills out of their regular order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would ask the gentle-
man from Rhode Island [Mr. Jexckes] to
except the tax bill, also, should it come back
from the Senate before tho appropriation bills
are all disposed of.
Mr. JENCKES. I will agree to that. I
move that the rules be suspended, and that tho
civil service bill be assigned for consideration
in the House as soon as the appropriation bills
shall have been disposed of, and also the tax
bill, should it come back from the Senate before
the appropriation bills have been disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot tell
when the bill will be reached. However, the
House has heard the motion of the gentleman,
and it is for members to decide.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to suspend the rules; and upon a division there
were—ayes 51. noes 38; no quorum voting.
Mr. JENCKES. I call lor the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The question was taken upon the motion to
adjourn; and upon a division there were—ayes
51, noes 30.
So the motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock p. m.j the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, kc., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
com mittees:
_ By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: A memo-
rial of W. it. Laughlin, for himself and on
