218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. of Beps.
Finances—Mr. Burr.
40th Cong....2d
Democrat? And when Mr. Johnson appointed
Mr. Stanberry Attorney General, did he ap"-
point him as a Democrat?
Letgentlemen, when they call this a " Dem-
ocratic Administration" reflect on the ridicu-
lous position they assume before the people.
We confidently expect, sir, to have a Demo-
cratic Administration after the next presiden-
tial election; until then we decline both the
honor and the responsibility.
Why, Mr. Speaker, it would be very con-
venient for these Radical legislators, after
bringing the country to the verge of bank-
ruptcy and disrupting the Union by the expul-
sion of ten States from the great family rep-
resented by the flashing constellation of stars
on our national banner, to answer public
indignation and avoid public condemnation by
pointing their unholy and polluted fingers at
the President and his Cabinet and say, "They
are responsible; we only did it in answer to a
Democratic Administration."
If this Administration be as odious as they as-
sume, how can they expect the people to trust
them in selecting another? What assurance
do they give that they will not repeat the sad
mistake they made in selecting- the present
officers? If they have made, as they claim,
an almost fatal mistake in selecting those whose
lives and principles were known and read of
oil men, do they think the people will acquiesce
in their selection of one whose principles are
unknown ? Do they know the true full senti-
ments of him they now purpose to trust? If so
how? Should some Radical tell us how he
knows the political sentiments of General Grant
his answer would be poetic—
"I know by the smoke that so gracefully curls,
T'is a statesman X see firm and true—
For the circle of smoke which so rapidly whirls
From his lips has the color of blue."
But, sir, to the subjects embraced in the
speech ofmy friend from Ohio, [Mr.LAWBENCK,]
1 will ask the brief attention of the House, and
will try to show that under Radical rule there
is no hope of financial relief to the people,
while under the control of the Democracy our
burdens can be lessened, our debts honestly
paid, and our country saved from financial and
political ruin.
I ask attention first, sir, to some thoughts
bearing upon the subject of our national debt.
On the 1st day of this month the amount of
that "national blessing" was over and above
cash on hand $2,527,315,373 19. But why
array figures or refer to numerals when from
their very magnitude they are incomprehen-
sible ? That debt amounts to about eighty dol-
lars for every man, woman, and child in the
United States. Of this aggregate sum, $2,000,-
000,000 in round numbers, is drawing interest
payable in gold ; $300,000,000, in round num-
bers, is drawing interest in currency, and exclu-
sive of the matured debt not presented for pay-
ment, about four hundred and eighteen millions
drawingno interest whatever. Ofthedebtbear-
ing gold interest much the larger portion is
made up of the six per cent, five-twenty bonds,
which mature in five years from date of issue
or run the period of twenty years, at the op-
tion of the Government. Many of these bonds
have already been out more than five years,
others are by that measure of time rapidly
maturing, and within a very brief period all
will have been five years in circulation and
liable to be taken up by the Government as a
right reserved in the law under which they
were issued. Outstanding as they now are,
and drawing interest payable semi-annually iu
gold, the cost to the people to furnish gold
to meet that interest is immense and griev-
•iHRsly burdensome. Six per cent, interest on
§2,000,000,000, the amount of indebtedness
bearing gold interest, is $120,000,000. An
immense sum, sir, truly, for our people to pay
every year. Why, sir, this yearly interest alone
is more in twelve months than was required
to pay all the expenses of Government dur-
ing three years of war with Great Britain.
Yes, sir, fifty per cent, more; for the whole ex-
pense of our Government during that period
of war, lasting three years, and including cost
of Army and Navy, was only seventy-six mil-
lion and some odd dollars, against §120,600,-
000 of this yearly interest.
But, sir, this is not all. Growing out of this
system of bonded indebtedness is an aristoc-
racy taking root in our soil, nourished by the
shoddyites of capital and protected by national
legislation. It is not an aristocracy of rank
and title truly, but may be the stepping-stone
to both. Nor is it an aristocracy of intellect
nor yet of labor ; for both intellect and labor
are subservient to it and taxed for its support.
It is an odious aristocracy of wealth, of priv-
ilege ; and this aristocracy has, as I said, the
sanction of law—yes, is directly established
and maintained by law. Whatever legislation
imposes burdens on one class and bestows
corresponding advantages upon another is cre-
ating and protecting an aristocracy. Now, sir,
while the masses of our people are paying this
enormous semi-annual interest, they are re-
quired to pay it, not in that common circulat-
ing medium called "money," which pays all
ordinary debts; which pays the farmer for his
produce, the mechanic for his labor, the mer-
chant for his wares, and the wounded soldier
for his sacrifices and his services; but the
masses are required to pay this tribute in gold.
But as gold is no longer circulating as money,
but is only a commodity of trade, classing with
jewelry and precious stones, the difference
between the value of the circulating medium
and gold must be added to ascertain the amount
which this yearly interest really costs the people.
Thartlifferenee I assume to average thirty-
three percent., which, added to the gold sum ot
interest, makes $40,000,000 more, or a total of
$160,000,000 yearly for interest on only a part
of our public debt. And, sir, these bonds, thus
burdening our people by the continual drain
upon our Treasury to meet gold interest, are
increasing in amounts daily. The seven-thirty
Treasury notes are being continually converted
into this class of indebtedness. By the middle
of July next the small sum of $200,000,000
will be added to this gold interest-bearing debt
from the conversion of these seven-thirty
Treasury notes alone, thus increasing the bur-
dens to the people in paying gold interest on
that much more bonds. But, still further, they
are being increased by another process shown
by comparing any of the monthly statements
of the public debt. Our Treasury notes, which
are a legal tender, and which bear no interest
at all, are decreasing in quantity, and the in-
terest-bearing bonds are increasing in propor-
tion. These notes and bonds are both debts
against the Government, or rather they are
evidence of indebtedness to that extent, the
one drawing interest in gold, the other bearing
no interest whatever.
Now, sir, why not reverse this policy and
increase the quantity of paper bearing no
interest, at the same time and to the same
extent reducing the amount of paper that does
bear interest? Suppose a man of ordinary
business capacity to oweanote of $1,000bear-
ing interest and another of like sum bearing
no interest; suppose, further, he can make a
payment of $500 on one of these notes, will he
hesitate as to which should receive the pay-
ment? Certainly we would not expect him to
execute still another note bearing interest in
order to procure means with which to pay off
his note bearing no interest at all. Yet this
is just what we are doing day by day. Every
time that some "loyal citizen comes to the
rescue of his Government" and buys its bonds
the Government, in the exchange, increases the
debt that bears interest and receives in pay-
ment for that debt an equal amount of indebt-
edness bearing no interest.
By this process greenbacks are going out
of circulation and into the Treasury, while
bonds are going out of the Treasury into the
pockets of an aristocracy who are to-day con-
trolling the financial affairs of the Govern-
ment. And, as if to make the enormity of this
proceeding more palpable, these bonds are
issued in denominations so large as to prohibit
any but rich men from handling them ; and
then, by the most shameful and barefaced par-
tiality for this privileged few who hold these
privileged bonds, they are by law made free
from assessment byany State, county, district,
or city, and thereby a very large proportion of
the wealth of the country is exempted from
taxation; and that, as 1 have said, is in the
hands of rich men. But while this wealth is
free from taxation and semi-annually drawing
its gold interest the expenses of the Govern-
ment are still going on and must be paid. And
by whom paid ? Not by the rich man, for he
has transferred all his taxable property into
bonds and laughs at the collector of taxes.
His millions, which in better days bore a share
of taxation, are now exempt without decreas-
ing the amount to be raised by taxation ; ay,
rather it increases the amount to be raised, by
the partiality which gives him gold for his in-
terest, while the producer gets paper for his
commodity. This greatly increased amount,
then, is paid by the laboring classes, who now
pay the taxes which should be paid by the
bondholder in addition to the share which
justly falls upon themselves.
But, sir, even this is not all. Under our
ruinous financial system these same bondhold-
ers have the privilege of depositing their bonds
in the Treasury, receiving from the Govern-
ment an almost, equal amount of national cur-
rency, in sums intended to be adapted to gen-
eral circulation; and with this machinery
national banks are established all over the
country, loaning out this currency at heavy
rates of interest, secured generally by real
estate, to the same classes of men who are pay-
ing the gold interest on the bonds which furnish
the foundation for this currency, thus paying
interest both on bonds and the representatives
of the bonds; while the bondholder receives
interest on both bonds and currency, mean
time paying nothing for protection, education,
nor even the costly and delicate luxury of recon-
struction.
What, then, is in the future ? Under this sys-
tem nothing but increase of taxes, a multipli-
cation of burdens for the farmer, mechanic,
trader, and laborer; with still greater exemp-
tions and favors to the capitalists. Nothing
but the harm of the many for the benefit of the
few. Nothing but making the rich richer and
the poor poorer. In this connection let it be
also remembered that the leading idea of those
who are managing, or rather mismanaging, our
financial affairs is to convert all our public in-
debtedness into these bonds with many years to
run, and with interest payable iu gold semi-
annually. This is said to be for the purpose
of keeping up our national credit. What, sir;
increase our debt to keep up our credit? Tell
the trader who is badly involved in debt, with
ruin staring him in the face, to go still further in
debtin order to keep up his credit ? Let him try
the experiment, and soon his assets will not be
sufficient to justify a court of bankruptcy in
closing out his estate. Suppose all our debt
bore interest to-day at the same rate as the
bonds in question, and all the holders of that
debt exempted from all taxation. Our people
crushed, disheartened, i mpoverished; our man-
ufacturing interests ruined, or else protected
at the cost of the poorer classes ; our commod-
ities taxed out of existence, and our produce
barred from the markets of the world by the
greatly increased price of production—how
long would the patience of people so oppressed
forbear?
But another demand upon our people is now
made, and with the pertinacity that always
characterizes an aristocracy is insisted upon
by the capitalists. And those capitalists are
