1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1719
promptly and relieve the Committee on Terri-
tories from any doubt on the subject.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I made the motion to
refer these papers to the Committee on Terri-
tories to enable me to make some remarks
upon the question, and for no other purpose.
I do not care to have the papers referred, and
I am willing to withdraw the motion. I do
not know that the Committee on Territories
or on the Judiciary can take any action upon
the subject. I simply introduced the resolu-
tion asking why his salary was not paid to
Governor Ballard. I know that there was a
time when the State Department took the
ground that he was not in office, becausc the
mere nomination of a successor, though re-
jected by the Senate, displaced him—a propo-
sition that is without precedent, and that never
has been sanctioned by any respectable au-
thority. They have long since abandoned that
ground altogether. These difficulties have
grown out of the pretended suspension ; and
no reason whatever has been given by any
Department since I have been in Washington
for refusing to recognize Ballard as Governor
of Idaho Territory, except that he was sus-
pended on the 28th of August, when here is a
document from the Secretary of State show-
ing that he never was suspended, and the Sec-
retary of State must have known all the time
that he was not suspended. Was it not his
business to notify the other Departments ? I
do not express all that I believe upon this sub-
ject. There is nothing before the Senate but
an inquiry as to the x-efusal of the Treasury
Department to pay to Governor Ballard his sal-
ary, to which by law he is entitled. I now
withdraw my motion to refer.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to make a
few remarks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
nothing to remark upon, for the motion is with-
drawn.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will allow it to stand
until my colleague concludes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tory well;
then the Senator from Oregon has the floor.
Mr. CORBETT. The question of the sus-
pension or removal of Mr. Ballard was called
to my attention on my return from Oregon, and
I called upon the Secretary of State to ascer-
tain the facts in regard to the case. He informed
me that Governor Ballard was not suspended.
I afterward obtained and produced a copy of a
telegram that was sent to Idaho suspending
Mr. Ballard; but, on further examination, a
communication was sent to the Senate inform-
ing them that, through mistake, such a let-
ter or telegram was sent to Idaho suspending
Governor Ballard, but that there was no com-
mission ever issued to his successor, and that
it was not intended to suspend Governor Bal-
lard; and that communication reinstated Gov-
ernor Ballard as Governor of the Territory;
and, as I have understood, it has not been up
to this time denied that he is Governor. The
President, however, has sent in the name of his
successor for confirmation in his place. Gov-
ernor Ballard has exercised the functions of
Governor and superintendent of Indian affairs
there for some time, and, I believe, to the satis-
faction of the great body of the people of that
Territory, particularly of the Union men, the
Republicans there, and, I have no doubt, to the
satisfaction of the great majority of the people.
As my colleague has stated, a treaty was
ratified by the Senate last April which pro-
vides that certain money shall be paid to the
Indians in that Territory, and it is absolutely
necessary that that money should be paid withm
one year from the ratification of that treaty
unless we expect to have trouble with those
Indians. They were somewhat dissatisfied
with the treaty as it stood, but as they could
not do otherwise than accept the treaty they
did so, and expected that _ the Government
would carry out the stipulations of the treaty.
In violation of that the Secretary of the In-
terior has withheld the money from Governor
Ballard, and what moneys have been sent have
been transmitted over his head to the Indian
agents, contrary, in my belief, to all precedent,
and, I think, contrary to law; and unless there
be something done that shall compel the Sec-
retary of the Interior to pay over those moneys
we may expect a war with one of the most
powerful tribes in Oregon and Idaho. 1 think
it is very important that this subject at this
time should be brought to the attention of the
Senate and some action taken upon it-
Mr. YATES. I hope the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Wilmams] will permit this matter
to go to the Committee on the Judiciary. There
were other reasons considered by the Com-
mittee on Territories besides those mentioned
by the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry. ]
Among other things the law organizing the
Territory of Idaho provided that the Governor
should be appointed by the President with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and be sub-
ject to removal by the President; and it has
been contended by Mr. Murray, who has since
been appointed, and by Mr. Bates, who has
since been appointed, and it is now contended
by Mr. Gibbs, that the President alone had the
power of removal; that by the law providing
that the Governor should be appointed subject
to removal by the President the Senate waived
its right to give its advice and consent to the
removal. That question is made very promi-
nent in certain papers which have been before
the Committee on Territories. That is a ques-
tion which it may be important to solve. It is
whether, when the President has appointed a
territorial Governor by and witli the advice and
consent of the Senate, and the act providing
for his appointment gives the President a right
to remove him, the Senate have not, by agree-
ing to that provision, waived the necessity for
their advice and consent to the removal.
Mr. FERltY. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois permit mo to ask him a question? Has
not that claim now been entirely withdrawn on
the advice of the Attorney General in refer-
ence to this very Territory?
Mr. YATES. 1 believe there were two dif-
ferent decisions. The Attorney General, I
think, made no decision whatever upon the
point; but the acting Attorney General gave
some decision, and I rather think it was to the
reverse of what the Senator maintains.
Mr. FEIIRY. The Attorney General sus-
tained the opinion of the acting Attorney Gen-
eral.
Mr. YATES. Does the Senator understand
that the acting Attorney General decided that
the removal could not be made without the
advice and consent of the Senate?
Mr. FERRY. Yes, sir.
Mr. YATES. I do not recollect precisely
the terms of the paper, because wedid not
reach that point of examination particularly;
but this ground is maintained by the present
applicants and by those who have been ap-
pointed by the President, and 1 suppose the
President will continue to appoint—I do not
know to the contrary—upon the supposition
that by this law constituting the Territory the
Senate waived its right to advise and consent
to the removal of the Governor. In that view
a reference can do no harm, and 1 hope the
Senator from Oregon will permit the question
to be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, so that it may be considered and decided.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not think that upon
these papers any question can or ought to be
made as to the right of Governor Ballard to
hold this office. He was appointed Governor,
and his nomination was duly confirmed by the
Senate. I claim that under the tenure-of-office
bill in any evenf he would be Governor, be-
cause that bill provides that any person who
has been appointed to office and confirmed by
the Senate shall continue to hold that office
until his successor is appointed and confirmed
by the Senate. And all the Departments have
recognized him as Governor; no Department
at this time denies that he is Governor; but
they have pretended that he was suspended,
and therefore refused to pay his salary and
furnish him with funds to enable him to per-
form his duties. All I wanted was to put on
end in some way to this pretense that he was
suspended from office. I think I have accom-
plished that, and I do not ask any further
action. I therefore withdraw my motion.
MESSAGE m05I TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbrsoj?, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 869) prescribing an oath
of office to be taken by persons from whom
legal disabilities shall have been taken ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 870) to remove political
disabilities from Roderick R. Butler, of Ten-
nessee.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BELL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 078.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. R. No. G78) making ap-
propriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions for the year ending June 30,
1869, which had been reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations with amendments.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to insert at the close of the
last clause of the first section the words "to
be paid from the Navy pension fund;" so as to
make the clause read:
For Navy pensions to invalids, widows and chil-
dren, and other relatives of the officeis and men of
the Navy dying in tho lino of dutj% now provided
by law, $350,000, to bo paid from the Navy pension
iund.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
second section of the bill, in the following
words:
vSnc. 2. And be it further enacted. That all moneys
and securities appeitainin# to a fund now known as
the "naval pension fund," and all other moneys and
securities which, by law, have been heretofore paid
into such fund, and which, if this act had not been
passed, would hereafter accrue thereto, shall be cov-
ered into the Treasury of the United Slates and be-
come a part of the surplus land of the Treasury, and
all Navy pensions shall be heicafter assumed by tho
United States, to be paid from the Treasury in ac-
cordance with appropriations made by law,
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see any object
in striking out that section. It seems to me it
would simplify accounts to destroy thcNavy pen-
sion fund and pay it into the gencralTreasury.
No money can be paid out of the Navy pension
fund except i l pursuance of law. Itis keeping
up the system of having various funds to pay
various classes of expenses. I would not have
offered this second section as an amendment to
the bill, as it proposes a change in the mode
of keeping the accounts; but since it is ill this
bill, and has been put there by the House of
Representatives, I do not see any reason why
it should not be left in. The Navy pension
fund is nothing but money belonging to the
Treasury of the United States, kept apart and
now invested in six per cent, bonds, and all
appropriations for naval pensions are paid out
of the Treasury of the United Statesand charged
to that fund. This makes it necessary to keep
up a separate account. The same money
might as well be paid out of the general Treas-
ury, and I never could see any real reason'for
keeping up the Navy pension fund or any other
special fund. Formerly we had various special
funds, out of which particular classes of expenses
werepaid, but latterly, from time to time, those
funds have been abolished, and now, with this
exception, there is no fund but the general fund
out of which money is appropriated.^ Unless
there is some special reason for maintaining
this fund I can see no use in it. Formerly
there was a fund out of which the expenses of
seamen, &c., were paid. That was finally
destroyed; and now a general appropriation is
made in addition to what arises under general
laws for that purpose, and the expenses of the
service are paid out of the general funds in the
Treasury. Unless there shall be some reason
for this given by the Senator from Iowa, who
probably knows all about the naval pension
