186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
335
these nary-yards, and a proper regard to econ-
omy in the public expenditures demands that
that reduction should be made.
I know there are some political considera-
tions entering into this matter, but it is hardly
worth while, gentlemen are so familiar with
thorn, to mention them here; but it should be
recollected by the gentlemen who represent
tho<e navy-yards, and the gentlemen whom I
notice propose to represent the workmen at
the Washington nary-yard, that there are not
only tiwa who do work for the Government in
these yards and receive pay from the Govern-
ment/but there are men whom the rest of us
represent who are taxed upon their labor to
pay the laboring men in the navy-yards for that
employment. And for one, sir, I say here in
advance it is not for the interest of the Navy,
it is not certainly for the interest of the Gov-
ernment, to make these navy-yards eleemosy-
nary institutions. It is only necessary to have
as much work in these yards as is required by
the interests of the service.
Mr. KELLEY. Let me ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. PIKE. "Wait till I am through.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from Maine
says there are about ten thousand workmen
employed in the navy-yards. I desire, as he
seems to have some information on the sub-
ject, he will let the House know as near as
possible the points at which those men are
employed. I did not suppose there was so
large a number.
Mr. PIKE. There are five navy-yards, and
nearly an equal number is employed in each.
I can give the gentleman the exact figures:
Portsmouth, New Hampshire, 1,484; Boston,
1,987; New York, 2,490; Philadelphia, 2,067 ;
Washington, 1,081; and the smaller places,
Norfolk, Mare island, &c., have the remainder^
In all there are about ten thousand.
Mr. KELLEY. Does that represent the ;
number at present or prior to the recent dis- ;
charge?
Mr. PIKE. Prior to the recent discharge.
Mr. RA> DALL. What number has been
discharged ?
Mr. PIKE. I am not prepared to answer
exactly. I suppose less than one third.
Mr. BANKS. 1 decline to yield any further
to this interlocutory debate, I yield to the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. CHANLER. I am in favor, Mr. Speak-
er, of the proposition of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, but in my judgment it is useless
to reduce the time unless we also fix the amount
of wages. The great social problem is to prop-
erly adjust the time to the amount of wages.
In carrying out his proposition the gentleman
should fix the pay as well as the time.
I do not wish to charge these navy-yards as
eleemosynary institutions, yet when the Gov-
ern meat has been and is still spending mil-
lions of dollars to keep up one species of labor
in the Freedmen's Bureau, now when the
application becomes more general and it is
proposed to take care of the labor of the white
race, the gentleman from Maine objects. If
this Government is to be administered irre-
spective of color, why are not gentlemen will-
ing to serve all laborers alike, whether white
or black? [Laughter.]
Mr. BANKS. I cannot yield to this debate
longer. I do not like to have these outside
questions brought into this discussion. My
reason for the presentation of this bill at this
time is a very simple one. My purpose is
not answered, as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Spalding] suggested, by the introduction of the
bill. I do not introduce bills for any purpose
of that kind. My object is to have it passed.
The reason for it is that by the order of the
House the work, in the Government yards has
been greatly diminished and workmen have
been dismissed in considerable numbers.
Mr. O'NEILL. I wish the gentleman would
let me ask him a question.
Mr. BANKS, very well.
Mr. O'NEILL. It is the question I wanted
to ask the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pise.]
The gentleman from Maine commenced by say-
ing that owing to a resolution passed by this
House two or three weeks ago in part, and also
under the idea of the Navy Department enter-
tained some time ago, these discharges at the
navy-yards were made. Now, I wish to know
distinctly—and either the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts or the gentleman from Maine can
answer the question—whether the intention of
discharging these men from the navy-yards had
not existed in the Navy Department for six or
seven weeks, and whether it was not carried out
purposely after the passage of the resolution of
the House to shield the Navy Department from
the responsibility of making these discharges
and put it npon the majority of the House?
Mr. BANKS. Neither the gentleman from
Mains nor myself would be capable of answer-
ing that question. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania should call for the information from
the Department. The Department only is qual-
ified to speak for itself.
Mr. O'NEILL. The gentleman from Maino
made the statement at the outset of his re-
marks.
Mr. BANKS. My object in introducing the
bill is this: inasmuch as work has bean dis-
continued by order of the House a considera-
ble number of workmen have been discharged.
The depression of business all through the
country leads inevitably to diminished com-
pensation to labor; and under the laws of the
country the Navy Department will be obliged
to make the wages in the yards correspond to
the wages outside of the yards, and I fear—I do
not wish—but I fear there will be a reduction
in the wages of the men employed by the Gov-
ernment. If this bill is passed it will enable
the Government to employ more men without
increasing the cost that is, now incurred for
this work. I trust that for this reason, con-
sidering the depression of business, the high
cost of living, the fact that numerous work-
men are out of employ, the House will allow
this bill to be passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
bill provide for a proportionate diminution of
wages?
Mr. BANKS. It does not provide for that,
but the law provides it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What law?
Mr. BANKS. * The law of Congress pro-
vides that wages in the Navy Department shall
be made to correspond with wages outside of
the Navy Department; and we all know that
everywhere wages are being reduced. I saw
a statement that ship-carpenters in the yards
at Newburyport were reduced to $1 25 a day,
hardly enough to Bupport them. The fact is
indubitable—I regret it deeply—that the De-
partment, under the law, will be bound to
reduce the pay of workmen, and if this bill is
passed they can employ a larger number of
workmen without any increased cost to the
Government.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
ask the gentleman from Massachusetts if he
proposes to affect the ship-carpenters at the
ship-yards at Newburyport and about there?
Mr. BANKS. I do not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Why?
Mr. BANKS. Because I have not power to
do it as a member of the House. I now yield
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cary,] who
desires to say a few words.
Mr. CARY. While this subject is before
the Committee on Education and Labor I re-
gard it as of so great importance that I yield
entirely to the introduction of the proposition
now. I believe it a vital question. I am in
favor of the passage of the bill at once. The
depressed condition of affairs in the country
seems to justify our taking immediate action
upon this important subject; and thanking the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
for his courtesy I will only ask that a petition,
which has just been handed to me, signed by
five hundred and forty-seven of the workmen
in the navy-yard in this city aoay be read.
The Clerk read the petition, as follows*
To the Honorable Howe of Representative:
Whereas the honorable Secretary of the Navy, in
consequence of tho resolution of your honorably body
of November 25,18G7, has issued orders that suspend
most of the wo! k in tho navy-yard, thereby making
it necessary to discharge a corresponding number of
employes in the said yard, and thus causing want
and suffering to a large number of individuals during
the most inclement portion of the year:
We, employes in the Washington navy-yard, peti-
tion aud most humbly pray that your honorable
body will reconsider the resolution referred to aud
take ?uch action as will cause the work at the navy-
yard to go on as usual.
Mr. CARY. I desire to say, in addition only,
that under other circumstances I would be glad
to be heard by this House upon this subject.
But I will no longer trespass upon the court-
esy of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks.]
Mr. MYERS. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to me for a few words?
Mr. BANKS. I cannot yield for general
debate.
Mr. MYERS,
general debate.
Mr. BANKS.
Mr. MYERS.
For a moment only; not for
I will yield for a moment.
I am in favor of the bill now
pending, and shall vote for it, or for any meas-
ure which, will tend to employ more men
properly at the present time. But I do think
that, in justice to this House and in justice to
a construction that has been put upon a reso-
lution of this House, we ought to have an
explanation from either some member of the
Naval Committee or the Secretary of the Navy.
One statement has been given here this morn-
ing. We have heard from the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. PikeJ how many men were em-
ployed in the various navy-yards previous to
the passage of tbelateresolution. But we have
not heard how many vessels ajre being refitted
at each of these places.
Now I wish simply to say, speaking for the
Philadelphia navy-yard, that while there were
two thousand men employed there, nearly one
half of whom have since been discharged, there
were six vessels there being refitted or cut down,
and there was employment for all these men,
even witMiit the bill of my friend from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Banks.] Yet right upon the
heels of the passage of that resolution by the
House of Representatives simply declaring, now
that the war is over, that we do not need to build
any more vessels-of-war—right upon the heels
of that resolution the Secretary of the Navy
undertakes indiscriminately to discharge fifty
per cent, of the men in all tfife navy-yards, and
throughout the country that action of the Sec-
retary of the Navy has been charged upon the
majority in Congress. Let me say in conclu-
sion that there was no Tight to make any such
charge, that the Secretary had no right to take
any such action. While I will vote cheerfully
for the bill of the gentleman from Massachusetts
{Mr. Banks] I think we ought to have in some
shape from the Secretary of the Navy answers
to these inquiries.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] allow me to cor-
rect a statement just made by my colleague,
[Mr. Myers?] ,
Mr. BANKS. The geatleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Washburn,] from whom I have the floor,
insists that I shall press this bill to a vote.
Mr. JUDD. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] yield to me for a mo-
ment?
Mr. BANKS. I will yield for a moment,
but not for debate.
Mr. JUDD. I can see no necessity for post-
poning action on this measure. If 1 recollect
correctly the action of this Congress, at a pre-
vious session such a bill as the one now pend-
ing was passed by the yeas and nays.
Mr. BAN KS. An d in the very words of this
bill.
Mr. JUDD. Yes, in the very words of this
bill. I presume every member upon this floor
has his mind made up on a proposition so sim-
ple as this is. There can be no occasion for
postponing it for three we eks in order to have
