1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Finances—Mr. Burr.
Ho. of Beps.
controlling the dominant party in urging this
demand. Not only gold for interest; not only
exemption from taxation; not _ only banking
privileges with extraordinary facilities of trans-
ferring wealth from tax-paying laborers to un-
taxed aristocrats ; not only sixteen hundred
national banks running at the cost of the
many for the benefit of the few, but a demand
absolute and imperative, that the enormous
amountconstituting the principal of these same
bonds shall also be paid in gold. When the
poet wrote
"Gold many hunted—toiled and sweat for gold,"
he expressed the idea that possession of the
glittering treasure was at the cost of labor and
sweat; but, sir, we are showing how the toil
and sweat of one man only increase the golden
treasure of another who is exempt from the
judgment passed by the Almighty when He
said: " In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat
"bread." Wealth is his without labor; his is
bread without sweat; grasping his yellow dust
in eager hands, and heedless of the general ruin
mocking his countrymen he realizes from his
selfish stand-point that "this is the best Gov-
ernment the sun ever shone upon." He is in-
tensely loyal, for loyalty pays a large dividend
and pays it in gold. He is patriotic, for patri-
otism of his standard means large balances in
bank stock and heavy mortgages on the home-
stead of the poor laborer. He is in favor of
"keeping up the credit of the Government,"
for by that he means helping himself to the
public treasure. In his judgment patriotism
calls on the people to pay heavy taxes without
murmuring, for well he knows that the collec-
tor will only seek out the laboring classes
while the paymaster will call on him.
Sir, this burden once assumed will never
be laid down. Let the capital of the country
saddle a burden on labor, and in its greed of
gain it will never consent to a release. All
the industry of the country must be devoted to
the payment of this semi-annual interest; and
when, finally, passing years shall have matured
the whole debt and thousands of millions are
presented at one time, can then the tax-payer
meet that demand? _No, sir, it is beggary in
the present and irretrievable ruin in the future
—both to the tax-payer and the Government.
But, sir, what is the remedy? Retrace our
steps—reverse the policy of the past few years.
Let all men stand on equal footing. Inasmuch
as greenbacks paid the Government for bonds,
let greenbacks also pay the bondholder for
the same bonds. Let him take that which he
gives. By public declaration announce a read-
iness to pay off bonds with greenbacks, which
constitute the money of the Government. This
public notice, being equivalent to a tender of
payment on so much of the bonds as have been
outstanding for five years, will stop the interest
on such bonds, and to that extent relieve the
people of taxes, whether sjich bonds be actually
presented for payment or not.
In this last event such bonds not presented
would continue to be a debt against the Gov-
ernment, but it would be a debt bearing no
interest and finally payable according to the
terms of such public notice,_ except where
otherwise specifically provided in the act under
which they were issued. Let us briefly trace
out the operation of this plan. The first result,
as I have said, would be to stop the interest
on all matured bonds, thereby saving over a
hundred millions yearly. As a further result,
those bonds which are now on deposit in our
Treasury, in exchange for national bank bills,
and drawing now gold interest, would cease to
be profitable as idle capital, and as a conse-
quence would be converted into shape adapted
to commercial and business purposes. This
withdrawal of the bonds could only be effected
by a return of the currency issued on them;
and by the same process all the national cur-
rency, or as it is sometimes called, "black-
backs," would go out of circulation, and its
place supplied by greenbacks which pay off the
bonds. So by quiet and expeditious means,
alike just and necessary, we would get rid of
every national bank and save to the people all
the profits that these banks make on both bonds
and currency; and in lieu of both, furnish a
circulation uniform and equal to all classes of
citizens. Why, sir, the question of bank or
no bank once shook this Government to its
center, and all parties to-day laud the inde-
pendence with which Jackson once crushed it
out. Yet we have to-day a national banking
system exercising almost paramount control in
political affairs, and under the present policy
permanent in existence. And, sir, when did
the people consent to the establishment of this
giant financial monopoly? When did they
stipulate that their material interests should
be controlled and their finances regulated by
bankers and bondholders? They have never
agreed, and I predict never will agree, to bow
submissively and wear the' chain of servitude
to financial task-masters, even though that
chain be forged of gold.
But, sir, let us still further trace the result
of this plan. What will be its effect on the
business of the country? To answer that
question properly let us understand what is
the present condition of business in the Union.
Trade is paralyzed, industry crippled, labor
inadequately rewarded, and manufactures, ex-
cept such as are protected by enormous tariffs,
crushed out of existence. And one of the
main reasons for this condition of affairs is, in
my judgment, the scarcity of money. Com-
merce demands capital—not idle, dead capital
in bank vaults, but live, stirring, moving, avail-
able capital—money. Business requires a
ready circulating medium, proportioned to the
producing and purchasing power of the coun-
try, and that quantity is not in reach of the
people to-day. During the past year it was
with great difficulty that western produce could
be moved to market for want of means to com-
mand transportation and pay freights. In the
West the great cause of business stagnation is
lack of money. Men owning large tracts of
valuable real estate and possessed of much
substantial wealth are troubled to raise even
enough money to pay their enormous taxes.
Shippers and traders in produce and stock—•
men who never before permitted a contract to
overrun a day—are begging for time on ship-
ments or paying heavy rates of interest to
national banks for "black-backs" to pay con-
tracts, and mortgaging their real estate to se-
cure payments of such compulsory loans.
Before the war our money in circulation was
estimated at, I think, about four hundred mil-
lions, which sum was required to meet the de-
mands of business. Of this a very considerable
proportion was coin. The expenses of the
General Government in all its outlays were
inconsiderable, compared with the estimates
of the present day. The whole expense of
Government during the year 18(30, under Bu-
chanan, for civil service, War Department,
and Navy, was less than thirty-five millions.
The estimates for the present year for the same
service is $182,000,000. So far, then, as gov-
ermental affairs are concerned, it reasonably
requires five times as great a volume of the cir-
culating medium as it did before the war; in
other words, it takes five times as much money
for the Government to do business on as in
1860.
Take every department of business, and
prices of freights, materials,_ and everything
else which enters into the estimates of expen-
ses in conducting business are largely increased.
The cost of living is more than doubled. Why,
sir, a seat in Congress was once considered a
fair thing at $3,000 per year,^ which was^itself
a great advance on early salaries. Now $5,000,
with mileage and stealage included, is con-
sidered a very small compensation ! But, to
be serious, it costs at least thirty-three per
cent, more money to conduct the same busi-
ness than it did before the war. Make now
some allowance for a great increase of popula-
tion through our producing regions, and admit
the influence of greater facilities for travel, and
you are not far wrong in saying that fifty per
cent, more of money is now needed over and
above the amount which answered the purposes
of trade, commerce, and general business in
1860. And still another point requires con-
sideration in estimating the capital needed by
the country to-day. _ln I860 money used in
trade was worth par, judged by the gold stand-
ard, or so nearly par as to pass without chal-
lenge, whereas now, judged by the same stand-
ard, a dollar of money " so-called " is worth a
measure varying from sixty to seventy-five
cents, and of course a greater quantity is now
required to accomplish the same results. In
considering these facts, and measuring present
and future necessity by these facts, I am led to
the conclusion that an increase of say two hun-
dred millions of active capital would stimulate
all branches of industry and prove a blessing
alike to producer and consumer.
But, sir, as I maintain, no prostration of
business would follow this increase of money,
for in the very measures resulting in the in-
crease you add gradually but surely $2,000,-
000,000 to the taxable values of the country
and produce a corresponding increase of busi-
ness, lightening at the same time the burdens
borne by labor. As part of this same reform
necessity requires economy in the administra-
tion of public affairs—not, sir, this party cry
ofeconomy, this hypocritical profession in pub-
lic speeches and farcical demand in verbose
resolutions, intended only to deceive the peo-
ple, but actual, practical, rigid economy, that
pays no more for needed supplies than sucli
supplies are worth, and dispenses absolutely
with all expenditures, large or small, that
could be avoided. Withdraw military rule in
southern States, saving thereby directly and
indirectly $100,000,000 yearly; abolish the
BYeedmen's Bureau and save thereby $15,-
000,000 more of direct outlay; reduce the
Army to a real peace basis and save thereby
many millions more; provide remedies for ex-
isting evils in the revenue system and thereby
save another $100,000,000, as well as perjury,
fraud, deceit, and outrageous stealing which
are brought into existence and perpetrated by
our revenue laws. Do this, sir, saving in the
grand aggregate $500,000,000 yearly of the
people's money. Out of this great saving set
apart an annual sum to constitute a sinking
fund, out of which to pay by degrees the pub-
lic debt when reduced or converted into green-
backs, and in a comparatively short time our
debt will be paid, our taxes be discontinued,
our national credit fully sustained, our labor-
ing classes liberally rewarded, our people
prosperous and happy.
But, sir, this cannot be the result of continued
Radical rule. Radicals protest against the
payment of the public debt in greenbacks, but
prefer to withdraw the greenbacks and increase
the bonds. The result of this is to make money
for poor people scarce, but for rich men
plenty. Until lately our Secretary of the
Treasury, under direction of a Radical Con-
gress, was withdrawing $4,000,000 per month
of greenbacks from circulation; and even now
that process is only for the time being sus-
pended. By Radical rule the buidens of the
present hour were fastened on the people, and
will not be removed but by a change in politi-
cal control of the Government. Not a branch
of industry escapes taxation. Assessors, col-
lectors, inspectors, agents, seek out every ave-
nue through which toil produces wealth, and
lay their unyielding fingers in eager clutch on
the hard earnings of honest poverty. Not the
living only are sought out and laid under
tribute, but accounts are kept with the dead;
and by operation of the "succession tax"
the meager pittance which a father's frugality
saved up for his helpless child is counted over
and a portion taken therefrom, under plea of
