220
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Bailey.
40th Coxg.,..2d
"public necessity," before the eliild receives
the orphan's portion.
And what proportion of this money thus
wrung from producers finds its way into the
Treasury to be used in payment of either bonds
or greenbacks under Radical rule? Not one
halt—not one half! No, sir; there is no hope
of improvements but by peaceful, political rev-
olution. That only will save us from bank-
ruptcy as a nation and demoralization as a
people. If wrought out that revolution will
save us from both; and the people who are
now laboring under loads unbearable are un-
derstanding the evils and will apply the proper
remedy.
But, sir, we will be told this fall that'' these
questions are not in issue." That has been
the answer to all protestatioas the people have
heretofore made against negro suffrage—"'it
is not in issue." But it is in issue. The great
mass of the people, honest, patriotic, willing
to bear necessary burdens, but unwilling to be
trampled down by legislative tyranny and sur-
render all their hard-earned means to the de-
mands of the wealthy, petted bondholders, have
decreed that this issue shall be met. Another
answer will be in the mouths of politicians, and
given to the people by those who are themselves
powerless and iaithless to perform what they
promise. Radical candidates, when unable to
satisfy their people by evasive replies, will ex-
claim in the boldness of practiced falsehood,
" We, too, are in favor of paying our debt in
greenbacks."
Already, sir, have several members on this
floor made speeches looking in that direction.
But what is done whilst they are talking?
Nothing—absolutely nothing for public relief.
But much in another direction is being accom-
plished. Our debt is increasing and our in-
terest growing larger day by day. This indi-
vidual vaporing of our Radical lriends is only
to appease the people, to quiet apprehension,
to beget hopes not to be realized, and secure
a return to office and power. If they are in
earnest in wishing to pay the national debt in
greenbacks, as the people demand, let them
hrst admit that the question is in issue; and
then, taking the people's side iu a practical way,
let them help us elect George H. Pendleton,
or some one equally favorable to the people's
interest, as next President, and a financial re-
form will commence. Taxes will be reduced
one half, expenses largely curtailed, our debt
honestly paid in a very few years, and our
country restored tounity, peace, and prosperity.
But, sir, lei us not be deceived in seeking a
remedy for existing evils, or in applying a cor-
rective to errors glaring and enormous. Relief
from the financial burdens of the hour is a
practical question. That relief cannot be se-
cured by mere general declaration, nor will it
come in answer to professions of superior
patriotism and wisdom. It will not even be,
commanded iuto being by the talismanic influ-
ence of a great name. National prosperity
and individual thrift are inseparable. Indi-
vidual prosperity cannot be true and perma-
nent while irregularities mark all public tran-
sactions, and profligacy characterizes all public
expenditures. There is, between the various
communities of the United States, a relation
of necessary dependence; and one portion of
our people separated from another portion by
mere geographical lines cannot enjoy perma-
nent prosperity while another portion is borne
down and oppressed with burdens. And here
I may remark that no true, general, penna
nent prosperity can be secured to our peo-
ple until ail communities of our citizens are
secured in such enjoyment of peace and indus-
try as will enable them by their trade, pro-
duce, and labor to bear their just proportions
of the public burdens, and, at the same time,
receive and enjoy their share of the public -
benefits and advantages resulting from free
government, properly administered. Let the
southern States be restored to their constitu-
tional relations to the other States in the
Union, and, as a result, the people of those
States, realizing the blessings of'"liberty reg-
ulated by law," will add their offerings to the
substantial wealth ot the nation, and contrib-
ute their proportion of taxation for the public
good. They would cease to be idle consumers,
without resources and void of energy, and
become producers of wealth for the general
good, at the same time furnishing, as of old,
the best market for the surplus produce of the
West. The natural dependence of the South
and West upon each other can never be changed
by legislation, nor even permanently suspended
by revolution. The great staples of western
agriculture cau never be profitably created iu
the South; nor can the Northwestern farmer,
by amy degree of industry or skill, secure from
our colder soil the valuable products growing
in profusion in the warmer soil of the gulf
States. Therefore, we of the West earnestly
protest that uo permanent relief and general
prosperity can be ours until again our rela-
tions of commerce, trade, and friendship is
restored with our customers in the South.
That restoration can only result from wise
statesmanship and such patriotic measures as
will secure equal and general good. Denuncia-
tion should be withheld, crimination cease,
and recrimination be forgotten. Sentiments
of friendship should be cultivated, more of the
spirit of conciliation should be manifested,
and, above all, the voice of the people should
be heard and heeded by those controlling the
Government.
In conclusion of these rambling and desult-
ory remarks let me sum up what 1 deem to be
the measures on which the people depend for
relief, immediate and permanent.
Stop the payment of interest by placing the
bondholder on the same footing with others,
and pay his demand, as you pay others, in
"greenbacks." Let him receive what the
crippled soldier receives for pension. Adopt
and act upon the motto that what is money for
one is money for all.
Add to the taxable property of the Union
by such legislation as will force idle capital
from bank vaults into active circulation, and
convert non-taxable bonds into taxable cur-
rency or substantial wealth. Abolish the "so
called" national banks, and protect laborers
more and bankers and bondholders less. Re-
duce the Army and Navy to a peace basis and
reduce expenses iu proportion. Encourage
trade and promote industry by releasing both
from unnecessary and tyrannical burdens im-
posed for party purposes in derogation of the
public good. Restore civil government in
place of military rule in the southern States,
thereby saving to our people the cost of the
last and securing to all the benefits of the first.
The people demand these measures; and
inasmuch as these measures are repudiated by
the parly in power, the people, who are the
source of all political power, are repudiating
them; and will, in the next election, secure
relief by electing to office such men as are
willing for relief to be granted. And when
individual members of the dominant party come
before the people and beg for return to office,
saying, '.' I favored these measures although
my party would not act—in your name I made
long speeches for economy—in your name I
offered resolutions for reform," the people will
indignantly respond, "Inasmuch as you adhere
to aparty opposed to reform, and are controlled
by men in the interest of banksand bonds, you
are not true to us—no man can serve two mas-
ters." And in the majesty of that sovereignty
which abides with and resides in the "Ameri-
can people," a peaceful and constitutional
revolution will be decreed that will secure
uniformity of taxes, currency, burdens, and
blessings, to rich and poor—high and low alike
—-aud extend to all citizens the equal protec-
tion of the Constitution and laws of a restored ;
and prosperous Union uf all the States.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. A. H. BAILEY,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1868,
On the resolution reported by the Committee on
Keconstruetion for the impeachment of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. BAILEY. Mr. Speaker, in December
last I voted against impeachment. I did so for
prudential reasons. There were many ques-
tions of vital importance demanding the atten-
tion of Congress, and it was desirable that
nothing should prevent their immediate con-
sideration. It was manifest that the trial of
the President upon the charges then made
would require the examination of a large num-
ber of witnesses, and consequently would en-
gross the-time of the Senate, and perhaps that
of the House also, for months. But, sir, I did
not so vote because I thought the President
innocent of those charges or that he deserved
forbearance at our hands. Neither had I any
doubt of the right of the House to impeach the
President forgross official misconduct, although
that misconduct might not amount to a com-
mon law crime or misdemeanor or a statu-
tory offense. To say nothing of the many able
arguments upon this side, the speech of the
learned gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Woodward] on the 13th of December, 1867,
was entirely conclusive upon that point. I cite
his opinion because he is distinguished as a
lawyer and has served many years upon the
bench, and because, also, he is a violent opposer
of our present action, as we have just Heard
from his own lips. I take the liberty of making
a few extracts from the speech to which I refer,
as I find it printed in the Globe of December
13, 1867:
" Now let us try to get at the meaning of this word
'misdemeanor;' because, alter all, the discussion
mustcome down to that. 1 submit that the consti-
tution ot Pennsylvania., formed iu 17S0. soon after die
adoption of the Constitution of tbe United States,
defined that word 'misdemeanor' as employed in
the provision for impeachment. The constitution of
Pennsylvania defines it to mean a ' misdemeanor in
office.* It says:
" 4 The Governor and all civil offieers under this
Commonwealth shall be liable to impeachment for
any misdemeanor in office.'
" I submit, sir, that this is an interpretation of the
word ' misdemeanor ' as used in the Federal Consti-
tution, and that we should understand by that word
a misdemeanor in office, a violation of any ot the
tacit or express conditions upon which the office is
held, whether or not that violation be indictable
under the criminal law of England or the criminal
law of the United States. It may be such an otfense,
or it may be something which is not indictable under
either of those codes."
He then quotes from Curtis's History of the
Constitution, among other things, as follows:
"Although an impeachment may involve an in-
quiry whether a crime against any positive law has
been committed, yet it is nut necessarily a trial for
crime; nor is there an* necessity in the case of crimes
committed by publicolBccrs tor the institution ot any
special proceeding for the intlictiou ot the punish-
ment prescribed by thelaws,since they, like ailother
persons, are amenable to the ordinary jurisdiction of
the courts of justice iu respect 01 oii'enses against
positive law. The purposes of un impcaehment lie
wholly beyond tile penalties of a statute or tbe cus-
tomary law. The objeetof theproceedingisto ascer-
tain whether cause exists tor removing a public oliicer
from of&ee. Such a cause may be found in the tact
that either in the discharge of his ofliee or aside from
its functions he has violated a law or committed
what is technically denominated a crime, iiut a
cause for a removal trom office may exist, where no
offense against positive law has been committed, as
wheie an individual has from immorality or imbe-
cility or maladministration become unlit to exercise
the office."
And adds:
" Xow, I suppose that to be a fair construction of
the tonstitution aud law in regard to impeachment;
and I cannot help thinking that if the lawyers of this
House would apply their minds to a true analysis of
thissubject they would come to this eoaelusieB."
Near the close of his speech he reiterates as
follows:
" I say it i* ineredible that the people of this conn-
try in adopting their Constitution me ut merely to
guard themselves againstsaeii deltaaaeneies of j b-
