3-720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March %
fijnd, I see no ground why it should not be con-
sidered a part of the Treasury of the United
States.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know that the Sen-
ator from Iowa has anything to do with this
appropriation bill more than any other Sena-
tor j but I can state what I know about this
matter. When the Navy was first established
and the Navy Department created, at the be-
ginning of this century, there was a law of
Congress passed declaring that in all future
time the proceeds of prizes captured upon the
high seas by vessels of the United States and
brought into the ports of the United States and
condemned should be distributed, one half to
the captors in the proportion specified by the
law, and the other half should go into the naval
pension fund, from which tile widows and
orphans of naval officers and seamen should be
guarantied the payment of their pensions.
That is the way in which this fund was created.
It is created by the earnings, in effect, of the
sailors and men belonging to the Navy of the
United States. Whether it be true that the
Government technically pledged its faith to
preserve the fund intact or not, it is true that
they are regarded by tlio seamen of the coun-
try as having made that pledge and it has
stood good lor about seventy years.
Whenever a sailor who has been employed
in the service of the United States presents his
account to his attorney or agent to collect his
claim for prize money, and ho linds that it is
not as great as he had anticipated, he is imme-
diately told, "It is true, your distributive share
is not as great as you think you are entitled to,
but you must remember that one half of the
whole proceeds of the prizes in the capture of
which you took part has gone into the Treas-
ury, and is part of a fund in Washington which
is dedicated to your benefit and the benefit of
your children, and which the Government of
the United States is under a moral obligation,
at auy rate, if not a legal obligation, never to
interfere with." Now, the question is whether
it is advisable for the Committee on Appropri-
ations, that does not have the consideration
either of the subject of finance or the subject
of naval affairs, which does not take care of
the interests of the Navy or the interests of the
seamen, and has not charge of the investigation
of their rights, to agree on an appropriation
bill to change the whole course of the Govern-
ment during the last seventy years, and say
that an act shall be done which will be con-
sidered by these seamen, whether correctly or
not, as a violation of the public faith. The
question is whether it is best to do that at this
particular juncture.
I am free to say that I am in favor of letting
the matter stand as it is. What is the injury
that can result to the Government? It is not
said, it is not alleged by anybody, that any one
is to be injured by it; and I believe that, if
there ever was a fund equitably and justly
administered this has been ; and the only diffi-
culty now is that it is has been so well admin-
istered that these sailors and officers have
gathered together so large a fund that it is pro-
posed by certain gentlemen to put their hands
into the Treasury and grab it because it has
become so large. It was established in the
way it was because it was thought that it would
be an inducemeutto the mcnto exercise greater
diligence and care, and risk their lives in the
preservation and safe return of their captures
to American ports, and thereby not only in-
jure the enemy by the captures, but strengthen
their own Government, inasmuch as they would
bring that amount of property into the ports
of the United States.
But I do not understand that the theory upon
which naval prizes are allowed is in contro-
versy here. There is no allegation that the
fund has not been properly administered or
that a single dollar of it has ever been squan-
dered since it was first dedicated at the begin-
ning of the century.
But it is said by the Senator from Ohio that
we ought to abolish the naval pension fund for
the purpose of simplifying theaccounts. How
far would that simplify the accounts? At the
instance of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fes-
sexden.] as chairman of the Committee on
Finance, three or four years ago, we passed a
bill directing the Secretary of the Treasury to
invest all this money in registered securities
of the United States. They are held and can
be held in no other character. It may be
that this fund goes into the statements of the
Secretary of the Treasury. I do not know how
he keeps his accounts, to swell the apparent
indebtedness of the United States; but we all
know that it is really no indebtedness of the
United States, that it is simply keeping the
money; and the proposition is on the part of
the House, of Representatives to take this
money out of one pocket and put it into an-
other virtually.
Am I then asked why I object to the propo-
sition ? It is because it bears upon its face, in
the estimation of a large class of our fellow-
citizens—men whom, 1 apprehend, it is not de-
sirable at this time especially for us to geUhe
ill-will of—the idea that it is diverting a fund^
which has been dedicated for their benefit. If
the Senator from Ohio is opposed to the system
of prizes, if he thinks this fund is accumulat-
ing too fast, let him introduce a bill to abolish
the prize laws; but 1 do not think it is wise
for us at this time on an appropriation bill,
upon the recommendation of a committee that
has no jurisdiction of the matter, and at the in-
stance of gentlemen who confess that they have
not examined the subject and know nothing
about it and call upon other Senators for
information, to strike the whole thing out and
abolisli the whole fund.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The naval pension fund
lias now, I understand, got to be so large that
there is an actual surplus of interest; that is
to say, the interest on the fund more than pays
the pensions by a considerable amount. How
much that excess is 1 do not know.
Mr. GRIMES. The fund is about thirteen
million dollars, and I think the interest is
about half a million dollars more than is
necessary. I think the pensions amount to
three hundred and some odd thousand dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But the debt remains
the same; the whole fund now stands as a part
of the debt of the United States, so far as the
bonds are concerned. The money is laid aside
and invested in bonds of the United States.
If we should pay all the money into the Treas-
ury and take up those bonds the result would
be that the Government would owe the amount
of these pensions to the pensioners annually.
All the possible difference it would make would
be that this $500,000 surplus, if there is that
amount of surplus, instead of being invested
in bonds, would go into the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have the public debt
statement before me, and the amount of this
fund is over thirteen million dollars, drawing
six per cent, interest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whatever it may be,
if the fund should bo taken up, the debt would
not be diminished really one cent, for we should
add to it in another direction. As the matter
now stands, however, we are obliged by law to
invest $500,000 in other securities of the Uni-
ted States, and thus keep swelling the fund,
whereas if we turned it into the Treasury that
much money would be saved. Instead of
interest being invested in that way it would
be liable to be applied for other purposes.
Whether that is enough of an object at the pres-
ent time I am not prepared to say. 1 am
rather inclined to the opiuion of the Sena-
tor from Iowa, that at the present time it is
not advisable to pass a law which may create
ill feeling among a class of people who have
pretty good claims upon us, and who would
not at once understand the meaning of it and
the object of it, and who would, perhaps,
consider that their security was diminished,
although it would not be in point of fact. It
is a matter about which each Senator must
judge for himself.
Mi-. MOIiRIJuL, of Maine. I will state to
the Senate in a very few words the organiza-
tion, history, and present condition of this
fund, so that the Senate may have the whole
subject before them. By an act passed on the
23d of April, 1800, this fund was created, and
by reference to the ninth section of that, act it
will be seen on what terms. That section
reads thus:
"AH money accruing, or which has already ac-
crued, to the United States, from the sale of prizes,
shall bo and remain iorcver a tund tor the paj meat
of pensions and half pas', should the same be here-
after granted to the officers and seamen who may be
entitled to receive the same; and if the said fund
shall bo insufficient for the purpose the public faith
is hereby pledged to make up the deficiency; but if
it should bo more than sufficient thesui|>lus shall be
applied to the making of further piovision lor the
comfort of the disabled officers, seauien. and marines,
and for such as. though not disabled, miiymeiit by
their bravery or long and faithful services the grati-
tude of their country,"
It will be seen, then, on that provision, that
one half of the prize money goes to the cap-
tors and the other half belongs to the United
Stales, and the latter half was to be set apart
to a certain specific purpose—first, to pay in-
valid pensions ; second, to make such further
provision for disabled officers, seamen, and
marines as might merit it, and as Congress
might think proper. I believe, as a matter of
fact, that after the war of 1812, between 1835
and 1840, this fund ran out entirely, so that
there was not any of it applicable to the pur-
poses contemplated by the ninth section of
the act of 1800. During the recent rebellion,
however, the fund increased to a very large
amount, so that at the present time it is some-
thing over thirteen million dollars. In view
of that fact a question would perhaps arise
whether the Navy, under the present circum-
stances, sustains the same relations to the
country that in did in 1800, when this act was
passed by Congress, and whether there are the
same reasons for continuing the policy that
was inaugurated by that act. But, aside from
that, in 1804, Congress passed the following
joint resolution, which will explain the pres-
ent condition of the fund:
" That the Secretary of the Navy, as trustee of the
naval pension lund, be, and he is hereby, authoiizcd
and directed to cause to bo investedin the registered
securities of the United Slates, on the 1st day of
Januacy and the 1st day ot July of cacti year, so
much of the said fund then in the Treasury of the
United States as may not bo required lor the pay-
ment of naval pensions for the then current lineal
year; and, upon the letjuisitiou of the said Secretary,
so much of the said fund as may not he required lor
such payment of pensions accruing during the cur-
rent fiscal year shall bo hold m the Treasury on the
days aforesaid in cacli year, subject to his order, for
the purpose of such immediate iqvesttn nt; and the
interest payable in coin upon the said securities ia
which tho said funds shall be invested shall bo so
paid, when due, to the order of the Secretary of tho
Navy; and he is hereby authorized and directed to
exchange the amount of such interest, when paid m
coin, for so much of tho legal currency of the United
States as may be obtained therefor at the current
rates of premium on gold, and to deposit the s.iidm-
terest so converted in the Treasury to the credit of
the said naval pension fund: Provided, That noth-
ing herein contained shall be constiued to interfere
with tho payment of naval pensions, under the su-
pervision the Secretary of the Interior, as now
regulated by law."
It will be seen that this does not change the
policy of the act of 1800, if the Senate sup-
poses that any policy was agreed to thereby;
that is to say, if that fund wqs pledged by the
act of 1800 to the seamen and naval officers
for the payment of their invalid pensions and
such other pensions as Congress might there-
after enact and declare that they would be
entitled to ; I say, if it is supposed that that
policy was continued, then there would seem
to be something in the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Iowa that these people, outside of
any provisions of law at the present moment,
think they have a claim on whatever fund was
appropriated to their purposes by the act of
1800. At the present time 1 am not aware
that there is any provision of law which sets
aside any portion of this fund except to pay
invalid pensions. Now,what are they ? I will
show to the Senate precisely what the draft
on that fund is:
"The number on the roll June 30, 186", was 1,054,
with an annual rate of $89,652 25. The amount paid
during tho year ending June 80,1867, was $77,071 24.
