336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Januafy 8,
a committee report upon the subject. I hope
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
will press the question to a vote at the present
time, and let us see whether the House is ready
now to repeat its resolve of a previous session.
I am in favor of this bill, and I hope action
will now be had upon it.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman yield to me
for an explanation?
Mr. BANKS. For an explanation ; yes, sir.
Mr. PIKE The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Myeus,] in his reply to some re-
marks which I made, appears to have misun-
derstood me. I said to the House that it had
been said that the discharge of these men had
been made partly in consequence of the reso-
lution of the House and partly in consequence
of the action of the Department itself. Now
I did not attempt to say positively what motive
influenced the Department in making these
discharges. I can say that the Department'
has always plumed itself upon being a very
economical Department. In reports 4yd other-
wise it has constantly so presented itself to the
House and to the public. Now, if in pursu-
ance of that idea of economy and reduction of
public expenditures, upon which the Depart-
ment so much plumes itself, it has discharged
these workmen, and in order to shield itself
from complaint it has stated that it was in con-
sequence of a resolution passed by this House,
that is its affair and not mine. I merely ex-
pressed my individual opinion in relation to
this matter when I said from my investigation
of the subject that we have in the navy-yards
of the country twice as many men as we re-
quire.
Mr. BANKS. I now call for the previous
question. I cannot yield any-further.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the reading of the bill.
The bill was again read.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes 64, noes 13; no
quorum voting.
The Speaker, under the rule, ordered tell-
ers; and appointed Messrs. Banks. ap3 Kerb.
Itie House divided; and the tellers)reported
—ayes To, noes 21.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; and under
the operation thereof the bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
payment op bounties.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana {Mr. Washburn] is entitled to the floor
on the bill reported by the select committee,
of which he is chairman, upon the subject of
the payment of soldiers' bounties.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Washburn] to yield to me for a
moment, that I may offer a'resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I will yield
to the gentleman if his proposition will cause
so debate.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the regular
order.
The House, as the regular order, proceeded
to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 331)
to facilitate the payment of soldiers' bounties
under the act of 1866.
. The bill, which was read, proposes-to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to employ by
transfer or otherwise twenty-five additional
clerks in the division of the Second Auditor's
office of the Treasury, furnishing information
to the Paymaster General in regard to soldiers
claiming bounty under the act of July, 1866,
to be continued as long as there is a necessity
for the same.
The second section proposes to direct the
Assistant Treasurer of the United States in the
eity of Hew Sock to pay duplicate checks
upon notice of the loss of the original checks
under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury may direct.
Mr. H ASH BURN, of Indiana. The com-
mittee charged with the investigation of this
subject have arrived at the conclusion that no
means can be adopted by which the payment
of these bounties can be facilitated except by
increasing the force in the Second Auditor's
office. The paymasters now employed in this
work can pay claims twice as rapidly as they
are now paying them. Each claim is tirst
sent to the paymaster, who, upon information
furnished him by the Auditor, pays the claim.
This mode of proceeding might have been
avoided if, by the original act, the paymaster
had been allowed to retain the rolls. But
unfortunately for the soldier the rolls are now
in the Second Auditor's office, while the law
requires that the paymaster shall make the
payment. It is too late, the committee think,
to remedy this defect in the original law; but
we recommend an increase of the force in the
Second Auditor's office, by which the payments
can be increased one half. And this will not
impose additional expense on the Government;
for one half of the clerks in the Paymaster
General's department, of whom there are sixty,
are now idle for want of work. An increase
of the force in the Second Auditor's office will
give these clerks work, and the soldiers will
get their bounty.
I think this House has always been willing
and anxious that the soldier should receive
his just dues. This bounty of $10ft was
promised to'him more than a year ago, anditis
necessary that Congress should do something
to secure the fulfillment of that promise. The
committee recommend the passage of this bill
increasing temporarily, and only temporarily,
the force in the Second Auditor's office.
Mr. KERR. 1 desire to make one inquiry
of my colleague, [Mr. Washburn, of Indiana.]
I would ask whether the recommendation of
the committee on this subject is approved by
the Second Auditor, and whether the proposed
inerease of the force in hig office is considered
by him to be necessary.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The testi-
mony of the Second- Auditor ia to the effect
that the increase can .be- used. We did not
ask him whether he wanted it or not, but we
find from the testimony the increase can be
used. Then bounties can be paid faster. We
did not ask him whether the bounties could be
paid faster or not.
Mr. KERR. Does it appear from the weight
of evidence his force now is insufficient to keep
up the work as fast as is requisite ?
Mr. WASHBURN, Df Indiana. • It does.
Our report shows that he wanted more force
for general business previous to the sending
of this business. This doubles the business
of his office.'
Mr. KERR. One further inquiry.1 Does
it appear to the committee from the report of
the Seeond Auditor, or from the evidence,
there is r«rom for these proposed additional
clerks in his office?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I called
upon the Secretary of War and he plaeed at
the disposal of the Second Auditor ive addi-
tional rooms in which these clerks could work.
I yield now to the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Paine,] a member of the committee.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, the anxiety for
the prompt settlement of the additional boun-
ties secured by the act of July 28, 1866, which
is evinced by hundreds of thousands of soldiers
and by millions of soldiers' friends throughout
the length and breadth ctf the Republic, and
by their Representatives on this floor, prompts
me to add something to the report ana remarks
submitted by the honorable chairman of the
committee. In order to make my statement
more intelligible permit me, sir, at the outset
to recur to the provisions of that act.
It requires the Paymaster General to pay a
bounty of $100 to every soldier who enlisted
after April 19,' 1861, for three years or more,
and was honorably discharged at the end of
his service or for wound* received in the line
of duty, and was entitled under existing laws
to a bounty of $100, and 110 more ; and to pay
a bounty of fifty dollars to every soldier not
included in the foregoing provision who en-
listed after April 14, 1861, for two years or
more, and was honorably discharged after two
years' service or for wounds received in the
line of duty, and was entitled under existing
laws to a bounty of $100, and no more. It
requires the Treasury Department to pa}' the
same bounties to the widows, minor heirs,
and parents of such soldiers in case they died
in the service of disease contracted or wounds
received in the service and in the line of duty.
; And it requires both the Paymaster General
and the officers of the Treasury to observe
in the settlement of the bounties such rules
and regulations as the Secretary of War may
prescribe.
It was the obvious duty of the Secretary
1 of War, in view of the heavy expenditure of
money involved in the execution of ihis law,
to take care that the rules and regulations pre-
scribed should furnish the most effective safe-
guards against frauds, whether-upon the Gov-
ernment or upon the soldiers concerned.which
skill and experience coutd devise. He imposed
the duty of framing them upon a board of mili-
tary officers peculiarly qualified for its perform-
ance. The rules and regulations prepared by
this board were adopted by the Secretary of
War, and promulgated, as Colonel Brooke in-
formed us, on the 16th of September, 18(36.
Meantime, more thart seventy-five thousand
informal applications bad been received by the
Paymaster General,.a large proportion of
j which, lacking the substance of the require-
I ments prescribed by the Secretary of War, were
1 returned for amendment. The entire number
of claims for additional bounty received by the
: Paymaster General up to December 1, 1807,
was four hundred and twelve thousand and
i thirty. That they are not yet all received is
j shown by the fact that five thousand and sixty-
i four were presented in the month of November.
When a claim of this kind is received at the
pay department it* receipt is acknowledged
and a brief made. It is then sent to a branch
Of the pay -department called the division of
referred claims, now under the charge of
Colonel William R. Gibsoa, when1 it is recorded
in the book appropriated to the State which
famished the military organization to which
the claimant belonged, and referred for settle-
ment to -the paymaster assigned to the settle-
ment of each claims from that State; There
are ten of these paymasters in the division of
referred claims. Lfpon receipt of the claim by
the_proper paymaster, he records it in a sepa-
rate book appropriated to the regiment to
which'the claimant belonged.
The next step is for the paymaster 1rho haS
charge of the case to ascertain whether the
cjai.mantig, undef the act of Congress, entitled
to the additional bounty. In this inquiry is of
course involved most of the labor and difficulty
incident to the settlement of these demands.
The necessary information is to be found in the
muster-out rolls or pay-rolls (or both) of the
companies or detachments in which the soldiers
were mustered out or paid. The.bureatf of the
Second Auditor of the Treasury is the lawful
depository of these' rolls. Bat they are first
received at the bureau of the Paymaster Gen-
eral as accompanying vouchers of accounts of
paymasters who have paid troops, and after a
preliminary examination are transmitted by
the Paymaster General with the accounts of
such paymasters to the office of the Second
Auditor. The primary purpose, therefore,
subserved by these rolls is that of vouchers for
paymasters' accounts ; their use in the settle-
ment of bounties is incidental. Colonel Gib-
son testified that an examination made at the
Second Auditor's office showed that more than
half of the muster-out rolls had already been
transferred to that office before the passage of
the additional bounty law. The rest were
