3768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
of a law a year ago regulating the salaries of
judges of the United States courts and repeal-
ing so much of the former acts recited in this
bill us authorized pay to t.he district judges who
were called in out of their districts did not
repeal the rest of the law and take away the
power of the justices of the Supreme Court to
call in judges from the other districts. The
object of this bill is simply to declare that that
power exists, but to repeal specifically that
clausc which authorized extra compensation.
That is ail there is of it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will inquire if there
was a law providing extra compensation for a
district judge when he performed circuit court
duties which this bill proposes to repeal?
Mr. TRCJMBCJLL. There was such a law
formerly, but that law was repealed a year ago
when we increased the salaries of the district
judges. We then repealed expressly the law
that authorized any extra compensation to be
made toadistriet judge who performed services
out of his district.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will inquire of my
friend whether there was any law authorizing
extra compensation? Was it anything more
than the actual expenses ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is extra compen-
sation. That was the form of the law, com-
pensation in the way of expenses.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. If they were called
into another district they were paid the actual
expenses incurred in the performance of that
duty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Their expenses were
allowed them, about ten dollars a day or some-
thing like that, ordinarily ; but a year ago we
added to the salaries of the district judges,
increasing mostof them from $2,000 to $3,£>00,
and when that increase of salary was made,
the law authotizing the payment iif expenses,
if you please to put it in that form, Lo judges
called out of their districts, was repealed ex-
pressly; and now when a judge performs duty
outside of his district his expenses are not
paid by the United States. But some of the
justices of the Supreme Court had doubts
whether the authority to call a judge out of
bis district was not also repealed by implica-
tion when we repealed that portion of the law
allowing him his expenses, in order to make
that certain, about which I do not think there
is now any uncertainty, but others think dif-
ferently, this bill is introduced by which so
much of the law as authorizes a judge of a dis-
trict court to be called out of his district under
certain circumstances is declared to be in full
force. '1 hat is all there is of this bill.
Mr. JOUNSOX. The bill is rendered ne-
cessary by a doubt entertained by the judge for
the circuit embracing the State of New York,
Mr. Justice Nelson. He is of the opinio"1!),
and he has been acting upon the correctness
of that opinion, that he cannot now call any
judge out of the paiticular district in wlueli
lie may be holding a circuitcourt, to dischaige
the dudes of a judge within the districtof New
Yo.k. The original authority was given in
terms, and it piovided that the judge who was
so called was to be paid his expei ses, 1 think
not to exceed ten dollars a day. That being
repealed, Mr. Justice Nelson supposed that
the authority to call upon a judge to perform
such duty was «1m> repealed. Whether he is
right or wrong in that opinion—I concur with
the chairman of our committee that he is in
error—is immaterial, lie honestly thinks such
is the elfect ot the law which we havo passed,
and the result is, the business of New York is
suffering very much. That will be corrected
by the bill proposed by the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think this bill ought to
be amended so as to provide that when district
judges are requested to go out of their dis-
tricts to hold a circuit court, and they go in
compliance with that request, they shall have
their necessary expenses paid, notwithstand-
ing the alleged iuciease of salaries. The dis-
trict judge of the State of Oiegon, for two suc-
cessive years, has been to Sau Francisco, and
held the circuit court there, in the absence |
of Judge Field, spending some two or three I
months at a time in holding that circuit court, j
at very great expense to iura. He is only paid, ,
I believe, 83*500 in greenbacks for his ser |
vices, in consequence of which he is unable to ;
defray the necessary expenses of this journey ]
and of this service in San Francisco and his
Other expenses. I have made an ineffectual '
effort here to have his salary increased as it j
ought to be. It will be remembered that the ;
expenses of traveling and other expenses on !
the Pacific coast are much larger than they j
are here, because there a dollar in greenbacks j
only counts as seventy cents, and if a man j
pays his expenses at a hotel in greenbacks, I
the money that he receives from the Govern- j
merit, he is compelled to discount, every dollar j
thirty cents on the dollar. In this way it is i
impossible for that district judge to meet his i
necessary expenses, particularly when he per- i
forms these circuit court duties. ;
It liasbeen necessary, I suppose, Judge Field ,
being absent here in Washington attending the ;
Supreme Court, and unable to attend the
circuit court in San Francisco, for the conven-
ience of suitors and for all the public interests
involved, that the district judge of Oregon
should attend to that court, and he has per-
formed a large amount of business in that
capacity at that court. He is compelled to
pay his traveling expenses, going a distance
of some seven or eight hundred miles. He is
compelled, while lie is in San Francisco for
three or four months, to pay hotel and other
expenses, which are very heavy. To require
him to perforin these duties and at the same
time deny that he shall have his expenses paid,
it seems to me is doing an act of injustice. If
additional duties are imposed upon a district
judge, it'he is required to hold a circuit court, |
and perform the duties of a circuit judge, I do
not see any reason why he should not at least
have his expenses paid. I move to amend the
amendment reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary by adding:
Provided, The distiict .iudqc of Oregon shall he
allowed lus traveling and oilier reasonable expenses
in attending the circuit court of the United States in
California.
Mr. COLE. I have been acquainted with
the case to which the Senator from Oregon
has made allusion, and concur with him in the
opinion that it is but right and just that the
district judge who comes from Oregon down
to San Francisco to hold the circuit court
should he paid his reasonable expenses. His
salary is but very small at best, payable in
greenbacks. I believe it is but $3,000 a year ;
and it certainly is putting upon him a very
great and unreasonable burden to require him
to go that great distance, nearly a thousand
miles, to hold a court without any extra com-
pensation. Several of the most reputable
lawyers of San Francisco have communicated
with me by letter on this subject, realizing the
great hardship that it is upon this Oregon
judge,.) udge ijeady, to come to San Francisco
and hold this court. I hope, therefore, that
j the amendment which the Senator from Oregon
I proposes will be readily adopted by the Senate.
It is only an act of justice in this case.
Mr. CO KB LIT I'. I bad the honor to pre-
sent a bill for the increase of the salary of i
Judge Deady in the fore pait of the session,
which bill was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary. The Committee oti the Judi-
ciary did not feel disposed to report the bill
back, as they feared that they might be obliged
to raise the salaries of other judges, although
it only proposed to give him the same salary
that was given to the judges of California.
The judge from Oregon, J udge Deady, informed
me it was impossible for him to live upon his
salary, it being paid in greenbacks, while his
expenses were all payable in gold. Three
thousand dollars in greenbacks, if that be his
salary, would amount, with greenbacks at
seventy cents, to about two thousand one hun-
dred dollars in goid. That will not support
his family, lie has quite a large family. He
is a very able man, and of course he must live
in accordance with his station and his position
in society. He is not an extravagant man. I
assure Senators that it will be nothing-more
■than justice to him, a very worthy _ and very
able lawyer and judge, to adopt this amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish it to be under-
stood by the Senate that this billthat is intro-
duced here has nothing to do with salaries at
all. It is not a bill either increasing or dimin-
ishing salaries. It is a bill requiring the judges
of district courts to perform this service when
called upon by the justices of the Supreme
Court. I think that is the law now ; but there
is some question about it in the minds of
of the justices of the Supreme Court. I his
bill is only to make that specific; and I am
sorry that there is this attempt to embarrass
it by increasing compensation, either by way
of paying expenses or otherwise, to any of
these judges.
Let me say to the Senators from Oregon
that the salaries of the district judges were put
up only a year ago, most of them $1,500, a
much larger sum than their expenses would
be, and the bill provided at that time that that
was to be all their compensation. If you are
to listen to every letter that is written here by
a lawyer or a clerk of a court recommending
the increase of the salary of a judge, you will
! have to increase the salaries of all the judges.
\ They are not satisfied with them. You can-
: not put on this provision in regard to Oregon
j without having the same in reference to Rhode
j Island and Vermont and New Hampshire and
i Connecticut, and every other State whose dis-
: trict judge is sometimes called out into a neigh-
boring district, perhaps at an expense of fifty
or one hundred, or possibly five hundred dol-
lars; and yet within a year we liavegiven nearly
every one of them $1,£>00 increase o( salary,
which was intended at the time to be a lull
compensation. Let me say to the Senators
I from Oregon that, in my judgment, that bill
i increasing these salaries $l,o0O, and some of
them $2,000, never could have passed unless
it had been understood that that was to be all
the compensation that the district judges were
to have. I hope no attempt will be made ia
this bill to increase salaries.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator
I from Illinois is always clear and exact when he
| knows the facts connected with the subject
! upon which he speaks. That he does not in
j this case, he will permit me to say, is evidenced
by what he has said while up. In place of dis-
cussing the exact tacts, as stated by the Senators
from .Oregon, he goes into a general denuncia-
tion q{ the proposition, and involves it in con-
nection with all the district judges of the Uui-
i ted States and laws passed lor the increase of
i their salaries. I will say to the Senator that
| all he may say on this subject does not meet
[ the facts stated nor controvert them. 'The facts
! stated are exactly correct. There is but one
I district judge in California, Judge Hoffman,
; sitting at San Francisco. The second district
I has been abolished ; and there is now a bill to
j create a second district before the committee
of which the honorable Senator is chairman.
\ It is simply impossible for J udge Hoffman to
; hold Jjdge Field's circuit court, because his
; own docket is behind hundreds of cases, and
this condition of things cannot be changed
' until there is an increase of judicial labor
! given and piovided tor. Judge Deady cannot
i come down liom Oregon upon his salary and
i hold couit there ; and yet he has done it, not
feeling it to be his duty to refuse, and thus
prevent the administration of justice in Cali-
fornia. He hasdone it at an immense expense
to himself. No $100, I will tell the Senator,
nor $500, pa>s Judge Deady's expenses for
coming down from Oregon and returning there,
and living three mouths at the city of San
, Francisco. If you could by any means transfer
the houorable Senator to one of these judge-
ships, he would understand the matter at, once,
and he would find out how far §100 in green-
backs go toward paying the expenses of a Uni-
ted States district judge on that coast.
