1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Bailey.
Ho. of Reps.
lie oftcers us should be indictable under the narrow
criminal .code of the United States. I say that such
a construction restricts this constitutional provision
far too much. And this is the view of Mr. Curtis.
If a. man in office has committed an indictablecrime
let him be indicted; and that will remove him Irom
office; that will send him to the penitentiary or the
gailows. You do not need theimpeaehins power for
the criminal offender. Butwhaiif an officerhaSBot
committed an indictable offense, and yet has done
that which by common consent violates the purposes
for which his office was instituted? if I understand
my friend irom Ohio [Mr. Van Tkump] and other
gentlemen to whom X am extremely sorry to find
myself opposed, and for whom I entertain sreat re-
spect, such an official must go unwhipped of justice,
because, forsooth, the wrong whichbehas committed
has not been defined in the criminal statutes of tbe
United Statesl In other words, the people have no
power of protecting themselves against a delinquent
or unfaithful oublicofficer, except, indeed, by defining
as an indictable offense every possible delinquency,
every possible act of maladministration, and thus
imbedding it in their criminal law.
'* I have no idea that the people'of this country
entertained any such view in adopting the Constitu-
tion."
I have heard no answer to this lucid ex-
position, nor can I conceive any that can be
made. Such, then, being the jurisdiction of
Congress over this matter of impeachment, it
is quite plain that we might have preferred
charges to the Senate for trial long ago ; for
all Union men, in and out of the House, have
all along substantially agreed that the Presi-
dent has heretofore been guilty of deliberate
and gross official misconduct in repeated in-
stances which has disgraced the country and
endangered its peace and safety. But, not-
withstandingthis, I and those with whom I have
acted have heretofore believed that the country
could better endure this disgrace and peril for
a few months longer than suffer the further
postponement of the questions to which I have
alluded and the strife and bitterness which
must inevitably attend an impeachment. I
think, sir, I fully realize the nature, the im-
portance, and the solemnity of such a proceed-
ing. I do not forget that the impcaehmcnt of a
President of the United States is without pre-
cedent. I concede that it should not be done
except in cases of extreme necessity. But I
know also that the framers of the Constitution,
seeing that just such a necessity might come,
placed the power to impeach distinctly in that
instrument. Nor can 1 doubt either that the
authority so conferred impliedly imposes upon
us a positive obligation to exercise it when-
ever such a necessity arises. We cannot in
that case avoid the responsibility if we would.
To do so would be both weak and criminal.
Does such a necessity now exist for the im-
peachment of Andrew Johnson, President of
the U nited States ? 1 would gladly say no, but
I cannot. With every disposition to avoid this
conclusion, as my past acts have shown, the
recent conduct ot the Executive compels me to
vote for his impeachment. I must now see
that this country cannot have peace or even
quiet so long as Andrew Johnson occupies his
present position ; that the. making of laws is
asolemn farce while he remains the Executive ;
that the restoration of the southern States to
their practical relations to the Union is impos-
sible while he, as President, can hinder and
delay it; that a great portion of the time of
Congress must be engrossed in protecting the
country against his misconduct and usurpations,
to the exclusion of all other legislation, so long
as he remains in power.
He has at last broken through all restraints
and deliberately and wantonly violated the laws
of the land. If! understand him, he does not
deny that he has violated the tenure-of-office
act. His only excuse is that in his judgment
that act is unconstitutional, and consequently
no law at all. And yet it was passed in the
manner prescribed by the Constitution and
duly placed upon your statute-book. The Con-
stitution declares it to be a law. As such it is
binding upon every citizen of the Republic, from
the President to the beggar. The latter has
precisely the same right as the former to treat
it aa invalid. I shall not argu® so plaiu a
proposition, neither shall I argue the constitu-
tionality of theact itself. Thatisnot theques-
tion which Andrew Johnson must, answer or
with which we have now to do. The real ques-
tion is whether Andrew Johnson, exercising
presidential functions, shall be permitted to
trample under his feet any and all acts of
Congress passed into laws m accordance with
the Constitution which he chooses to pro-
nounce invalid? This, 1 repeat, is the sole
question. Let us not be diverted from it, nor
permit him or his defenders to make side issues.
And, confining him to this bold issue, which
he himself has here so defiantly made, how can
he be defended ?
But, sir, bad as is this act of his, if it stood
alone and nothing further was to be appre-
hended, I would be strongly inclined to meet
it, annul it, and let it pass. But the history
of the last three years, teaching us by example
after example of a settled determination on
his part to accomplish his own usurpations,
and to override every other department of the
Government for that purpose, satisfies us that
this is but one part of the drama he would
perform. Allow him impunity here and the
Fortieth Congress might as well adjourn sine
die: If he did not kick you out of the Capitol,
as he told the people of St. Louis he would
do in 1866, he would treat you as "traitors
hanging on the verge of the Government,"
of no account to gods or men. Your proposed
constitutional amendments, your numerous
statutes for the reconstruction of the southern
States and the safety of the country would be
regarded by him as so much rubbish to be
destroyed, while that system known as "my
policy " would be administered as the law of
the land. I do not think 1 exaggerate the
audacity and foolhardiness of this man or mis-
take his arrogant pretensions. I do not believe
there is another living American of whom,
under like circumstances, such things could
be said, but we must willfully shut our eyes to
the past conduct of Andiew Johnson not to
know that he will do anything to accomplish
his own purposes. And if he be now allowed
to escape the consequences of this deliberate
violation of the tenure-of-office law, enacted
among other things for the very purpose of
preventing his doing jnst what.he has done,
who will pretend to say what he will not do
hereafter, or where his defiance of law will
stop ?
•X conclude, therefore, that there is a great
public necessity for the impeachment of An-
drew Johnson. Since we cannot avoid the
constitutional responsibility imposed upon us
let us act in this matter calmly, but promptly
and decisively. The excitement, and perhaps
uneasiness also, it may cause, we cannot pre-
vent. But I think 1 understand the temper of
the people of this country well enough to say
that they will insist that no unnecessary delay
attend these proceedings. They will recognize
the propriety of all needful time for the defense
of the accused, but they will not tolerate de-
lays unnecessary for the purposes of framing
articles of impeachment, and of a fair and im-
partial trial.
I assume from the general tenor of this de-
bate that we shall confine our articles of im-
peachment to these last acts of the President
in violation of the tenure-of-office law. I earn-
estly hope that this purpose will not be changed.
It presents a simple, plain ease, requiring no
proofs, I suppose, except the record. It will
be impossible for the ingenuity of counsel to
protract a trial upon such a charge before a
body like tbe Senate. And surely there can
neither be a necessity nor a propriety in delay-
ing our action here. The legal and constitu-
tional questions relating to impeachment gen-
erally were exhaustively discussed on this floor
last month. The present case presents but a
single point, which needs only to be stated to
be understood.
Of course the other sid« will clamor for tim«
to discuss this matter. With well-affected in-
dignation they will protest againstpassing this
resolution "in hot haste, without debate, arid
in violation of their rights." A11 this we most
expect, for denunciation of the tyranny of the
majority, recitals of their own political griefs,
and blocking all action of this kind, consti-
tute the heaviest portion of their congressional
labors. If they had a week for debate all to
themselves they would say the same things
when we at last demanded a vote. Of course,
also, the other side will continue as they have
already done, to denounce this resolution as
ridiculous, tyrannical, infamous, Jacobinical,
suicidal, revolutionary, and above all and most
detestable of all, Radical! Butwe have heard
all this over and over again. These epitbetB,
and a long list in addition, are in turn applied
by these gentlemen to each measure devised
by Congress for the safety of the country.
Their repetition has become "stale, flat, and
unprofitable." Billingsgate is evidently ex-
hausted. The other side have not been able
to find one new term of vituperation for this
occasion.
But there is a style of speech indulged in
here and elsewhere, in reference to our pro-
posed action, which demands more than a
passing allusion. I re'fer to the grandiloquent
threats thundered in our ears, that the depo-
sition of President Johnson will not be sub-
mitted to by the patriotic, high-toned Dem-
ocratic party. Like all the rest of their talk
this threat is old and worn out. It is only a
burlesque upon, or a feeble imitation of, the
memorable scenes in this Capitol in the winter
of 1860-61, when the arch-traitors stood here
m their places and declared that the people of
the South, constituting the Democratic party
of the South, would not submit to the ascend-
ancy of Abraham Lincoln and the Republican
party, so help them God. If this language
means now what it meant then—indeed, if it
means anything, it is that the Democratic
party, in a certain contingency, will take up
arms to overthrow Congress.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Woodward,] who has just spoken, used lan-
guage which I trust will bo known to every
man in this country. After arguing that this
is a rump Congress, because the South is not
represented therein, and consequently that the
House cannot constitutionally impeach the
President nor the Senate try him, he closed
his speech as follows:
" Mr. Speaker, so Sure am X that the American
poople will respect this objection that I will say, if I
were the President's counselor, which I am not, X
would advise hira, if you prefer articles of impeach-
ment, to demur both to your jurisdiction and that of
the Senate, and to issue a proclamation giving you
and all the world notice that while ho held himself
impeachable for misdemeanors in office before the
constitutional tribunal, he never would subject the
office he holds in trustfor the people to the irregular,
unconstitutional, fragmentary bodies who proposed
to strip him of it. Such a proclamation, with the
Army and Navy in hand to sustain it, would meet a
popular response that would maJie an end of im-
peachment and irapeaehers."
The honest Democratic masses throughout
tbe country should mark these declarations.
They should know the line of conduct to which
their leaders are committing the party; they
should see that these leaders are unchanged at
heart by the events of the war; that they sym-
pathize with the rebels to-day as they did in
1861 and throughout the war, and if they mean
what they say, that they are ready to incite a
fresh insurrection against the constituted au-
thorities of the United States. A large portion
of these honest Democratic masses repudiated
these false leaders and their principles during
the war and stood shoulder to shoulder with
us in defending the life of the nation. I feel
entirely confident that such men, Democrats
though they be, will never follow such leader-
ship as this, nor support the principles here
avowed. They love their country ; they know
that the land can have neither peace nor safety
witkout submission to law oa the part of ©very
