1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1721
As invalids are, by existing laws, paid out of the
Navy pension fund, no appropriation is required.
\\ iJows, children, t£"C., under the acts of August 11,
18-18, July 1 i, 1802, and July 25, loGJ.
Amount of appropriation unexpended June 30,1807,
is  $8,533 43
Amount ol appropriation lor tile current
year 280,000 00
Payments during the year to 1,327 widows,
and others, on the roils June 30, 18&7,
with an annual rate of $210,090, and to
200 widows and others that will be added,
together with the increase and arrear-
ages, estimated to be $288,533 43
There will be on the rolls June 30, 1868, say 1,500
widows and others, whose annual rate and some
arrearages win be $260,000 00
Add for 200 new pensions with airearages ^
and tor increase, say  70,000 00
Requiring an appropriation from the Navy
pension tund tor the year ending Juno
30,186!), of $330,000 00
The Navy pension fund proper is about thir-
teen million dollars. It is stated in this way:
"The principal is invested in six per cent. United
States stock, with the interest payable in Jauntily
and July. Interest leeeived during the year ending
June 30, 1867, S911,5(j5 35."
So that it will be seen that the interest ac-
cruing over and above the demands upon this
fund is something over half a million dollars.
I believe, sir, this is a precise statement of the
matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. I really think, as the
House of Representatives have transferred this
fund, the lust of the old special funds, to the
Treasury of the United States, the Senate
ought not to stop that proper reform. Origin-
ally there were many special funds. There
were the sinking fund, the laud fund, and the
pension fund, and various others, which were
only taxes levied in various forms and set aside
for the purpose of meeting various kinds of
liabilities. These have been gradually carried
into the general fund, so that there is now no
special fund of this kind except this one. I(,or
instance, 1 will tell the Senator from Iowa of
a ease. Formerly, under the laud laws, all
the proceeds of the public lands were carried
into a special fund and speeilically pledged on
mortgage for the payment of the principal of
the national debt. Although that pledge was
continued year after year it was not observed.
It was kept in the Treasury as a special fund,
but was linally carried into the general funds
of the Treasury: and so with many other funds.
For instance, the captured and abandoned
property might bo called a special fund, about
which we have had a great deal of controversy
here recently. The captured and abandoned
property was used as a special lund outside of
the Treasury; and only the other day we or-
dered that to be carried into the general fund.
Mr. GRIMES. Did the law set that aside
as a special fund ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir ; but it was used
as a special fund. I do not want to go into that
controversy. Now, there is no fund except
the naval pension fund that I am aware of
which is not in the general Treasury of the
United States. The process by which this
thing is done is a very ridiculous one. ihere
18 nothing charged in the tund but the Navy
pensions. They amount to $330,000; and yet
the Secretary of the Navy to pay them takes
out of the Treasury S780.000 in gold, and it is
sold by the Secretary of the Navy, and then
the paper money received lrom the sale of
this gold is used in the Treasuary to pay these
pensions and the balance is allowed to accu-
mulate. An idea is prevailing among many
officers of the Navy that this is their fund, this
is their money ; they have some kind of claim
upon it: and at some time or other probably
we shall be called upon to treat this as money
of the Navy. It is not the money of the Navy.
It is that share of the prizes which belongs to
the United States, and is just as much the
money of the United Slates as money collected
from any kind of taxes; just as much the
money of ike United States as money collected
from the income tax, the sale ot public lands,
or any other tax. It is a mere fiction. It is
used to swell the aggregate of the national
debt, and is in our statement of the public
debt to-day, as $13,000,000 due to the naval
pension fund. It is not a debt at all; it has
no features of a debt; and I therefore do not
see why it is not better at once to simplify the
matter by wiping it out, carrying it into the
Treasury, and appropriating in the ordinary way
for Navy pensions. Since the House of Rep-
resentatives have proposed this course I trust
the Senate will not strike out this section. No
material interest is involved, and the sailors
are not at all afraid that they will not. be prop-
erly provided for by the annual appropriation
bills. I shall, therefore, vote against the
amendment, and hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. So far as I know, 1 never
heard before, and I do not believe that there is
any idea or opinion entertained by the naval
officers, that this fund belongs to them ; and I
think I can safely relieve the Senator from
Ohio from any apprehensions that t hose officers
will ever call upon Congress to distribute the
fund among them. There is an idea among
the sailors, of whotn there arc from sixty to one
hundred and fifty thousand in this country,
that this is a trust fund dedicated to a particu-
lar purpose, and that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States would violate a faith pledged to them
_ i_ .   ..... ioiw : r tln)t -Pnn/1
as long ago as 1800 if you take that fund awajr
from them and put it into the Treasury of the
United States.
The Senator speaks to us about other funds,
and compares this to the land-lund that was cre-
ated when we first began the land system.
Whv, sir, theie is no possible analogy between
that case and this. This fund is composed of
the earnings of men in our employment, which
we pledge to them when they risk their lives
in order to secure that property and bring it
into our ports. We pledged ourselves that
when they attacked the enemy's vessels and
captured them, if they would cripple the enemy
to the exlent that those captures went and re-
enforce the resources of our country by bring-
ing them into our ports where they could be
condemned by our courts, this fund should be
dedicated for all time to come for a specific
purpose. That is their idea; and now the
question is, whether we, without any consider-
ation, without the proposition coining to us
from any of the legitimate committees ol tins
body that have the subject under consideration,
shall make this diversion at the instance of the
Senator from Ohio, without any special reason |
that I have heard except that he says all other
special funds, between which and this there is
no possible analogy, have been done away
with.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will allow me
to correct him. I did not bring this subject
here. It is brought in here by a bill passed by
the House of Representatives, and now the
Senate Committee on Appropriations propose
to strike this section out.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senate committee pro-
pose to strike it out. The Senate Committee
on Appropriations, who have had the subject
under consideration, have reported to the Sen-
ate, without any disagreement, so far as the
Senate knows and so far as 1 know, that it
should be stricken out; but the Senator lrom
Ohio objects to its being stricken out. Now, I
say it is incumbent upon him to show the rea-
sons why it should not be stricken out. Has
he shown any? I am willing to submit that
question to the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My connection with the
Committee on Naval Affairs has made it my
duty to consider at different times the relation
of this fund to the Treasury, and I do not agree
with the senator from Ohio that we ought to
support the proposition that comes from the
House of Representatives. We cannot, in this
condition of business, properly discuss the
question whether "we ou^ht to stand by the sjs-
tem of giving to the officers and men of the
Navy prize money. I suppose experience has
shown that it is a wise system. It stimulates
the officers and crews of our vessels to make
prizes and to preserve the prizes when captured.
This naval pension fund is but the accumula-
tions of the prize money—not that portion of
the prize money that goes to the crews and offi-
cers, but the other half that has gone into the
Treasury as a special fund, and it is a security
for the payment of the pensions that go to the
Navy. What is the advantage of transferring
it to the Treasury and making it a part of the
Treasury? It is a question, I suppose, of book-
keeping. The money is not lying idle in the
Treasury any more than any other money, as I
understand. It is used like other money, but
the accounts are kept in a peculiar way, and
they pass through the Navy Department.
Now, sir, a naval officer or a seaman who
is placed upon the Navy pension list does not
feel that he is a bounty man from the Govern-
ment. lie does not feel that he is a mere
dependent upon tlieTreasnry. He feels when
lie gets his pension on pay-day that he is get-
ting that which his comrades have earned for
him, and he feels a pride in receiving that pen-
sion which he cannot enjoy if it is made a part
of the common Treasury. This system that
has done no harm, but worked well so far, is
a partof the pride of the Navy. I do not think
it ought to be stricken down on a general ap-
propriation bill. It ought to come up, if it is
to be considered at nil, as an independent
proposition. I hope the recommendation of
the committee to strike out this section will foe
sustained.
Mr. JOHNSON. T have always supposed
that under the act of 1800, by which this fund
has come into tlieTreasnry, it was in the na-
ture of a trust fund. The United States have
nothing to do with it except to keep it and
supply it from time to time for the benefit of
the cestui qui trusts. The object of the act to
which I have referred was evidently to stimu-
late the officers and sailors of the Navy to vig-
ilance, and to do so by providing- that the cap-
tures which might come in, to the extent of a
certain proportion, should be left in the J reas-
ury, subject, in so many words, that out of that
they were to be paid their pensions from
to time. Now, although I suppose there would
be no actual danger that the pensions would
not be punctually paid from time to time as
they might mature, yet I think the officers and
men of the Navy might suppose that if the
Government should be in a situation hereafter
when it would use the whole fund they could
not be paid except out of the general amount
in the Treasury. I do not recollect—i have
not been the law luU'.ly—whether there are ex-
press terms of trust in relation to the funu ;
but my opinion always has been that it was
intended to be considered by Congress, and
lias, in fact, been so considered by the Navy, as
a fund in the hands of the United States sub-
ject specifically to the payment of pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not wish to prolong
this argument; but the idea now suggested by
the Senator from Indiana and the Senator
from Maryland, that the Navy would be im-
pelled to make captures by this fund, is simply
absurd. The law gives them their one half of
all captures. That impels them to make cap-
tures if their duty does not impel them to do
so. They get that already. 'Hie other halt
goes into the Treasury and constitutes a tund.
When it was constituted it was merely a con-
venient form of book-keeping. All other ac-
counts were kept in funds in the same way,
and the particular items of expenditure were
charged against those funds. They adopted
the English system of keeping accounts, iliat
is all therewasofit. The naval ofheersand sail-
ors get their one half paid to them. Now, in
the process of time, this fund has accumulated
until it amounts to $13,000,000 and it is en-
tered on the statement of our public debt as so
much debt when it is not a debt at all. It has
none of the elements ot a debt. Lnless the
sailors really think the United States will not
pay them their pensions there is not the
slightest object in keeping up this fund, I hey
