338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
employed upon this work, if so many compe-
tent clerks could be found, with a loss of not
more than one third of their time, which loss,
if it were the only difficulty to be encountered,
the merits and necessities of the claimants
would not only authorize but require us to
incur. And if two hundred clerks could be
placed upon this work by the middle of the
present month, and could prosecute it at the
„rate maintained during last November, they
would examine one hundred and six thousand
four hundred cases per month, and would com-
plete the work before the end of next March.
But other difficulties would be encountered
if we should direct so large an increase of this
clerical force. In the first place, there is no
time to train men for this duty. They must
be already fitted for it. Two hundred such
men cannot, perhaps, be promptly secured.
In the next place that large increase would
involve such an increase in the pay depart-
ment of the Army, and such an enlargement
of office room in the Treasury Department, as
could not possibly be effected soon enough to
be of any practical benefit to the soldiers.
But, sir, in my judgment, the least, the very
least we can do, is to increase this force forth-
with to one hundred men, and to furnish them
adequate office room without a single day's
delay. If you will refer to the evidence you
will find that Mr. Pearson thinks the force
might be quadrupled, (see page 7 ;) Colonel
Brooke thinks that one clerk coxild without
inconvenience* be employed on each one
hundred rolls, and that the want of room is
the only practical difficulty in the way of an
increase, (pages 13 and 15;) Mr. Lusk, chief
of the division of paymasters' accounts in the
Second Auditor's office, is of the opinion that
with half of one of the stories in Winder's
building they could readily employ one hun-
dred men on the rolls, (page 17:) Mr. Pierce, the
chief of this very bounty division, supposes they
could employ one hundred men well enough,
if they had plenty of room. The detailed
statements of fact made by the witnesses most
conversant with the subject leave no room for
doubt as to the necessity or practicability of
increasing the force without delay to one hun-
dred men. The only doubt I have is whether
we ought not to go further.
If we make this increase and the examina-
tions are made as rapidly as they were in the
month of November more than fifty-three thou-
sand cases will be examined each month, and
all hitherto presented will have been disposed
of before the end of next May. But the offi-
cers of the pay department testify that the ten
additional paymasters now assigned to this
duty could only pay from twenty-five to thirty
thousand bounty claims per month, and if the
Second Auditor's answers should be received
at a more rapid rate than that the Paymaster
General would be unable to keep pace with
him without more paymasters. These can be
appointed under existing laws. It will be
necessary, also, to provide adequate room for
the additional clerical force in the Second
Auditor's office.
1 will therefore propose two amendments to
the bill reported by the committee, to which
my colleagues on the committee will, I doubt
not, cordially assent. The first will make the
number of additional clerks sixty-seven instead
of twenty-five, so that the whole number will
be one hundred instead of fifty-eight. The
second will authorize and require the Secre-
tary of the Treasury promptly to provide ade-
quate room for the paymasters' accounts and
for all the clerks who may be obliged to use
the rolls which they contain.
But before I send these amendments to the
Clerk's desk I will consider the complaints
which have been made against different Depart-
ments of the Government for dereliction of
duty in the execution of the bounty act. Com-
plaints have been made against the VVar Depart-
ment and the Treasury Department.
The Secretary of War was bitterly reproached
for his delay in the promulgation of the regu- j
lations required by the act. Well, sir, he very I
wisely organized a board of competent officers
to prepare the regulations. The subject to be
regulated affected vast pecuniary interests and
concerned millions of citizens. It demanded
the most careful consideration. When their
work was done he submitted it to the Attorney
General for his official opinion as to its legality.
When the Attorney General had examined it
and pronounced it in conformity with law, the
Secretary adopted and promulgated the rules
and regulations. The time consumed was six
weeks. The act was passed July 28 and the
regulations issued September 16.
If Congress had never imposed any other
duty upou him it is probable that he could have
dispatched this more promptly. But it hap-
pened that in addition to the thousands of other
duties which we required him promptly to per-
form we passed the Army bill on the very same
day on which we passed this bounty bill and
thereby added immensely to the burdens of
those six weeks.
Certainly the uproar raised against the Pay-
master General because he returned to claim-
ants those premature applications, which were
made before the rules were issued, was alto-
gether senseless. If anybody merited reproach
for this we merited reproach; for in the act
we made it the duty of the Paymaster General
to pay the bounties under such rules and regu-
lations as the Secretary of War should pre-
scribe.
But why did the Paymaster General wait
over four months, from September 16 to Janu-
ary 1 before he commenced the payments?
Why did he not begin to pay as soon as the
rules were issued? I have often asked these
questions with considerable impatience myself.
In the progress of this examination I discov-
ered a conclusive reason why more or less time
ought to have intervened between the promul-
gation of the rules and regulations and the
commencement of the payments. The claims
were, of course, presented separately. If they
should be at once examined separately it would
be necessary to open the paymaster's accounts
and examine the rolls therein contained more
than four hundred thousand times. This would
have immensely prolonged the work, and abso-
lutely worn out many of the accounts and
rolls. But a classification of the accumulated
claims by regiments and companies of course
enabled the clerks to dispose of several cases
at a single examination of a roll, and so in
the end proportionably expedited the work.
Whether the Paymaster General delayed these
payments too long or commenced them too
soon I am unable to judge. But I am clear
that the interests of the great body of claim-
ants required more or less delay for this pur-
pose.
Again, it is asserted that the transfer of the
rolls which were in the office of the Paymaster
General when the bounty act was passed to the
office of the Second Auditor retarded the settle-
ment of the bounties; that the necessary exam-
inations could have been made with greater
facility in the pay department; and that the
pay department deliberately undertook to'' bury
up" the Second Auditor under this business.
Now, it is undoubtedly true that if the exam-
inations when made iu the Second Auditor's
office involved equal or greater labor than when
made in the Paymaster General's office, and a
larger number of clerks could have been em-
ployed in the examinations in the latter office
than in the former, then this work could have
been more expeditiously performed in the pay
department. But the testimony leaves ittloubt-
ful whether the examinations made in the Sec-
ond Auditor's office do or do not involve more
labor than when made in the Paymaster Gen-
eral's. Three of the witnesses think the work
would be the same in both offices, (pages 6, 9,
10.) Three of them think it would be less in
the Pavmaster General's, (pages 10, 28, 86.) I
am inclined to the opinion that the Paymaster
General had it in his power, at least after No-
vember 1, 1867, to employ more clerks on this
duty than were actually so employed in the Sec-
ond Auditor's office. For Mr. Lusk testified
that he understood that sixty-nine clerks were
discharged from the pay department on that
day. Mr. Mills, one of the discharged clerks,
puts the number at forty-nine. General Brice
testified that over seventy clerks had been dis-
charged and resigned during the year. Mr.
Mills was of the opinion that seventy-five clerks
could have been employed upon the examina-
tions in the PaymasterGeneral's office frotn the
beginning, and Colonel Brooke testified that
in his opinion the additional bounties might
have been paid one third sooner if the rolls had
been retained in his office. On the whole, Mr.
Speaker, I cannot doubt that the settlement
might have been materially accelerated if the
rolls had remained where they were at the
passage of the act.
But the reasons assigned for the transfer are
not to be overlooked. By law the Second Aud-
itor is made the depositary and custodian of
these rolls. They are sent to the pay depart-
ment for a single purpose : the preliminary ex
amination of the paymasters' accounts. When
that is made they are to be deposited in the
Second Auditor's office, to be permanently
preserved for four distinct uses in addition to
their use in the settlement of the additional
bounty claims of living soldiers. These four
uses are, as I have already stated: first, the
settlement of the paymasters' accounts; sec-
ond, the settlement of the additional bounty
claims of widows and heirs of deceased sol-
diers, which is devolved upon the Treasury
Department by the very same act which re-
quires the Paymaster General to pay such
claims when presented by living soldiers; third,
examinations made in response to inquiries
from the Pension Bureau; and fourth, the set-
tlement of arrears of pay, &c., and of claims
of soldiers whose discharges have been lost.
Now, bear in mind, sir, that at the passage of
the act more than half of the muster-out rolls
were already in the Second Auditor's office;
and consider the consequences if these, which
were then in the Paymaster General's office,
had been retained there. In the firtt place the
Paymaster General would still have been com-
pelled to apply to the Second Auditor for ex-
aminations of all the rolls in the office of the
latter; in the next place the Second Auditor
would have been compelled to send to the pay
department for the rolls as fast as the pay-
masters' accounts should be reached for set-
tlement. He would also have been compelled
to apply to that department for all examina-
tions of the retained rolls necessary for the set-
tlement of bounty claims of heirs and widows ;
and he would have been compelled to make
similar applications in cases of arrears of pay,
&c., and of soldiers who had lost their dis-
charges; and, finally, for answers to appJica-
tions for information received from the Pen-
sion Bureau.
The Paymaster General, then, by retaining
these rolls, would have assumed not only the
labor of examining the rolls in his own bounty
cases, but also four other distinct duties not
assigned to him by law. He would thus have
undertaken with from forty-nine to seventy
clerks more than half of the labor now actually
occupying the time of one hundred and sev
enty-five clerks. I see no dispatch in all this.
But why not temporarily put aside all other
uses of the rolls and devote them exclusively
to the settlement of the Paymaster General's
bounties? Why not make everything else
bend to the necessities of these soldiers? The
reason, sir, is this: the other uses of these
rolls—for the settlement of bounty claims of
heirs and widows, for the settlement of claims
8f soldiers whose discharges are lo6t, for tho
settlement of pay and other claims, and for
the decision of claims for pensions—are not
less urgent than the bounty claims of living
soldiers. Nay, sir, as a rule, in the cases of
widows and heirs and pensioners, they are
much more urgent.
Let me add, Mr. Speaker, that if it is true
that claims assigned to the Paymaster General
for settlement can be more rapidly investigated
in his own office, then it must, for the same rea-
