222
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Price.
40th Cons....2d
citizen, be he President or Congressman, high
or low, rich or poor. They will also take care
that political power be not committed to men
capable (according to their- own declarations)
of enforcing their opinions by bullets when
ballots fail them.
No, sir ; I will not .believe that those who
make these threats speak the sentiments or
declare .the purposes of the respectable mem-
bers of the Democratic party. And yet I must
concede that the declarations here and else-
where made, that the Democratic party will
not submit to certain specified congressional
action, is true to a limited extent, i concede
that the whole party at the South, and hun-
dreds of thousands of its members at the
North, are now ready and willing to take up
arms, not only to oppose our present action
but to overthrow and disperse Congress. The
southern portion of this party did actually try
for four years to accomplish this, and they had
the sympathy of their northern allies in the
attempt. There is no doubt whatever that
these same same men, North and South, would
renew the struggle to-day if they dared. It is
unquestionably true that every living rebel and
every rebel sympathizer in the land is now a
roaring Democrat, and a defender of the usurp-
ations of Andrew Johnson. It is true, also,
tbatallthe rum-holes, brothels, gambling-hells,
and other sinks of iniquity which curse our
cities are ready, now as ever, to fight for the
lost cause.
It is, moreover, true that all the scoundrels
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, from the
lakes to the gulf, who, during our moment-
ous struggle, rejoiced at rebel victories ; who
threatened blood and carnage in our own
streets; who actually destroyed orphan asylums
and attempted to sack and burn our cities, now
constitute no small part of the strength of the
Democratic party ; and they are ready to-day,
as they always have been, to steal, burn, rob,
and murder in aid of any movement having
for its object the overthrow of Republican
ascendency and the restoration to power of
the worst traitors that ever encumbered the
earth. Yes,sir; it is, indeed, true that wemust
beware of these wretches. We know them,
and society has guarded itself against them as
far as possible. Hence our penal statutes,
criminal courts, sheriff's, marshals, constables,
prisons, and police arrangements generally.
If these be not sufficient to restrain them from
crime ; if they venture to undertake the work
threatened upon this floor ; in short, if they
dare to raise armed hands against any of the
constituted authorities of this nation, or in
defense of official usurpation, I, in turn,
warn them that swift destruction will over-
whelm them. We have had quite enough of
these threats of armed resistance to Congress.
I want these gentlemen upon the other side to
cease this talk and begin their action. If the
defense of the Constitution and laws; if the
complete triumph of right and order requires
further bloodshed, let that fact be determined
now. If these men really mean rebellion, let
them inaugurate it at once. Let them marshal
their forces, let them summon the disbanded
rebel armies, telegraph to the militia of Mary-
land, said to be ready and willing, call for vol-
unteers from the slums of our cities and other
localities furnishing the necessary breed of
Democrats, appoint confederate generals over
the gathered clans, (for no Federal officer would
accept such a position,) and when all is ready
let them seize the Departments and oust the
Secretary of War, clean out this Capitol at the
point of thebavonet, garrison the White House,
and proclaim Andrew Johnson dictator, and
thus give the country a specimen of their
patriotism and statesmanship.
Again, I say, let this empty gasconade cease,
or let them make their words good by corre-
sponding deeds. And these are the men who
are constantly boasting here that the people
are about to sweep the Republicans from power
and give the control of this Government to
the Democratic party! If such a result was
ever possible the time has passed away. They
themselves have destroyed the only chances
they ever had. Deceived by the apathy of the
people last fall, intoxicated by political vic-
tories in certain quarters involving local and
comparatively unimportant issues, they at once
jumped to the conclusion that a change had
come over the people; they thought them ready
to abandon the principles for which they had
so long struggled and to accept those against
which they had so long contended. In this
state of mind they have been for some' three
months throwing off the prudential disguises
which concealed their actual intentions and
boldly avowing their real principles and policy.
They have themselves demonstrated, by speech
and pen, that they, like the Bourbons, have
forgotten nothing and learned nothing.
They themselves have shown that the eleva-
tion of the Democratic party to power would
be the triumph of the rebellion and the loss of
every principle for which we fought. And this
is all that has been wanting to call forth once
more those irresistible energies which recently
crushed the rebellion with one hand and re-
pressed the Democratic party with the other.
Not many weeks will elapse before the whole
country will be ablaze with patriotic ardor.
The millions who stood by the national flag
during the war will not now desert the cause it
then typified. They will not go over to the
black Uagof the enemy, nor permit that emblem
of a lost and infamous cause to be planted upon
this Capitol.
No, sir ; these gentlemen utterly mistake, as
they always have, the character of the Ameri-
can people. They cannot understand or ap-
preciate that the masses of our countrymen,
of all parties, are intensely loyal; that they
have party predilections certainly, but that party
interests are secondary to the prosperity, the
honor, and the safety of the country ; that they
will follow no leaders and no party that will
sacrifice or surrender these essentials; that
they are well informed and understand these
questions as well, and sometimes better, than
their self-constituted leaders; that they hate
secession, rebellion, and all its works and
sophistries; that they dislike strife, but when
it is forced upon them they will contend at the
polls and peril their lives in the field, if need
be, in defense of their nationality. Since our
opponents have kindly warned us of what they
deemed our dangers, simple courtesy requires
that we should, in turn, warn them of the cer-
tain disaster which awaits them. When the
results of the fail elections shall have been an-
nounced they will be the most mortified men
in America. They will find their policy buried
fathoms deep beneath the majestic wave of
popular indignation now rising, and which is
about to sweep irresistibly over the whole Union.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OP HON. HIRAM PRICE,
OF IOWA,
Ix the House of Represextatives,
March 2, 1868,
The House as in Committee of the "\VIio.e having
under consideration the articles of impeachment
reported from the committee.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Chairman, from the birth
of this nation to the present hourits bravest and
noblest minds and its truest sons have been
laboring for the elevation of right and the over-
throw of wrong. And now, after having avoided
perils and conquered difficulties which have
caused the downfall of other nations and the
overthrow of other republics, and when we had
just begun to congratulate ourselves that we
had passed all points of danger, we find our-
selves suddenly face to face with a new diffi-
culty and atthe threshold of an untried danger.
| For the first time in the history of this Gov-
j ernment the life of the Republic is threatened
I by him who occupies the chief seat of .power,
| and whose sworn duty it is to support and de-
fend it. When in the past danger has come
upon us from without we were prepared for
defense and have successfully beaten back the
armed oppressors; and when more recently the
rebellion of more than one third of our am
people took the form of a bloody civil war we
met and subdued it as none but a brave people,
influenced by high moral principles, could have
done.
For all of the past the history of other na-
tions furnished us at least with partial prece-
dents, but for the case now before us history is
silent. It is true, sir, that other nations have
sometimes removed their rulers, but in a major-
ity of cases such removals have not been peace-
ably made, in accordance with the rules of well
established laws.
When the dial of the clock to-day marks the
hour of four I will be required to cast my vote
for or against the articles of impeachment re-
ported to this House by the committee ap-
pointed for that purpose. As was my duty, i
have examined those articles carefully, and am
much gratified to find that they present the
plain, unvarnished facts, free from all am-
biguity—so plain, straightforward, atid in such
common sense terms that every man, woman,
and child in the land who can read will fully
comprehend why their Representatives felt it
to be an imperative duty to make an effort to
stop in his mad career the man who. by the act
of an assassin, has, for the time being, had
placed in his hands the reins of power.
In this country sir, the people are the sov-
ereigns; they not only make the laws, but they
also make the officers to execute those laws,
and when they become dissatisfied either with
the laws or those who execute them it is their
province, their prerogative, to change either or
both. Hence, in a matter of so much impor-
tance as that in which we are now engaged, it
is all-important that every step be clearly
marked, and the issue so sharply cut and well
defined that none need misapprehend the threat-
ened danger or the pressing necessity for prompt
action to avoid it. The committee that re-
ported these articles are entitled to the thanks
of the House and of the country for the plain-
ness and transparency which characterize them.
A continuation of abuses and usurpations
marks the actions of Andrew Johnson for more
than two years, all having for theirobject and
design the restoration to power of traitors and
and red-handed rebels. For these abuses and
usurpations thousands and tensof thousands of
the loyal people of the country have long
since demanded his impeachment. But the
history of these two years has only added an-
other proof to those already existing that
we are disposed to bear the evils of oppression
and usurpation so long as they do not destroy
the very life of the Republic rather than resort
to violent remedies for redress. The commit-
tee have, therefore, wisely, as I believe, passed
all these by and confined their specifications to
the last wicked and foolish act of this bold, bad
man. They have done this, I suppose, on the
ground that a conviction of an individual for
one willful murder being sufficient to hang him,
a conviction for one hundred murders could
add nothing to his punishment in this world.
Mr. Chairman, it would seem that the for-
bearance of the people under Andrew John-
son's usurpations_ has only made him more
bold, and that their remonstrances and expos-
tulations have only made him more determined
in his reckless and mad career, until an out-
raged and insulted people, who have long since
passed the point where forbearance ceases to
be a virtue, are now about to arise in their
might, and by a vindication of the majesty of
law exhibit to the world a verification of the
declaration made long since that He who,
being often reproved, stiffeneth his neck, shall
