27 m
:JE CONGRESSIONAL
June 1,
do not understand that we can admit to the
right to vote in Congress anybody but Repre-
sentativesand Senators. We never have given,
I think, to the representative of any Territory
the right to vote.
Mr. FRELINGHtJYSEN. We never have
had any in the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. But I take'it in whatever
House they sit, they would sit clothed with the
same character, the same power. Now, Mr.
President, if' there is no difficulty in principle,
what are the advantages you are to secure by
this?
First, this advantage would be secured to
the people of Arkansas, that they would- have
the work of civil government committed to the
very tribunals, the very men they have selected
themselves for that purpose, with just as much
authority as they propose to give them in their
constitution. Every authority which in that
constitution is delegated to any one of those
tribunals they would have under this proposi-
tion of mine. They would choose their Legis-
lature, and the Legislature would make the
laws ; they would choose their Governors, and
the Governors would perform precisely the
duties in reference to that local government
they would if the constitution was ratified as
the constitution of a State, doing all this by the
assent of the Congress of the United States;
and the laws would be adminstered and jus-
tice would be measured out between man and
man by the tribunals of their own selection.
That is the first advantage.
If that constitution, or the government cre-
ated under that constitution, can protect life
and property, and liberty, if it be once recog-
nized as a Stale, it can do it when the same
authority is committed to them provisionally.
There would be just two restrictions upon their
power: first, tliey could not appoint Senators
and Representatives in Congress as they could
if admitted as a State; and second, they could
not pass a law which would operate injuriously
upon the national interest, or a law which
would operate oppressively on one class of the
people or another without giving to Congress
the power to interpose by its veto, and prevent
that law from going into effect.
This would be the advantage which the
people of Arkansas would derive—every con-
ceivable advantage which they hope to obtain
from admission into the Union. On the other
had, what advantage should wo derive ? This:
we should have Representatives chosen by that
people here in both of these Houses, with
whom we could confer, from whom we could
hear, to whose advice we could listen; and,
Mr. President, I think you know and will
concede that that has been a desideratum for
years. _ Since we have undertaken to exer-
cise civil control down there we have felt the
want of just such accredited agents here, with
whom we might confer and from whom we
might receive advice. That we should get;
and we should get thus every single advan-
tage that we could get from admitting them
into the Union, except the advantage of their
votes. 1 am sorry to do without the votes of
the Representatives of Arkansas, but those
votes are not a necessity to the nation. I
believe those votes are Republican. So I
understand. That is the kind of vote I like,
let it come from what quarter of the Union it
will; but we are not dying for the want of
Republican votes just at this present speaking.
We are getting along pretty well with what we
have; at least our side of the House is, and
1 take it our friends on the other side will not
insist upon our taking in any more immedi-
ately.
Mr. President, perhaps this proposition of
mine does not strike any single man here as
so good as some he could present himself. I
am quite satisfied that the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] believes his own proposition
is the best; and yet 1 do not understand what
advantage he claims from his proposition,
which is the proposition to admit nakedly just
as they stand this peoplo to the full prerogatives
of tt State. I only propose to continue this
until the fourteenth article of amendment is
made a part of the Constitution, because when
that is made part of the Constitution, then the
national authority will be to an extent to which
it is not now adequate to the protection of
every class of the people in these communities.
The Senator from Pennsylvania who spoke
to us the other day [Mr. Bcckalew] would like
his theory better than this. His theory is to
wipe out these provisional governments, which
were made by your reconstruction acts a year
ago, and recognize the governments created by
the President in 1805 as the governments of
these States. I think the Senator from Penn-
sylvania does not expect to secure the ass'ent
of the Senate to that proposition, and this is
certainly better, or ought to be deemed better,
I think, in the judgment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, and, I should think, more satis-
factory to my friend, the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. McCreery,] than to let these pro-
visional governments, which have been opera-
ting for the last year and a half, still remain,
and better in his view of the subject than to
commit to this people the full prerogatives of
a State at once.
One other advantage we gain, and that is if
experience should demonstrate that the crew
which you have now mustered on the deck of
this young ship is notable to sail her, you could
without difficulty change the crew; you could
repair the mistake ; you could remedy the diffi-
culty.
Now, Mr. President, if I have made my
proposition intelligible, I have succeeded in
exposing to the Senate just the difficulties I
have in the way of giving a hearty support to
this act of admission ; audi shall conclude by
submitting my motion to the Senate and asking
a vote upon it, and then I shall stand the con-
sequences with as much fortitude as I can.
ThePRESIDENT jOT-o<e y}org. The motion
will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is moved that the bill
be recommitted to the Committee 011 the Judi-
ciary, " with instructions to report a bill adopt-
ing the constitution framed by the convention
in Arkansas, with such amendments as maybe
necessary for the organic act of Aikansas, and
enabling the government recently chosen for
that State to discharge provisionally the several
duties prescribed by such organic act, and to
admit the Senators and Representatives to
Congress upon the footing of delegates until
the fourteenth article shall be ratified and
become a part of the Constitution of the
United States, or until Congress shall other-
wise order."
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I had intended
to speak upon this bill, but I have made up my
mind to defer speaking until some other occa-
sion when it will be quite as pertinent as it is
now to discuss the subject of suffrage and the
power of Congress over the question of suffrage.
I rise now simply to make a remark or two
upon the question of the power to impose the
fundamental condition which has come to us
in the bill of the House of Representatives,
and I promise to detain the Senate not over
five minutes.
I wish to say upon that point that I under-
stand various Senators, the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Conklixg,] my colleague, [Mr.
Trumbuli.,] the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton,] the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Feriiy,] to contend, as I admit, that the States
have primarily the power as to suffrage to
decide who shall vole, subject, however, to the
proposition that Congress has the power to
decide whether the constitution is republican
in form. I have stated the gentlemen fairly.
I have their remarks, which I shall read from
hereafter.
The question, then, is who is to decide
whether a government is republican inform?
You answer Congress. All those gentlemen
have answered that Congress is to decide
whether the Government is republican in form.
Then, sir, I understand the proposition to be
that the States have exclusive power over the
question of suffrage, with the exception that
'Congress may intervene when the constitution
of a State government is not republican in
form. When the question arises whether a
constitution isrepublican in form, who decides
it ? Congress. May not Congress say that 110
constitution is republican in form which ex-
cludes any large class of the people from voting?
Then, sir, where is the power ? The revisory
power is in Congress, is it not ? And may not
Congress exercise that power by imposing a
condition in the first instance, or by declaring
the constitution of any State which does
exclude a large portion of its population from
the right of suffrage to be null and void ?
Take an illustration; it is a supposable case:
suppose the colored people in the State of
South Carolina, having a majority, should, by
their constitution or by their legislative enact-
ments, undertake to exclude from the polls the
white people, to deny them the right of suf-
frage, would not that be a case in which Con-
gress would have the right to intervene V Then,
suppose the white people of New York should
exclude a large class of colored citizens from
the right to vote, could not Congress intervene
under the altered state of the Constitution,
slavery being abolished, every man, without
regard to color, being the equal of every other
man, entitled to the same rights? That being
so, 1 say New York would have the same right
to exclude from the polls the Senator from
New York that she would have to exclude
Frederick Douglass—precisely the same right
uuder the Constitution as amended.
Here is a test of whether a government is
republican in form, the crucial test, equality
of rights. That is the basis of all republican
governments; and if the constitution of any
State or the laws of any State interfere with
the equal rights of the citizen, its government
is not republican in form. Who decides it?
The State or Congress? You say the time has
not come. Time always exists; it is always
at hand. If New York excludes any portion
of her citizens who bear arms and pay taxes,
or whether they bear arms and are taxed or not,
if she excludes any large class of her citizens
from the right of suffrage, hers is not, accord-
ing to our republican theory, a government
republican in form. Congress, not the States,
decide that question. There is an exception
to the power and the authority of the States.
But, sir, I intend to argue this question
fully hereafter; I now merely throw out these
ideas. I am for this condition, and I would
not give a snap for the bill without this con-
dition. If it be admitted that the people in
Arkansas have the right at the first election to
decide whether they will change this consti-
tution, 1 apprehend they will change it. The
rebel leaders have the power there ; they own
the lands ; they have the money ; they have
the disposition to do it, by fraud, by force, by
murder, by assassination, by bribery, by starv-
ation, by intimidation and threats ; and, hold-
ing out the hope of reward, they will come up
with a majority on their side instead of there
being thirteen hundred majority on ours. I
want this fundamental condition to be a part
of the law upon which the State is admitted.
Then she is bound by it. Congress has the
power to impose this condition either in the
formation of the State or in the recognition of
it after it is formed.
I deemed it important that I should say this
much to justify my vote in favor of the bill a3
it came from the House of Representatives! or
some similar bill.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I desire to say but one
word.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If the Senator will
allow me, I will make a motion to adjourn.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. No ; I do not ask the
Senate to adjourn.
Mr. BUCK A LEW. I agreed to wait here
until six o'clock. It is getting past that, and
there seems to be no prospect-of getting a vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we shall get the
vote now in a very few minutes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not propose to
occupy more than five minutes, and 1 do not
