1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ask the Senate to adjourn on my account. I
am willing that the Senate should dispose of
the bill this evening. I simply desire to say
that my honorable friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,,] as it seems to me, did not meet
the points which I made in my argument on
Saturday: first, that the constitution which is
sought to be recognized establishes a test by
an oath which is to be administered to every
man that goes to the polls to vote in Arkan-
sas, which disfranchises a majority of the
American people even in the free States. If
they were to go to Arkansas they could not
vote at all. Why, sir, the honorable Senator
himself could not vote in Arkansas if he be-
lieves now as he did a few years ago, because
a few years ago on the floor of the Senate he
declared:
"I know that there is a distinction between the
two races, because the Almighty himself has marked
it upon their very faces, and, in my judgment, man
cannot, by legislation or otherwise, produce a perfect
equality between those races so that they will live
happily together/'
Why, sir, Thomas Jefferson would be dis-
franchised in Arkansas under this constitution.
He said:
"Nothing is more certainly written in the book of
fate than that these people [the negroes] are to be
free. Nor isit lcsscertaiu that the two races equally
free cannot live in the same Government. Nature,
habit, opinion have drawn indelible lines of distinc-
tion between them."
My honorable friend [Mr. Trumbull] also,
in language equally strong, on another occa-
sion said:
"There is a distinction between the white and
black races made by Omnipotence himself. 1 do not
beliovc these two races can livo happily and pleas-
antly together and enjoy equal rights without one
domineering over the other."
Mr. TRUMBULL. The'Senator need not
understand me as having changed that opinion.
I think the misfortune to-day is that the two
races are together. I do not believe they will
live as happily and pleasantly together as if
tliey were one. That is no reason, however,
"why we should not allow them rights as free-
men.
Mr. POMEROY rose.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall eome to my
honorable friend from Kansas in a few minutes,
if he will allow me. 1 have got something
here that will suit his case exactly.
Mr. POMEROY. The man who talks about
the division of races among American citizens
is in the gall of bitterness and under the bonds
of iniquity.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The man who does not
open his eyes to see the difference between a
white man and a negro or an Indian is blind.
In their physical natures, in their moral
natures, their intellectual natures, there is a
distinction stamped by the Almighty himself,
and the Congress of the United States cannot
repeal the law He has made. I do not hesitate
to say it. Now, Mr. President, I am not enter-
ing into a discussion of that question, whether
the opinion be right or wrong. What I say is
this: a majority of all the male citizens of the
States of New York, Ohio, Kansas—my hon-
orable friend will not forget that—New Jersey,
Michigan, and all the States that have had any
votes on this question, believe, whether right
or wrong in their belief, that there is a dis-
tinction between these two races which should
forbid their being placed upon a footing of
political equality; and this constitution of
Arkansas puts it to every man when he ap-
proaches the polls, that he must swear upon
his oath that he accepts this political equality
and will forever act upon it, and never under-
take to recognize the distinction between the
two races at all. My honorable friend from
Illinois did not answer that point.
Now, I come to the other point; and here
I am coming to my honorable friend from
Kansas. It is a good thing to have a good
memory (sometimes, and sometimes it is very
inconvenient. My honorable friend from Kan-
sas, when the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] moved this fundi-mental condi-
tion on the bill for the recognition of the State
of Louisiana, certainly lias not forgotten what
he said on that occasion. What did he say?
He was a State-rights man then. He believed
in the right of a State to fix the qualifications
of its own voters, and that you had no right or
constitutional power to impose upon these
States these fundamental conditions. He said
on precisely such an amendment as this, for it
originated with the Senator from Massa-
chusetts:
" Mr. President, I am opposed to this amendment.
I usually vote for everything that the Senator from
Massachusetts brings forward on the anti-slavery
question, but I am opposed to this amendment in
the first place because I do not suppose we ha,ve a
right to say what shall be the qualifications of voters
in any State of the Union. The people of my own
State are supposed to be loyal."
Of course they are.
"They are as radical as the citizens of Massachu-
setts, but they arenot loyal enough to allow Congress
to dictate to them what kind of qualifications for
voting they shall have."
This is the speech of my honorable friend from
Kansas fresh from the fields of young Kan-
sas, glorious in her own strength. ["Bleeding
Kansas."] Yes, from " bleeding Kansas."
" For otic, sir, I am for leaving this question of suf-
frage to the citizens of the States, and I claim it is
their rightto aduntwhoever they choose to the bal-
lot box. I am not loyal enough myself to allow my
own rights as acitizen of a State to be trampled upon
in that way. I would not be dictated to as a citizen
of a sovereign State by Congress or any other povvci
as to what kind of citizens of my State should be
allowed to vote. If they choose to let all the citizens,
including the women, vote, it is not a matter lor
Congreas to interfere with."
That was the talk of the Senator represent-
ing the young State of Kansas, standing up for
the rights of the State which the Constitution
guaranties, and first of all, and essential to the
republican form of government, is the right of
the Slate to fix for itself the qualifications of
its voters. But, as I promised that I would
not take more than five minutes, 1 now con-
clude. Those two points are to me unanswer-
able.
Mr. POMEROY. I reply in a single word
that that is the theory and doctrine of the
loyal Republican party to-day, that in States
which have not been in rebellion the right of
suffrage shall be regulated by the States, and
in regard to States which have forfeited all
their rights by rebellion Congress may dictate
to them the terms upon which they shall be
r6CGlVG(l.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the Chicago
platform.
Mr. POMEROY. As my friend says, that
is precisely the Chicago platform.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This was Louisiana my
friend was talking about.
Mr. POMEROY. I was going to say that
when I am for the passage of a bill, as I am
for this, I would not vote to put on it the Ten
Commandments. I do not care how good a
measure is, if I am for the passage of a bill as
it comes from the House of Representatives
I say distinctly I will vote down all amend-
ments, and that was the ground on which I
acted then. I would not vote for any amend-
ment on that bill because I was for passing it,
as I am for passing this, as it came from the
House of Representatives. I say now in regard
to my own State and in regard to all the loyal
States that I believe they should regulate the
suffrage, subject to such provisions as may be
in the national Constitution either now or when
the fourteenth article is adopted. But as to
States that have forfeited their rights by re-
bellion you may impose what conditions you
please.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A single word in reply.
My honorable friend has fallen into two mis-
takes. The first is, that the bill in relation to
Louisiana did not originate in the other House
at all. It came from our Committee on the
Judiciary, of which the honorable Senator from
Illinois was chairman; and it was when that
was pending that the Senator from Massachu-
setts moved this fundamental condition as a
distinct proposition to the original bill as an
amendment. That is the first mistake. The
second mistake is, that my honorable friend
from Kansas did not oppose it for any such
reason at all. He opposed it for the simple,
naked truth,_ which he believed in then just as
I believe in it now, and the argument he made
then 1 repeat now ; it was unanswerable then,
and is now, to wit: that it belongs to each
State for itself to fix the qualifications of its
voters, and all attempts by Congress to break
down that right by a State are unconstitutional.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. IIowe,] recommitting the bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary, with the in-
structions moved by him.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move to amend
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Drake,] by striking out all after the word
•'taxed," and I ask the Secretary to report it
to the Senate.
The PIlESIDENT^ro tempore. The amend-
ment and the amendment to the amendment
will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment of the
Senator from Missouri is to strike out all of
the bill after the word "condition," and to
insert in lieu thereof the following:
That there shall never be in said State any denial
or abridgment of the elective iranehise, or of any
other liglit to any pcison by reason or on account of
race or color, excepting Indians not taxed ; and that
any such denial or abndgment shall authorize the
exclusion, while it continues, from representation in
either House of Congress.
The Senator from New Jersey proposes to
amend the amendment by striking out all after
the word " taxed."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The effect of the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri, as it
stands, is to fix what the penalty shall be in
ease of a violation of the lundatnental condi-
tion, and we are called upon to vote that the
penalty or the consequence of that violation
shall be the exclusion of the Representatives
from that State. It seems to mo wiser for the
Senate not to express at this lime what the con-
sequence will be of a violation ot that condi-
dition. I can see that Congress, instead of
excluding the representatives from that State,
might prefer to regulate the suffrage, and take
measures to enforce that condition by its power,
by legislation, so as to continue representation
here, and yet have both races and all colors
represented. Therefore, I think it much wiser,
if we adopt llie amendment of the Senator
from Missouri, simply to adopt the funda-
mental condition, without saying what meas-
ures Congress will take to enforce the funda-
mental condition in case of a breach of it.
Mr. DRAKE. I will simply say, in reply
to the remarks made by the honorable Senator
from New Jersey, that I regard those words
which he now moves to strike out as being
simply a declaration of a power that will inure
in Congress without those words being em-
bodied in an act of Congress ; in other words,
that we shall be no further advanced probably
as to our real power in the premises with these
words in than with them out. Therefore, if it
be the pleasure of the Senate to stiike out
these words, 1 do not feel disposed to make a
contest over them, the main object of my
amendment beingthe other clause, and believ-
ing that the power to exclude the Senators and
Representatives of that State from representa-
tion here if the fundamental condition be broken
would be just the same without this declaration
in the act as with it.
Mr. CATTELL. Then I ask the Senator
from Missouri why not accept the amendment
of my colleague, and thus save the time of the
Senate in voting?
Mr. DRAKE. Well, sir, if it will be any
gratification to the distinguished State of isew
Jersey, as it appears to be, both of her Sena-
tors appealing in this matter to me, I do not
know but that I will accept it.
Mr. CATTELL. I am afraid the Senator
from Missouri has put the State of New Jersey
under such obligations that she will never be
able to repay them. [Laughter.]
ThePRfiSIDENTpro tempore. The modi-
fication suggested by the Senator from New
