1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Bucldand.
Ho. of Reps.
suddenly be cut off, and that without remedy."
If Andrew Johnson had been content, without
any flagrant interference on his part, to allow
the laws enacted by the legally constituted
law-making power of the land to be executed,
he might have, used his immense power and
patronage to oppress the loyal and encourage
the disloyal men of the nation until the 4th of
March, 1869, because the American people are
a patient people, (much too patient in this case,
in my judgment,) and in this instance seemed
disposed to let patience have more than'her
perfect work. But this would not satisfy him.
Urged on by his rebel supporters of the South,
and determined to please them at all risks and
hazards, he could not refuse them when they
demanded .of him the official head of the War
Minister in a charger. But, sir, the guards
sent to consummate the deed returned to their
master without the much desired head, the
owner thereof not being disposed to part with
it until he could see the work which he had
charge of intrusted to safe and reliable hands.
And, sir, that refusal of the noble Secretary
of War to obey Andrew Johnson by violating
law sent a thrill of delight to the hearts of the
loyal millions from the Atlantic to the Pacific;
but from no class of our citizens was the re-
sponse of approval so warm, deep, and earnest
as from the soldiers of the Republic, who in
the dark hours of trial had presented a '' breath-
ing wall of free-born breasts" as a shield to
protect an imperiled nation.
If Andrew Johnson could remove Edwin M.
Stanton, Secretary of War, without authority
of law and contrary to the express provisions
of law, what is there that he cannot do ? But,
say the defenders of Andrew Johnson, this
civil tenure-of-office law is unconstitutional,
and therefore not binding. By what author-
ity do these men declare this law to be uncon-
stitutional? Is it by the same authority that
they declared the war unconstitutional ? Oris
it because all the States were not represented
in Congress when it was passed? I notice,
sir, that some professed Democratic Senators
are claiming now that the President cannot
be impeached unless sift the States have their
Representatives in Congress. If these objec-
tions are valid, then no law passed since the
southern members of Congress angrily left
these Halls at the commencement of the re-
bellion is of any force or effect. Then slavery
is not abolished. The rebel debt must be
paid. Then all the slaves set free by the war
must be paid for, and the loyal men of the na-
tion taxed to raise the money. And, by the
same rule of reasoning, Andrew Johnson never
was legally elected Vice President; and, con-
sequently, is not now President. This proves
a little more, I presume, than these gentlemen
wish.
But if the civil tenure-of-office law had never
been passed the Constitution of the United
States, in very plain and explicit terms, set-
tles this question. By that instrument the
President is authorized, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, to make ap-
pointments. When the Constitution specifies
thus particularly how he may make appoint-
ment it follows, as a consequence, that he
cannot make them in any other way. The
Constitution says the advice and consent of
the Senate is necessary to the making of an
appointment by the President. Therefore he
cannot make an appointment without such
advice and consent. In this case the Senate
not only did not advise and consent, but de-
clared in express terms that a certain thing
should not be done, and that very thing the
President, in the face of the senatorial prohibi-
tion, did do or attempt to do, in plain violation
of the Constitution as well as of the statute in
that case made and provided.
The Constitution also provides that if a
vacancy happen during the recess of the Sen-
ate the President shall have power to make an
appointment to fill it, which appointment shall
continue until the end of the next session. If
this means anything it means that he shall
not fill a vacancy occurring while the Senate is
in session without the "advice and consent of
the Senate;" and it certainly does not mean
that the President may create a vacancy and
then fill it without the consent of the Senate,
because if he can do this he can continue
creating vacancies and filling them, thus ren-
dering that part of the Constitution utterly
null and void.
These things are so plain as to render argu-
ment a work of supererogation. Everybody is
satisfied on these points, and no man knew
that better than Andrew Johnson; but he,
blinded by passion and prejudice, and drunk
with power, determined at all hazards to
remove an officer who was an obstruction to
the accomplishment of his unrighteous pur-
poses. Andrew Johnson viewed Edwin M.
Stanton in the War Office as in time past Haman
did Mordecai sitting at the king's gate; and
he soliloquized thus: "I have been alderman
of my native village, and have held all the
intermediate officesup to Senator of the United
States and even Vice President thereof. Yea,
verily, more than this ; for do I not now, by
the assistance of J. Wilkes Booth, occupy the
highest scat of power in the greatest nation on
earth. But all these things avail me nothing
so long as I see Edwin M. Stanton sitting in
the War Office. He bows not down to me, nor
does me reverence." I am resolved, there-
fore, thatin spite of the plain provisions of the
Constitution, in spite of the Representatives of
the people of this nation in Congress assem-
bled, in spite of laws, ordinances, or decrees,
I will remove him, and will place in his stead
one who, for the sake of the office, will
*' Orook the pregnant hinges of the knee,
That thrift may lollow fawning."
Andrew Johnson had some reasons for sup-
posing that he could commit this act with im-
punity. He had been successful up to this
time in thwarting the will of the loyal people
and accomplishing his purposes. Sometimes
by threats he awed into silence those who re-
fused obedience to his mandates. Sometimes
he punished the refractory by removing their
friends from office, if he could not remove
the persons themselves. Sometimes, when he
thoughthecouldaccomplishhis purposes better,
he has " stooped to conquer." He has tried
"dining and wining" those whom he supposed
could be influenced in that way, and by all
these various means he had succeeded up to
this hour, notwithstanding his gross violations
of the sacred trusts confided to him, of keep-
ing his neck out of the halter. By his opera-
tions the rebels were fast regaining the ground
from which they had been driven by the noble
and brave men who periled life and fortune
in behalf of their country on the bloody battle-
fields of the rebellion. By his influence maimed
and scarred heroes were being removed from
post offices and other offices and clerkships,
where they were trying by a faithful discharge
of duty to earn enough to support a wid-
owed mother or a helpless family, and their
places given to men who denounced the war,
prevented enlistments, or fought in the rebel
ranks. All these things has Andrew Johnson
been doing for the last two years, and yet
during all that time he has been countenanced,
visited, and shaken by thehand by good and true
men. If he could do all these things and yet
not be treated with scorn and contempt why
could he not go one step further and defy the
law, and sweep from his pathway a man who
loved his country too well, and who had too
much Roman firmness, to bow his neck to the
usurper.
Nor was this all that Andrew Johnsonhad to
encourage him. He had the support of all in
the North who declared the war to be "unjust,
"unnecessary, and unconstitutional," of all who
" coercion, all who opposed the draft.
who discouraged enlistments, all who cried
down the currency, and, added to all these,
every vile traitor and bloody-handed rebel of
the South. To complete this list we may add
all those who during the years of the war had
been hidden away in dens and caves and other
secret places, but who in the last two years
have crawled into daylight, and, uncoiling them-
selves as they have been warmed into life by
the smiles of Andrew Johnson, might have
been heard exclaiming, as they congregated in
the liquor shops and other disreputable local-
ities, "Now is the winter of our discontent
made glorious summer by this modern Moses."
Mr. Chairman, the country looks for the suc-
cess of this impeachment, expects it, demands
it. It is a legal, a financial, a political neces-
sity. Sir, the voice of the people is in this
case the voice of God, and that speaks to us to-
day in the same words used to the children of
Israel when they stood on the margin of the Red
Sea threatened with destruction, and says to
us, "Go forward." They could not retreat
nor can we. The path of duty is plain before
us, and if we are worthy of the places we oc-
cupy, we will not shrink from the responsi-
bility which is ours. We war with principal-
ities and Powers and political wickedness in
high places, but if we gird on the whole armor
of truth, justice, and patriotism we shall be
more than equal to the emergency. If we hold
the ship of State steadily in her course all wi\l
be well. If there be any fearful, any timid, to
such we would say:
"Fear not each sudden jar and shock,
'Tis of the wave and not the roek:
'Tis but the flapping of the sail.
And not a rent made by the gale."
Yes, sir—
" In spite of shock and tempest's roar.
In spite of false lights on the shore,"
We shall sail on and breast the sea.
Impcackmcnt.
SPEECH OF HON. R. P. BUCKLAND,
of ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1868,
On the resolution reported by the Committee on
Reconstruction for the impeachment of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. BUCKLAND. Mr. Speaker, the ques-
tion before the House has been so ably dis-
cussed by others that I should not have felt
myself called upon to say one word upon the
subject but for the fact that when the resolution
impeaching the President, reported by the ma-
jority of the Judiciary Committee, was before
the House I was constrained from a sense of
duty to the public interests to vote against it.
I shall not, on the present occasion, stop to
give all the reasons which brought my mind to
that conclusion. I was just as well satisfied then
as I am now that Andrew Johnson deserved
impeachment, but our friends on the Judi-'
ciary Committee and in the House were divided
in opinion, not only as to the expediency of
impeachment under the then existing circum-
stances, but also as to the sufficiency of the
facts proven to sustain an impeachment by the
testimony taken and reported by the commit-
tee. That Andrew Johnson was in conspiracy
with the enemies of the Government to defeat
the legislation of Congress for the restoration
of the rebellious States, and finally to place the
Government in the power and control of those
who but recently were in arms for its destruc-
tion, I entertained no doubt.
Many years ago a conspiracy was initiated
by John C. Calhoun, having for its object the
subjection of the Government to the control
of the slave aristocracy of the South, or the
dismemberment of the Union and the forma-
tion of a confederacy founded on human sla-
very. That conspiracy culminated in rebellion,
and would have ended with the infamous assas-
