1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
son and to the same extent, be true that claims
assigned by law tor settlement to the Second
Auditor can be more expeditiously examined j
in Ins office. So that, even it' the retention of
the roils in ihe pay department had proved a
gain to the living bounty claimants, it must
have proved a still greater loss to the pen-
sioners, to the heirs and widows, and to the
soldiers who claimed arrears of payor had lost
their discharges. Whether Colonel Brooke or
Mr. Brady did or did not threaten to 41 bury up''
the Second Auditor I will not undertake to
decide. But that they did bury him up is abso-
lutely certain. And I see no hope of any
resurrection for him until we send a force of
additional clerks to dig him out.
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read the
material portions of the testimony on this
point.
The Clerk read as follows :
44 George Meason—Colonel Brooke, who had charge
of the clerical force in the Paymaster General's office,
was constantly hurrying up this business, and re-
marking that it must be pushed through. I under-
stand tbat he remarked that he intended to bury up
the Second Auditor's office with that work."
******* * * * *
"Question. Did you ever hear any^ officerin the pay
department make any remark indicating a purpose
of throwing the responsibility ot the delay on the
Second Auditor's office by sending the rolls there?
*•Anrwer. My impression is that I have heard such
remark, although Icannot recall any particular time
for it. I know there has been a pressure to get the
rolls out ot* the office with that understanding. I
remember having a conversation with Colonel Brooke
about that, and he informed me that it was his pur-
pose to get these rolls all out of the office before these
inquiries were made in regard to the additional
bounty. I think that conversation was about the
beginning of March, 1867. It occurred in his office
in this city. He has charge of the clerical force of
the pay dopaitment, and is a paymaster, He was
formerly chief clerk, and was promoted to the posi-
tion of paymaster, still continuing to do the same
duty he had lormerly done. - * . i !
"Question. Can you give the substance of his lan-
guage on that occasion?
"Answer. I do not know that I can give his lan-
guage. It was a free talk in reference to the office,
and the substance of it was what I am relating.
" Question. Did he in that conversation clearly con-
vey the idea to your mind that he wauted to throw
the responsibility of the delay of the payment of
additional bounties on the Second Auditor's office,
or that the rolls were to be transferred to that office
for that purpose?
"Answer. I do not know that he expressed that
idea, but he expressed a purpose to have the rolls all
examined. Perhaps he said the rolls must be all
examined and in the hands ol the Second Auditor
before many of these inquiries were made.
Question. Was it at that interview that he made
use ot this language respecting burying the Second
Auditor?
"Ansxcer. No, sir; I do not recollect that he made
use of that language to me, but he expressed the
game purpose ot getting these rolls out of the office
beiore these inquiries were made, and to have the
inquiries made from the Second Auditor's depart-
ment. lie occasionally came over to our office and
urged up the Examination of these roils. Mr. Brady
also urged it. Colonel Brooke was crowding Mr,
Brady and Mr. Brady was crowding us. Mr. Brady
i- in chargo of the examining division. That was the
decided policy of the office.
'* Question. Did you hear the Paymaster General
say anything about it?
"Ansxcer. No, sir; I did not. , .
** Question. Was anything said to him about it in
your presence? , _
41Ansicer. No, sir; I seldom met the Paymaster
General. _ , . ,
"S. W. Pearson—We were very much hurried up
by Colonel Brooke. He asked me one day if X could
not put on more 3team in doinir my work. I said I
was doing as much as I could within the office hours,
but I was willing to work extra hours. I then took
business homo withmeinthe evening,and by getting
to the office an hour earlier in the morning increased
the cases that 1 briefed from one hundred per day to
one hundred and fifty or two hundred. The inten-
tion was to get all out of the Paymaster General's
office so as to have it said that the work was done
there, but the other office was crowded."
** B. G. Jayne—Colonel Brooke, who runs the Pay-
master General's office generally had issued an order
to get the case-* through the office as soon as possible,
so us to avoid doing the work in reference to the pay-
ment of these bounties in that bureau, and in order
to put the work in the Second Auditor's office." *
* * * "This order of Colonel Brooke was
made immediately on the passing of thelaw giving sol-
diers an additional bounty; and he included in that
order an order that all accounts of referred claims and
all accountsof regularsshould belaid by and not ex-
amined until the accounts on.the muster-out rolls
had been shoved through and sent to the Second Au-
ditor's. and that was done." * * * *
" I beard him say frequently that he wanted to shove
the rolls through, giving as a reason that he wanted
to put that work on the Second Auditor's office."
u E. II. Brooke—At the time I gave the order to
the examining division of the Paymaster Geueral's
office to examine fir3t the accounts of pajvnnsters
that contained muster-out rolls, the Second Auditor
was borrowing from the Paymaster General muster-
out rolls to enable him to settle the claims of deceased
soldiers, and in many instances it was delaying the ex-
amining and registering of the paymasters' accountst
and by that means interfering with the businotfs ol
the office. My object, therefore, in giving this order
was to obviate this difficulty; to facilitate the settle-
ment of paymasters' accounts, the claim of deceased !
soldier-*, and to give to the Auditor tho whole work \
of Himishinsc the information on which to settle tho :
additional bounty, as he had at that time in his office
more than three-fourths of the rolls that would be
used for that purpose, and I believed by so doing I
would facilitate the settlement, particularly as the
large majority of the muster-out rolls at that time in
the Paymaster General's office were those of veteran
regiments and those that received the large bounty
under act of July 4,186-5, and would not be used in
the settlement of additional bounty.
"I bad not the most remote idea of delaying the
settlement of these bounties, and I think that my
record will show that in no instance have I delayed
the settlement of any claim of tho soldier, but, on the
contrary, have done all in my power to aid him.
"It would have been impossible to increase the
work five or six fold, for the reason that the same
information that is furnished by the Second Audi-
tor's office would have to be furnished by tho Pay-
master General's office to the division of referred
claims, and would have required more clerks to do
so than the Paymaster General had at that time.
*•D. H. Lusk—Question. Have you seen anything
in the transactions in the Second Auditor's or Pay-
master's offices to indicate an undue haste in sending
the inquiries in order ** to bury you up " at the Sec-
ond Auditor's office?
"Ansxoer. I never felt that they did it for that pur-
pose. I think tbat about Octobcr 1 they sent up
some two hundred thousand cases, but I did not un-
derstand that they did it for that purpose. I under-
stood that they had the force, and they concluded
they might as well dispose of these inquiries aad
: put them into the Second Auditor's office,
i "<?. Mill8—The course pursued was—and the talk
j of the leading men in the office, particularly Mr.
| Brady and, I think, Mr. Brooke, was—to rush these
i accounts through, Mr. Brady saying, * We will oury
! up the Second Auditor, and let him know we can do
1 our work right along, and let him take care of the
consequences/ These muster-out rolls were thus
hurried, not only not half done, but to the neglect
of business. The object seemed to be to get this
work out of the Paymaster General's department, so
that he could make a report to Congress that he had
done everything in the matter.
"U S. bates—Up to the time of the passage of the
additional bounty act. or a little prior to its passage,
wc got an order from Colonel Brooke, through Mr.
Brady, chief of the examining division, to rush
through the accounts containing muster-out rolls.
That was repeated from time to time. Some of the
: clerks did rush them through with a vengeance, and
! others who understood that their duty was to exam-
ine the accounts did not rush them through, but
examined them in order to protect the Govern-
ment. It was the common talk, often repeated by
Brady, that we were going to 'bury up'the Second
Auditor with the work, knowing that he was some
years behind tho pay department in his regular
work."
Mr. PAINE. The last complaint to which
I shall ask the attention of the House is made
against the Second Auditor of the Treasury.
He is charged with having neglected or refused
for insufficient reasons to assign an adequate
clerical force to this work. Sir, I believe the
soldiers have the warmest sympathy of that offi-
cer. But if others shall differ with me on this
point, which, after all, must be a matter of
mere opinion as to secret motives, neverthe-
less I think there can be no doubt that what-
ever his motives may have been the course he
took was the only one he could take under the
circumstances without the aid of those higher
in authority. I will present the testimony
bearing on this point without comment:
**B. W. Br ice, Paymaster General—Question. How
many clerks have you discharged during the year
from your office ?
' Answer. Upward of seventy, discharged and dis-
posed of otherwise, by resignations, &c. #
•* Question. Were these clerks fitted by then* ex-
perience and capacity to make these examinations.
** Answer. Materially so, I should suppose.
" Question. Why could they not be employed in
the Second Auditor's office?
"Anstoer. That brings up another subject. I made
a strenuous effort to induce the Second Auditor and
the Second Comptroller to take fifty clerks who were
experienced at that business and transfer them to
their bureaus.
44 Question. You proposed to pay the expense out
of your own office?
44 Answer. We proposed to pay them during the
current fiscal year out of the existing appropriations,
which would be sufficient to cover it up to July, 1868.
That proposition was not acceded to for reasons which
rendered it impracticable, as the Auditor and Comp-
troller alleged.
44 Question. What were the reasons assigned ?
"Anstoer. The Second Auditor said he had no room
for more clerks, and alio that be could not employ
more in the examination of the rolls than were then
employed if he had a thousand clerks.
" Question. What reason did he give for the latter
statement?
44 Anstoer. I do not remember that he gave any
roason, except that the nature of the work was such
that more could not be employed omit.
*'S. W. Pearson. I asked Mr. Lusk why he could
not have a force from a division in the Paymaster
General's office, which was to be discharged very
soon. He said, 4 We have no room for them, in tho
first place, and have no authority for their transfer.'
I said, ' There have been such things done heretofore.
Clerks have been transferred from one bureau to an-
other, or from one Department to auothor, being
paid from the fund already appropriated lor the
year.' He said, 4 We have no room lor them.'" *
* * * 44Mr. French says he applied to tho
War Department tohave the other bureaus moved
out of Winder's building, and to give hiin tho whole
of it. but he could not make the arrangement, lie
says he has as many clerks as he can work, and that
they are now in eaqh other's way, and he intimated
that he would employ more clerks if he had room for
them.
44D. H. Lusk—Question. If you had the other two
floors of that building tor the Second Auditor's office
how many olerks could you work in the file room ?
44 Answer. Wo could work a very large number.
When the matter was first spoken of I contemplated
that taking half of one of those floors and cutting tho
walls right through, as in the ordnance department,
from end to end, so as to make one large room, and
arranging the files on each side, with a long table in
the center for the clerks, we could work one hundred
men.
44They are very crowded at their work; the rooms
i are too full for health or for convenience in working.
! Up to the time that we got room eighty-four, which
is now alongside of my room and of the same size, I
had in my room twenty-five men; the room is not moro
, than twenty-live by thirty*feet, having four windows
in it; the other rooms are proportionately crowded.
In my departmenttheclerks average seven to a room,
which room I should suppose to be about twelve by
twenty feet; the desks are just as close as they can
be set together in the room with about space enough
for a table between them; the ceilings of the rooms
are, I think, about ten feet high, and there is but one
window iu eaeh room.
E. Pierce—The first objection to an .increase
of force is the want of room. These forty-six clerks
whom we now have employed are all, with the excep-
tion of four, in two rooms, and for the whole iorty-
six we have only thirty-seven desks, and have not
room wherein to put any other desk. That is one
objection. At times now wo are troubled to woik
conveniently. It frequently happens that nearly all
of the clerks want desks to be at work at. That
occurs when we have inquiries where we can take out
| the muster-out rolls in order toauswerthem. In the
room in which I now am, and which is about thirty
feet long by fifteen feet wide, we havo twenty-four
clerks. In another room, about twenty foot by
eighteen feet, we have eighteen cl rks. In Mr. Lusk's
room we had at one time twenty-five clerks. It was
then very much crowded.
44 Question. Are the other rooms crowded in tho
same proportion ?
"Anstoer. I think they are. I think the rooms on
the lower floor are just as much crowded.
44Question. How is it in regard to the health of your
clerks ?
"Answer. I can speak of our room. We have a
great deal of trouble there about having it ventilated
properly and a proper heat maintained. It is heated
with hot air by a furnace in the cellar, and when tho
register is opened it pours in terribly. There are so
many men there, some wanting the air hot andsomo
cool, that we have to have the windows open part of
the time, and to have the window over the doer open.
It causes a terrible draught, and the clerks are con*
stantly complaining of getting cold in the winter
season. Some of them are grumbling that one can-
not stand enough of cold air, and some are grumbling
that others stand too much of it.
44 Question. What can you say respecting the dili-
gence and industrv of clerks engaged in making these
searches? .
44Anstoer. I do not believe that any more intelli-
gent or industrious set of clerks is to be found in any
of the bureaus. I have been at work answering in-
quiries since March, 1864, in that offiee, and I never
worked harder at any work in my life, and I think it
is so generally. The work there is real labor." f
*■Ferdinand Andrews, chief clerk. Second Auditor s
Bureau—We have been restricted very much for want
of room, (we never had room enough in the office,) and
have been constantly and continuously at work to
providebetteraccommodationsandmoreroom. Per-
haps that may be regarded as the chief cause of tho
delay in the payment of these bounties.
14 Question. How much would additional room facil-
itate the business with thesame nuinberof clerks you
have?
4' Answer. I think even that would be of great
assistance, for our olerks are actually in one another s
way In our file rooms, for instance, there is neces-
sarily restraint for want of room, and the clerks are
sometimes in one another's way. So, if we had mor-j
room, with the same force, I have no doubt we coul J
do a very considerable amountof business in advance
of what is done now.
" Our files are now overrun, and I do not know how
to provide additional room, which is indispensablo
at this moment. We have made frequent calls unon
the Secretary, and very urgent calls upon tho War
Department, in whose charge the building is, l^ut we
have not succeeded according to our want*.
" E. B. French—QuetHon, Can any increase of
accommodation be made in your office so as to in-
crease the clerical force?
"A nmner. It has bean my constant effort to secure
