224
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Bucldand.
40th Cong....2d Bess.
sination of Abraham Lincoln but for the per-
fidy of Andrew Johnson. If Andrew Johnson
had been true to the patriotic people who in
the midst of terrible war intrusted him with the
second office in the Republic, the constitutional
amendment known as the fourteenth article,
establishing equality of civil rights and assuring
justice and protection to every American citi-
zen, would have been gladly accepted and
adopted by the people of the States lately in
rebellion, and to-day the Union would have
been restored and the nation on the high road
to prosperity and grandeur.
Andrew Johnson is responsible for the
present unfortunate condition of the southern
people, and they will soon find that he has been
their worst enemy. Under his influence the
conspiracy which had been crushed by the
patriotism of the people and the valor of our
armies revived. At what particular period lie
became a party to that conspiracy it is impos-
sible to determine from any evidence yet
brought to light; but it was certainly not long
after, if not before, the assassination of Mr.
Lincoln. It is doubtful whether the truth as
to that question will ever be known to the
public. His conversation with Judge Mathews,
at Cincinnati, in February, 1865, shows that
he at that time contemplated treachery to the
loyal people who elected him, if nothing worse.
During several months after Andrew Johnson
assumed the executive office he continued, in
speeches and in conversations with loyal men,
to express his determination to "punish trai-
tors and make treason odious," when, at the
same time, it is said upon good authority he
was giving, privately, assurances to traitors
that he was their friend. His first object was
to deceive and distract the loyal people of the
country, as a necessary means to enable him
to accomplish his purposes. Much of his suc-
cess in this respect is due to the unwillingness
of the people to believe that any man could
be so faithless and so lost to his own fair
feme as to betray a confiding people who
had already sacrificed thousands of millions
of treasure and hundreds of thousands of their
patriotic sons to save the life of the nation.
His constant effort has been to make use of
this confiding spirit of a patriotic people by
constantly proclaiming his own boundless pat-
riotism and great love for the Constitution, and
charging the representatives of the people with
the design of overthrowing the Constitution.
In this he has but followed the example of
all men who have heretofore usurped, or at-
tempted to usurp or destroy, the rights of the
people. Notwithstanding his efforts to cover
up and conceal his real designs, they have been
plainly visible in all his conduct since the
meeting of the Thirty-Ninth Congress. Yet
the facts which it would be necessary to prove to
sustain an impeachment for his official miscon-
duct, and his connection with the conspiracy to
give the control of the Government to its ene-
mies are so numerous and spread over so much
time that impeachment could not be accom-
plished without seriously damaging all thegreat-
est interests of the country dependingupon the
legislation of Congress. His trial would have
absorbed the time and attention of Congress,
to the exclusion of other business, for the next
six months at least.
Now, we have a plain, premeditated viola-
tion of the Constitution and laws of Congress,
requiring hut few if any witnesses to establish
the fact, the President having himself furnished
the necessary proof of his guilt in writing. The
time had come when it was necessary for the
success of the conspiracy that he should hare
control of the Army. He had utterly failed in
his attempt to inveigle or seduce Geheral Grant
to the support of his plans. His only remain-
ing chanee of success was to secure a pliant
tool in the War Department. General Lorenzo
Thomas, Adjutant General Of the Army, who
was kept? oat of the Adjutant General's office
during the war bsesaae be was incompetent ot
could not be trusted or for other reasons, was
just the man for the occasion, and the Presi-
dent determined to attempt a coup d'etat in
hopes to find that Congress had not the courage
to meet the issue. He labored under the delu-
sion that a majority of the liepublicans in the
House had heretofore opposed impeachment !
from fear of his power, whereas they were act- j
uated, in a great measure, from the belief that i
his power for mischief had been so completely
limited by the legislation of Congress that it:
would be better to endure him for another |
year than to spend the larger part of that year :
in impeaching him for his many abuses of i
power. They believed that the President could '
not defeat the reconstruction of the rebellious [
States on the congressional plan without re- !
sorting to direct violations of the Constitution j
and laws, for which lie could be impeached
without much trouble or delay. They knew
that General Grant and the Army could not
be used to overthrow the Republic at the in-
stance of a recreant usurper. In tliia they
were not mistaken.
The President has violated the Constitution
and the laws of the United States, and at-
tempted to involve the General and other offi-
cers of the Army in liis unlawful acts. He
underestimated the integrity and patriotism of
these officers and failed in his object. What
are the powers and duties of the President of
the United States which are necessary to be
inquired into in order to determine whether
the President has been guilty of the otfense
charged, rendering him justly liable to im-
peachment? The Constitution defines his
powers and duties in regard to removals and
appointments, as follows :
" He shall have power, by and with the adviee and
consent ol the Senate, to make treaties, provided two
thirds of the Senators present concur; and he shall
nominate, and by andwiththe adviee and consent ot
the Senate, shall appoint embassadors, other public
ministers and consuls, judges of the Supreme Court,
and all other officers of the United States, whose ap-
pointments are not herein otherwise provided, and
which shall be established by law: but the Congress
may by law vest the appointment of such inieiior
ollicers^as they may think proper in the President
alone, In the courts of law, or in the heads of De-
partments.
" The President shall have power to fill up all vacan-
cies that may happen during the recess of the Senate
by granting commissions which shall expire at the
end of then next session."
The Secretary of War is one of the officers
who can only be appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate except where
a vacancy occurs during the recesss of the
Senate. The Constitution nowhere gives him
the power to create a vacancy by removal even
during the recess of the Senate. It is true, it
has become the practice for the President to
exercise that power during the recess of the
Senate, a practice in my opinion not warranted
by the Constitution and never ought to have
been allowed.
The powers and patronage of the executive
office have been constantly increasing by usurp-
ations and misconstructions of the Constitu-
tion, and unless these usurpations and miscon-
structions are checked all the powers of the
Government will soon be concentrated in the
President, and we shall have a monarchy or
despotism instead of a free Republic. It is
perfectly clear that the Constitution gives the j
President no power to remove the Secretary of
War during the session of the Senate, and no
other President ever dared to attempt such an
act of usurpation.
The motive which induced Andrew Johnson
to make the attempt is plain. He wanted a
tool in the War Office who would aid him in his
determination to transfer this Government into
the hands of its enemies. He had good reason
to believe that the Senate would not consent
to the appointment of such a man. He must
have well understood that the Constitution
gave him no such power; but he determined
to disregard the Constitution and to use force,
if necessary, to eject Mr. Stanton and force his
man into fcliff War Offiea'without th« eoug nt of I
the Senate, in flagrant violation of that Consti-
tution which he had taken an oath to support,
I have thus far considered the question of the
power of the President to remove from and
appoint to office, as granted by the Constitu-
tion, without reference to the action of Con-
gress upon the subject. The Thirty-Ninth
Congress, foreseeing that the President would
seek to use all the power of the Government
and the Army to defeat the laws of Congress
and carry into execution his own designs,
enacted a law regulating the removal from and
appointment to office, the first section of which
provides—
" Thot every person holding any civil oi;ice to wh)ch
he has been appointed by and with the advice and
consent of ilie Senate, and every person who shall
hereafter be appointed to any such office, and shall'
becomeduly qualilied to act therein, is, and shall bo,
entitled to hold such office until a successor shall
have been in like manner appointed and duly quali-
fied, except as herein otherwise provided: Provided,
'I'liat the Secretaries ot State, ot the Treasury, of
War, of the Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmaster
General, and the Attorney General shall hold their
offices respectively for and during: the term of the
President by whom they may have been appointed
and for one month thereafter, subject to removal by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate."
It is contended by some that this section
authorizes the President to remove the Secre-
tary of War because he was appointed origin-
ally by President Lincoln and continued in
office by Andrew Johnson. But the President
did not so understand it when he suspended
Mr. Stanton during the recess of the Senate by
virtue of the authority given him in the second
section of the law referred to, instead of remov-
ing him, as he undoubtedly would have done but
for that law. This is only a weak subterfuge
resorted to after he found that he could not use
General Grant.
The second section authorizes the President
to suspend, during the recess of the Senate,
any officer appointed as aforesaid, excepting
judges of the United States courts, who shall
be gailty of misconduct in office, or crime, or
for any reason shall become incapable or legal-
ly disqualified to perform its duties, and says :
" In such case, and in no other, the President may
suspend such officer and i^gsigaate some suitable
person to perform temporarily the duties "until the
next meeting ol the Senate."
The President is required to report his
reasons for the suspension to the Senate with-
in twenty days after the first day of its next
meeting, with the evidence on which his action
is founded.
" But if the Senate shall refuse to concur in such
suspension, sueh officer, so suspended, shall forth-
with resume the functions of ins office,"
The sixth section reads as follows:
" Sec. 6. And he it farther enacted. That every re-
moval, appointment, or employment made, had, or
excrcised contrary to the provisions of this act, and
the making-, signing, sealing, countersigning, or issu-
ing of any commission or letter of authority for or
in respect to any sueh appointment or employment,
shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be. high
misdemeanors, and, upon trial andcon viction thereof,
every person guilty thereof shall be punished by a
fine not exceeding S1O.GO0, or by imprisonment not
exceeding five years, or both said punishment."1, in the
discretion ot the court: Provided, Tflatthe President
shall have power to make out and deliver, after the
adjournment of the Senate, commissions for all offi-
cers whose appointmentshall have been advised and
consented to by the Senate."
This law does nothing more than to enforce
obedience to the Constitution in letter and
spirit, and prescribe the penalty for the viola-
tion of it, making the violation a crime or high
misdemeanor. The President so understood
it, and recognized its validity in suspending
Mr. Stanton instead of removing him during
the reeess of the Senate. But he expected to
induce General Grant to take the responsibility
of violating the law, and he used every artifice
to accomplish that object. He even promised
to pay the fine and endure the imprisonment
himself if Grant would only commit the erime.
I suppose if the crime he wished Grant to com-
mit had been the murder of some Radical he
would have just as readily promised to suffer
the baugioj> in the place of the ®eu«r l. Qeu-
