2748
E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jtme 1,
Jersey is accepted, and the question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri as
modified.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask that the fundamental
condition of the original bill be first read, and
then the substitute for it that I proposed.
The Chief Cijjxik. The amendment is to
strike out of the original bill the following
words:
That the constitution of Arkansas shall never be
so amended or changed as to deprive any citizen or
class of citizens of the United States of the tight to
vote who are entitled to vote by the constitution
herein recognized, except as a punishment lor such
crimes as are now felonies at common law, whereof
they shall have been duly eon\ letcd.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
That there shall never bo in said State any denial
or abridgment of the elective franchise, or of any
other right, to any person by lesison or on account
of race or color, excepting Indians not taxed.
Mr. HENDERSON. I believe it is now in
order to offer an amendment to the amend-
ment. I move the amendment I offered on
Saturday. I have nothing to say in regard to
it. I merely ask the Clerk to read it. I prefer
the condition in this form if it is to be adopted
at all.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to strike out all of the
amendment of Mr. Drake after the word
" That" in the first line, and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
Said State, in fixing tlio qualifications of doctors
therein, shall not bo authorized to discriminate
against any person on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition ; and, also, 011 the further condition
that no pei'Mni on account of race or color shall be
excluded from the benefits of education, or bo de-
prived of an equal share of the moneys or other funds
created or used by public authority to promote edu-
cation in said State.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the
question 011 the amendment to the amend-
ment, and declared that the noes appeared to
have it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FIIEUNGHUYSEN. 1 understand
that all that is contained in this amendment
of the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Hender-
son] is contained in the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand not. To
what provision in the fourteenth amendment
does the Senator refer?
Mr. FUEIJNOillJYSEN. That there shall
be no discrimination in civil rights on account
of race or color ; and the only thing we want
to provide for now is to preventthat discrimin-
ation in political rights, and that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri does.
Mr. HENDERSON. The amendment of
the Senator from Missouri does not refer to
political rights at all.
Mr. FREEING llUrSEN. I mean the
amendment, of your colleague, [Mr. Drake.]
Mr. HENDERSON. It says they shall not
be denied any right.
Mr. PRELINGHPYSEN. Theexercise of
the elective franchise. That is apolitical right,
I believe.
Mr. HENDERSON. T should like to have
the amendment ol my colleague read again.
I he Chief Clerk again read the amendment
of Mr. Duake, as follows :
That there shall never be in said State anv denial
or abridgment of the elective franchise, or of any
other riKiit, to any person by reason or on account
01 race or color, excepting Indians not taxed.
Mr. HENDERSON. u Any other right."
It does not mean a political right. The lan-
guage is, shall not be denied "the elective
franchise 01; any other right." I think that
includes civil rights. I should like to ask the
Senator from New Jersey whether, upon the
adoption of this amendment of my colleague,
in liis judgment the State is permitted to pro-
vide separate schools for whites and blacks, or
whether they must not bo educated in the same
schools ?
Mr, FRKLINGHUYSEN. I cannot answer
that question, fori, do not think that either the
constitutional amendment or the proposition
of the Senator's colleague touches that ques-
tion, as to what school they shall be educated
in; but 1 think that the amendment as pro-
posed, as well as the constitutional amend-
ment, prevents a discrimination ill civil or
political rights on account of race or color.
Mr._ HENDERSON. Mr. President, I can
state in a few words my view in offering this
amendment. I desire that the negroes shall
have an equal right in the school moneys, but
that the State may require them to be educated
in different schools from the whites. I pro-
pose that their rights shall be the same in the
public funds, just, as we have provided 111 the
District of Columbia. Further, I do not desire
to take away (lie right fiom the States to say
who shall hold offices in the States. If they
desire to say that the whites shall hold the
offices, let them do so. I do not fear any pro-
vision of that sort ever being adopted in one
of the States, provided this is a valid condi-
tion, because the negroes being entitled to the
suffrage on equal terms with the whites, of
course can protect themselves in that behalf.
But I would not provide here by a condition
that the States should extend the same rights
to tlienegroesinregard to office-holding, marry-
ing, or anything else, that they do to the whites ;
and I think if we adopt a condition at all, we
had better adopt it in the form in which I have
presented it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment,
on which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 5, nays 30 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Backalew, Doolittle, Henderson,
Hendricks, and Itoss—0.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Oattell, Chand-
ler, Colo, Conklinff, Corbett, Ilrake, Ferry, Krclincc-
huvscn, Harlan, Howe, Johnson. McCrcerv, Morrill
ot ll<une, Morrill of Vermont. Nye, Patterson of
Tenne;^ee, Poineroy, Ramsey. Stewart, Thayer, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers, Wade, Willey,
Williams, and Yates—.">U.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Conness, (Jra^in, Da-
vis, Dixon, Edmunds, Fesxcnden, Fowlei, Cirnnes,
Howard, Morgan, Morton, Norton, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Snulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner,
and Wilson—19.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. T offer an amendment
to strike out all of the bill and to insert the
following.
Mr. DRAKE. I suppose that the amend-
mentwhich the honorable Senator from 1 ndiana
now offers cannot precede my amendment
which is pending ?
The PKESIDENTjpfo tempore. Not unless
it is an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mi ne is an amendment
to the amendment. I propose to strike out
more.
Mr. DRAKE. I understood the honorable
Senator to move to strike out the whole bill
and insert a substitute.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; after the
title.
Mr. DRAKE. Well, sir, -I had the rule
applied to me two or three days ago that an
amendment to the bill takes precedence of a
motion to amend it by way of substitute.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is with the Senator from Missouri. It is in
order to perfect the bill before it can be
stricken out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, suppose the
words proposed by the Senator from Missouri
are adopted, can they be stricken out?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly they can.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Y ou can move to strike
out the whole bill. A substitute will then be
in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Drake.]
Mr. DRAKE. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire simply to say
that I think the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri is preferable to the condition
imposed by the House bill; it is less objec-
tionable certainly; and I shall therefore vote
for it.
Mr. CONKLING. Let 11s hear the amend-
ment read as it now stands.
The Chief Ci.erk. It is proposed to strike
out all of the bill after the word " condition"
in the fifth line, and to insert': ,
That there sit all never be in said State any denial
or abridgement of the elective franchise, or of any
other right, to any person by reason t>r on account
of race or color, excepting Indians not taxed.
Mr. STEWART. I simply wish to say that
I prefer that to the condition in the original
bill, and shall vote for it. I think the improve-
ment sufficient to warrant us in amending the-
bill as it came from the House.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 14 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole.
Conkling, Cragin, Drake, Jfesscnden, Frelinghuysen,
Harlan, Henderson, Howe, Johnson, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Ramsey, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Trnmbull, Wa.de, Wilson, and Yates—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Corbett, Doo-
litti o. Ferry, Fowler, Hendricks, McCreery, Patterson
of Tennessee, Itoss, Van Winkle, Vickers, Willey,
and Williams—14
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Conness, Davis, Dixon,
Edmunds, Giimes, Howard, Morgan, Morton. Nor-
ton, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Sherman, and Sprague—14.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I now offer the amend-
ment which I proposed a few minutes since.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state, for the informa-
tion of the Senator from Indiana, that there is
another amendment of mine on the table, which
is yet to be acted upon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe the Senator
can offer but one amendment at a time.
Mr. DRAKE. It was offered some days
since.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I cannot help tjiat.
There cannot be two amendments offered at
the same time. Let us now try one on this
side.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri pro-
pose to amend the original bill before a vote
is taken on striking out?
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
first in order. The Senator from Missouri has
a right to perfect the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When he sets the
floor.
Mr. DRAKE. This comes under the very
same principle decided by the Chair just now,
that it is in order to perfect the original bill
before the question is taken on striking out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Not until 1 have pro-
posed my amendment and suggested what I
wish to suggest to the Senate upon it.
Mr. DRAKE. I beg pardon of the Senator
for interrupting him, if that is all he desires.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask that my amend-
ment, be read, to strike out ail of the bill after
the title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pre-
amble comes last.
Mr. HENDRICKS I do not care where it
comes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment is a
substitute for preamble and all?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
1 he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will read the amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
Mr. Hkxdkicks, which was to strike out all of
the preamble, and also all of the bill after the
enacting clause, and to insert the following:
That the State of Arkansas is hereby declared re-
stored to her former proper practical relations to the
Union, and is iigain entitled to be represented by
senators and Representatives in Congre&s,
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, tbe
amendment which I have proposed is the sec-
tion. ot the bill restoring the State of Tennes-
see to her practical relations to the Union,
with the exception that I have inserted the
word " declared." The language of the Ten-
nessee bill is:
"That the State of Tennessee is hereby restored to
ner former proper practical relations to the Union,
and is again entitled to representation."
