340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
an increase of accommodation. Several of the annual
reports which I have made have called for more
room as well as more clerical force, as well as fre-
quent communications to the Secretaries of the
Treasury and Wy. There has been no time when
the accommodations have been adequate to the
demands of the office, or when clerks could work
either as advantageously or as healthfully as they
ought to be enabled to do. Winder's building, in
which the larger portion of the office is, is under the
control of the War Department, and it is only through
the consent of the Secretary that we are able to
obtain any addition to the room that we may have
from time to time. Requests have been made by me
through the Secretary repeatedly and often for addi-
tional room to accommodate the present force, as
well as to accommodate an additional force when
required. But we have been unable to obtain more
than we now possess, and have been compelled to
clear files from the security of rooms into cases, with
which we have lined thesides of corridors, which are
already narrow, to accommodate these tiles and make
room lor the working of the clerical force. If the
Secretary of War could give us additional room we
could, undoubted^, with our present force, accom-
plish more work and more conveniently than we
now do."
At our July session I introduced a bill to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
cause photographic copies of the muster-out
rolls to be taken, for the use of the Paymaster
General, with a view to expediting the pay-
ment of the bounties. The bill passed this
House, but it did not pass the Senate.
I send to the Clerk's desk the evidence given
on this point by Colonel Gibson, chief of that
division of the pay department which has
charge of the payment of bounties.
The Clerk read as follows :
" W. R. Gibson—Question. Has it ever occurred to
you that these difficulties might be removed by the
photographic process.
" A nmrrr. Yes.
"Question. State your views on that subject?
"Answer. The photographing process would obtain
copies in a more expeditious and rapid manner and
obviate the immense labor attending the copying of
them.
"Question. Was it practicable?
"Answer. I have consulted some photographers
about the matter,and they sayitcan be done readily.
The photographer in theTreasury Departmentcalled
at my office and said he could do them, and he made
representations of that kind down here. I also con-
sulted the photographer in the medical department,
and he said it could be done without trouble. The
only expense would be that at first attending the
large plates it would require.
" Question. Statewhetherornotyouwereinformed
by this photographer that photographs equal in size
tojhese rolls could be taken of them?
" Answer. Yes, sir; they said there was no trouble
at all about the size. In fact, the Treasury photo-
grapher took some of the rolls we had there with a
view to making an estimate of the cost. After that
I heard nothing further from him, and I was led to
believe, without knowing anything about it, that he
had been directed to cease his operations or it wa3
suggested to him to do so.
Question. Did you see his copies ?
" Answer. No ; I was there two or throe times and
could not find him in.
" Question. Then in your judgment there would be
nodifficulty growing out of the size of these rolls ?
" Answer. Itwould bean easy matter to takethem
by sections if there was.
" Question. You did not propose to take them at a
reduced size?
" Answer. No, sir; I proposed to take them at the
full size, and in sections if necessary. The objection
made in the Auditor's office was that there were a
great many remarks in red ink that could not be
copied by photography. They also said their ragged
oondition was such that they could not be smoothed
out in order to take them, but the copies in the
Adjutant General's office could be used for the pur-
pose.
Question. Taking the cases where there are paper
slips fastened on the rolls, could not they beremoved
and full copies taken?
" Anstoer. I see no objection to that. The whole
matter was talked over with these photographers,
and they said it could he done.
" Question. Suppose these rolls had been photo-
grapned in July, and photograph copies furnished to
your office, and that the clerks who had been dis-
charged since that time had been retained, how much
would that have facilitated the business?
"Answer. If photograph copies were furnished we
would not require the services of theclerkswhohave
been discharged, as the force I have now could have
obtained the information.
"Question. How much would the photographic
copies, if taken in July, expedite the settlement of
these claims?
"Answer. We could have settled double the num-
ber of claims up to this time. A paymaster then
would have the roll of any regiment ne was working
on right before him, and could satisfy himself at a
glance whether a man was entitled to the bounty or
not._ It wouid then have been merely a question of
clerical labor, settling up an account an&drawing a
check. Now we have to wait until a transcript of
eachman is sent, as the examination of each roll is
made, and the paymaster pays on that."
PAINE. .That bill was substantially
drawn at the pay department, in the division
of referred claims, which has charge of the
payment of the bounties. I had very slight
knowledge of photography myself, but I was
assured by the Treasury photographer that the
plan was entirely feasible, and I then believed
this photographic duplication of the muster-
out rolls to be the only possible means for
hastening the work. I was anxious to try any
reasonable plan which promised to realize a
result so important to the interests of a class
of men, women, and children whose claims
upon us are the strongest of which the mind
can possibly conceive. But whether this ex-
periment would have proved successful or not,
of one thing I am now certain; I have learned
it from the evidence taken by the committee.
It is this: that a far simpler, surer, cheaper
course was open to us then, as it is now. The
best remedy then was, as it now is, to author-
ize and compel the Treasury Department to
employ more clerks on the work, and to furnish
them adequate accommodations. If that force
had been increased to one hundred on the 1st
day of last August, and ten additional pay-
masters employed, a simple arithmetical com-
putation will show you, sir, that to-day there
wouid have been less than seventy thousand
cases unsettled; that before the middle of next
month the work would have been complete.
If the same force had been set at work on the
1st day of January, 1867, when the settlements
commenced, then, sir, at the rate hitherto :
maintained, the entire bounty business would !
have been closed before the end of last month. |
If the same force had been set at work at the |
expiration of three .months from the passage
of the act the work would have been all done ,
before the end of last August. But, sir, I did
not know then what I now know—that the
cheapest and best way was to increase the
clerical force. If I had I should have clam-
ored, not for photographs, but for more clerks.
One more observation, Mr. Speaker, and I
will resume my seat. When we passed this act
we had full notice that it found no favor in the
eyes either of the Secretary of the Treasury or
the Paymaster General. On this point they
made no attempt to deceive us. And yet it was
natural, if not neqessary, that we should intrust
the execution of the act to one of these officers.
But instead of intrusting its execution to one
of them we intrusted it to both, and thus cre-
ated a divided responsibility, which, as usual,
both were likely to evade. We directed the Pay-
master General to pay the bounties <5f the living
soldiers. But we directed the Treasury De-
partment to pay the bounties of the widows and
heirs of deceased soldiers. Both are necessa-
rily settled by the same rolls. To ask an offi-
cer whose judgment was opposed to the enact-
ment of a law to boil over with zeal in its exe-
cution is asking quite too much of human
nature—even of that lofty style of human nature
in which Secretaries are supposed to be made.
We forgot all this. We took it for granted that
if we should once authorize the Secretaries to
pay these bounties they would climb mountains
and swim rivers and leap hedges and ditches
in their eager pursuit of duty.
We thought that no obstacle would be able
to check the impetuous euthusiasm with which
each would struggle to distance the other in
the race. And so we erected this barrier of
divided responsibility; and some of us now
complain that neither of them jumped over it,
but both crawled around it. But this is not the
worst of it. Knowing the opinions entertained
by the Secretary of the Treasury and the Pay-
master General respecting this law, we ought
not only to have erected no new obstacles to
ita execution, but carefully to have removed
those impediments which'already existed. We
ought not only to have required a single bureau
to perform all the work and bear all the respon-
sibility, but we ought to have furnished that
bureau with abundant room and adequate cler-
ical force.
Sir, I am not sure that there has been no
lack of zeal in this work in the War and Treas-
ury Departments. But I am sure that any
attempt on our part to fasten upon them or
either of them the exclusive responsibility for
the delay in the payment of these bounties will
be for the " pot to call the kettle black'' under
circumstances of peculiar aggravation.
Mr. Speaker, it is too late Jo undo past mis-
chief. But further delay we cau prevent. I know
sir—I do not merely conjecture—1 know that
increased force and increased room will expe-
dite this work, and that we now have no alter-
native. I will waste no time in idle speculation
as to what this or that officer will do if permit-
ted to act at his discretion. One thing is cer-
tain: more clerks will be employed and accom-
modated if we peremptorily order it. And I
propose to try compulsion, to try it now, so
that we may see with our own eyes how the
work is done. For years the Second Auditor
has earnestly asked for augmented facilities for
the performance of his work. Hitherto he has
asked in vain. With the means now at his dis-
posal he cannot dispose of these bounty cases
with satisfactory dispatch. It is a sheer impos-
sibility. Refuse to increase his force and the
responsibility for further delay will be yours.
Refuse this now and the charge so often made
that Congress has money for everything and
everybody except for the bounties of white sol-
diers will be a hard charge for you to answer.
Augment his force, and if delays shall inter-
vene through the neglect or willful misconduct
of any officer, high or low, the dereliction of
duty will be so tangible and indefensible that
you can, as you should, and I trust will, promptly
detect, convict, and punish the delinquent. We
have not now time to bandy words or throw
grass. We must, without delay, try the virtue
there is in stones.
I propose to amend the bill as follows: ■
First amendment: in section one, line four, strike
out " twenty-five" and insert " sixty-five;" so it will
read :
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, directed to employ, by transfer or otherwise,
sixty-seven additional clerks in the division of the
Second Auditor's office of the Treasury furnishing
information to the Paymaster General in regard to
soldiers claiming bounty under act of July, 1866, to
be continued as long as there is a necessity for the
same.
Second amendment: add at the end of line nine,
section one, these words:
And to provide for convenient room for the clerks
employed in the examination of the muster-rolls in
said office.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I now yield
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Getz,] a member of the committee.
Mr. GETZ. I yield for a moment for the
introduction of some bills.
NATIONAL HOTEL COMPANY.
Mr. STONE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 366) to incorporate
the National Hotel Company of Washington
city ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
CONSOLIDATION OF INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
367) to provide for the consolidation of the
Indian tribes and the organization of a system
of government in the Indian territory ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
AMENDMENT OP THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State is hereby re-
quested to inform this House how many and what
State Legislatures have ratified the proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States known
as the fourteenth article.
PAYMENT OP BOUNTIES AGAIN.
_ Mr. GETZ. I propose to occupy the atten-
tion of the House only for a few minutes.
Mr. Speaker, it Was doubtless the intention
of Congress when the extra bounty bill was
passed that payments under it should be made
promptly. The very nature of the payments
would presume that idea. A bounty is a gift,
a gratuity, a reward, and in the payment of
