1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1725
way by reducing the interest on the funds when
that interest is altogether too large to meet the
necessities of the occasion.
Mr. DAVIS. I am certainly much more
disposed to support the proposition of the
Senator from Ohio than the measure as it
came from the House of Representatives, but
both propositions are before us. One is ac-
tually and presently before the Senate, and
the. other is potentially before us, because if
the proposition of the Senator from Ohio be
rejected the other proposition comes up as a
matter of course, and hence I was making my
remarks more strongly against the measure as
it came from the other House than against his
proposition. But I do not see any necessity
whatever for the legislation. The measure
might pass as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives, or it might be rejected and the
proposition of the Senator from Ohio be ac-
cepted, and it would not give the Treasury of
the United States the use of one dollar more
of money than it now has.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It saves $500,000 a
year in interest ; that is all.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Ken-
tucky must know that all the interest on the
public debt is now collected and paid in gold.
The result of collecting so much money as
interest on this fund is to increase the taxes
on our constituents more than two hundred
thousand dollars in gold, which is sold at a
premium and then reinvested in Government
bonds.
Mr. DAYIS. The interest upon this fund
is applied to the payment of Navy pensions,
and the surplus goes into the Treasury and is
used from year to year.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; the surplus goes
directly into bonds under existing laws and
swells the amount of indebtedness.
Mr. DAYIS. Is the excess of interest re-
quired to be funded?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is under existing laws
funded.
Mr. DAYIS. That is a feature in the system
that I was not acquainted with, I frankly ad-
mit. I admit that the proposition, as it has
been made by the Senator from Ohio, meets
with very little opposition from me; but I was
struck by a remark of the Senator from Ver-
mont that we do not know how the number of
these pensioners may be increased for some
years to come, resulting from the casualties
and the events of war.
Mr. GRIMES. They will rather decrease,
I think.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not insist that this
accumulation of debt by funding the surplus
of interest on the bouds should continue.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to
amend the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio by adding to it the words 11 and so much
of the joint resolution of July 1, 1864, as is
inconsistent herewith is hereby repealed;" so
as to make the amendment read:
That the interest on the fund known as the naval
pension tund shall hereafter be at the rate of three
per cent, per annual in lawful money, and shall
be applicable exclusively to the payment ol Navy
pensions according to existing laws; and so much of
the joint resolution of July 1,18G-1, as is inconsistent
herewith is hereby repealed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It seems to me
from what has transpired in the Senate that this
amendment, if amended as I propose, would
meet the general judgment of the Senate. It
preserves the fund under the original act and
only provides for the payment of so much as
will meet the current appropriation necessary
to pay the pensions which are charged upon it.
Mr. OORBETT. As I understand the case,
this money was set aside, and has been invested
in United States bonds which pay an annual
interest of six per cent, per annum. I do not
know why these bonds purchased with this
money should not bear the same rate of inter-
est as any other bonds ot the United States.
Out of this interest is paid the annual amount
of pensions due to the officers and seamen of
the Navy and their widows and orphans, and
the balance is invested iu United States bonds.
That balance consumes and purchases just so
many more United States bonds and keeps
them within our own hands. If we did not hold
the bonds this interest would be paid to other
parties, and with this fund we purchase and
accumulate more of the bonds than we other-
wise should, and thus get more of our debt into
our own hands. It is set aside as a special
fund for the benefit of the Navy and those who
may hereafter enlist in the Navy for the defense
of the country; and it seems to me that these
bonds should be kept sacred as a special fund
at the same rate of interest as other bonds of
the United States. I shall vote against the
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine to the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion to strike out the
second section of the bill as amended.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask what will
be the situation of the second section pro-
vided this motion prevails.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the
motion prevail there will be no second section
left.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ohio
moved to amend the amendment of the com-
mittee by inserting what has just been adopted
instead of the second section of the House
bill. That has been agreed to, and now the
question is upon the amendment as amended,
the amendment of the committee to strike out
the section as it has been amended by insert-
ing the words proposed by the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Chair
be kind enough to state the question to the
Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The
amendment reported by the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out the second
section of the bill. The Senator from Ohio
moved to amend the section before the vote
was taken on striking it out; and that amend-
ment, after being modified, was agreed to ; so
that all of the section after the enacting clause
was stricken out and the matter proposed by
him substituted. To that the Senate has
agreed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, if we agree
to the motion to strike out, will the section
remain as it has been amended?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No. If
the Senate wish to retain the section as it
stands amended they must vote against the
motion to strike out.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to strike out the second
section as amended.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. Now, I understand that the
second section as it came from the House of
Representatives is stricken out and the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio stands in its
place.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. So the
Chair understands.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, atid passed.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION'S.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move now to
take up for consideration House bill No. 718,
which is the consular and diplomatic appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 718) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th June, 1869,
and for other purposes, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line eleven, to strike out
the word "Portugal" from the list of coun-
tries for the salaries of ministers to which
appropriations are made by the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
of the committee if they understand tkat we
are to have no mission to Portugal for the
future 1
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The committee
had not understood much about it, but simply-
followed the appropriation bill of last year.
Asa matter of fact there was no appropriation
last year for a minister to Portugal, and the
committee followed that as a guide.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Was not Portugal in-
serted in the list by the House of Representa-
tives? Is it. not iu the House bill ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is in the bill
as it comes to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives ; but on reference to the appropria-
tion of last year we saw no appropriation was
made for it, and we took that as the rule of
our action.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Everybody knows what
the reason of that was. It was done on account
of the minister. We made no appropriation
for Portugal on account of a difficulty that
arose in regard to Mr. Harvey. But if we are
to continue in that way, it results in our giving
up the mission to Portugal altogether. To
make an appropriation prospectively for next
year, as the bill proposes, does not affect that
question, which has existed for two years in
regard to the pay of Mr. Harvey. To be sure,
no other minister has been appointed to Portu-
gal as yet, and I do not know but that Mr.
Harvey may go back if an appropriation be
made for the next year. I suggest, however,
to the Senate that it is hardly worth while to
carry that any further, unless we mean to give
up the mission to Portugal altogether.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask is there
any reason to suppose that the minister has
been recalled?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that
there is.
Mr. SUMNER. I have never heard that
he has been recalled. Wc all know he has
been in Washington this winter; sundry letters
of his have been read to the Senate ; 'but I have
no reason to suppose that he is recalled. I
may, however, be mistaken. I have no inform-
ation on the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. I have great comidence in his judg-
ment, and if he is in favor of omitting any
appropriation for the mission to Portugal I do
not think that I shall make any objection to
that course.
Mr. SUMNER. I would say this: that if
the former minister were recalled I should be
for putting an appropriation into the bill now
for Portugal, because then no minister could
be sent without the confirmation of the Sen-
ate; but if the former minister is not recalled
then an appropriation for Portugal would
operate to set him going again, to give him a
salary. On that question I do not think it
advisable to take any backward step. Con-
gress has already acted, after ample consider-
ation' at one or two different sessions, and I
incline to think that wo had better abide by
that action. When we have reason to know
that the mission to Portugal is in such a con-
dition that we shall not be obliged to retreat
from our former action, then 1 should think it,
advisable to put Portugal into our bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the action
striking out the appropriation for the mission
to Portugal originated in the House of Repre-
sentatives, where the letter of Mr. Harvey that
was published occasioned a great, deal of indig-
nation; and the Senate "followed suit." The
House has now put it in, and I understood,
outside, that the Committee on Appropriations
of the House, or some committee there which
