1808.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong....2d Sess,
Impeacluncul—Mr. Mallory.
225
Ho. op Heps.
eral Grant had no disposition to violate the
law, and if he had placed any reliance what-
ever on Andrew Johnson's promises he would
have shown himself a greater fool than his
worst enemies take him to be.
Having entirely failed to implicate G-eneral
Grant in his unlawful purposes the President
linally determined to take the bold step on liis
own responsibility, and issued the following
order:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., February'JX, 1868.
Sir: By vhtuo of the power and authoiity vested
in me, as President, by the Constitution and law* of
the United States, yuu are hereby removed from
ofiice as Secictary for the Dcpar!mentof War, and
your functions as such will terminate upon tho receipt
of this communication.
You will (ranslcr to .Brevet Major General Lorenzo
Thomas, Adjutant General of the Army, who lias this
day been authorized and empowered to act as Sec-
retary ot War ad interim, all records, books, papers,
and other public property now in your custody and
charge
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
Hon. Edwix M. Sta.vtox, Washington, D. C.
On the same day this order was served upon
Mr. Stauton and a copy sent by the President
to the Senate of the United States, Lorenzo
Thomas appeared at the office of the Secre-
tary of War, demanding possession and threat-
ening to take possession by force unless Mr.
Stanton voluntarily surrendered it. Upon
receipt of the President's message transmitting
the order the Senate went into executive ses-
sion to consider the subject, and after discussion
passed the following resolution :
In Executive Session,
Sexate op the United States,
February 21, lSbS.
"Whereas the Senate have read and considered the
communication of the President, seating that ho liad
removed Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War, and
had dcM^nated the Adjutan t General of the Army to
act as Secretary of War ad interim: Therefore,
Jtesohed by the Senate of the United Stated, That
under the Constitution and laws of the United States
the Prcbident has no power to remove the Secretary
of War and designate any^ other officer to perform
the duties ot that ollico ad iiderim.
Here, Mr. Speaker, is a palpable and defi-
ant violation, not only of a law passed by Con-
gress under the Constitution of the United
States, but of the Constitution itself. By this
act Andrew Johnson committed a crime or
high misdemeanor, punishable by fine and im-
prisonment, for which he is also liable to im-
peachment, and ought to be impeached and
removed from the high office which he has so
long and so often abused. I do not subscribe
to the doctrine that the President of the United
States can only be impeached for offenses
made indictable by statute or at common law;
but that question does not arise in this case,
and 1 shall not stop to discuss it.
Andrew Johnson has been guilty of many
acts of official misconduct, l'or winch 1 think he
deserved to be impeaehed, and I hope here-
after no President who follows in his foot-
steps will be permitted to escape so long. It
is high time that all men should be made to
understand that it is the duty of the President
to execute the laws, not to make them, or to
dictate to Congress what laws it shall pass, or
to assume to himself the judicial function of
deciding upon the constitutionality of any law
duly passed by the legislative department of
the Government.
Andrew Johnson has not only failed to exe-
cute the laws in good faith, but has conspired
with others to defeat them. He would have
succeeded to a much greater extent in his ne-
farious designs than he has but for the pre-
cautionary laws passed by Congress to prevent
him. No doubt he would have long ago
ordered General Grant away from Washing-
ton, or placed him under arrest, but for the
provisions of the second section of a law passed
March 2, 1867, which 1 will read:
"Si:C. 2. And be it jiwther enacted, That the head-
quarters of the Gcneial of the Army of the United
States shall be at the city of Washington, and all
orders and instructions relating to military operations
issued by the President or Secretary of War shall be
4Uth Coxa. 2d Sess.—No. 15.
issued through the General of the Army, and in case
of his inability through the next in rank. The Gen-
eral of the Army shall not be removed, suspended, or
relic\ edfrom command or assigned to duty elsewhere
than at said headquarters, except at his ownxequest,
without the previous approval of the Senate; and
any orders or instructions relating to military opera-
tions issued contrary to the requirements ot this sec-
tion shall be null and void; and any officer who shall
issue orders or instructions contrary to theprovisions
of this section shall be deemed guilty ot a misde-
meanor in ollico; and any officer of the Ai my who shall
transmit, convey, or obey any order* or instructions
so issued contrary to the provisions of this section,
knowing that such orders were so issued, shall be
liable to imprisonment for not less than two nor more
than twenty years, upon conviction thereof m any
court of competent jurisdiction."
The President's attempts to get around or
over this law have been not only shameful but
amusing. Finding that General Grant stood
between him and the Army, and could neither
be persuaded nor driven to lend himself to the
unlawful designs of the President, and would
not allow the Army to be used m violation of
law, he attempted to supersede General Grant
in command at Washington by creating a new
department with headquarters at Washington,
with the intention of placing General Sher-
man in command with a nomination as brevet
general, which he supposed the Senate would
not dare to reject. But General Sherman was
not to be caught with such chaff. Failing in
this by the good sense of General Sherman,
he tries General George II. Thomas with the
same bait, and with like success. Having
failed to entrap the leading generals, and in-
duee them to take a position antagonistic to
General Grant, lie next tampers with officers
lower in command to ascertain whether they
could bo induced to obey orders directly from
the President in disregard of the law. But
he could find none so forgetful of duty or so
void of patriotism as to lend themselves to his
base purposes. Yet some have feared and
others have threatened that the President will
use the Army to resist the action of Congress
if he should be impeached and sentenced to
removal from office upon conviction. All such
talk is idle nonsense. Andrew Johnson will
be impeached by the House, convicted by the
Senate, and removed from office without the
firing of a gun or the loss of a man. The
country will then be rid of an incubus which
has retarded its prosperity, encouraged its ene-
mies, and discouraged its friends during the
last two years. The moment honest Bex Wade
takes charge of the holm of State traitors will
be silent, patriots will rejoice, and confidence
in the stability of our free institutions will be
restored, and Andrew Johnson will bo remem-
bered only to be despised for his faithlessness.
On the -1th of March, 1800, General U. S.
Grant will be inaugurated President of the
United States, and the great conspiracy of the
slaveholders and their Democratic allies of
the North against the inalienable rights of
man and to perpetuate human slavery will be
crushed forever.
impcaclciicnt.
SPEECH OF HON. RUFUS MALLORY,
of okego-v,
Ix the House of Representatives,
February 24, ISIjS,
On the resolution reported hy the Committee on
Reconstruction for the impeachment of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, it may not
be doing more than justice to myself to ask
the indulgence of the House for af'ew moments
to slate the reasons that will control my action
on the resolution now here pending. I am
one of those Union men who, when a resolu-
tion similar to the one now under considera-
tion was reported by a majority of the Judiciary
Committee, opposed its adoption. The con-
siderations that controlled my action then are
not necessarily involved in this discussion, yet
it may not be out of place for me here to say
that in wandering through the labyrinthian
mazes of the ponderous volumes of testimony
presented by tiie Judiciary Committee to the
House, I failed to find in it that which in my
liumble judgment would justify me, as a sworn
Representative, to declare that upon that testi-
mony the President of the United States was
guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors, and
ought to he called to answer at the bar of the
high court of impeachment for his wrongful
action and for his willful and wicked violation
of the law. The charges of usurpation of power,
the abuse of the appointing, the pardoning,
and the veto power which the Executive is
authorized to use in his discretion, having no
rule defined and fixed by law within which
such discretion shall be confined, requires of
us, in the consideration of these charges, that
we forget not the frailty of human wisdom and
the proneness to err in the human judgment
without a willful intent to commit a crime or
do a wrong. It was the lack of sufficient pro®f
to show the animus of Andrew Johnson in
these acts that caused me to vote against his
impeachment then, but it was far from being
a declaration that I approved his conduct.
The honorable gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] intimates that it is the purpose
of the dominant party to hurry this matter
through for the purpose of lashing the " timid
and conservative of the party into voting for
it." I desire to say to the honorable gentle-
man, if the fact of my having opposed this
proposition induces him to class me among
the timid or conservative who are to be lashed
in by this haste to vote for the resolution, he
is very much mistaken. I, sir, am here to act
under the "lash" of no political party. The
excitement of the hour in no manner affects
my judgment or controls my reason. I have no
feeling of hate or desire for vengeance. Against
Andrew Johnson 1 have no animosity ; he has
done me no personal wrong, save as he has
wronged the great American people, of whom
I am one; but having wronged both them and
me, in their name I demand that by the forms
of the Constitution and the laws he shall be
brought before the bar of justice to answer for
his offending. In the performance of such a
duty I bhall procecd with clean hands and a
pure heart. I shall act with the ever present
consciousness that I am under the solemn ob-
ligation of an oath to support the Constitution
and the lawn, and that for my action I must
answer to God and the country. The ques-
tion as it is now presented to the House is
without intricacies, and in no way surrounded
with doubt. The act is a plain one, and is
affirmed anil entered upon the record over the
President's own signature. He has removed
Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of the Depart-
ment of War, and has appointed and commis-
sioned Brevet Major General Lorenzo Thomas
to be Secretary of War ad interim, without the
advice and conscnt of the Senate while that
body was in actual session, contrary to and in
express and positive violation of an existing
law of the United Stales making such removal
and appointment a high misdemeanor.
Take for a moment the most favorable view
in which the President himself demand? that
his case shall be considered. Admit, as lie
claims, that under the Constitution he alone
possesses the power of removal from office,
and how does he stand before the country'/ 1
know of no higher or better rule by which he
shall be tried, in this view of the case, than that
laid down by one of the most eminent of the
framers of the Constitution, James Madison,
He, sir, while holding that the Constitution
granted to the Executn e the power of removal
from office as a m cessary incident to the exer-
cise of the exeeuthe power, has not failed to
( place upon the record a clear and distinct deh-
j nition of the very offense of which Andrew
| Johnson stands now charged, even though the
I tenure-of-office law had never been enaclcu.
