1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
such the ancient maxim might well apply, " he |
gives twice who gives quickly." !
The investigation of the committee who were
appointed under the resolution of the House,
and whose report is now before us. shows that
under the present system of payment it will
require three years to complete the payment
of extra bounties, and the result will be, unless
something is done by Congress to facilitate
the matter, that many of the claimants never
will be paid, that many soldiers entitled to the
bounty will die before they are paid, and that
many "tired of waiting will sell out their claims
for a trifle. The sum now appropriated by
Congress is entirely too small to allow any-
thing of the kind to be done.
If the mode of payment were to be initiated
anew, they could doubtless have recommended
some mode which would have facilitated the
payment very considerably, but it is too late
to do that now. and therefore the committee
have done the best they could under the cir-
cumstances by reporting the bill now before
the House, which they have evidence before
them to show will facilitate the payment of
these bounties very materially. I presume that
no gentleman will offer any obstacle or make
any objection to the payment of all these just
claims as speedily as possible; and I hope,
therefore, that the bill before the House will
pass without delay.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to know if the bill ;
is now open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. The bill is before the
House, and the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Paine,] a member of the committee, has
moved some amendments which must be dis-
posed of before other amendments can be ;
offered. An amendment to those amendments 1
would be in order.
Mr. LOGAN. My amendment is to the
whole bill.
The SPEAKER. It is in order for the
gentleman to offer a substitute for the bill.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I offer the following as
a substitute:
That the Second Auditor of the Treasury Depart-
ment be, and is hereby, authorized and directed to
employ as many additional clerks as in his judgment
may be necessary /or a speedy settlement of all
claims for bounties made by soldiers of the late war,
and that in all cases he shall give preference to the
soldiers and sailors who served faithfully and were
honorably discharged in'this employment; further,
that he shall have authority to rent such suitable
rooms or buildings as may be necessary to allow^uch
work to be done with dispatch.
The SPEAKER. That amendment is in
order as a substitute for the bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I offer it as a substitute for
the first section of the bill, which is the whole
bill really.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman will
have to add the second section of the bill as
printed to his substitute.
Mr. LOGAN. I will do so, and then offer
it as a substitute, and I will state my reasons
in a moment, for I do not desire to detain the
House. It is unnecessary and useless for us
to appoint clerks in the Second Auditor's
office unless, as was suggested by the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe,] we authorize
them to have rooms or places in which to
work. I had a talk with the Second Auditor
myself in reference to this matter, although I
am not a member of the committee, and he
informed me that he had no rooms for the use
of additional clerks, nowhere where he can put
any more clerks than he has now, but that the
Secretary of War had proposed to give him four
additional rooms, I believe, and that they were
in the upper part of the building occupied by
the Secretary of War, and were of such a char-
acter that really he would not place clerks in
them to work, and hence he could not employ
more clerks than he had unless rooms were
furnished for them.
Now, it would be of no use if we were to
provide for a hundred additional clerks unless
we should also provide rooms for their accom-
modation, and if we desire the bounties to be
paid, as I presumfe we all do, we ought to pro-
vide a sufficient number of rooms.
I am opposed to providing for any specific
number of clerks, but let the responsibility be
upon the Second Auditor and the Treasurer if
this work is not performed with dispatch. They
certainly will not employ more clerks than are
absolutely necessary, and if they can do the
whole work in three months by employing three
hundred clerks I am willing they should do it.
Let the work be done as readily as possible,
because the soldiers of the country demand
that this work shall be done, and done at once.
I remember very well that when this bounty
bill was passed the head of the Treasury De-
partment was opposed to it, because he did
not want the money to go out of the Treasury
to these soldiers on account of the amount that
it would take from the Treasury of the United
States. I will not say that there is a desire
now to retain the money and not pay it to the
soldiers in order to madden the soldiers against
the majority of the Congress of the United
States. I will not say that that is the case, but
if the majority of Congress desire to leave them
no excuse for the non-performance of their
duty let them provide such ways and means
that they may perform that duty, and then the
soldiers will have no right to complain of us,
and the complaint will lie at the door of the
one who does obstruct the payment of their
bounties.
Mr. GETZ. Will the gentleman allow me
a word of explanation?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. GETZ. The gentleman has alluded to
the Secretary of the Treasury; I had myself a
conversation with the Secretary of the Treasury
upon the very point which the gentleman has
touched, and I can say here freely that the
Secretary of the Treasury at that time offered
no objection of the kind to which the gentle-
man has alluded. He merely made the gen-
eral statement that there were very heavy drafts
upon the Treasury; but as this draft was a
legal one he was bound to recognize it.
Mr. LOGAN. I have not made any charge
against any one, except to state the fact of
there being opposition to the law. My object
is this: to so provide that there shall be no
excuse for a failure to perform their duty. I
charge nobody with a desire to prevent the
payment. But I have a reason to conclude
that there is no desire to furnish rooms or a
sufficient number of clerks unless we shall
make such provision that there shall be no
excuse on their part, and then let the respon-
sibility rest where it should properly rest. If
Congress performs its own duty and the duty
devolving upon others is not then performed
we are not to blame if the payment is not
made in accordance with the law and the just
dues of these soldiers.
i My proposition is this: not to restrict the
j Department to any number of clerks, but to
give them all the clerks the necessity of the
j case may require, even if it takes three hun-
dred or five hundred. It is a mistaken idea
[ that we cannot furnish two hundred clerks who
are adepts in business of this kind. I can fur-
nish them myself, if need be, before next week,
men who understand this business. The busi-
ness is like any other clerical work. I know
; something about the business. I was a clerk
t myself once, not in the Departments here, but
j elsewhere, years ago. This is a mere clerical
duty, and any clerk can perform it. I could
soon show any clerk how to make up these
rolls. There are men enough who are quali-
fied to do it.
My reason for putting in a provision that
soldiers and sailors shall be preferred is this:
I know that if soldiers and sailors are employed
as clerks they will feel more interest in per-
forming that duty for the benefit of their former
comrades who have been with them in arms
than will others who have not the same sym-
pathy with or feeling for them that they have
with and for each other.
We have heretofore passed a resolution that
soldiers and sailors should have the preference
for appointments in these Departments. Yet
to-day there are not, I assert to this House,
five soldiers in all the Departments of this
Government at Washington who hold eighteen
hundred dollar clerkships; not five of them.
Therefore I have put in that provision about
soldiers. The soldiers who are employed in
these Departments are all the time put at the
tail of the list. They hold only the thousand
dollar clerkships, while citizens are appointed
to the twelve, fourteen, sixteen, and eighteen
hundred dollar clerkships. Hence I propose
to put in a provision that these officers shall
employ soldiers and sailors. These are my
reasons for offering this substitute for this bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] provides in
his substitute that the Second Auditor shall
provide these clerks. Is it not usual to have the
clerks provided by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury?
Mr. LOGAN. I meant it to read " Second
Auditor" and not "Secretary of the Treas-
ury."
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Washburn] yield to allow me to
offer an amendment?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I will hear
it read.
Mr. LOGAN. I will modify my substitute,
at the suggestion of some members, so that it
will read "Secretary of the Treasury" and
not " Second Auditor."
The substitute was modified accordingly.
Mr. KERR. I desire to offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. There is an amendment
pending to the original bill. An amendment-
can be offered to the substitute.
Mr. KERR. I desire to offer an additional
section.
The SPEAKER. That can be offered to
the substitute.
Mr. KERR. I do not wish to add anything
to the substitute. I desire to add another sec-
tion to the original bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can move
to add a section to the last amendment to the
original bill offered by the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. KERR. I will do so if the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Washburn] will yield to
me for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I will hear
it read.
The proposed amendment was read, as fol-
lows :
And be it further enacted, That in cases where the
soldier entitled to the bounty died after the passage
of said act and before the payment of such bounty to
him the same shall be paid to his heirs in the order
named in said act.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Washburn] to yield to me for a
few moments.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I will do so.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say a
few words in reply to what the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] has said in support
of his amendment. His proposition has a fair
appearance on its face. The purpose of the
fentleman is to give the Secretary of the
'reasury or the Second Auditor an opportu-
nity to employ a large number of clerks and
push this work through. But I inform him
and I inform the House that if this amend-
ment be adopted the work will not be pushed
through. It may, indeed, happen that we
shall be able to shift the responsibility from
our own shoulders to the shoulders of the
Second Auditor or of the Secretary of the
Treasury; but that will be the only consolation
we shall have. The soldiers will not be aided
in obtaining their bounty. There are many
reasons which satisfy me of this. The gentle-
man himself would be satisfied upon the point
if he would read the testimony.
In the first place, as the gentleman has truly
said, the Secretary of the Treasury is opposed
to this whole system of paying bounties. He
has made no secret of that. He told us so
before we passed the law. He will therefore
naturally feel no enthusiasm in the prosecution
of this work, and the Second Auditor must
be burdened with all the apathy of the Secre-
