1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3773
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is one of the objec-
tionable features of the internal revenue sys-
tem that the officers have been permitted to
compromise suits ; and it has been charged—
I do not say whether truly or not—that officers
and persons who are vested with this discre-
tionary power have abused it very often in the
settlement of cases. I believe that we passed
some law on the subject, that suits should not
be compromised without the consent, perhaps,
of the judge of the court. I see the House of
Representatives provided in this section that
no compromise should take place without the
advice and consent of the solicitor of internal
revenue. I was not aware that we had such
an office as that, unless this bill creates it.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is such an office
provided for by law, but the President and the
Senate have never been able to agree upon a
proper person to hold it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There has never been
a nomination for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Probably there has never
been a nomination, as the Senator from Maine
reminds me. The duties of that office are now
performed by a clerk really. The bill' as it
came from the House, proposed to vest the
solicitor of internal revenue with the power
of controlling the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and we thought that wrong. We
have required by a clause of .the bill the opin-
ion of the solicitor of internal revenue to be
filed ; but the approval of settlement must be
by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is such an
officer, what is the objection to having the
safeguard of his opinion and the reasons for
it befoie the settlement is made?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will see
that that is provided for.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see you have stricken
out the words "whose opinion in the case,
wuh the reasons therefor, shall be given in
wiiting and delivered to the Commissioner."
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will find
that it goes on below. We do not limit the
power ot the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue to make a settlement, by the opinion of
the solicitor of internal revenue, but of the
Secretary of the Treasury ; but we require that
in every case where a compromise is made
there shall be placed on file in the office of the
Commissioner, the opinion of the solicitor of
internal revenue, together with a statement of
the amount of tax assessed, the amount of addi-
tional tax or penalty imposed by law, &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that this
is a very strange proceeding. You authorize
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to
make a compromise, with the assent of the
Secretary of the Treasury—just such a com-
promise as he pleases—and then you require
the solicitor of the Commissioner or of the
internal revenue department to put on file
his opinion in writing. His opinion may be
directly the reverse of that of the Commis-
sioner. For what object do you require this
solicitor to file an opinion after the case is
decided and when it is to have no influence in
the decision at all ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The question is whether
we shall make the opinion of the solicitor of
internal revenue a final bar to a settlement.
In the first place there is no such officer now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But you have provided
for the filing of the opinion of such an officer.
Mr. SHERMAN. If one is provided by
law, as there ought to be one appointed by the
President and confirmed by the Senate, then
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is
bound to take the opinion of the solicitor of
internal revenue, and that must be filed before
a compromise can be made ; but the opinion
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
and the opinion of the solicitor of internal
revenue must be submitted to the Secretary ot
the Treasury, who alone, under the checks
contained in this provision, has the power to
make a compromise. The Senator, il he will
look at the present law, will find that this is a
great restriction on the powers conferred by it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know that there has
been great complaint of the exercise of this
power under the present, law.
Mr. SHERMAN. This section is a very
great, and, as they think in the office, almost
an oppressive restriction upon their power to
control the matter of internal revenue. The last
clause of the section I think ought to be changed
somewhat, and I have a substitute for it, in
regard to the compromise of suits now peuding
in court. But at present the section as it now
stands is a very great restraint upon any com-
promise whatever. No compromise can be
made without the opinion of the solicitor of
internal revenue, which must be filed in the
case, and then the case thus made up, with the
opinion of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, is submitted to the "Secretary of the
Treasury, who must give his approval and must
make the final settlement. T hat is the proper
way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquire of the Sen-
ator from Ohio if he has before him the last
act that we passed oil this subject, I think
during the present Congress, restraining the
power of officers to make these compromises
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think any law
has been passed during this session. It was
proposed by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
MoKTGN,J.but it was not passed. I will read
the present law as it now stands:
"That the Commissioner of Intornal Revenue
shall be, and is Hereby, authorized and empoweied
to compromise, under such regulations as tile Secre-
tary ot the Treasury shall prescribe, any case aris-
ing under the internal revenue laws, whether pend-
ing in court or otherwise."
This is the broad power conferred upon the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and, as
the Senator says, great complaints have been
made. This section limits to a very great
degree, perhaps to a dangerous degree, the
power of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue to make compromises, and Certainly it
goes as far as we ought to go. There must be
some power in some one to compromise cases
pending in court, and cases as they arise.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know we once had
this subject up, and I thought we passed an
act; but probably it failed between the two
Houses. It seems to me that this section is
somewhat incongruous the way the committee
•have amended it. The section as it stands
authorizes the Commissioner of internal Rev-
enue, with the assent of the Secretary ot the
Treasury, to make a compromise; and then it
provides:
And in every case where a compromise is made
theie shall be placed on lile in the oilice ol the Com-
missioncr the opinion of the soUciior.
I do not see the object of that. The opinion
of the solicitor is to have no effect whatever
upon the decision. It is a requirement that
seems to me to be useless, unless you require
it to be given in advance. It seems to me that
the word ''where," in the tenth line, should
be stricken out and the word "before" inserted ;
so as to read:
And in every case before^ a compromise is made
there shall be placed on UIe in tne otlice of the Com-
missioner the opinion of the solicitor.
Certainly there is no object in placing the
opinion on tile after the compromise is made.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a mere point of
phraseology. The present words mean that,
if the Senator would prefer the word "before,"
I have no objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not mean that
as it now stands. He may lile the opinion
after the thing is all over, and I think there
can be no object in filing it unless it is to have
some influence.
Mr. SHERMAN. As that is merely a ques-
tion about words, I will not waste time upon
it. It now reads :
And in every case whore a compromise is made
there shall be placed on file, in the office ol the Com-
missioner, the opinion ot the solicitor, together with
a statement of the amount of tax assessed, &e.
The purpose of this is, that the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue shall never make
a compromise until after a full and fair investi-
gation.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. Perhaps you had better
substitute the word "before."
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 say I will not, stand
upon a point, of words. That is the object, to
see that the Commissioner has all the facts
before him, prepared by an officer who is sup-
posed to be a lawyer. The facts of the case
are to be submitted to the Commissioner of
internal Revenue, and then the Secretary upon
the particular case is to make the compromise.
Under the present law, the Secretary of the
Treasury has nothing to do but prescribe regu-
lations to control and govern the conduct of
the Commissioner of internal Revenue, with-
out any check.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will allow
me to say that if they are the same as they
were made under my direction when 1 was in
the Department, they prescribe that no settle-
ments shall be made without the approval of
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to see a
check from some other souree upon these com-
promises than the internal revenue officers.
They make up a case; they report it to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and it all goes through
one channel, and the Secretary will generally
approve what the officers recommend. Now,
it would be very desirable, if it is practicable,
to have a check from another source not con-
nected with these internal revenue officers.
For instance, if a suit is pending, let it be com-
promised only with the assent of the judge or
on the recommendation ot' the district attorney.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is provided for.
The Senator is talking about the section before
reading it through. It goes on and provides
that where a case is pending in court, the com-
promise shall have the assent ol the dibtrict
attorney, and in certain cases ol the judge.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is not pending in
court 1 would still have it by the assent of
the district attorney or somebody else, for as
it stands it virtually amounts to a compromise
by the collector and the assessor, and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury will know nothing about
it from any other source, if you require the
case to be laid before the district attorney and
get his opinion, you have the opinion of a local
officer who might know something in regard
to the transaction that would not come through
these officers. It is charged all over the coun-
try, whether truly or not I do not undertake to
say, that many of these revenue officers are
corrupt.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask my friend
whether it is any greater injt/5-y as a general
rule to adopt the opinion of the assessor and
collector than of the district attorney 'I
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, I do not say that
it is. The Senator from Maine will not un-
derstand me to say that it is, but this will give
the advantage of an additional check. It is
more difficult to corrupt the assessor and col-
lector and district attorney than to corrupt
either one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, _ some
little stability and adherence to one line of
policy or another has generally been supposed
to be a good thing in legislation. No longer
ago than the 31st of March we supposed, all of
us, at least that is the legal presumption, that
we had found a panacea for this evil of un-
regulated compromises. We passed a bill to
exempt certain manufactures from internal
tax, which also provided for regulating whisky,
and so on, and in that bill we passed a section
of this character:
"That no compromise or discontinuanc e or
prosequi of any prosecution under this act, shall be
allowed without the permission, in writing, ol tne
Secretary of the Treasury and the Attorney ueneral.
I was quite sure when the matter was broached
that we had at some stage ol this session
solemnly declared that the true cheeky upon
the theory that the Senator from Illinois has
named of having some extraneous person who
was not in the line of promotion, so to speak
Mr. SHERMAN. That provision is in the
cases of suits pending; and the latter part of
