3774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
this section provides a mode of proceeding in
such cases.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator isaltogether
mistaken, it does not provide for suits pend-
ing. It covers suits pending, it is true; but
let me inform my friend, as he does not need
to be informed if he will think a moment, that
a prosecution is not necessarily a suit pending
in court. Any seizure of property under pro-
cess of law (as every seizure must be, of course,
if it is legal) is a prosecution against that
property.
Mr. SHERMAN. That means a judicial
proceeding.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend says in his
seat, " that means a judicial proceeding.'' I
should like to know if the scope of this bill is
to seize men's property and dispose of it with-
out a judicial proceeding? My friend, if he
will look into the decisions under the customs
laws—and we have had just such laws for
seizures ever since the Government was organ-
ized—will find that the seizure by the collector
is the first step in a judicial proceeding; it is
the first step in a prosecution ; just as between
private persons the first step of notice of suit
or filing of a claim is a judicial procedure.
Therefore, the term '• prosecution" covers all
that. The provision 1 have read was not put
upon any such narrow grounds as the Senator
from Oiiio says. I he line of argument when
that bill was passed was that all proceedings,
that is to say, every prosecution against a par-
ticular piece of property that was seized under
the internal revenue laws covered by that act,
should not be compromised unless the chief
law officer of the Government should concur
with the chief seizing officer, as the Secretary
of the Tieasury is at the head of that, in the
compromise.
That 1 believe to be perfectly right, if you
are to have any compromise at all. The theory
is, and if. is a correct theory, that the Attorney
General is at the head of the law business of
the Government, lie ought to be the responsi-
ble head. He ought to be appealed to when
any of these large settlements are made upon
the recommendation of the district attorney,
or of anybody else, to be a check upon the set-
tlement of the prosecution against property,
whether you say "prosecution" means alter it,
has got into court or while in process of getting
into court; and that is why I am opposed to
having any solicitor ol the Bureau of Internal
Itevenue, for one. You are dividing up the
legal responsibility of defending and prose-
cuting the laws among a great number of sub-
ordinate officers without any single controlling
and i (.-sponsible head over them. If the Inter-
nal Ilevenue Bureau needs the advice ofalaw
officer, as undoubtedly it does, as every other
Depanment and branch of the service of the
Government does, let it get that advice from
the proper source ; that is to say, from the
office of the Attorney General.
It has been in that view that we have passed
in this body wiih great unanimity, and it has
passed the other House, I believe, without a
a division—no matter for that; it is not proper
to refer to that—and f believe it has become a
law in the late method of becoming laws; that
is, by not being signed and returned, providing
that all matters which bad heretofore been
pending in the Court of Claims in charge of
several solicitors and bureaus should be con-
solidated under the control of the Attorney
Gemral; and it was upon the wholesome and
pr'oper theoiy that the public service is better
administered by making some one chief law
ollicer responsible for all the law affairs that
the Government has.
Therefore I hope thatwhat, has been said by
the Senator from Illinois will be attended to,
and that this matter will be so adjusted as that,
if these compromises are to be made, they
shall be made upon the assent of the Attorney
General as the law part of the assenting power,
or of some ollicer of his department, and that
we shall not ever have a distinct, independent,
irresponsible (and by "irresponsible" I mean,
of course, uncontrollable) officer to be called
the solicitor of any bureau. I think that is an
abuse.
Mr. MOETON. The Senator from Vermont
says that stability ought to be a part of our
policy. That is true, sir, when you are sure
that your policy is right; but 1 think that the
experience of this country for the last three or
four years shows that this policy of compro-
mising has been the bane of our revenue system.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I agree to that.
Mr. MORTON. And hence I do not want
stability in that, direction. I say it has been
the bane of it; it has been the destruction of it,
so to speak; and yet we find most ample pro-
vision again mado in this bill for compromising
frauds in the collection of the revenue upon
whisky and tobacco. Why, sir, it is not a
matter of astonishment that our revenue
on whisky has fallen from $80,000,000 to
§13,000,000, when it ought to have been fifty
or sixty or perhaps a hundred million dollars
in the first place.
But the most remarkable thing about the
whole history of the whisky tax is the almost
total failure to enforce the criminal law.
Think of it: there have been thousands of
frauds; there have been hundreds, and per-
haps thousands of compromises; the offenses
against the law have been open and almost
undisguised ; and yet to-day there are not
twelve authenticated cases of conviction to im-
prisonment for these many thousand frauds.
While, perhaps, more than one hundred and
fifty million dollars of revenue has been stolen,
or the Government has been defrauded out of
it, less than twelve persons have been con-
victed to imprisonment throughout the United
States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And less than twenty
brought to trial, probably.
Mr. MORTON. And the Senator from
Vermont suggests, less than twenty have been
brought, to trial. Why, Mr. President, it is
incredible. The great failure is the failure to
enforce the laws. The great failure comes
right home to the courts, and perhaps to the
district attorneys more than to all other offi-
cers. While this great fact is staring the coun-
try in the face we propose, substantially, to con-
tinue the same system. Will we learn nothing?
Are we incapable of instruction by experience ?
That is what is substantially said again by this-
section. One hundred and fifty millions of
revenue has been stolen, or the Government
defrauded out, of it, and there have been thou-
sands of offenses committed, and yet less than
twelve persons have been convicted throughout
the whole United States. Sir, we need not
wonder that the whisky tax has failed. There
need be no surprise on that subject. The law
has not been enforced. How does it occur?
Indictments have been found by the hundred,
I might say by the thousand, in the different
States. What has become of them ? Sir, they
are frittered away one way and another; nol
pros, upon the advice of the district attorney,
perhaps with the consent of the court, taking
it for granted that the district attorney knows
about the character of the cases; compromises
have been made by the hundreds and the thou-
sands: and the general result is that detection
in a fraud upon the revenue carries with it no
other penalty than that of a compromise. It
carries with it no penalty of punishment. It
only carries with it the penalty of a compro-
mise, in which the offender escapes by paying
much less than the honest tax would be. Need
we wonder, then, that the whisky tax has failed?
We are now doing that which is humiliating
and mortifying to me—acknowledging the inca-
pacity of the law, and surrendering to the
whisky thieves by bringing down the tax from
two dollars to fifty cents—a confession that
because of the corruption of the judiciary and
the revenue systems of this country we are
incapable of collecting the tax.
Why, sir, when a man is detected in a fraud
upon the revenue the first thing he does is to
start for Washington city with his friends. If
he is a man of wealth or has any kind of respect-
ability he can get men to go with him, and
members of Congress sometimes, to the office
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, or
to the Secretary of the Treasury, and, if we
refer this matter to him, to the solicitor of
internal revenue, and represent that this man is
an honest, intelligent man, who did not intend
to do any wrong ; and the thing is fixed up in
someway. It has been done to such an enor-
mous extent that the revenue upon whisky is a
failure. Shall we repeat the same thing and
provide for these compromises? I dare say
that every dollar that this Government has
obtained in the way of compromise of these
whisky cases has cost the Government $200.
We have lost $200 where we have made one
dollar by a compromise. I would a great deal
rather not provide ior any compromise at all.
Mr. President, sometimes the greatest fact
will fail to inakeany impression upon the public
mind. Here is the great fact, and I must repeat
it, that there have been thousands of offenses
and many millions have been stolen, and these
offenses have become so public and notorious
that they are scarcely disguised, and yet less
than twelve convictions have taken place to
imprisonment in the United States.
Now, sir, what is the effect of this section ?
It provides:
He [the Commissioner of Internal Revenue] is
empowered and authorized to niuke such compro-
mise with the advice and consent of the solicitor of
internal revenue.
That is the bill as it comes from the House.
The Committee on Finance propose to strike
out the words ''solicitor of internal revenue"
and to insert " Secretary of the Treasury.1'
Then the bill as it comes from the House
reads:
Whose opinion in the case, with the reasons there-
for, shall be given in writing and delivered to the
Couimis&ioijer.
These wordsare putin brackets, to be stricken
out by the Committee on Finance of the Sen-
ate. Then it goes on to say :
And in every ca^e where a compromise is made
there snail be piaccd on tile m the office ot the Com-
missioner tlic opinion of the solicitor ox' internal
revenue.
You have stricken out the solicitor above.
He is not to be consulted; but the Secretary
of the Treasury is consulted ; but you provide
below for filing his opinion after the decision
has been made. The awkwardness comes from
having put the solicitor of internal revenue in
the bill, in the first place, as one to be con-
sulted, and then striking out his name and
putting in the Secretary of the Treasury, but
leaving it. below still for the opinion of the
solicitor of internal revenue to be put on file.
Now, Mr. President, this solicitor of internal
revenue will be very much of the same char-
acter with the district attorneys throughout the
United States. lie will, peiiiaps, be just as
impressible as it turns out by terrible experi-
ence that they have been, and when he comes
to give an opinion he will take the opinion that
is sent up to liirn by the district attorney.
He cannot examine all these eases originally
and go back to the original sources ot testi-
mony. lie will not have the time to do so.
He could not possibly do that: but he will
just take the opinion sent to him and excuse
himself by falling back upon the advice given
to him by the district attorney below. The
Commissioner of Internal ilevenue will do the
same tiling. I ask you, will he be moie wise
hereafter in compromising than he has been
heretofore? Ceitainly not. I am not imput-
ing anything against his integrity, nyr that of
the Secretary of ihe Treasury: bui, I ask. will
they be wiser hereafter than they have been
heretofore? Their power is just the same .is
before. You leave the matter with the district
attorney, just as you have done before, not oniy
for civil suits, but for criminal suits. When a
man compromises a civil suit the criminal ease
always goes along with it. lie never will com-
promise civilly if you will not compromise wiik
him criminally. The indictment must be nolle
prosequied or set aside, or he will never com-
promise with you civilly, and hence I find in
