1726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
had liad under consideration Mr. Harvey's
claim, were rather disposed to make an appro-
priation to pay him for the time he had been
there and for which no appropriation was made.
It struck me that if the House of Represents-
fives were willing to let the matter stand for the
coming year after July next, as it had stood
heretofore, it would be hardly worth while for
us to insist on striking out the appropriation
for the sake of following the matter up any
further in reference to Mr. Harvey himself. I
thought it was hardly advisable to do it in the
first place, but it has been done, and I have no
comments to make upon that. If now we
design to have a mission to Portugal, I should
think it was about time to resume our appro-
priations in the ordinary way.
Mr. SUMNER. If after this bill should be
proceeded with to-day it should lie on the
table until Monday, I could in the mean time
communicate with the Department of State
and ascertain the precise condition of this lega-
tion. If Mr. Harvey stands now at the De-
partment of State as titular minister of the
United States, it may be a question whether we
shall in this way in advance make an appro-
priation for his benefit. If he has been recalled
or has resigned so that there is in any way a
vacancy there, then of course there can be no
new minister without the consent of this body,
and under such circumstanccs I should be very
glad to see Portugal in the list.
Mr. MORRILL of Maine. It is due to the
committee that I should say one thing in re-
gard to the question before the Senate. The
committee exercised no judgment and did not
consider the propriety or impropriety of con-
tinuing this mission; but as there had been no
appropriation for it last year, the committee
took it for granted that it was the judgment of
Congress that no appropriation was to be made.
As there was no appropriation for it last year
there seemed to be no rule justifying the com-
mittee in proposing an appropriation for next
year ; and so, following the appropriation bill
of last year, we left it out as a matter of course.
We did not think that the action of the other
House authorized us to make the appropriation.
Mr. HOWE. I concurred in this amend-
ment, and perhaps exactly upon the ground
stated by the Senator from Maine, that for two
years past we have refused, upon the deliber-
ate consideration of the two Houses, to make
an appropriation for this mission, and that re-
fusal was based, as I understood it, upon the
fact that the existing minister was distasteful—
unsatisfactory to Congress. That judgment
was either right or wrong. I participated in
that action, 1 remember. I do not propose to go
into the grounds upon which my vote was then
based or to reopen that discussion. I thought
we were justified in withholding this appropri-
ation. I thought we could not be justified it'
we made an appropriation to sustain that mis-
sion with that minister. If I was wrong I ain
willing to hear the error exposed and I am
willing to recant it.
The House of Representatives did concur in
that action; indeed they initiated it. It seems
the House of Representatives have now agreed
to an appropriation. The grounds upon which
they have been induced to make this appro-
priation 1 do not understand. I do not un-
derstand that the minister is changed. If the
House of Representatives have seen reason to
repent their action of last year and the year
before, they ought, in justice to the Senate, to
let us know what has occasioned that repent-
ance. When I do wrong I am as anxious to
repent as anybody, and I am as willing to re-
pent as anybody, and when I do repent for
this act,, for my vote last year and the year
before, I shall be willing to bring forth fruits
meet'for repentance; I shall feel under obli-
gations not only to make an appropriation for
the future support of that mission, but I shall
be bound, in common honesty, to vote for ap-
propriations to pay for the service of that
minister for the last two years. But at pres-
ent I am not convinced of any wrong that I
have done. So I simply stand by the record
I made last year, and 1 hope the Senate will
stand by its record unless it can now be per-
suaded that it then did wrong, _ and in that
case I hope it will do ample justice both for
the future and the past.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I do not
know whether Mr. Harvey has been recalled
or is here upon leave. I have no knowledge
on the subject. But assuming that he is here
upon leave, and that he is still the minister, it
appears to mc to be exceedingly proper that
the ajjpropriation should be made. When the
subject was before us last year it was upon a
bill reported in the House of Representatives
and passed by that House, in which the appro-
priation for the mission to Portugal was stricken
out. The Senate inserted it, but after a while
the Senate had to recede. Wewereat that
period anxious to make the appropriation, and
were prevented only because the other House
had decided not to make it. Now the House
makes it and the Senate proposes to strike it
out. I do not know that anybody thinks we
should not have a minister to Portugal. Neither
the House of Representatives nor the Senate
has at any period supposed that that mission
should be abandoned. The only reason why
the appropriation was not made was because
fault was found with the incumbent of the
office. We did not find that fault in the first
instance ; it was stated to exist as a valid ob-
jection to the appropriation by the House of
Representatives, and we had to yield. Now
the House makes the appropriation, and, there-
fore, we are to suppose the House is of opin-
ion that the appropriation should be made;
and why should we depart from our former
judgment and differ with the House again
when they have come back to our original
ophiion ?
It appeared to me, with due deference to
Senators, in the first instance, to be rather a
small matter to strike out the appropriation for
the payment of services of this description
because of some personal objection to the min-
ister, that personal objection being founded
upon facts which he never intended should be
made public. There is no pretense that he
did not faithfully discharge his duties as min-
ister of the United States at the court to which
he was accredited: but he entertained some
opinions about political differences at home,
and he expressed those differences in a letter
to the Secretary of State, and very improperly,
as I think. I do not know whether the Secre-
tary of State or the President of the United
States, or both, be to blame—that letter is
made public. It was evidently upon its face
designed to be a private letter, and I do not
think the Senate should sanction, by acting
upon the contents of the letter, the evident
breach of confidence that the parties who
caused the letter to be published were guilty
of. Mr. Harvey is an intelligent, and in many
respects a very accomplished, man. As far as
I am advised, he has discharged the duties of
his mission with ability. He is very accept-
able, I understand, at the court to which we
have sent him. Ho has been there without pay
now for one or two years, and it is for us to
say whether, under the circumstances, it is not
the duty of the nation to provide the annual
salary.
But, as I imderstand it, this appropriation
is merely for the coming year. It does not
give him anything for the past year. I am by
no means sure—I do not wish to be considered
as expressing any decided opinion upon the
subject—that he would not be able to recover
as against the United States the compensation
due him for the past by a proceeding in the
Court of Claims. I rather think that the law
would imply a contract as between the United
States and a minister whom it has sent abroad
to pay him for his services ; and that implica-
tion would be made in the absence of an ex-
press contract, and would be as valid for the
purpose of maintaining a suit against the Uni-
ted States as would be a positive promise and
a refusal to comply with the promise. But let
that pass. It is for the Executive, if it thinks
proper, to recall the minister, and I do not
know, as I have said, that he has not. already
been recalled, or that he will not be recalled.
We shall adjournin the course of a few months,
I suppose, and then, unless this appropriation
be made, there will be no provision for the
mission. What is to be done? Is whoever
may be President at that time to appoint any
person without an appropriation ? and if he does
appoint will the minister accept? He may say,
1 should be in the same situation with Mr.
Harvey; I may serve my_ year out, and at the
end of that time, after incurring all the ex-
penses of the mission, the Government may
refuse to pay me."
It appears to me, Mr. President, with all
possible respect for those who entertain a dif-
ferent opinion, that in some measure the credit
of the Government requires that compensation
should be made.
Mr. SUMNER. I will make one remark
pointing to a practical solution of this question.
The House of Representatives have put this
provision in. If we should ilow follow them
it would be beyond change. I ask would it not
be better that we should differ from the House
on that, and refer the question ultimately to a
committee of conference ? If there is reason
for the action of the House of Representatives
that will be known to the committee of con-
ference, and the Senate, I believe, will then be
only too happy to assent. At the present mo-
ment, I confess, I am not sufficiently enlight-
ened on the subject. I am in the dark. 1 do
not know in what precise condition that mis-
sion is at this moment. I did not see this bill
till half an hour before it was called up. Had
I seen it in advance I should have taken
means to ascertain in regard to it. Under the
circumstances I think we had better disagree
with the House and let this question be referred,
with others that may occur, to a conference
committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was very much aston-
ished when the Senate at any time consented
to refuse all the proper appropriation to carry
out the existing laws. The laws of the United
States provide for a mission at Portugal, pro-
vide the salary of the minister, declare what it
shall be. ■ Pursuant to the Constitution and
the laws a gentleman is appointed to the place.
While he is holding the place and still in
office the Congress of the United States under-
takes to gratify a little passion—which, in my
judgment, is not very becoming to the body—
by refusing to pay him the salary which the
law says he shall have. I regard this case pre-
cisely as I do the provisions of a treaty that
require the payment of money. I suppose the
House of Representatives can refuse, under
the Constitution, to comply with the treaty;
can say that the money shall not be paid; but
in what position does it place the Government ?
Simply in the position of refusing to carry out
a treaty obligation. The legal obligation of
the Government is that a man holding an office
shall be paid the salary affixed to the office.
That is the contract; that is the fair bargain.
I would as lief receive a man's day's work, and
then, when he had done work for me, in the
evening, if he said something that was a little
offensive to me, say to him, "I have the power,
and I will not pay you for your day's work,"
I would as lief be caught in that position, per-
sonally, as to give a vote refusing to pay a man
a salary which the law said he should have
when he was appointed.
I wish to ask Senators whether it is consist-
ent with the policy and framework of our Gov-
ernment for Congress to undertake to remove
a man from office? The Constitution does not
give the power to Congress to remove apublic
officer. It is not a part of the system.
Mr. JOHNSON. Unless on impeachments.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Of course, if he is im-
peached, that is another thing. I am speaking
now of starving a man out of office. Can Con-
gress starve a man out when the Constitution
provides how he shall be appointed to office and
when Congress cannot remove him? For two
years we have refused to pay a public officer
