842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
tary of the Treasury and all his dislika to this
system. But more than that, the Second
Auditor himself has declared in his testimony
that he does not regard as necessary an in-
crease of the clerical force in his Department.
He does not believe that such an increase
would materially expedite this work. All of
his subordinates swear differently. They all
testify that there might be employed on this
particular work a hundred men. The Second
Auditor doubtless believed what he said,
having obtained that general impression from
what he had seen and heard ; but he of course
could not have any very precise knowledge of
the details of the case. These other men did;
and they swear that more men might advan-
tageously be employed. I would not object
to employing more than one hundred, I would
not object to employing five hundred, if thereby
the work could be hastened. In this respcct
I agree with the gentleman from Illinois. But
we must peremptorily require a certain num-
ber to be employed or we shall find that the
number of clerks will not be materially in-
creased. If we adopt the gentleman's amend-
ment we shall find at the end of this session
and at the end of the next vacation the same
result that we find now. We shall find that
the responsibility in the Treasury Department
being divided the work will not be carried
through. •
I have no objections to the phraseology of
the gentleman's proposition except that I regard
it as deficient in one particular. It should be
so worded as to compel the Secretary or Second
Auditor to employ a certain number of clerks,
not less than one hundred. If I were the Sec-
ond Auditor that is exactly what I should want.
I would ask Congress to make it compulsory
that a certain number of clerks should be ap-
pointed, so that neither the Secretary of the
Treasury nor the Second Auditor could prevent
it. and that the work might certainly be accom-
plished. Do what the gentleman from Illinois
pi opo.ses, and then whether or not these boun-
d's shall be paid will depend upon the discre-
iiirii of the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Second Auditor; and although it may be com-
fortable for us to shift the burden of responsi-
bility from our own shoulders to theirs, it will
be no consolation to the soldiers that we have
been able to do this. Nay, it will be better for
us to be able to show the soldiers that we have
put this thing in such a shape that neither the
Secretary of the Treasury nor the Second Aud-
itor can evade the performance of this duty.
That is just what is proposed by this bill of the
committee as amended. If we adopt this meas-
ure the payments will be made within a reason-
able time. If we increase the number of clerks
to two or three hundred we go beyond the num-
ber that can be advantageously employed upon
the pay- rolls. I hope, therefore, that the Hou se
will not adopt the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois, but will pass the bill as reported
by the committee with the amendments which
I have submitted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I now de-
mand the previous question. When this has
been seconded I shall be willing that the bill
may go over till to-morrow morning, when I
will give the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lo-
gax] further time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana will be entitled to one hour after the
previous question has been seconded.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to make my sugges-
tion before the previous question is called. I
have no other desire about this bill except it
shall be so drawn as to provide for the speedy
payment of these men, and am willing to mod-
ify my substitute so as to increase the number
of clerks as has been suggested. I think my
proposed additions are just and proper. I do
not wish to defeat but to perfect the bill. I
want the work done with as much dispatch and
as speedily as possibly. I am willing to ac-
cept the suggestion that the Secretary shall be
permitted to employ as many clerks as are
necessary, not less than sixty-seven in addition
to the present ones.
Mr. SCHENCK. Allow me to suggest to
! the gentleman from Indiana, if he calls the
1 previous question this evening and it is sus-
tained we will have to vote on the amendments
as they now are, whereas if the subject goes
over till to-morrow without demanding the
previous question we can, after seeing the
amendments in the Globe, suggest the neces-
sary modifications.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I will yield
to a motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. It will come up the first
business after the morning hour.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon,
(at three o'clock and forty-five minutes p. in.,)
the House adjourned.
PETITION'S, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of colored
people of Pasquotank county, North Carolina,
praying for the passage by Congress of Hon.
Mr. Julian's homestead bill.
Also, the petition of the board of registra-
tion of the fortieth senatorial district of Geor-
gia, and also citizens of Rabun county, Geor-
gia, praying for the removal of disabilities in
the case of William E. Philyaw.
Also, the petition of Lardner Gibbon, of
Greenville, South Carolina, praying for the
removal of disabilities in his case.
Also, the petition of John E. George, of
Danville, Montgomery county, Texas, pray-
ing for a mail route from Danville to Hunts-
ville, Walker county, Texas.
Also, the petition of Patrick Collins, an
Indiana soldier, praying for the passage by
Congress of a special act granting him a pen-
sion.
Also, the petition of Union men of Polk
county, North Carolina, praying for the remo-
val from office of all disloyal men.
Also, the resolutions of a mass meeting held
in Lawrence, Massachusetts, relative to the
rights of American citizens on British soil.
Also, resolutions and memorial of the na-
tional convention of manufacturers, held at
Cleveland, Ohio, upon the subject of taxation
and finance.
Also, a memorial of a meeting of fruit dis-
tillers of Russell county, Kentucky, praying'
for a change in the amount and mode of col-
lecting the tax on distilled spirits.
Also, the proceedings of a conservative mass
meeting of the citizens of Dougherty county,
Georgia, upon the state of the country.
Also, the petition of David Van Nostrand,
of South Bend, Indiana, praying for a pension.
By Mr. ALLISON : The petition of William
Larrabee, and 100 others, citizens of Iowa, ask-
ing Congress to provide suitable legislation for
the protection of naturalized citizens of the Uni-
ted States.
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada: A memorial
of the Legislature of Nevada in relation to the
Sutro tunnel.
Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature
of Nevada recommending a post route in said
State. •
By Mr. BALDWIN: The petition of Edwin
Battles and others, citizens of Milford, .Mas-
sachusetts, for legislation to explain and en-
force the rights of American citizenship with
reference to foreign countries, and especially
in the case of naturalized citizens.
By Mr. BOCJTWELL: The petition of Sarah
Whiting, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Catharine 0'Conner,
for a pension.
Also, the petition of Margaret Carney, for a
pension.
Also, the petition of Robert B. Caverly
and others, in aid of the petition of Margaret
Carney. j
Also, the petition of Robert B. Caverly and
others, asking for an amendment of the pen- t
sion laws. '
Also, the petition of James S. Joslin and
211 others, citizens of Hudson, Massachusetts,
asking Congress to legislate in reference to the
rights of naturalized citizens.
By Mr. CAHY: The petition from the officers
and men of the ninth regiment of Ohio militia,
asking for the passage of a law giving them
compensation for services rendered in Sep-
tember and October, 1802.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of George
F. Dulmage, of Portsmouth, Michigan, late a
private of the fourth Michigan cavalry, pray-
ing for payment of the reward offered for the
capture of Jefferson Davis.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Charles S.
Randall and others, of Massachusetts, praying
for American register for bark Live Oak.
Also, the petition of Nathaniel T. Gifford,
of Massachusetts, praying for American regis-
ter for bark Albion.
By Mr. GARFIELD : The petition of Army
officers, for an increase of the per diem allow-
ance to officers serving on courts-martial.
Also, a memorial of Norman Wiard, asking
reimbursement of expenses incurred in deliver-
ing certain steamers to the Government.
By Mr. HUNTER: A memorial and resolu-
tion from sundry citizens of Bloomington,
Indiana, on the subject of the rights of natural-
ized citizens when in foreign countries.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: The petition of
Charles KFomann and others, praying for the
incorporation of the Washington Target-Shoot-
ing Association in the city of Washington,
District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of Mrs. A. B. Eaton, Mrs.
E. G. Beckwith, and Mrs. M. H. Doolittle,
praying for the establishment of a police court
in the city of Washington, District of Colum-
bia.
By Mr. JUDD: The proceedings of the meet-
ing of naturalized citizens held at Chicago the
18th December, 1807, m relation to the protec-
tion of their rights.
By Mr. KERR: The petition of A. Scott,
Dr. Rodman, and others, of Jackson county,
Indiana, for additional mail routes.
By Mr. KOONTZ: The petition of James
Whitely, formerly orderly sergeant of company
G sixth regiment Connecticut volunteers, to
be mustered into the service as second lieuten-
ant of said company from the 13th of Febru-
ary, 1865, and to be allowed pay as second
lieutenant from the 13th of February, 1862, to
the 23d March, 18G5, with the three months
pay proper due commissioned officers who were
in service on the 3d March and 9th April, 1805.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of Water-
man & Beaver, Grove Brothers, National Iron
Company, and Hancock, Creveling & Co., of
Danville, Montour county, Pennsylvania, who
employ two thousand men and have a capital
of y3,325,000 invested in the manufacturing
of iron, asking for an increased duty on iron
and steel.
By Mr. MILLER: The petition for a mail
route from Mount Carmel, in Northumberland
county, Pennsylvania, to Danville, in said
State, via Krichbaum's Mills, Elysburg, and
Union Corner.
By Mr. RAUM: The petition of Hon. John
Olney and 1,000 others, for the establishment
and construction of a marine hospital at Cairo,
Illinois.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of John
Ludlow and others, of Springfield, Ohio, pray-
ing that no radical change may be made in the
national banking system.
Also, the petition of Messrs. Barney &
Smith and 150 others, citizens of Dayton,
Ohio, praying that the national banks may not
be abrogated or abolished, and only such
changes made in the banking law as shall
strengthen and perfect the present system of
banking.
Also, the petition of Daniel W. Norton and
204 others, citizens of Hartford county, Con-
necticut, praying thafe the present national
banking system shall neither be repealed nor
materially changed.
Also, the petition and testimony of John R.
