1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing resolution, and upon it I call the previous
question :
Resolved, That the clerks of the standing com-
mittees of the House of Representatives, receiving
per diem compensation, shall be paid daring the ses-
sions of the fortieth Congress the same amount per
diem that is now paid to the clerks of the standing
committeesof the Senate who are receiving per diem
compensation.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would like to have the
gentleman who offered this resolution explain
the effect of it?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, It places the com-
pensation of the clerks of the standing com-
mittees of the House of Representatives upon
an equal footing with the clerks of correspond-
ing committees of the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does it increase or diminish
their compensation ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I do not under-
stand the remark of the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman inquires
if this resolution diminishes the compensation
of the clerks ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I think it does not.
Mr. HOLMAN. How much is the increase?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I am not able to
say exactly ; but a small amount, however. It
proposes to put the House clerks upon an
equal footing with the Senate clerks.
Mr. RAUAI. As the resolution does not
appear to fix the compensation of the clerks,
and we cannot vote intelligently upon it, I
move to lay it upon the table.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 04, noes 22 j no quorum
voting.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ashley, of
Ohio, and Mr. Holman were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were ayes sixty-six, noes
not counted.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
enrolled bill and joint resolution.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill and joint reso-
lution of the following titles; and the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 780) declaring St. George,
Boothbay, Bucksport, Vinalhaveu, and North
Haven, in the State of Maine, and San Anto-
nio, Texas, ports of delivery 5 and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 279) in relation
to the breakwater at Portland, Maine.
room "a" united states capitol.
Mr. MORGAN. I send to the Clerk to be
read a preamble and resolution which I sub-
mit, and upon them I call the previous question.
The Clerk read the preamble and resolution,
as follows:
"Whereas room "A*' in the Capitol has for a con-
flidciable time past been in the possession of Miss
Yinnie Ream, and occupied by her as a studio by
the consent ot the House, and she has for more than
a year been engaged in modeling her statue of Mr.
Lincoln, under an order made for that purpose by
Congress; and whereas said statue is now in such
condition that it cannot be removed at this time
without the destruction thereof, as appears by the
following copy of a letter addressed by her to the
Scrgeant-at-Arms:
Studio, United States Capitol.
May 29, 1868.
N. G. Ordway,
Her geant-at-Arms House of Representatives:
Dear Sir: I am in receipt of your note-
Mr. COBB. I rise to a point of order. The
Clerk seems to be reading a communication.
I object to it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman who sub-
mitted the preamble and resolution now being
read has a right to incorporate anything ger-
mane to the resolution. This appears to be
germane to the resolution.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing, as follows :
Dear Sir: I am in roccipt of your note of the
28th instant, transmitting copy of House resolution
directing you to take possession of a room now occu-
pied by me as a studio. I would very cheerfully
vacate the room at once, in obedience to the command
of tho House, wero it possible to do so; but it would
simply be to destroy the statue of Mr. Lincoln, and
that I cannot think the gentlemen of the House
desire after having watched its progress with great
interest and seemed pleased with the results of my
work. I have been, since my occupancy of the room,
and am now, engaged upon this statue of Mr. Lin-
coln; the order for which they kindly intrusted to
me. It would be impossible to move it without
destroying the labor of the past year, and subjecting
me to very great expense and delay in thecompletion
of the work.
When the order for this work was given me a
room was also given me in which to mold this statue.
No conditions or limitations were attached, and I
naturally supposed that I would be permitted to
occupy it until the work was completed. I submit to
you and to the gentlemen of the House whether this
treatment is fair and just, or at all consistent with
that kindness and generosity which have heretofore
been uniformly extended to me by the members of
both Houses of Congress.
Respectfully, YINNIE REAM.
Therefore,
Resolved, That the execution of the resolution,
passed by the House on the 28th instant in regard to
setting apart rooms A and B, in the Capitol, as guard
rooms for the use of the Capitol police, be suspended
as far as it refers to room A, until hereafter otherwise
ordered by the House, and that in the ineantimesaid
roombeleft in possession of Miss Ream.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker——
The SPEAKER. To what question does the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] rise?
Mr. COBB. I move that the resolution be
laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is on the floor at present.
Mr. MORGAN. Will it be in order for me
to submit a few remarks explanatory of the
resolution ?
The SPEAKER. If the resolution gives
rise to debate, it must go over under the rules.
Mr. MORGAN. Then I move the previous
question.
Mr. COBB. I move that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. MORGAN. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. "Will the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Cobb] withdraw his mo-
tion for a moment that I may ask a question?
Mr. COBB. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. A call for the previous
question is pending j also a motion to lay on
the table ; both propositions being undebatable.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the
motion of Mr. Cobb to lay the resolution on
the table.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 01, nays 47, not voting
81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
Baldwin, Bcaman, Beatty, Bromwell, Buckland,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Cornell, Covode, Dixon, Eekley, Eggleston, Kla, Fer-
riss. Fields, Halsey, Harding, Higby, Hill, Hopkins,
Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter, Judd, Julian, Keliey,
Kitchen, Koontz, George Y. Lawrence, Maynard,
McCarthy, McClurg, Miller, Moore, Mullins, Orth,
Paine, Perham, Pike, Pile, Polsley, Pomeroy, Saw-
yer, Schenck, Seofteld, Smith, Starkweather, Aaron
F. Stevens, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge,
Upson, Burt Van Horn, Welker, William Williams,
and John T. Wilson—(51.
NAYS "Messrs. Am ell, Barnes, Beck, Blair, Boyer,
Brooks, Burr. Chuichill, Farn^-worth, Getz, Gloss-
bienner, Golladay, Gravely, Griswokl, Grover, Hol-
man, Ilotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Johnson, Jones,
Iverr, Knott, Lafim, Marshall, MeCorinick, McCni-
lough, Mercur, Moorhead, Morgan, Newcomb, JSib-
iaok, Nunn, Phelps. Plants, Kobeitson, Sitgreaves,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stone, John Trimble,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, "Van
Trump, Henry D.Washburn, William B. Washburn,
and Woodward—47.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey,Baker, Banks, Bar-
num, Benjamin,Benton, Bingham,Blaine, Boutwell,
Broomalh-Butler, Cake, Cary, Oh Cook, Ouliom,
Dawes, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs. Eldridge, Eliot,
Ferry, Finney, Fox, Garfield. Haight, Hawkins,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. llubhard,
Iiulburd, Humphrey, lvelsey, Ketcham, William
Lawrence. Lincoln. Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch,
Mallory, Marvin, Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen, My-
ers, Nicholson, O'Neill, Peters, Poland, Price, Pruyn,
Randall.Raum, Robinson, Ross, Selye, Shanks, Shel-
labarger, Spalding, Tabcr, Tafio, Twichcll, Van Aer-
nam, Van Auken, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Thomas Williams,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,
Wood, and Woodbridge—81.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
key of the bastile.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I submit the follow-
ing resolution:
Whereas by a former order of this House certain
rooms in tho basement of tho Capitol are now being
fitted up as a prison-house or bastile fortheincareer-
ationot ire© born butdeluded American citizens, who
yet have the unparalleled audacity to dare to claim
1he absolute privileges of constitutional guarantees
and laws; and whereas also, it is essentially import-
ant that said legislative prison-house should be strong
and well secured m oider to prevent the escape of
such contumacious and dangerous state prisoners;
and whereas also, it is the duty of the public lawgiv-
ers to preserve the consistency and symmetry of
history, and to adopt kindred means to sustain the
public order and insure the public weal, in accord-
ance with the precedents and practices of former and
coincident periods in the history of popular liberty:
Therefore,
Be it hereby resolved by the Mouse of Representatives of
the United States of America, That the Committer on
Military Affairs be instructed to enter into negotia-
tions with the Ladies' Mount Vernon Association ior
the purchase of a well-known historical key, now in
the possession of said association at Mount Vernon,
and formerly used in turning the bolts of the French
bastile in Paris during the mild and humanitarian
administration of French affairs in 1793, and that tho
same, if so purchased, shall be used in thesaid "new
Capitol prison," now being fitted up as aforesaid.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object
to the reception of this resolution.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Pome-
Ror.) Objection being made to the reception
of the resolution, the question is, Shall the
resolution be received?
The question was decided in the negative.
remailing newspapers free.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution j which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be, and are hereby, instructed to inquire
into the expediency of so amending the postal Jaws
as to allow newspapers, upon which the regular rate
of postage has been paid, to be remailed within tho
period of twenty daysfiom the date of publication
without further charge, similar to the mode adopted
in England; and to report by bill or otherwise.
imprisonment op citizens in georgia.
Mr. BECK. I submit the following pre-
amble and resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas it is asserted by William D. Chipley and
others, citizens and residents of Columbus, Georgia,
that they have been arrested and imprisoned without
causc by order of General Gcorgo G. Meade, com-
manding the third military district, and that the
cause of their arrest and imprisonment has been
withheld and refused, as shown by tho following
letter:
Office or Blount & Chipley,
Cotton Factors,
Grocers, and Commission Merchants,
Columbus, Gruruia, May 18,1863.
Dear Sin: X may be presuming in troubling you
with the facts which I will herein relate, and if so
can only offer our utter want of representation as
my apology. And yet it may be that you will think
that such outrages concerns every citizen of the
country, whether he lives North or South. As long
as such acts can be committed with impunity no
man can feel safe. It will not do for one to expect
his character to protect him from such attacks, for
virtue is the favorite target of such marksmen. On
the yth day of March ten white citizens of this place,
and threccolored, wero arrested by order ot oneCap-
tain Mills, commanding this po^t, and placed in con-
finement at the court-house, wheie they wero de-
tained under guard until dusk on the evening of the
13th ultimo. At the expiration of that time we wero
released under bond, the amount and conditions of
which are iully stated in the printed slips which I
inclose. From these clippings you will iind that I
was numbered among the prisoners. W ere I wj itmg
to a stranger it might be prudent and pioper to oiler
some testimonial of character, but you have known
me from mv earliest youth, and on that fact I rest
my case. My companions m this arrest, as tar as my
personal knowledge goes, are as tar above the sus-
picion of any implication in crime as any citizen in
this or iiny other community. What I want is to
arrive at the cause of my arrest. During the arrest,
nor upon our release under bond, could we obtain any
information concerning tho evidence which led to
our incarceration. It was entirely ex parte, and iro
clue to Us character or the names of our accusers has
been gi\en us. if you collider it proper I would
like for you to offer a resolution calling for the facts
in the case.
Regretting the circumstances which force me to
trouble you in this matter, I remain, sir, yours very
truly, W. D. CHIPLEY.
In stating that we were arrested by order of Cap-
tain Mills, commanding post. I should have added
his statement, that he was acting under orders Irom
his superiors. W.D. C.
Hon. James B. Beck, Washington.
Therefore, „ , ,, .
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, instructed to report forthwith to the House
upon what chargreor charges, and by what authorit3' 
General George G. Meade, commander of the third
military district, embracing the States 01 Georgia,
Alabama, and Florida, arrested and imprisoned
William R. Bedell, Chistopher C. Bedell, James W.
