1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1727
because he wrote a private letter that was
offensive in its opinionstoaportion of Congress,
to gratify a little revenge, to try to embarrass
him in his financial matters so that he cannot
pay his debts, to starve him out. Party pas-
sion may make men like that, but it is not a
thing they will desire to look back to afterward.
We have not the right under the Constitution
to say that he shall leave the office. Indirectly
we propose to do that, force him to abandon
it, by not paying him what the law says he shall
have.
The point made by the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Morrill,] instead of being made in its
support, I think ought to have called for an
amendment to this bill to pay Mr. Harvey the
two years' salary. Congress has had the pleas-
ure of tliis little spite and the gratification "of a
grudge. It has enjoyed that passion for a
couple of years. It had better now do what
the contract is, pay the man his salary. That,
in my judgment, is decent. I may not be able
to appreciate it aright; but that, in my opin-
ion, is what we ought to do without a word. I
do not care whether Mr. Harvey goes back or
stays at home; I take no interest in him per-
sonally except as a gentleman. He is of no
political consequence in the world, so far as I
know. I never heard that he was. He was a
correspondent of a newspaper and a very re-
spectable writer.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sena-
tor allow me to ask him how that question
arises about the payment of salary which tlie
officer has earned? This appropriation is for
the year ending June 30, 18C9; and how does
this question relate to Mr. Harvey, the minister
to whom the Senator refers ? His services are
all in the past, if he is here and not in Portugal.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was answering the
suggestion made by the chairman of the com-
mittee, which was that the committee did not
feel authorized to consent to the appropriation
the House of Representatives proposed because
alike appropriation had been withheld last year
and the year before.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Because it had
been denied, not because it had been omitted;
and therefore the denial had the force of law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But the Senate did
not want that; it was the House that insisted
upon it. The Senate wanted to make the ap-
propriation ; and, therefore, on behalf of the
Senate, I do not think the committee was
authorized to make the point.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is no law
authorizing an appropriation of tliis kind be-
yond the appropriation itself. When this ap-
propriation bill came before us the question
of course arose, what is the authority for it by
the act of Congress ?
-Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask this ques-
tion : does not the law provide for a mission
to Portugal, and does it not fix the salary of
the minister ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The law pro-
vides that the President may appoint to these
places, and this is one of them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does it not fix his
salary at $7,500 a year?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it does.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, if the committee
wanted authority, it is found in existing laws ;
not only authority, but, in my judgment, im-
perative duty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The question
which the Senator from Massachusetts raises
is, that it does not appear that there is any
minister to Portugal at the present time, and
if this matter goes to a committee of confer-
ence he suggests that the thing may be ascer-
tained, and" then the argument of the Senator
from Indiana would have force.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is not an import-
ant inquiry at all, whether there is a minister
there just now, inasmuch as the Senator has
already suggested that this is to provide a sal-
ary from the 1st day of July next, and we have
a right to presume that the offices of the country
will be filled. We are not 1x> legislate upon
the presumption that they will be left vacant.
It is the duty of the committee to provide the
appropriations according to existing laws. The
law requires that this appropriation shall be
made. I do hope, sir, that, for the honor of
the country, we shall not continue this strife—
which I think is not worthy of Congress—a
strife with one man because of a letter written
by him, and that a private letter.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, listening to
my friend over the way from Indiana 1 felt
myself disposed to say to him "let the dead
past bury its dead."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will suggest to the
Senator that when a man owes a debt con-
tracted in the past you cannot well say that; he
had better pay it.
Mr. SUMNER. There is the point. There
is no debt contracted in the past. That I will
speak to. The Senator has revived a question
of the past which I think were better left among
the dead of the past; and that is the conduct
of this minister to Portugal. It was discussed
again and again in this Chamber. Why revive
it now ? It is not important enough to endure
a third discussion. When it was here before
I believe the principle, after ample debate,
was determined that it was in the power of
Congress in the exercise, if I may so say, of
primitive constitutional rights to stop the sup-
plies. Congress has no control over the Execu-
tive directly. How, then, when it is dissatisfied
with a foreign minister, can it bring about his
recall? The answer is clearly, and it is a
constitutional answer, which my friend, I
think, must respect, "stop the supplies;" in
other words, refuse to appropriate the salary.
The Senator may call it starving him out.
That is a familiar expression of a great consti-
tutional principle. Let the Senator read the
books and he will find that the principle is
beyond question.
I know the Senator will not impale himself
upon the denial of any such principle as that.
It cannot be denied; it cannot be called in
question. Congress is completely in the exer-
cise of its rights when it undertakes to say with
regard to any foreign minister with whoso
conduct it is dissatisfied, that it will not ap-
propriate liis salary. On a former occasion I
discussed this at some length ; I cited authori-
ties; I brought forward precedent after pre-
cedent ; and the best names and the highest
names in the discussion of constitutional prin-
ciples ; and there was no reply to them ; there
could be no reply to them, for tire principle is
beyond question; and I have no doubt that the
time may yet come when my honorable friend
from Indiana will be very glad to invoke that
very principle.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Of starving an officer?
Never, I think, to starve a man out of office.
Mr. SUMNER. Never, bethinks; and he
gives to this principle the familiar interpreta-
tion, he will not starve a man out of office!
He would, if the occasion were adequate, re-
fuse the necessary appropriation. That was
all that was done on the former occasion, and
I only refer to it now just to put it aside. I
am indisposed to go into that question again ;
we have had enough of it. Now, the simple,
practical question is, whether we shall in any
way retreat from tlio position with regard to
this appointment originally taken. Some go so
far even as to say "let us pay all the intermediate
salary." That would be a 'confession on our
part that we were in the wrong. I am not
disposed to make any such confession, for I do
not think wo were in the wrong. I think that,
after the first vote of Congress, Mr. Harvey
ought to have returned. Every day that he
stayed there after that vote he was in contu-
macy; he was contumacious toward Congress.
He had ample notice. The Secretary of State
communicated to him officially a copy of the
act of Congress. He knew it, also, from the
statute-book; also from the public papers.
Every day that he stayed after that he was in
contumacy. He ought to have come home.
Instead of that he undertook to wage his battle
with Congress. He had at his back, we all
know, the Secretary of State. I consider that
the Secretary of State himself was in contu-
macy also, and there can be no question that
the minister was in contumacy; and now shall
we undertake, confessing ourselves in the
wrong, to make up to liim a salary for the two
years of his contumacy ?
Mr. JOHNSON. That is not in this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I know it is not in this bill;
but it has been suggested by Senators; and if
you make an appropriation for this mission
now, if he continues to hold it, you will, to a
certain extent, retreat from the position you
originally occupied. Therefore, under the cir-
cumstances, it seems to me, until we are in-
formed with regard to the actual condition of
this mission, we had better strike the name of
Portugal out of the list and leave the whole
question to be settled in a conference commit-
tee between the two Houses.
Mr. CONKLING._ Mr. President, I think
the Senator from Indiana i3 entirely logical in
what he says. All men are liable to be logical,
and the Senator is logical, I think, when he says
that if Portugal is to be included in the bill
before us justice and consistency would demand
that Mr. Harvey should receive his salary for
the time that has gone. Mr. Harvey was min-
ister in the regular way to Portugal. And just
here I am very glad to concur with what I think
the Senator from Maryland said as to Mr. Har-
vey and his accomplishments. I knew him very
well. I felt very friendly to him. I have always
felt friendly to him, personally, and I do now.
After his back was turned he became the subject
of what seemed to me a very gross and a very
unjust aspersion, and the belief, on my part,
that he did suffer from that injustice added to the
feeling of friendship which 1 had for him before.
A time came, however, when Mr. Harvey went
far out of his way, so it seemed to me, to do an
act which did not belong to him at all. and
which brought him within the criticism, and
subjected him to the action, of Congress ; and
under an undoubted right the two Houses saw
fit to say, in the only way in which they could
say, that Mr. Harvey should return.
They did it, the Senator from Indiana says,
"by starving him out." I think not. They
did it by saying that, at that time, to that par-
ticular minister, at that particular court, they
would make no appropriation or application of
the public moneys. The right I take to have
been unquestioned and the exercise of it decor-
ous in form and substance. As the Senator
from Massachusetts says, despite that act, Mr.
Harvey continued for a long time to remain at
Lisbon. He returns without having been re-
called, without having relinquished his place,
and is still, by title and by tenure, the minister
to that court. And now the proposition in the
House bill applicable to next year is, in sub-
stance, to give to Mr. Harvey, as minister to
Portugal, his salary. What does that imply?
Most manifestly, it seems to me, as the Senator
from Indiana says, in effect that he remains up
to this time entitled to his pay. If he ought to
receive it for the future clearly it seems to me
he should receive it for the past, during most of
which time he was, in fact, in Portugal acting as
minister. After all, no matter how you state it,
the question comes, first, whether we ought to
reverse the action of the two Houses heretofore
taken on this subject; ami second, whether we
ought now, speaking for the future, to say that
Mr. Harvey should go back.
I know 1 may be answered non constat that
Mr. Harvey will go back ; somebody else may
be appointed ; and, as sonic one has suggested
in conversation, if you strike out this appro-
priation you will have no appropriation stand-
ing for the time when some other man is to be
appointed minister. No matter for that, sir.
Whenever any other man is appointed minis-
ter to Portugal the two Houses of Congress
"will maintain their position, will assert what
they commenced by asserting, when they in-
clude in another appropriation bill or ui a
deficiency bill an item to pay the salary. There
is no difficulty about that.
Then, I repeat, the question is presented,
bold and unequivocal, whether there is any
