1868.'
APPENDIX TO TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22*
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment —Mr. Hotchhiss.
Ho. of Reps.
law conferring il lie recognizes and seeks to
avail himself of for the accomplishment of liis
foul purposes, while that denying it he de-
nounces as not within the pale of the Constitu-
tion, and arrogates to himself the right to act in
the capacity both of judicial and executive offi-
cer. lie flaunts his insolent denunciations into
the face of the Congress, and bids them and
the people an insulting and menacing defiance.
No mail was over found who dared, even under
the operation of the law of 1789, to assume the
right to do what Andrew Johnson here stands
charged with doing, and whose only plea to
the charge is ''guilty1''—that of the wanton
and unjustifiable removal of a meritorious and
efficient officer from a high position in the
Government while the Senate is in actual ses-
sion. The Constitution provides that—
"Tho President shall have power to fill up all va-
cancies that may happen during the recess of the
Senate by giaiitmg commissions, whiuli shall expire
at the end of their next session."
But where, sir, does he find the power to
cause a vacancy to happen by his most royal
order, his most princely order, that he may till
it with an ad interim, appointment duriug the
session of the Senate ? It is not found in the
written words of the Constitution, nor does it
corneas necessary inference from the language
used; but, sir, it is in direct opposition and
bold defiance of the plain letter and spirit of the
written law. The Constitution gives him power
to fill vacancies that may happen during the
recess of the Senate, but it gives him no more
power to create a vacancy as he has done here
than it gave to John Wilkes Booth the right by
the use of the assassin's pistol to create the
vacancy in the presidential office which An-
drew Johnson fills to-day but to disgrace. If
he may exercise such a power in this case he
has only to remove every civil officer who will
not consent to be a fawning slave to his will,
obedient to his nod, ready and willing to be a
tool in his hands to perpetuate his power and
destioy the Republic, and appoint others, ad
interim, whom he can control and retain them
-in power, independent of the Senate, by send-
ing to them for confirmation such men as that
body could not and would not indorse and con-
firm, thus enabling him to hold within his sin-
gle grasp the whole power of appointment, as
well as removal, in spite of the Constitution
and in defiance of the Senate. Like any ty-
lanl, lie commends the act that confers power
upon him ; but upon those who dare assert
tlie right to take that power away he would
visit speedy and sure destruction. He essays to
place himself upon the Constitution as he in-
terprets it, and defy the law. He assumes
that a power once vested by law eomes to
have the dignity of a constitution and cannot
lie changed—a position which needs only to bo
stated to be denied. Having never possessed
any power to remove from office other than
that conferred by legislation how does he
stand in the light of the last legislation upon
that subject? Let us see. On the 2d day of
March, 1807, the Congress passed by a two-
third vote of both Houses, and after the same
had been vetoed by the President, a bill of
which the following is a part. Section one
provides—
"That every person holding any civil office to
winch he lias been appointed Ly and with {lie advice
ami of the [ienate, and every person who
shall hereafter he appointed to any such office and
shall become duly qualified to act therein, is, and
shall bo, entitled to hold such office until a successor
.-[Kill have been in liko manner duly appointed and
qualified, except as herein otherwise provided: l'ro-
vi'ierf, That the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury,
of \Var, of the Navy, and of the Interior, and the
PosfimisforGeneral andAttorney General shall hold
their offices respectively for and during the term of
the President by whom they may have been ap-
pointed, and for one month thereafter, subject to
removal by and with the advice and consent of tho
Senate."
Section six provides:
"That every removal, appointment, or employ-
ment made, laid, or exercised contrary to tho pro-
visions of this act, and the making, signing, scaling,
countersigning, or issuing of any commission or let-
terof authority, for or in respectto any such appoint-
ment or employment, shall be deemed, and are
hereby declared, to be high misdemeanors, and upon
trial and conviction thereof every person guilty
thereof shall be punished by a fine not exceeding
$10,000, or by iniprisonmontnot exceeding five years,
or both said punishments, in the discretion of the
court."
By the first section of the act of March 2,
18G7, the act of 1789 is changed so as to take
from the President the sole power of removal
and vesting it in the President by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, going back
to the rule as it was understood to exist in the
Constitution at the lime of its adoption. The
sixth section fixes tho penally for its violation.
This law Andrew Johnson has in the removal
of Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of the De-
partment of War, purposely and willfully vio-
lated, and in the most insolent and arrogant
manner—in a manner better becoming a tyrant
or a despot than a President of a free, consti-
tutional, republican Government, defied the
law-making power, and assumes to become a
law unto himself. He has removed Mr. Stan-
ton without authority of the Constitution, re-
moved him without authority of and in direct
and positive opposition to the letter and spirit
of the law; removed him that in the act he
might the more effectually advertise his con-
tempt for the Congress which he so bitterly
characterized as ''an unconstitutional body
hanging us it were upon the very verge of the
Governmentremoved him because it was
the boldest, plainest, surest act he could com-
mit to tell this Congress that in his most gra-
cious judgment they are a set of arrant cowaids,
and, bidding them do their worst, stands here
to defy them ; removed him to notify the peo-
ple that he had concluded to becomc what he
assured them he might before have been—a
dictator. The nation's escutcheon is so stained
and blackened with his offendings that we
should be cowards, indeed, if we did not purge
it of this pestiferous plague spot, that we may
hand it down to those who shall come after us
bright, pure, and spotless as in days of yore.
But wo are told that it was only his intention
to try the question of the constitutionality of the
law in the courts, and no more. Mr. Speaker, I
have to say that, so far as I am concerned, in
this heshall notbe disappointed. Hemay notbe
pleased with the details of the trial; but 1 can
assure liim that lie shall have the lull benefit of
my little iufluetice to have the question tried in
the highest court of the nation; not, sir, as he
may have hoped it would be, General Grant at
the bar of justice, with the President's promise
of vicarious suffering in case he should be
found guilty; not with Mr. Stanton to answer
for offenses of which Johnson alone is responsi-
ble, but with the chief criminal arraigned for his
own offenses, crimes, and misdemeanors be-
fore the bar of the high court of impeachment,
there to have determined whether or not a law
passed by Congress, according to the forms of
the Constitution, is for him to obey or defy.
There is 110 higher court than this, none that
possess higher power or judges better skilled
m the meaning of the Constitution. If Andrew
Johnson finds himself in a higher court, and
ill a closer relation to il, than he expected to
be, he ought to be more than salisiied. lie
clamors tor justice and the law, and L propose
that he shall have it, and even more than he
desires.
But, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Xew
York [Mr. Buoots] raises a voice of warning,
and bids us bewai e! beware! i beware!!! how
we proceed to impcach the President. Sir, that
advice is well; that warning is well. It is not
best that we proceed with indecent haste with
so grave a matter; but. sir, if the honorable
gentleman meant by his remarks to insinuate
that the Democratic bone and sinew and muscle
ofthc Army and the country lo which he referred
would take up the gauntlet to keep Auurew
Johnson in power by force and make him dic-
tator and supreme ruler of this nation, I v, .il
tell him, sir, that if a million of swords leaped
from their scabbards to put an end to rebellion
and anarchy, ten millions will more quickly leap
iorth to strike down any and all who dare pre-
sume to attempt build a despotism upon the
ruins of this Republic; and 1 thank the gentle-
man from New York for the word lie has taught
me; I bid him and his boasted Democratic bone
and muscle to " beware'' how either he or they
engage in such an undertaking. For the cor-
rupt use and the vile abuse of the power he
claims that the Constitution gives him he is
impeachable by the highest authority he urges
in his own defense, For the willful usurpation
of power which he cannot claim to possess,
either under the Constitution or the act of 1789,
in causing a vacancy to "happen" in a high
civil office, and making an appointment to fill
that vacancy without the advice and consent
of the Senate, when that body was in actual
session, he stands impeachable. For the re-
moval of Hon. Edwin M. Stanton from the
office of Secretary of the Department of War,
in opposition to and in defiance of the act of
March 2,1867, he stands impeachable. For ap-
pointing and commissioning General Lorenzo
Thomas to be Secretary of the Department of
War ad interim, without the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, when that body was in ses-
sion, and contrary to and in defiance of the act
of March 2, 1867, he stands impeachable. For
these and each and all of these offenses An-
drew Johnson, President of the United States,
ought to be, and under God I believe he will be,
impeached of high crimes and misdemeanors
in office, and will be brought down from the
high position he has proved himself unfit and
unworthy to fill.
. Ifiipeactaent.
SPEECH OF HOST. JULIUS IIOTCIIKISS,
of connecticut.
Ix the House op Representatives,
February 24, 18g8,
On the resolution reported by the Committee on
Reconstruction for the impeachment of the Pres-
ident.
Mr. HOTCHKISS._ Mr. Speaker, it is with
mingled feelings of grief and alarm that I ad-
dress the House on the present occasion—in
grief on account of the fact that I see the ma-
chinery of Government contrived for our safety
prostituted to mere party ends and purposes by
a proceeding not only entirely uncalled for
upon any facts which have come to our knowl-
edge, but altogether unwarranted by the Con-
stitution and the laws: alarm, because every
lover of his country and his kind must look upon
the proceedings of the House during tho past two
days as most signal yet most lamentable evi-
dences of that destruction that threatens not
only our form of Government, but the prin-
ciples upon which it is founded. We are so
rapidly removing the ancient land-marks, those
metes and bounds of the Constitution that de-
fine the duties and pi eserve the individuality of
each branch of the Government, that, ilia low
years, instead of a republican form of govern-
ment, wo will have resolved ourselves into a
radical despotism of unbridled and omnipotent
parliament on the one hand, or into an un-
checked, uncontrolled, and autocratic tyranny
on the other.
It. has been the hope of the American patriot,
the fond dream of the American statesman,
that although heretofore every republic in the
world has degenerated into an unlicensed de-
mocracy, only to be crushed eventually under
the armed heel of a military dictatorship or the
scepter of an absolute despotism, yet the Re-
public of the United States would prove an
, exception to this general rule. Is thio hope
[j of the patriot to be so shortly dashed to earth?
Il Is this dream of the statesman ^to _bo nothing
il but a dream after all; and simply for the rea-
