1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3775
this bill, in the beginning of the section, these
words:
That in all cases arising under the internal rev-
enue laws where, instead of commencing er proceed-
ing with a luit in court, it may appear to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue to bo for the interest
of the United States to compromise the same—
That seems to refer to a civil proceeding,
although technically not necessarily so. Bat
the proviso at the end of the section reads
thus:
That it shall be lawful for the court at any sta^e
of such suit or criminal proceedings to continue the
same for good cause shown on motion of the district
attorney.
The whole matter by this section in the
future is to be left with the district attorney, as
it. has been in the past.
Now, sir, you start out with this great fact:
that substantially the enforcement of this law
heretofore has been almost a total failure; in
view of the fact that there have been less than
twelve convictions where there have been
thousands of offenses, you may say a total fail-
ure; anil yet you leave the machinery for com-
promising and defeating this system in the
same hands in which it has almost totally failed
heretofore. Sir, the compromise system is the
bane of our revenue system. Let us have no
compromise at all. Let us have every case
tried through. If you leave that door open at
all the great body of offenders will walk out
through it. They have done so heretofore,
and they will do it again. I want no com-
promise. If there is an offense committed, let
il be tried out. If the man is innocent, let the
court say so; if the man is guilt}7, let the court
say so; but when you prepare a door of com-
promise and leave it open in the law the great
body of offenders will marc'h out through it, as
they have done heretofore. Are we such
Bourbons here that we cannot learn anything
by experience ? That would seem to be the
fact.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only question now
before the Senate—and it is rather surprising,
after running along almostthrough the bill, that
we should all at once be stopped by such a
small pebble—is whether the compromises pro-
vided for by this section shall be approved by
the solicitor of internal revenue or by the
Secretary of the Treasury. That is the only
question before the Senate. The general mer-
its of the proposition to allow compromises to
be made will come up at a later stage, when it
will be open to amendment. I say the ques-
tion we are to vote upon—no motion to amend
is in order at present—is whether we shall
make compromises upon the advice and con-
sent of the solicitor of internal revenue or
of the Secretary of the Treasury. Now, let
ns look at that for a moment. The solicitor
of internal revenue is an officer of secondary
importance, a mere adviser of the Commis-
sioner of internal Revenue, a mere aid of a
bureau officer. There is none now appointed,
and the duties of the office are being performed
by a cleric. Therefore, to make his opinion a
check upon the Commissioner of Internal ltev-
enue would be the same as to say that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury's action must depend
upon the opinion of a clerk, because that is
the effect of it.
Mr. MORTON. I did not argue that ques-
tion. 1 argued against the whole section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know; but that is not
before us at present. That is what 1 am com-
plaining of. * The point before us is quite a
different question from the one that has been
argued.
Mr. MORTON. I think it is before us.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now we interpose the
Secretary of the Treasury, and require his
advice and consent to every compromise that
is made in every individual case. Under exist-
ing law the Secretary of the Treasury has
nothing to do with compromises unless his regu-
lations require it. The Senator from Maine
says that under the existing regulations they
must be submitted to the Secretary ; but under
the law the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
passes finally upon them, subject, however, to i
such regulations as may be made. Now we
provide that no com promise can he made except
with the written assent of the Secretary of the
Treasury; and further than that, in order to
show that it cannot be done upon insufficient
information, we require .'mother officer to file
his opinion in writing, setting out certain facts,
the basis of the opinion by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
It may be said that we ought to make the
opinion of the solicitor of internal revenue
final. That would not be right. Otherwise,
we ought to leave it entirely to him. But with
the aid of this written opinion the case is made
up, goes to the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, is decided by him, and if his opinion in
favor of compromise is approved by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in that particular case,
it is made unless, forsooth, a suit has been
commenced. If a suit has been commenced,
the bill, as it came to us from the House of
Representatives, required the assent, in addi-
tion, of the district attorney. In order to
avoid the objection to that 1 intended, at the
proper stage of this bill, to move to strike out
so much of it as provides for the assent of the
district attorney, and to require the assent of
the Attorney General. This would make it
harmonious. In all matters that arise before
suit, the case must be settled by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue with the advice and
consent of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
npon the opinion in writing of the solicitor of
internal revenue. That surely is a sufficient
guard. After a suit is commenced 1 would
require all these other aids or checks, and in
addition to them the opinion of the Attorney
General.
To require the opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral in advance on matters not brought into
court at all would be to burden him with the
whole weight of the business of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Thousands and
tens of thousands of cases arising out of
ignorance or mistake or misapprehension or
errors on the part of officers come to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, and are decided
as matters of formula. If every one of those
cases must be brought before the Secretary of
the Treasury or the Attorney General we
might as well provide for half a dozen Attor-
neys General. He could not do it. But when
a suit has been commenced and is pending,
and a proposition is made to compromise that
suit, we may then properly ask for the opinion
of the Attorney General. There is, then, a
good deal of force in the objection made by
the Senator from Indiana that the opinion of
the district attorney, who, perhaps, is inter-
ested, or who, by possibility, may be corrupt,
or who is lazy, indolent, careless, and would
rather settle a suit than try it, should not be
final. I think it would be very proper there
to interpose the opinion or assent of the Attor-
ney General.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him if there is any provision in this
bill fixing within what lapse of time after a
seizure is made, an information or proceeding
shall be filed in court against the property
seized ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That reminds me of
another observation. More than nine cases
out of ten are cases where no seizure has been
made. For instance, suppose a mistake in the
case of the income tax. The question comes
before the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
whether a certain man has been assessed prop-
erly for income. There may he no seizure.
There may be no property to seize. The only
remedy may be by suit. The Commissioner
of luternal Revenue lias the case made up
before him, and he may say, " it is better on
all the iacts of the case to take so much money
in settlement of this oiaim than to commence
suit."
Mr. EDMUNDS. There maybe no seizure
in an income case. There the prosecution
must be personal.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course
this section applies to all cases, and in the
great body there are no seizures. There are
no seizures except in regard to whisky and
tobacco. It seems to me the committee have
sufficiently guarded this section. If the Sen-
ate, upon the second reading of the bill,
choose to strike out the whole section, that is
another question ; but my own judgment is
that you cannot administer the collection of
the internal revenue without trusting some-
body with the power to adjust disputes, and
compromise both before and after suit. All
the checks and all the guards that may reason-
ably be suggested to guard against the abuse
of this power I am perfectly willing to vote for;
but the power itself must be provided for by ,
this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I did not
get any answer to my inquiry from the chair-
man of the committee, who I supposed was
familiar with the bill, whether there is any
provision in this proposed la.w for requiring a
prosecution, as he calls it, a suit, to be com-
menced against any property seized within a
definite period of time?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir. There is a
statute of limitations against commencing it
after a certain time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That we understand.
That is quite a different thing. The result of
it then would be, as the section will stand with
this amendment put in, while the power of
compromise would be left with the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, with his solicitor
and the Secretary of the Treasury indefinite
and absolute, there would be no obligation on
the part of those officers, or anybody else, ever
to commence a suit in the world. They might
hang up a seizure, therefore, just as long as
they pleased, unlil the party whose property
had been seized could, through the instru-
mentalities that the Senator from Indiana has
so well referred to, bring sufficient influence
to bear to produce a compromise.
1 do not see any difference in theory or in
justice between requiring a check from the
Attorney General's office after a libel, if that
is the proper term, has been filed or before or
after a seizure has been made. If you leave
it as it now stands, a case may be hung up
indefinitely; and then comes on the party whose
property has been seized, who has committed
the fraud, with his friends, and gets his mem-
ber of Congress, or his Senator, to go first to
the solicitor, and then to the Commissioner,
and then to the Secretary. Failing there, he
goes to the fountain-head of all honor and all
pardon, the President of the United States;
and at. last through some of those officials he
gets off entirely. That is altogether wrong in
my opinion. It has been, as my friend from
Indiana has said, the greatest abiise in this
country—this matter of compromising these
claims before any process is filed in court where
parlies upon both sides can see exactly what
the charge is, and exactly how much the Gov-
ernment would be entitled to have by way of
forfeiture, or the duplication of the tax, as the
case might be made.
In the external revenue service experience
has provided a much more satisfactory way.
The laws and regulations prescribe that within
ten days—I believe that is the number of days
—a very short period of lime after a seizure is
made, a libel shall be filed, so that the judicial
officers of the Government, whose bounden
duty it is to protect the Government against
frauds of this kind, will have their hand upon
the prosecution, as well as the mere executive
officers of the Government; so that you then
have an additional safeguard not only as to the
rights of the citizen whose property may have
been illegally or improperly seized, but you
have a sat'egard for the rights of the Govern-
ment that no private settlement brought about
by political favor, personal influence, corrup-
tion. bribery, or whatever improper influence
may be brought to bear, can be had.
No provision of that kind is made here ; and
while you give an absolute and indefinite power
of compromise and settlement to these mere
executive officers, you do not impose upon
