1738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Maroli 7,
reason now for taking the back track, for un-
doing and disaffirming what we have done, on
the ground that it appeared at the time to be
wrong, or that it appears now by the present
lights, looking back, to have been wrong. I
confess, sir, the good-will that I had and that
1 have for Mr. Harvey does not close ray eyes
to the point that he, with no such act incum-
bent upon him, not called upon to speak for
Congress or for the President or for anybody
else, engaged at that time in a political con-
troversy; went out of his way to do an act
which the joint judgment of the two Houses,
repeatedly expressed, pronounced objection-
able, obnoxious, blamable; and they attached
to it that badge of blame which deliberately
they thought was proper.
Now, the question is whether there is any
new evidence of any kind upon which that
finding and that conclusion ought to be re-
versed. If there is anything else of it 1 am
unable to see; and the Committee on Appro-
priations felt constrained, as 1 may say, i be-
lieve, without impropriety, following what had
been done by both Houses so repeatedly, to
omit this appropriation, and to wait until the
time should come when in fact a different
question would be presented by the nomina-
tion and confirmation of a different minister.
Until that time they thought the question re-
mained all the while the same; it was res judi-
cata between the two Houses.
Mr. HENDIUCKS. The Senator from
Massachusetts has suggested that I read the
books and turn to the precedents. I do not want
to read any book nor find any precedent in
the history of my country which will teach me
the lesson that it is right to refuse to comply
with the law or to carry out and execute the
law. I tljtink the Senator can find no such
precedent as this in the history of this coun-
try, that Congress, for the purposeof rebuking
a mailer that is not agreeable on the part of
some public officer, has refused his salary as
provided by law.
The Senator says it is unquestionably aright
of Congress to cut off supplies. How far can
this go? Here is a public officer that in the
discharge of the duties of his office has done
no wrong. It is eoueeded that he was a good
officer in every respect; he maintained the
honor and the dignity of the country; he sacri-
ficed in no negotiation any of the interests of
the country ; but he wrote a private letter
which came to the light without his knowledge;
and to rebuke him for that, an act that the
country had no interest in one way or the oilier,
the supply of his salary is cut off. If for that
it be proper to deny a salary, then certainly,
if there occur a case in which a public offi-
cer in the discharge of his duties lias become
offensive to Congress, the argument is much
stronger. Then, sir, if the President of the
United States should refuse in the administra-
tion of the laws to reliect some sentiment of
Congress, the Senator would say "Cut off
the supplies; drive him from office ; he is not
agreeable to us." Elected by the people,
holding his office according to the Constitution
and the laws, with the assurance in the law
that his salary shall be paid to him, Congress
says " We willeut off the supplies," and. we
present the spectacle to the world of providing
in one law that he shall have a salary and in
another law that he shall not have it.
Carry it still further: some Senator is offen-
sive to the majority and we cannot remove him;
he has a light to his seat, but we will cut off
his supplies; he shall not have his salary along
with the rest of the Senators. If it be right
to select some minister abroad from among his
associate ministers and cut off his supplies, why
can you not starve a Senator out of this body?
and that might be not because the Senator had
done anything amiss in his seat, but because
lie had written some letter to a friend that had
found the light containing sentiments which
were not agreeable to thedistinguished Senator
from Massachusetts.
Carry still further the doctrine that Con-
gress may starve men out of their offices. The
Supreme Court or some of the judges, of that
court, in some opinion expressed upon the law,
may become offensive to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, or, perhaps, when his party comes
to be in the minority in this body, they may
become offensive to the then majority; and
they may say "We will have no such judges
as these; the Constitution and the laws have
placed them in that position during good be-
havior, and they are entitled, according to law,
to their pay; but we will starve them out, and
we will compel the judiciary department of
this Government, an independent department,
and one that the Constitution intends shall be
independent of the legislative, to come to the
opinion upon questions of law which Congress
may entertain, or we will starve them outl"
Sir, I repudiate the doctrine of starving out.
1 repudiate it entirely, and seek no precedents
to sustain it. The Departments of Govern-
ment must act independently, the one in the
execution of the laws, the other in adjudicat-
ing upon them, and this Department in enact-
ing the laws.
Mr. President, is it worthy of the Senate of
the United States to maintain this quarrel with
Mr. Harvey? Is it becoming? Here are other
high officers that, in a very public way, have
expressed opinions that are offensive to Con-
gress—Cabinet ministers and other officers that
have expressed opinions very offensive to Con-
gress. You do not apply this doctrine to them ;
but you select the occupant of a very obscure
mission abroad because he wrote one letter that
was not agreeable, and the quarrel is to be
maintained against him.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask a question of
the Senator? I inquire whether all these
strong illustrations that he gives and this re-
mark of his of disparagement to the magnitude
of the subject do not go to the propriety of the
original action taken by Congress; and I in-
quire further of the Senator what there is at
this time which should lead this body to say
that this occasion is smaller than it seemed in
the past, or that should lead it to reverse the
position which it has taken, asserting that it
had the right, and might properly exercise the
right in the case of Mr. Harvey, to withhold
appropriations ? If I perceived something new
which I could act upon I should be very glad
to see it; but I feel constrained by the fact
that after full argument all these propositions
have been settled as far as thatexpression can
be used in regard to such a matter.
Mr. HENDKICItS. I suppose the idea of
the Senator is that if you quarrel with a man
once you have got to quarrel with him all your
life.
Mr. CONKLING. I think the Senator does
not understand that from what 1 say.
Mr. HENDPJCKS. I do.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no. I take it that
the Senator, who, as I said before, is logical,
and, we all know, is very acute, does not (when
I say that a certain matter in controversy hav-
ing been litigated and adjudged finally, so ttiat
it is, as I have before expressed it, res judi-
cata) understand mc to say that because I
think in law and in principle all parties should
stand by that, therefore if one party once has
a quarrel with another he must always keep
quarreling with him. That would be reversing
the whole spirit of the rule that there shall be
an end of quarrel and of litigation.
Mr. HEM DKICKS. Mr. President  
Mr. FUELINGHUYSEN. With the per-
mission of the Senator from Indiana, I wish to
ask him whether the point which he is discussing
is at all involved in the question before the
Senate? I understand the question before the
Senate to be whether we will make an appro-
priation for the year commencing July 1, 1868.
We certainly have made no contract with any-
body to make any such appropriation, and are
at perfect liberty to make it or not to make it,
as we see proper. As to the other branch of
the subject which the Senator has discussed,
our obligation to pay for past services, the
statute says, as I understand it, expressly that
the minister shall be entitled to his pay, and. I
suppose that he can, under existing laws, with-
out our making any appropriation, go into the
Court of Claims and enforce his claim against
the United States. So that he will not be
starved for the past, and will not be starved by
us for the future, because he has no claim upon
us for the future.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator was right as the bill stood, but did the
Senator from New Jersey not observe that the
chairman of the committee said that the com-
mittee felt it to be their duty to strike this ap-
propriation out of the House bill, because they
felt instructed by the action of the Senate at a
prior session in striking out the appropriation
at that prior session ? That brought up in the
course of the argument, as I supposed, the
question whether the Senate did right in con-
senting to the demand of the House of Repre-
sentatives at that time, and therefore I thought
it was connected with the defense the chair-
man made for his committee. Now, I would
be very glad if the Senate would just close this
all out and make the appropriation lor the
past two years. I think it would be becoming.
I do not think it is becoming to send an officer .
of the Government to the Court of Claims to
get his salary. The law says he shall have his
salary; he is appointed according to law, and
he is entitled to it. The Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Davis] suggests to me that lie
cannot recover his Salary there, because the
law does not provide for the payment ot salary
in that way. 1 do not care to discuss that
now. I am not sure about that point., as the
law authorizes the recovery of claims in the
Court of Claims that arise out of contracts
with the Government or out of any law or any
regulation of a Department. It may be that
he could recover his salary in the Court of
Claims, but is it proper that we should send
him there?
1 submit to Senators if there has not been
enough of this. Senators know very well that
they have provided for the pay of other offi-
cers much more important than this who have
expressed themselves more offensively to the
majority than Mr. Harvey did. We select him
out. Suppose he did wrong, which I do not
concede. I do not recollect much that was in
the letter, having read some things since I
saw it, but suppose he did wrong, why not
pass it over and be done with it? 1 do not
think it is becoming in Congress to keep up
the strife.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I do not see
any occasion for passing it over if lie has done
wrong, because I do not see that he asks us to
do so or that any of his friends ask us to do
so. Somebody has done wrong unquestion-
ably. Either the minister to Portugal com-
mitted an offense which justilied the Congress
of the United States for withholding the ap-
propriation of his salary or the Congress of
llie United States withheld that appropriation
unjustifiably. I voted to withhold it. 1 suppose
from the tenor of the argument of the Senator
from Indiana that he voted the other way. If
the Senator thinks that peace and cOncord are
to be attained simply by attacking the Senate,
and can see no road to peace but by having
the Senate get down upon its knees and ac-
knowledge its faults, I am afraid he will not
find peace in that direction ; he will be disap-
pointed, and this controversy will be kept up.
And yet I say again as I said before, that if
the Senator will be good enough to point out
the wrong I did, so that I cau see it, I will
; recant, and I will not only now agree to this
1 appropriation, but if I agree to this appropri-
ation I give my word that I will agree to pay
for past services ; and we cannot defend our-
selves against an appropriation for past ser-
vices if we agree to pay him his services there
in the future. We are right or he is; we are
wrong or he is. I said in the outset, and it is
| all I want to say upon that point, that my
I judgment was one year ago and two years ago
j that we were right and he was wrong. I stand
i by the judgment without going over the
i grounds of it again.
