228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2"4,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. SotcJikiss.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
son that in order to preserve the ascendency
of a faction the Constitution is to be violated
whenever necessary to that end, and laws are
to be constantly passed to meet emergencies
that seem to threaten not the integrity of the
Government but the safety of a party? In any
Government, republican or monarchical, When
laws are passed for mere personal or party
ends, when the Constitution id constantly vio-
lated; both in spirit and letter; in order to pre-
serve the life of a failing faction, the result
must surely be the destruction of the rights,
liberties, and property of the people, and thus
the subversion of all true order. Heretofore,
in our country, parties' have aimed ostensibly,
at least, at perfecting laws designed to beneiit
the whole body-politic. Now, however, the
sole end and aim of modern radicalism appear
to be to perpetuate its party power through a
series of acts which are not only rapidly un-
dermining the personal rights and liberties of
the people, but are changing the entire struc-
ture of the Government, limiting, curtailing,
and destroying the functions of certain depart-
ments of it on the one hand, and on the other
enlarging, extending, and making despotic cer-
tain other departments. It is claimed by the
advocates of radicalism that the executive de-
partment is assuming arbitrary and unconsti-
tutional powers. At the same time these pow-
ers so charged as thus assumed are so clearly
within the constitutional scope of its functions
that it has been found necessary on the part
of Congress to pass special acts curtailingthose
functions, and thus causing the presidential
office to be shorn of rights that it had exer-
cised from the very foundation of the Govern-
ment. The civil tenure act, under which it is
proposed to impeach the President, is a speci-
men of these special acts.
But it is strange that the very department of
the Government which the Radicals desire to
deprive of its functions as delegated to it by
the Constitution, on the ground that the Pres-
ident is usurping authority, is that very de-
partment which the fathers of the Constitution
regarded as least likely to usurp authouly not
conferred upon it. They justly considered that
our Government was not one in which numer-
ous and extensive prerogatives are placed in
the hands of an hereditary monarch. Were
this so the executive department might be very
justly regarded as the source of danger and
watched with all the zeal which patriotism and
a love of liberty would naturally inspire. Says
the Federalist:
"In a democracy where a multitude of people
exercise in person the legislative functions and are
continually exposed by their incapacity for regular
deliberation and concerted measures to the ambitious
intrigues of their executive magistrates tyranny may
welt be apprehended, on some favorablo emergency,
tortart up inthe same quarter. But in a represent-
ative republic, where the executive magistracy is
carefully limited, both in the extent and duration of
its power, and where the legislative power is exer-
cised by an assembly which is inspired by a supposed
influence over thepeople, with nnintrepid confidence
in its own strength, which issufficientlynumerous to
feel all the passions which actuate a multitude, yet not
so numerous as tobcincapableof pursuing the objects
of its passions by means which reason prescribes, it
is against the enterprising ambition of this depart-
ment that the people ought to indulge all their jeal-
ousy and exhaust all their precaution 1 Tbolegislativo
department derivesits superiority in our Government
from other circumstances. Its constitutional power
being at once more extensive and less susceptible of
precise limits, it can with greater facility mask un-
der complicated and in direct measures the encroach-
ments which it makes under tho coordinate depart-
ments."
And is not this what Congress is now doing
and has been from the day the Radical party
came into power to the present, when this
crowning act, of usurpation, the proposed im-
peachment of the President, is about to be con-
summated ?
Mr. Jefferson had a thorough appreciation
of the dangers of legislative usurpation. In
the ease of his own State (Virginia) he took
strong grounds against the intermingling or
intermixing of the three great departments of
the State. In order to convey fully the ideas
with which his experience had impressed him
on this subject allow mo to quote a passage of
some, length from his " Notes on,the State of
Virginia," page 195 :
"All the powers of government—legislative, execu-
tive, and judiciary—result to tho legislative body.
Tho concentrating of theso in tho same hands is pre-
cisely tho definition of despotic government. It will
be no alleviation that theso powers will be exercised
by a plurality of hands and not by a single one. One
hundred and seventy-throe despots would surely be as
oppressive as one. Let those who doubt it turn their
eyes on tho republic of Venice. As little will it avail
us that they are chosen by ourselves. An elective
despotism is not tho government we fought for; but
one which should not only bo founded on froo prin-
ciples but. in which the powers of government should
be so divided and balanced among several bodies
of tho magi&tiacy as th.it no ono could transcend
their legal limits without being oiTectually checked
and restrained by tho others. For this reason that
convention which passed the ordinance of govern-
ment laid its foundation on this babis, that tho legis-
lative, executive, and judiciary departments should
bo separate and distinct, so that no person should
exercise the powers of moro than one of thein at the
same time. But 110 barrier was provided between
these powers. Tho judiciary and executive members
were left dependent on tho legislative for their sub-
sistence in office, and some of them for continuance
in it. If, therefore, the Legislature assumes oxccu-
tivo and judiciary powers, no opposition is likely to
be made, nor, if made, can bo eifectual, because in
that ease they may put their proceedings into the
form of an act of Assembly, which will render them
obligatory on tho other branches. They have, ac-
cordingly, in many instances, decided rights which
should havo been loft to judiciary controversy, and
the direction of tho executive during tho whole time
of their session is becoming habitual and familiar."
Thus, while we have the testimony of the
fathers of the Constitution that it is from usurp-
ations of tho legislative department that the
liberties of the people have most to fear, we
have the acts of a revolutionary faction in the
country proclaiming to-day that this very con-
dition of things of which the fathers so repeat-
edly warned us has reached such a point as
to threaten the very existence of the Govern-
ment. Under the pretext of checking some
contemplated or threatened usurpation of the
Executive Congress is constantly passing acts
depriving him of privileges and prerogatives
exercised by that department since 1789. The
result is that the President is completely re-
stricted in the selection of his Cabinet officers;
and, instead of being his confidential advisers,
under the immediate influence of no other
branch of the Government, but unbiased in
their judgments, he is surrounded by a set of
men who are not in sympathy with him, cither
socially or politically; and thus, instead of
being loft free to exercise his judgment as pro-
vided for by the Constitution, and in strict
accordance with the genius of the Government,
he becomes tho mere tool and instrument of
Congress, bound to do its behests without re-
flection or question. Under such circumstances
of what use is the office of President? Con-
gress might as well decree that ils own officers
sign its acts as that they should be sent to
such an automatic Executive as they would
constitute Mr. Johnson.
Let me review the case. Let us, then, im-
peach and remove the President, and install
Senator Wade, President of the Senate, in his
place. Suppose, in that case, that Messrs.
Seward, Wells, McCulloch, Stanbery, Ran-
da.ll, and Browning refuse to retire from the
Cabinet, in what sort of a position would Mr.
Wade find himself? IIow could he or how
would he counsel with these gentlemen? If
they were any of them like Mr, Stanton, mor-
ally or socially, to say nothing of politically,
destitute of ideas and principles which regu-
late the intercourse between gentlemen, they
would have it in their power, as it was in his, to
act as spies upon the new President: and that
Stanton acted in such a despicable capacity is a
matter of public notoriety. In such a ease what
man on the Democratic side of tho House
would bo found so recreant to all ideas and
principles, as respecis the amenities of life and
of those courtesies that characterize the asso-
ciation of gentlemen with each other, to say
nothing of the traditions of the Government
and the well-known rules laid down in the case
of the President and his Cabinet ministers, as
to compel the President to daily counsel with
men with whom he cannot politically be in ac-
cord ? It is true that Mr. Wade might get
along socially very well, and keep on excel-
lent speaking terms with the above gentlemen,
knowing them to be gentlemen who have not
violated the plainest duties and commonest
courtesies of official and social intercourse.
But how could he possibly be expected to
associate with them on terms of respectful
and kindly intercourse which demanded the
cordial greetings habitual to the association of
gentlemen with each other if he knew these
persons to be common spies upon his actions
and common informers, hanging upon every
word that fell from his lips like a detective
upon the words of a supposed criminal, and
anxious to entrap him in some careless mo-
ment into an expression that might be tortured
into something approaching to a violation of
law. No, gentlemen ; ho could not bo expected
to do this—to associate with men who in that
case would be worse than criminals in the eyes
of society; and all because Congress consid-
ered that he was an obstacle to the consumma-
tion of certain measures it desired to force
upon the country. The party that would force
a President to do this; the Congress that would
so pervert the principles of the Constitution^
so outrage the genius of the Government,
and so stultify itself as regards an appreciation
of the nature and character of our institutions,
would be simply guilty of a profanation of re-
publicanism. But is not this what the Radical
party appears determined to do in the case of
the President and Mr. Stanton, and which is
the cause of this terrible impeachment move-
ment?
When Mr. Montgomery Blair, Mr. Lincoln's
Postmaster General, fell under the displeas-
ure of tho leading Radicals, a number of
them, including several Senators, addressed a
letter to Mr. Lincoln asking Mr. Blair's re-
moval from the Cabinet, on the ground that
the President should be aided by a Cabinet
council in perfect accord with him and his-
measures. Mr. Blair immediately tendered
his resignation to Mr. Lincoln, which that gen-
tleman subsequently accepted. Had Mr. Blair
then acted as Mr. Stanton has acted with Mr.
Johnson 'what a howl these Radical gentle-
men would have raised against him. Indeed,
could any one at the time have been found in
either party to sustain him in such a course as
Mr. Stanton has since pursued V
Who is Edwin M. Stanton ? Is it not. on rec-
ord that he is a spy upon the President and an
informer in the service if not the pay of the
Radical party? Here we have a Cabinet offi-
cer passing from the presence of the President,
after cordially greeting him, and immediately
proceeding to the residence of some prominent
Radical, into which he steals, perhaps, under
cover of darkness in order to betray the confi-
dence of the man he had just left. Does his-
tory exhibit a record of such baseness as this?
In all the ages have we presented to us a sim-
ilar instance of such utter and unmitigated
treachery? It is scarcely necessary for me to
refer to this man's political record in order to
paint his character m any darker colors than it
is presented to the people of the United States
in his intercourse with President Johnson in
his capacity as Cabinet adviser, I need not
tell you that he kept our poor soldiers starving
at Andersonville; I need not tell you of his
paid spies in private families; I need not tell
you of his instrumentality in the official murder
of an innocent woman; I need not toll you of
his encouragement of secession until the coun-
try was plunged into a terrible war, and of his
sudden conversion to radicalism; I need not
I tell you of the perfidy of his nine reasons for
i condemning the gallant Sherman, whomiu lie
! attempted to blast the fume of the nolih-st sol-
j dier of the war, nor of the sheepishness with
1 which he quailed before the scornful glance of
