1868.
THE C0X0KESS10NAL GLOBE.
3777
dant, as read by the Senator from Ohio; and
it is so clear that I believe no two Senators
agree as to what it means. Mr. President, as
was remarked by the Senator from Ohio, there
is not. much use in discussing this law here.
Why?
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say that.
Mr. MORTON. "In discussing that ques-
tion here," I understood you to say.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say it belongs to another
stage of the bill. We are on the first reading
of the bill, and no amendments to it are npw
in order except the amendments of the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. MORTON. Perhaps this discussion is
just as proper here as anywhere else ; but a
discussion as to what this law means is not
very important at any time. It is practically a
dead letter, and it has been. You mightalroost
as profitably read from Robinson Crusoe or
Baron Munchausen. The whole system is a
failure. There is the great truth about it—it
is a failure.
Now, Mr. President, let me refer once more
to the amendment offered by the Senator from
Illinois and that suggested by the Senator from
Ohio. The Senator from Illinois proposes to
throw an additional safeguard around this com-
promise by having it finally referred to the
Attorney General. I will take the case of a
compromise of an offense in a case where suit
lias not been commenced. The parties come
before the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
and the Secretary of the Treasury, or the soli-
citor of internal revenue, as the ease may be.
They present an ex parte statement, one that is
very strong on their side and not on the other.
They succeed in getting a compromise with the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and the
solicitor of internal revenue, not being any
better lawyer, perhaps, and not having half the
experience, they make out a case that is all
fair on the face of it. It would perhaps satisfy
you or me just by reading it; but bear in mind
it is an ex parte case. They submit that to the
Secretary of the Treasury. What time has he
to go back to the original sources of informa-
tion ? Here is their paper that is fair on its face.
He gives it his assent. Then they take it to
the Attorney General, and the same paper, fair
and unexceptionable on its face, making out a
good case, receives his approval. What time
has he to go to Cincinnati or St. Louis, or to
send out there and make original examinations
about the"case? None at all. It is out of his
power to do so. He is bound to take the case
as it is sent to him.
Therefore I say that the proposition to send
the case to him lor revisal is a mere sham ; it
is a humbug that amounts to nothing. And
thus it is with the whole system. It is an ex
parte system that is a sham from beginning to
end. If you do not believe it, I ask you again
how it has worked? Just go back to your
experience of nearly five years and ask your-
self how it, has worked. If men will not learn
from experience they cannot learn from any
source. How has it worked? As it has worked
in the past so it will work in the future. And
yet, sir, here we are about to reenact the same
old folly, the same system which has led to the
great loss the Government has sustained and
the almost universal escape of these great
criminals, some of whom, perhaps, are now,
or very often are, sitting in our galleries, the
finest gentlemen about the city, who have
robbed the Government of millions and yet
have gone harmless from the law. They have
suffered no penalty but that of a compromise,
and we are reenacting the same thing right
over again.
Sir, if they can cheat the Government out
of two dollars on the gallon they can cheat it
out of fifty cents on the gallon on the same
system. The temptation is not quite so great;
but they have now learned the business ; all
the processes have been studied out. It is
not half the trouble now to get up a fraud that
it was three years ago, because they know how
to do it. It is a trade; and it will pay them
just as well to get up a fraud now on fifty
40TH CoJift. 2T> SESP.—No. 237.
cents a gallon as it did three or four years ago
on two dollars a gallon, and they can do it just
as easily. And here they find us coming in,
constructing a great big door of compromise,
through which they can travel without jostling
each other, as they have done in times past.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I am as much in favor of closing the door
against compromises as any Senator possibly
can be ; but it is indispensable thatsome party
here in Washington should have the power of
making compromises. As long as human na-
ture is no purer than it is at the present day,
there must, be somebody to protect the honest
tax-payer, or he will inevitably suffer if this
power is not given. For instance, suppose
that one of the officers either ignorantly or ma-
liciously shall seize and confiscate the property
of a tax payer ; if it is ignorantly done, say
that it is a mere mistake of figures ; if it is ma-
liciously, it is done for the purpose, say, of
black-mail, of levying a contribution, or some-
thing of that kind. When this comes to the
knowledge of the officers here in Washington
there ought to be somewhere a power lodged
for compromise.
But allow me to say to Senators who were so
earnest on this subject that all the fault is uot
here at the office of the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. We have had positively no con-
victions iu the last six months 
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to correct my
friend from Vermont. I do not mean to say
that the fault is here. I said last winter, and
I say now, that the great power lodged in the
hands of district attorneys has been fatal to
prosecutions, because there have been no pros-
ecutions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The fault has
been chiefly with the district courts. We have
several district judges who have so charged
that it was impossible that any jury should
convict, and we have had in some places jurors
who were in the interest of tho "whisky ring"
and would not convict.
There is another reason. Congress itself is
not entirely exempt from blame. The district
attorneys are not paid sufficiently to attend to
these numberless cases. They are paid in
some instances not more than their mere travel-
ing expenses, so that they are no better off
for attending to the cases than they would be
if they stayed at home ; and in some instances
I am told that they cannot attend to the cases
j and pay their board and traveling expenses
without absolute loss. These things ought to
be remedied by Congress.
All that I rose for, Mr. President, was to
protest against the idea which seemed to pre-
vail from the current of the debate that there
was great wrong and corruption here at Wash-
ington in relation to the compromise of cases.
I do not believe it. There may be some errors,
some blunders, some mistakes, and I am quite
ready to go for a restriction of the rule ; but, it
ought to remain there to some, at least to a
moderate extent. If we find the courts all
over the country, as they have done for the
past six months in New York and in Richmond
and in one other place, so charging the juries
as to produce conviction, we shall have no
trouble iu executing the laws and collecting
the revenue; but until we can do that, of
course wc shall fail.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance to section one hundred and
oue.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in lines eight,
nine, and ten of the section, to strike out the
words "whose opinion in the case, with the
reasons therefor, shall be given in writing and
delivered to the Commissioner."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve of
the section, at'terthe word "solicitor," to insert
"of internal revenue."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I aw directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to propose to strike out the
words " the district attorney," in the twentieth
line of section one hundred and one, and Jill
the words to the end of the section, and insert
in lieu thereof "the Attorney General;" so
that in cases where suits have been commenced
and are pending the assent of the Attorney
General shall be required to a compromise.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I thiuk that amendmen"
is objectionable notwithstanding it eotoesfron.
the chairman of the Committee on Finance.
I did not know that the committee had agreed
to any such amendment. It seems.to me that
the district attorney is the person who must
necessarily have personal kaowledge of 'the
transaction, and he ought to be required to
recommend a discontinuance of ft prosecution
before it is discontinued or compromised by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. The
Attorney General hits no knowledge of the
subject at all, and can have none whatever
except what he derives from other officers.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue has
no knowledge on the subject except what he
derives from others; and so of the Secretary
of the Treasury. Thpse officers here in Wash-
ington who are required to act, must neces-
sarily derive their information, from the officers
in the district where the suit is pending. I
would not object to an amendment requiring
the consent of the Attorney General, also, in
addition to the district attorney; but to strike
out the district attorney and substitute the
Attorney General it seems to me wo.uld be
rather unwise.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not authorized by
the committee to accept such an amendment,
but I have no objection personally to requiring
the district attorney as well as the Attorney
General. My own opinion is, however, that
a district attorney ought not to have anything
to do with the settlement of cases. He is an
interested party. His fees are somewhat con-
tingent on the number of cases he tries. As a
matter of course the Attorney General would
not consent to the settlement of cases without
some information from the district attorney,
and 1 would rather just throw the responsibility
where suits are pending on the Attorney
General. The preceding part of the section
provides that the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue must go through all these matters
and make an arrangement, if that is deemed
better than a suit: and then it goes on to pro-
vide in addition that the assent of the district
attorney must be bad to a compromise iu cases
where suits are pending. The district attor-
neys are sometimes men upon whom we can
not place entire reliability, and they .are some-
what interested. They m.ay have acquaint-
ances who are interested. 'Their friends may
be the parties implicated. Now, the Attorney
General is a responsible officer here, and lie
would act probably on information derived
from the district attorney. I am disposed,
therefore, to require his sanction as the chief
of the law department. I agree with the logic
of the Senator from Illinois so far as suits are
concerned, but I would not burden him with
the matter before suits are brought. It is,
however, for the Senate to say.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment
will be reported.
The Cihef Clefik. It is proposed in section
one hundred and one to sirike out, in lines
twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, and twenty-
three, the words ''district attorney for tho
judicial district in which the suit or proceed-
ing is pending, or of such other counsel as may
be employed to conduct or prosecute the same
on the part of the United States," and in lieu
thereof to insert "Attorney General.1
Mr. CORBETT. I have drawn up an amend-
ment which I suppose is not in order at this
time, but I may state it for the information of
the Senate. I am opposed to striking out the
district, attorney, but I propose, after the word
"pending," in line twenty-one, to insert _ and
his statement under oath that ia his opinion
said case cannot be maintained in court."
Mr. HOWARD. Mostofthe cases that are
