1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
40th Coxa....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Hotchkiss.
IIo. of Reps.
that proud and honest soldier, when, in the
face of the world, he refused to take his hand,
and turned his back upon him as ho would upon
a loathsome reptile. But, in all the history of
this man's checkered social and political exist-
ence, of all the crimes of which he has been
guilty, this base treachery, this foul perfidy of
his to President Johnson stands out so promi-
nently as to dwarf the rest by comparison with
its unparalleled and unapproachable vileness
and its unmitigated meanness. Yet this isthe
man for the removal of whom from his Cabinet
and his presence we are called upon to im-
peach the President. This is the poor, despic-
able character for whom this country is to be
plunged into the vortex of perhaps a bloody
revolution. Can radicalism, m the very ecstasy
of its madness, in the blindness of partisan
passion, go further than this?
I come here, Mr. Speaker, from the busy
scenes of a business life. I only review this
question from the light of that experience and
common observation outside of those legal ac-
quirements possessed by the great majority of
this House. In the absence of the more cul-
tivated reasons of the schools, truth often, as
by intuition, drops its sacred light into the in-
quiring mind, i believe a good deal in that
native wit which goes straight to the mark,
which strips the sophistries the lawyer hasflun#
around the naked truth or the naked falsehood
from the form thereof, and reveals it to the
world in all the elegance of its beauty or all the
hideousness of its deformity. I amnotskilled
in the subtleties of legal ratiocination, of that
art which sometimes clothes falsehood with the
garb of truth, and thus often deceives the honest
inquirer after the genuine article. I leave the
task of making the worse appear the better
reason to the gentlemen of the legal profession,
who compose two thirds of the radical side of
the Ilouse, which fact alone would almost in-
dicate that the whole proceeding is a conspiracy
of lawyers for partisan purposes. And who so
able to carry such a conspiracy forward to ul-
timate success as the members of a profession
whose business as often leads them to engage
on the side of evil as on the side of good, to
take part with the wrong as often as with the
right, with the oppressor as often as with the
oppressed? To my poor judgment a lawyer,
especially a radical lawyer, though calculated
to make a very respectable politician and a very
unscrupulous partisan, is as often liable to fail
as a clear-headed and dispassionate statesman.
But before reviewing the action for which
it is proposed to impeach the President in a
necessarily cursory manner let me call atten-
tion to the man himself. I must confess that
I have sympathy for him 011 account of his
origin. He is what we call a self-made man ;
a man risen front obscurity to the highestposi-
tion by the force of his native genius, and_ in
spite of the obstacles which surrounded him.
I might sav that he was compelled to fight his
way through life; all the time, as it were,
"wresting favors front fortune," not by means
of superior literary attainments, bat in spito
of them, and in defiance of those fine-drawn
sophistries which spring from the continual
use of cultivated intellectual weapons and arti-
ficial intellectual armor in the battle of life.
When Mr. Johnson entered the political arena,
in the arena of the profession which he chose
as his means of livelihood, he was compelled,
like the simple squire of old, to fight the mailed
knight armed with his sword and spear with
the quarter-staff or the rude bill-hook; he was
compelled to break through the guard of his
adversary by the sheer force of his resolute
will and indomitable courage. There is noth-
ing of the cunning of the conspirator by nature
or of the man whoso profession teaches him
how to break the laws by simply evading their
pains and penalties in Mr. Johnson. Ho is
evidently a man rugged almost to rudeness in
the honesty of his speech, and open and above
board in all his actions. He believed this
tenure-of-offiee bill unconstitutional. He re-
peatedly so declared. He vetoed it 011 that
ground. He thought he had a right to test its
constitutionality in the courts, and he went
about doing so in the only way open to him.
The terms of the law are such that he was
unable to test the legality of the bill before the
courts without (according to the lawyers on the
other side of this House and of the Senate)
exposing himself t,o impeachment. He could
not obtain a quo warranto without removing,
or attempting to remove, Mr. Stanton. But,
according to the lawyers, who must have made
this law especially with the purpose of entrap-
ping him, he could not remove Mr. Stanton,
even in form, without impeachment. Thus
was he left with this obnoxious man in his Cab-
inet, like a horse-leech upon the human body
while the hands of that body were tied, and
with 110 possible means of ridding himself of
him. Like a hungry dog whose fangs "stick,"
Stanton could neither he coaxed nor pulled
away from his prey. From the hour that the
Senate had reinstated him in his position, in
theteeth ofthe opposition of the President, who
could scarcely be expected to associate with a
skulking spy, to the present, he has remained
actually camped in the War Department, which
he has had guarded with a detail of tioopsfrom
the regular Army. Of late no one is admitted
into his presence except those who are con-
spiring with him to prostitute the Government
of the United States to a military despotism,
or a consolidated and centralized oligarchy,
part civil and part military—the civil portion
being controlled by the votes of negroes just
released from slavery and totally ignorant of
the rights and duties of freemen or of the laws j
necessary to regulate the interests and protect
the rights of a civilized people. Mr. Stanton's
continuance in the War Department is part of
the programme of the party that is determined
to retain possession ofthe Government by fraud
and even force. 1 have said that Mr. Stanton
could not be coaxed or driven out of the War
Office. General Sherman, for the good of the
country, consented (notwithstanding that he
despises the man and would have no communi-
cation with him except he considered the most
urgent necessities of state required it) to call
on Mr. Stanton and request him to resign. On
this subject he wrote to the President 011 the
18th of January, as follows:
"The General (Grant) proposed this cour=>o. He
will call upon you to-morrow, and ofi'cr to go to Mr.
Stanton, to say, for the good of the^service and of
tho country, ho ought to resign. Ihis on Sunday.
Oil Monday [will again call 011 jo a, ami, if you think
it necessary, I will do tho same—call 011 Mr. Stanton
and tell him to resign. If lie will not, then it will
be time to contrive ulterior measures."
General Grant, in his late correspondence
with the President, admits that he agreed with
General Sherman upon the propriety of Stan-
ton's resignation. He says on tins subject:
"On the 15th ultimo, in presence of General Sher-
man, I stated to you that I thnugld. Mr. Stanton
would resign, hut, I did not say that i would advi.*e
him to do so. On the 13th I did agree with General
Sherman to go and advise him to that course."
But why did not Mr. Stanton resign, as thus
requested'? Simply because the revolutionary
cabal would not let him. It would disarrange
their presidential programme. It would jeop-
ardize the interest? and even the existence of the
party. Accordingly the same men who forced
him to refuse to yield up liis poi tiolio to G eneral
Thomas forced him to turn a deaf ear to the
requests and entreaties of Generals Grant and
Sherman. No, gentlemen, it was all in \am.
General Grant and other members of his own
party coaxed him : General Thomas was sent
to put him out: but he was deaf as well to the
entreaties of the former as lo the demand
the latter. According, then, to the view of
the men who framed this law. the President
had 110 means of testing its constitutionality
except through the branch of the Government
which enacted if, and which is certainly an
anomaly in our legislation
Now, then, consider the natural character
and constitutional idiosyncraeies of Mr. John-
son when ■brought in uoutaet with sueh an ex-
traordinary act as this, levied, as it were, at
his own person, intended to fit his individual
case, and his alone; for it was never intended
it should apply to his successor, especially if
that successor is a Republican. He naturally
chafed under the act itself, but more at the
fact that such a person as Stanton, a man
despised by all respectable people not blinded
and warped by partisan prejudices, should be
forced into daily personal contact and inter-
course with him. Feeling as he did,was it any
wonder that he desired to test tile constitution-
ality of the law in the only way in which he
supposed it could be tested? In fact,was it not
just the way in which such a man as Andrew
Johnson would proceed to test it? I am only
surprised, judging from the President's ^past
history, that he did not procure a guard of sol-
diers, and, sending them with the newly-ap-
pointed Secretary, order them to eject, the old
with whatever force was needful for that pur-
pose.
'• But," say the advocates of impeachment,
"Mr. Johnson had 110 business to violate a
law of Congress; he should have gone to the
courts." Yes ; but, as I have shown, he could
not go to the courts. That way was blocked.
At the same time the President, backed by
every member of his Cabinet, who had given
their opinions on the subject, including the
President's legal adviser, believed and declared
this law to be unconstitutional. Mr. Slanton
himself denounced it as unconstitutional. De-
sirous, then, of legally tesring this law, and
having ihe opinions of the ablest legal gentle-
men in the United States that it was unconsti-
tutional, Mr. J ohnson found himself compelled
to appeal to the courts in the only way left open
1 to Inm, and that way was by the appointment
I of an u'l interim Secretary of War, ami by
1 directing him to demand of Mr. Stanton that
he yield up his portfolio to General Thomas.
And this is the head and front of the Presi-
dent's offending, no more and 110 less.
But, Mr. Speaker, though myself no lawyer,
I can at least read 'the history of the legisla-
tion of the country as respects tho constitu-
tional right of the President to appoint and
remove bis Cabinet miuisteis at will. Among
the earliest records on the subject of this light
is the act of Congress of August 17, 178'.), cre-
ating tho War Department and providing for
its administration. The second section of that
act says:
"That there slialt he in the said Department an
inferior officer, to be appointed by the said principal
officer, to be employed theicin as he shall deem
pioper, and to bo called chief clerk in (he Depart-
men t of "War, and who, whenever the said principal
officer shall bo removed fioin office by the President
ofthe United States, or m any other ease of vacancy,
shall during such vacancy have the charge and
custcdy uf ail veeoids, books, and papers ajipeitam-
ing to the said Department."
Now, sir. if this section docs not give the
President power to remove the Secretary of
War there is 110 force in language. Vi hat is
the moaning of tho words, "and who, when-
ever the said principal officer shall be removed
from office by the President of the United
blates ?" Thus, according to the words of the
original act creating the Department of V\ ar.
the President had full power of lenioval. Bn;.
Mr. Speaker, 1 find, by consult'mg the records
of the First Congress of the United States,
that (lie power to remove Cabinet officers was
not only believed to be, but declared t.o be,
vested in the President. On the 19th day of
, May, 178'J, the House of llepresentatives of
! the Congress of the United States being i" the
Committee of the Whole, Mr. Trim bull in 'he
chair, a motion introduced by Mr. Madison
was under consideration. Tho motion was as
follows:
" u. mlonl. That it is ihe opinion of this committee
that (her-  '>all bo established an executive Depart-
ment to be denominated the Department of foreign
