1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
172$
But the Senator stands here and tells us that
tlie honor of the country is involved in this
measure, that good faith is involved in it; and
I think he went so far as to say that he would
110 more vote to withhold this appropriation
than lie would withhold the daily wages of a
man who had wrought for him a day. Well,
Mr. President, I did vote to withhold thia ap-
propriatiou, and yet I think i should be as
reluctant to withhold a day's wages from a man
who had wrought for me during the day as the
Senator from Indiana. I think there is no
similitude between this proposition and the
one he makes. I think there is a moral obli-
gation as well as a legal obligation, the highest
and most sacred obligation, both in morals and
in law, on the part of an employer wno has em-
ployed the services of a man, and lias enjoyed
those services, when the services are rendered
to pay forthetn. But mild-mannered and mild-
tempered as is the Senator from Indiana, if he
had a man in his employ whom he found was
abusing, slandering, libeling him day after
day, and constantly, I think when the evening
came, although he would pay him for his ser-
vices up to that time, as the law demanded, he
■would himself find some way to discriminate
between his obligation to pay him for the day's
work he had rendered ami his obligation to
pay him for another day's work. Mild as he
is, temperate, forgiving, and tolerant as he is,
I think he would iind some autiiority in law or
Gospel, or both, to dispense with the services
of that man for the next day and for all future
days ; and if he did not lind any authority in
law or Gospel either, he would do it ail the
same ; and so would any man who had a proper
respect for his own character. This is all that
Congress has ever done with regard to this
minister, all it proposes to do—-not to with-
hold from him the pay for any services we have
asked him to render 
Mr. THAYER. Will my friend allow me
to suggest right there in support of his argu-
ment that if ilie employer notiiiedtiie employ^
that he would pay him no further compensa-
tion it would be a sufficient notice to the em-
ploye to quit, and if he labored afterward he
would do it at his own risk.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let me ask a question
in that connection, if the agent of the Senator
from Nebraska had hired a man for a term of
years and the man had a vested right in the
contract depending upon a certain contingency
which had not arisen, would he, in the mean
time, because of some little offensive speech
made, if that was not provided for in the con-
tract, refuse to pay him the money duo?
Mr. THAYJ3.it. If the Senator from Wis-
consin will permit me, I will ask the Senator
from Indiana if Mr. Harvey had a claim on
this office for a certain number of years? 1
never knew that a foreign minister or any other
officer had a claim to hold his office for four,
eight, or ten years.
Mr, HENDRICKS. lie had a claim, as the
courts have decided in analngous cases, an in-
terest, a property in the office, until his tenure
of that office was legally put an end to ; and it
could not be legally put an end to by an act of
Congress. Under the Constitution and laws,
it could only be by a removal. He held the
office during the pleasure of the President
when he was appointed; and thus holding the
office, while he held it, the salary which the
law said he should have was cut oif.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator from Nebraska
and the Senator from Indiana have got through
•with their discussion, I will go on with what 1
have to say.
I repeat that I think tliere is a broad dis-
tinction between withholding an appropriation
for services yet to be rendered and withholding
payment for services already rendered. Now,
to illustrate this distinction: the Senator from
Indiana in his discussion suggests the idea that
Mr. Harvey, the minister, is employed for a
term of years. I think not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not say that.
Mr. HOWE. I understood the Senator to
say so.
40tit Oono. 2T> Sr?!S,—KO. 109.
Mr. THAYER. I did, also. !
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; I said this: i
that he held the office according to the Consti-
tution and the laws, and he had a right to hold !
it until liis right to the office was cut oif accord-
ing to la,w.
Mr. HOWE. Beyond all question lie holds
tlie office according to the Constitution and
the laws; and he has a right to hold the office
under the Constitution and laws just as long
as he pleases until it is terminated in accord-
ance with the Constitution and the laws; and
we do not propose by act of Congress to pro-
hibit him from holding it just as long .as he
pleases. But the Constitution provides that
not a dollar can be paid to him except by an
appropriation of Congress. That, is one of the
provisions of the Constitution under which lie
holds his office. We cannot terminate his pos-
session of that office while lie continues in it,
but we can abolish the office to-morrow, if we
please. Nobody doubts that; and I take it, a
lawyer as astute and as acute as is the Senator
from Indiana will not argue here that he has a
vested interest in the salary of the office, but
no vested interest in the office itself; that we
can properly terminate the office, but that we
cannot lawfully withhold the salary from it.
The injury to liirn is the same; or, at least, the
injury to his private fortune is the same. In
the one ease there may also bean injury to the
public; it may be wrong to abolish the office,
and it may be entirely right to withhold any
encouragement from him to continue in the ]
office. The simple fact is that he is not bound
to stay there a day without his pay, unless he
chooses to do so. It is said that he has chosen
to do so heretofore ; and it may be urged that
he will clioosc to do so hereafter. I shall con-
sider it as a higher tribute to his pluck than
his good sense, if he does. But, sir, if, in view
of these intimations, the Senate recants its
action of last year and the year before, I shall
not say that it is not decent in the Senate, but
I shall not consider it as very conclusive evi-
dence either of the good sense or pluck of the
Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Indiana has reierred to the action of the
committee in a manner which makes it neces-
sary, I think, that 1 should say a word or two.
He thinks that the committee had ample
authority for making an appropriation for the
minister to Portugal in the tact that the House
of Representatives had authorized us to do so
by having made the appropriation itself. Now,
the Senator understands that the duty of the
Committee on Appropriations is to make ap-
propriationsforthe service provided for by law.
Was this provided for bylaw? The Senator
assumes that it was. Let, us sec. If so, he is
right and we were wrong ; we overstepped our
duty : if not, we are justified, and it is for the
Senate to say whether it will reverse tlie action
of the Committee.
How do these missions arise? The Consti-
tution authorizes the appointment, of embassa-
dors and ministers and consuls; but it is for
the Congress of the United States to fix the
compensation. I do not deny now, and it is
not necessary for my argument to deny, that at
some time the compensation was fixed by Con-
gress for the minister to Portugal. It was,
doubtless; but of course that compensation
was entirely at the discretion of Congress; it
could be changed at any time. Has it been
changed? The Senator will not contend that
the President had the authority to appoint and
fix the salary. The salary is fixed by law. I
agree that some time anterior to 1860 a com-
pensation was affixed to this mission, and that
by the law the minister was entitled to a com-
pensation ; but it has been changed. That is
my ground; it was changed in ltsViG; changed
by Congress acting distinctly on the question.
I will refer the honorable Senator to the act of
July 25. 18G6, in which will be found this lan-
guage :
"And no money shall bo paid to the present minis-
ter resident in Portugal out of uny fund whatever,
on account, of furthov scrvieo in b is office.'
Does not that settle the question? Is there'
any question open here what the law on the
subject is until that act is repealed? Has the
Committee on Appropriations.any authority to
make an appropriation for this officer? Did
not Congress in 18(>G say expressly to him " No
further compensation is to be paid to you for
services in that office?" None was made in
I860, and in pursuance of this law none was
made last year. Following this law, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations directed me to report
to the Senate substantially that there was no
law for this appropriation. So it, is, and it will
become necessary for the Senate, if they make
the appropriation, to repeal the act of 1666.
I submit to the Senate whether that is not
clear; and, if that is so, I submit that the com-
mittee have reported strictly in accordance
with law in proposing to strike out tlii3 appro-
priation and not to concur in the action of the
other House. Of course, in doing that, the
whole question is referred to the Senate. The
Senate may, undoubtedly, repeal the act of
I860; but the law now stands that this man is
not entitled to and shall not receive any further
compensation for any further service in that
office. That, I think, is a full answer.
Mr. TIPTON, (atfour o'clock p. m.) There
evidently being no quorum present, I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope not. I
think we have a quorum here.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The motion
to adjourn is not debatable.
The question being puL; there were vipon a
a division—ayes 5, noes 13; no quorum voting.
Mr. CONKLUnU called ior the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 desire to say that as it is
evident there is no quorum here, and there is
a question pending on which, inall probability,
there will be a division, it seems to me it i3 a
waste of time to go on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not debatable.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Corbott,
Ileiidi lcks, Boss, Suinner, and Tipton—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Colliding,Davis, Dixon,
FreJin^huysen, Jioive, Johnson, McCreery, Morgan,
Morrill ot Maine, ISyo, Biewait, 1'hayer, Trumbull,
"Wade, Yv'illey. iind Wilson—17.
ABSENT—MesPis. liayard. Cameron, Cattell.^Colo,
Cornices, Craxui, DoohUle, I>rake, Kdiauuda, enr,
Fessendou, Fowler, Crimea, Harlan, ^Henderson,
Howard, Momli of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Pat-
terson of Now Hampshire, Patterson ot Tennessee,
t'omeroy, Ilamsey, 8aulslniry, Sherman, Syrague,
Van Winkle, Williams, iind Yates—29.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
not a quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 7, 1868.
The House met, at twelve o'clock m., Mr.
Ashley, of Ohio, taking the chair as Speaker
pro temporet. Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev.
0. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Fouxey, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed House bill No. 678,
making appropriations for the payment of in-
valid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending June SO, 1809, with several
amendments, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
has ordered that the session of to-day shall be
for debate only as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MAYNARD. Would it be in order to
ask leave of the House in a matter of personal
privilege?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No, not to-
day.
