1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
not choose to aign or veto it, thus permitting
it to become a law without acting on it, or |
whether it was because he understood the bill ,
to have fallen. If he says the first, then, of i
course, it is plain, that both Departments ot the
Government regard it as a law, aud all that
remains is for the proper entries to be made in
the rolls of the Secretary of State. On the
contrary, if he understands the Constitution to
mean that every time we adjourn for three days,
or ten days, or whenever we skip any day,  nd
the tenth day in the passage of bills falls on
the day over which we adjourn, all our legis-
lation it is in his power to utterly defeat, I
entirely dissent from that doctrine, and I think
every Senator would on both sides. I cannot
suppose that the President entertains that opin-
ion, or that his legal advisers do. I believe,
therefore, that we shall ascertain upon inquiry
from the President in the form I have sug-
gested that he regards this bill a3 having
become a law by his not having had time to
act ou it within the period the Constitution
allows.
I should be sorry to pass any of these bills
over again and thus acquiesce in such a con-
struction of the Constitution. We are making
history by such conduct, and we shall be told
ten years hence, or those of us who remain
here, or those others who follow us, that the
construction of the Constitution has become
settled by the historic- action of the Govern-
ment, and therefore every time we adjourn
over a Saturday, and that Saturday happens to
be the tenth day, as it will be in a busy session
from the passage of some bill, that bill will be
at the mercy of the President. We ought not
to'commit ourselves to this.
Mr. SUMNER. I agree with the Senator
that we ought not to commit ourselves to any
such position; but I am inclined to think that
under the circumstances the better course will
be that the Committee on the Judiciary shall
receive the bill and ascertain, as that commit-
tee will in some proper way, what is its precise
condition. The chairman of that committee
can communicate, if he pleases, directly with
the Preaident and ascertain his view of the
Constitution as applicable to the bill, or he
may communicate with the Department of
State on the subject. We shall then have a
report from that committee which will enable
us to act with a perfect understanding of the
subject. I doubt whether the Senate at this
moment can see its way to adopt any resolu-
tion calling on the President for information
on the subject. I am inclined to think that
what the Senate does frnally should be deter-
mined by the committee.
Mr. DRAKE. In connection with this mat-
ter there is developed, in my judgment, a ne-
cessity for additional legislation by Congress
in reference to the authentication of bills, and
it is for the purpose of bringing that matter to
the attention of the Judiciary Committee that
I offer a few remarks now.
By referring to the volume containing the
acts of the second session of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress I find two acts purporting to be laws
without any approval of the President, and with
a simple note by the department of State in
these words:
" The foregoing act having been presented to the
President for his approval, and not having been
returned by him to the House of Congress in which
it originated within the time prescribed by the Con-
stitution of the United States, nas become a law with-
out his approval."
Now, sir, the inquiry may arise under either
of these acts what evidence there is that it is a
law of the land; and the first question that
would occur in that connection would be this:
what right has the Department of State to
make any such memorandum upon a bill
passed by the two Houses of Congress? I am
not aware of any existing law of Congress
which authorizes the Department of State to
make any such memorandum.
In the next place, what authentication is
given to this memorandum? There is no sig-
nature of the Secretary of State appended to it;
there is nothing which is to indicate that it is
anything more than a mere memorandum.
In the third place, when, if this does give
effect to the act as a law of Congress, dia it
take effect, for there is no date given here?
There is no statement here of the time when it
was presented to the President; there is no t
statement of the time when the law took effect, !
if it took effect at all. I
Under these circumstances, it seems to me
very plain that a great defect exists in the legis-
lation of Congress in not providing how a bill
which has been presented to the President and
not returned by him or signed by him shall be
authenticated as a law. It seems to me, sir,
that there should be an act passed which should
require the President to communicate to Con-
gress his approval of bills that are presented
to him, and if he does not communicate that
approval within a certain time then that the
Presiding Officersoftlie two Houses shall cause
the bill to be reiinrolled and certify the facts
which are necessary under the Constitution to
give it validity as an act of Congress. If this
matter is to go to the Judiciary Committee I
hope that they will look into this business and
see what further legislation is necessary in order
to enable the question to be decided when a
bill does take effect which the President neither
signs nor vetoes, for beyond all question, in my
judgment, it is absolutely the province of the
two Houses of Congress to decide that ques-
tion and no other body whatever. The Sec-
retary of State knows nothing of the legislation
of Congress except as the acts signed by the
President or otherwise authenticated are filed
in his office for preservation. He has no right
whatever to sign any certificate or to append
any certificate to a bill which will give it the
effect of law.
Therefore it is, sir, that I hope that when
this matter does come before the Judiciary
Committee a bill will be presented, if no law
on the subject exists now on the statute-book,
which shall put it in the power of the two
Houses of Congress to determine when a bill
becomes a law which has not been signed by
the President or vetoed by him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The act of 1789 on this
, subject provides that—
" Whenever a bill, order, resolution, or vote of the
Senate or House of Representatives, having been
jiliproved and signed by the President of the United
l States, or not having been returned by him with his
i objection, shall become a law or take effect, it shall
! forthwith thereafter be received by the said Secre-
[ tary"—
referring to the duties of the Secretary of
State—
"From the President."
And it then goes on to provide for such
things being recorded and kept in the rolls, so
that I rather imagine that the Secretary of
State was acting within the scope of his duties
as already provided by law when he received
i these bills from the President, entered them on
i his rolls, and made the certificate.
! Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I rather think
not. If the Senator from Vermont has read
the whole law, there is nothing there which
gives the Secretary of State authority to put
any certificate to the bottom of a bill. All he
has to do is to take the bill as it is sent to him
by the President and file it in his office.
Now, I do not see that there is any necessity
for controversy about this matter. Manifestly,
what we want to get at is that which shall be
an authentication of the fact that a bill has
become a law and the time when it became a
; law. Here are two apparent acts of Congress
i standing on the pages of the statute-book, and
the Senator from Vermont cannot, nor can any
other person, tell when these were presented to
! the President or became law by the failure to
receive his signature. The certificate does not
state it, and in my opinion they are neither
of them properly authenticated as laws. The
Secretary of State, as I said before, has no
authority to certify the fact, if the Senator from
Vermont has read all the law that bears upon
the subject. The authentication of the bills
should be by Congress, by the Presiding Offi-
cers of the two Houses under the direction of
Congress, and therefore it is that I wish that
the Judiciary Committee, looking into the mat-
ter in connection with the bill now before the
Senate, should see what is necessary in order
to give authentication to the acts of the two
Houses that are not approved by the President.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read a second time if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say a word
before the bill is read a second time in reply
to my friend front Missouri. I did not rise for
the purpose of defending the formality of the
Seoretary' s certificate. Whether or notit would
stand a plea in abatement or an objection in
court 1 do not know. If he has failed to make
so complete a certificate as to timeand circum-
stance and all that sort of thing as it was his
duty to make, if it was his duty to make any,
no legislation will help that, because he may
fail again.
But I rise now to say in addition that the
Secretary of State and the head of every
other Department in this Government who is
a recording officer is by law obliged, as an
essential and necessary part of his duty in
keeping the public records, whatever they may
be, to certify them. It is the certificate of
the officer whose duty it is to receive such
things and to act on them, which is proof of
the fact that he has acted at all in any part of
the scope of his duty, no matter what it may
be. Every lawyer must understand that-
Therefore, if it be by law, as it is, the duty
of the Secretary of State to receive a bill of
this description and place it with the other
laws of the United States which he is required
to receive, keep on file, and publish and cer-
tify to the publication, then it is a part of his
duty—an essential and necessary part of his
duty, one of the functions which give life to
the performance of any part of it—to certify
at the foot of every such thing the circum-
stances which give him jurisdiction over it, and
that certificate becomes a necessary and essen-
tial part of the thing itself. And that is not
confined to the Secretary of State. It applies
to every officer whose duty it is to act—every
officer from the clerk of a court up to the
President of the United States. It is not
necessary, therefore, in my judgment, in order
to give validity to the certificate of the Secretary
of State respecting the performance of an act
which the law requires him to do, that he shall
say in express terms that he has done it. That
is the only evidence that can be received in a
court of law or anywhere else that he has done
it. Hence this certificate is a necessary inci-
dent to the performance of the functions at
all; and the act of 1818, to which my col-
league has called my attention, providing for
the publication of the laws, requires that he
shall certify to the published laws.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 will suggest to the honor-
able Senator from Vermont that there is no
certificate here to these laws at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I said I did not defend
the form of the certificate.
Mr. DRAKE. There is a simple note by
the Department of State so printed, but noth-
ing certifying at all over the signature of the
Secretary of State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is there not a certificate
at the end of the whole of them?
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir ; there is nothing of
the kind. There is no authentication of those
two acts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, yes.
Mr. DRAKE. I will submit the book to the
Senator from Vermont. There is nothing hcie
but a note by the Department of State, so
called, without any signature of the Secretary,
without any official authentication.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know what par-
ticular publication this is.
Mr. DRAKE. It is the official publication.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think my friend has
handed me—I am sure he has—the publication
of laws that we have published for distribution
by Senators and members of Congress, aud it
