APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ■ GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Hotchhiss.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Affairs, at thehead of which there shall be an officer,
who shall bo appointed by thePresidcnt.by and with
the ndvicc and consent of the Senate, gnd to be re-
movable by the President."
Also a similar motion was made in regard to
a Treasury and a War Department. Mr. Smith,
of South Carolina, moved to strike out the
words ''who shall be appointed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate." He'conceived the words to be
unnecessary; besides, it looked as if they were
conferring power, which was not the case, for
the Constitution had expressly given thepower
of appointment in the words there used. Etc
also objected to the subsequent part of the par-
agraph, because it declared the President alone
to have the power of removal. Mr. Madison
thought there would be no injury in declaring
in the resolution the constitutional mode of
appointing the heads of Departments. "How-
ever," said he, '"if gentlemen were uneasyhe
would not object lo strike it out." The ques-
tion was then taken on striking out those words,
and carried in the affirmative. After this vote
the committee proceeded to the discussion of
the power of the President to remove this
officer. Mr. Madison, Mr. Clymer, Mr. Good-
hue, Mr. Smith, and others took part in the
debate. Mr. Smith took the present radical
ground upon the question, tie said he had
doubts whether the officer could he removed
by the President. lie apprehended he could
only be removed by impeachment before the
Senate, and that being once in office he must
remain there until convicted by impeachment.
Mr. Madison did not concur in this interpret-
ation, and took the ground that we Demo-
crats now take upon this subject. Among
other things he said "that such a construc-
tion of the Constitution would, in effect,
establish every officer of the Government on
the firm tenure of good behavior; not the
heads of Departments only, but all the infe-
rior officers of those Departments would hold
their offices during good behavior, and that
to be judged of by one branch of the Legis-
lature only on the impeachment of the other.
"If the Constitution means this to be the case
by its declarations we must submit, but I
should lament it," said he, " as a fatal error
interwoven in the system, and one that would
ultimately prove its destruction." "I think
it absolutely necessary," continued Mr. Madi-
son, "that the President should have the
power of removing from office ; it will make
him in a peculiar manner responsible for their
conduct, and subject him to impeachment him-
self if he suffers them to perpetrate with im-
punity high crimes and misdemeanors against
the United States, or neglect to superintend
their conduct." Mr. Madison concluded by
saying: "Of the constitutionality of this
declaration I have no doubt." Mr. Goodhue
concurred with Mr. Madison, as did also Mr.
Clymer. This gentleman said :
"The power of removal was an executive power,
and us such belonged to tho President alone, by the
expiess woids of tlio Constitution, which are: ' The
executive power shall be vested in a President
of the United States ot America.' The Senate was
not an executive body; they were a legislative one.
It wag true, in some instances, they hold a qualified
check over the executive power, but tha.twasin con-
sequcncc 'of an express declaration in tho Constitu-
tion ; without such declaration they would not have
bcen_ called upon for advice and consent in cases of
appointment. Why, then,shall we oxtend this power,
to eontrot the removal which is naturally in the Ex-
ecutive, unless it is likcwiso expressly declared in
the Constitution ?"
After a lengthy discussion by the members of
the House in the Committee of the Whole, the
question was taken and carried by a consider-
able majority in favor of declaring the power
of removal to be in the President. Thus the
declaration that the power of removal rests
with the President was made in the First Con-
gress of the United States seventy-nine years
ago. And it will be recollected that Congress
was composed in part of the members of the
Convention that had framed the Constitution.
They declared, after a full consideration of, and
a lengthy and free (not gagged) debate upon the
subject, that the President derived the power
of removal from the Constitution itself. What
is this, also, but an emphatic avowal and asser-
tion that Congress has no power to constitute
the Senate a judge or court to decide the ques-
tion of removal? Yet, in face of this avowal
of the fathers who framed the Constitution, and
for merely maintaining the principles therein
maintained, it is proposed to impeach the Presi-
dent, and to impeach him by a Congress which,
in this as well as in other numerous instances,
has been guilty of violating the express provis-
ions of the Constitution under the forms of
which it is proposed to try the Chief Magistrate
of the nation.
But I need not go back to the fathers of tho
Constitution, for 1 can show that the original
earthly father of the Radical party himself, and,
indeed, the original father of this whole im-
peachment movement, (the Speaker might rule
me out of order were I to designate it a con-
spiracy,) held precisely the same views as those
I have quoted from Mr. Madison and Mr.
Clymer, and held them no longer ago than the
year 1837. In that year he was a member
of the Pennsylvania constitutional convention,
and on the 13th of June thereof he made as
strong a protest against a proposition to restrict
the Governor in the appointment of officers as
ho now does in favor of restricting the same
power in the President. He said :
"Why talvo the appointment of tho heads of tho
Departments—the surveyor general, attorney gen-
eral, secietary of t.ho land ottieo, and auditor gen-
eral—from tho Governor? They are essentially a
part of his Cabinet. His own comfort and tho com-
foitof cnch of them, as well as the public interest,
require that there should bo perfect harmony and
unity of views and action among them. But if
you take the appointments from the Governor it
may, and probably often will, happen that he will
be of one party and entertain ono sot of princi-
ples and they bo of another party and hold entirely
opposite principles; discord and opposition must
then disturb their councils and injure the interests
of tho State." * * * * " It is far better
to havo jess efficient, public agoifts acting in friendly
conccrt for tho public good than to havo abler but
hostile men plundering tho public to provide moans
and tho instruments for carrying on acontost against
each other, founded on personal hatred or political
rivalry. Why vest the power of appointment in the
Legislature? Their legitimate duty is to enactlaws,
and not to appoint those who aro to execute them.
Sufficient inducements aro now held out to them to
mako thorn swerve from tho path^ of duty without
multiplyi ns tho temptations by placing the patronage
of this great Stato at their disposal." " *
* "• " TheGovernorandthoSenatqwould either
be of the same political or liostilo parties; if of the
same party tho Senate would bo no check upon tho
Governor, as thero would bo perfect concert before
the nomination, and therefore this supervising power
would bo useless. If they were of hostile parties,
constant and bitter collisions would exist between
them, which would greatly disturb the faithful dis-
charge of their other duties."
Are not these words of the father of this
impeachment movement prophetic ? Does lie
not faithfully predict and portray tho very evils
which this tenure-of-officelaw, enacted entirely
to subserve partisan purposes, have brought
upon the country? Has it notbrought discord
and disunion upon the country and into its
councils? Has it not raised up a host of "hos-
tile men plundering the public to provide the
means and instruments for carrying on a con-
test against each other, founded on personal
hatred and political rivalry?" Has it not mado
Congress "swerve from the path of duty" by
" multiplying the temptations" and by " plac-
ing the patronage of the State at their dispo-
sal?" Has it not created constant and bitter
collisions between the President and Congress,
which have "greatly disturbed the faithful
discharge of their other duties?" In fine, has
not this odious bill done all, and more, than
Mr. Stevens declared a similar provision would
do if incorporated into the organic act of the
State of Pennsylvania? Yet it is for a con-
structive violation of this odious law, the prin-
ciple of which was so terribly denounced by
Mr. Stevens in former days, that that gentleman
would jgnominiously bringtbo President of the
United States lo the bar of the Senate in order
that .he might be impeached for high crimes
and misdemeanors. It seems to me that Mr.
Stevens should rather say to the President,
"Well done, good and faithful servant of
the people, who has personally vindicated the
Constitution and maintained the law !"
But the advocates of impeachment charge
that even if the tenure-of-office law were un-
constitutional Mr. Johnson was not the judge;
that he is bound to obey a law of Congress
until it is declared unconstitutional by the court
of last resort. Now, admitting this to be so,
although it was contrary to the belief and acts
of one of the ablest Presidents of the United
States, General Jackson, the question comes
up did Mr. Johnson really violate the tenure-
of-office act when he appointed General Thomas
Secretary of War ad interim'i The first sec-
tion of that act reads as follows:
"That any person holding any civil office to which
he has been appointed by and with tho advice and
consent of the Senate, and any person who shall
hereafter bo appointed to any such office, and shall
be duly qualified to act therein, is, and shall be, enti-
tled to hold office until a successor shall have been
in liko manner appointed and duly qualified, except
as herein otherwise provided: Provided, That the
Secretary of State, of tho Treasury, of War, of tho
Navy, of tho Interior, the Postmaster General, and
the Attorney General, shall hold their offices re-
spectively for and during the term of the President
by whom thoy have been appointed, and for one
month thereafter, subject to removal by and with the
advico and consent of tho Senate."
This proviso only applies to heads of Depart-
ments, and says they shall "hold their offices
during the term of the President by whom
they may have been appointed, and for one
month thereafter." Mr. Stanton certainly
was not appointed by Mr. Johnson. Conse-
quently the proviso does not apply to him, and
the President is thus left free to act tinder the
law of August 7, 1789, creating the War De-
partment and providing for its administration.
In case of the death of the President, the Vice
President succeeds to the duties and responsi-
bilities of the President. The death of Mr.
Lincoln in 1805 closed his term of office and
opened or inaugurated that of Mr Johnson.
The contingency of the death of the President
fixes the duration of the Chief Magistrate's
office. This gives, then, the general term of
four years, and the contingent term from the
death of the President and the assumption of
the Vice President of the duties of the office.
They are both of them constitutional terms of
office, and have always been so recognized.
Mr. Stanton remained in office on sufferance.
Ho was not appointed by Mr. Johnson. His
term of office expired one month after the death
of Mr. Lincoln. So well has this been under-
stood that the Secretaries have always tendered
their resignations upon the occasion of the
death of the President. This was so in the
cases of Generals Harrison and Taylor, and
would be so in Mr. Stanton's case if the latter
possessed the honor of a gentleman, and if
tho radical programme did not call for his
retention of the War Department, honor or no
honor, law or no law. It was in tlio power of
Mr. Johnson to remove Mr. Stanton at any
time under the tennre-of-office law. So Mr.
Sherman and other gentlemen declared in the
Senate, and so Mr. Johnson believed was the
correct understanding ; so Mr. Stanton himself
repeatedly declared in Cabinet councils. When
the civil-tenure bill was passed by Congress
the President submitted it to his Cabinet. They
unanimously pronounced it unconstitutional.
The President, in giving his reasons for the
removal of Mr. Stanton, oil this subject writes
as follows:
"Every member of my Cabinet advised me that the
proposed law was unconstitutional. Ail spoke with-
out doubt or reservation, but Mr. Stanton's con-
demnation of ihc law was the most elaborate and
emphatic. He referred to the constitutional provis-
ions, the debates m Congress, especially to the speech
of Mr. Buchanan wlleu a Senator, to the decision'}
of the Supremo Court, and to the usage from tho be-
ginning ot the Government through every successive
administration, all concurring to establish the right
ol'rcmoval as vested bv tho Constitution in the Pres-
ident. To all these lie added tlio wei„'Ut of his own
