1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1731
increased from ^88,218,055 13 to $133,998,398 02, and
the iuncled debt has been increased $t>SG,58i,800."
That is to say. we are now paying m gold an
annual interest amounting to $87,440,288—
equivalent to nearly fifty millions in greenbacks
■—more than we would have done had not this
policy been pursued. It certainly involves no
extraordinary amount of financial skill to sell
six per cent, gold bonds, and seven-thirty cur-
rency notes. Neither does the buying of five
per cent, compound interest notes, and the
putting out of six per cent, gold bonds require
much ability. It is a paying business for the
holders of the currency debt—the national
banks, speculators, money brokers of the trad-
ing and commercial centers; but it is an ex-
pensive and losing operation for the Govern -
mentand the people. In short, Mr. McCulloch
is pntling this portion of the national debt into
such shape that the interest is being largely
increased, while it is absolutely necessary that
the taxes shall be lessened, and as a necessary
result the revenue be largely reduced. In the
face of all this, the Secretary desires to contract
the currency to an extent that will enable him
to resume specie payments on the first of Jan-
uary, 18G9. We would then have a debt bear-
ing six per cent, interest, in gold, of §2,400,-
000,000, and a debt bearing live per cent, of
$205,000,000, calling for an annual interest of
$164,000,000. Add to this $150,000,000 more
to pay the expenses of the Government, and
we have over three hundred millions a year to
meet, with a currency, coin and paper, of
aboutfive hundred millions. Our income from
customs, with even the present high tariff, can-
not be safely calculated at over one hundred
millions. This would leave $200,000,000 to be
obtained from a system of internal taxes. And
if the people, with §750,000,000 of paper money,
cry out against the present tax, what may be
expected when they shall be called on for
$200,000,000 a year in gold, and that, too, in
the midst of the distress which will be expe-
rienced if we hurry prematurely to specie pay-
ment?
Mr. Speaker, I have no idea, however desir-
able it may be, that we are in any sense pre-
pared for such a resumption. For myself, sir,
I am not. impressed with its necessity. Mr.
McCulloek's (and the banking and money-
broker interests ho represents) general policy
seems to include—■
First. The funding or payment of the bal-
ance of interest-bearing notes and a continued
contraction of the paper currency.
Second. The payment of the public debt in
gold, or, as he chooses to term it, " the main-
tenance of the public faith."
Third. The collection in the Treasury of a
large amount of gold, as a means of paying off
the non-interest-bearing notes.
Fourth. The liquidation of the debt by a
large annual payment, which will extinguish
it in the course of a short period of time.
Fifth. The issue of bonds, to be known as
the consolidated debt of the United States,
bearing six per cent, interest, and having
twenty years to run, into which all other obli-
gations of the Government shall, as rapidly as
possible, be converted ; one sixth part of tha
interest at each semi-annual payment to be
reserved by the Government in lieu of taxes,
or paid over to the States according to their
population, as a means of return to the pay-
ment of specie.
On the other hand, the financial situation
may be thus briefly presented :
1. A national debt of §2,600,000,000, of
which a little more than §375,000,000 are
greenbacks and fractional currency, and $2,-
000,000,000 are, or soon will be if the present
policy prevails bonds bearing gold interest,
mostly at six per cent.
2. A national bank currency limited to
$300,000,000.
8. A high tariff, the duties under which, pay-
able in gold, arc estimated at about thirty per
cent, of the invoice prices of the goods. These
duties, so far as needed, are pledged to pay the
gold interest on the fuuded debt,
4. An elaborate system of internal revenue
taxation, from which but few of our industries
and only our humblest incomes are exempt,
and the proceeds of which (currency) are de-
signed to meet the general expenses of the
Government.
5. An available balance in the Treasury of
about twenty million dollars currency and eighty
millions gold after paying the interest on debt
up to January 1 of the present year.
Sir, this Congress has already _ closed the
contraction account. The changing of the
debt payable only in greenbacks into bonds,
payable, according to the interpretation of the
bondholders and this Secretary—so facile in
their hands—in gold alonp, lias already re-
ceived the general condemnation of the coun-
try. It benefits no one except the banker and
speculator. It cheats the industry of the
country by draining its resources, through ex-
cessive taxation, into the hands of the non-
producing classes.
Mr. Speaker, a great deal is said about a
"redundant" and an "inflated currency,"
whenever men talk about the necessities of
business, the demands of enterprise, and the
depression of all industries by the system now
being pursued. I have endeavored to show
how largely the whole volume of currency and
coin in circulation is below the most moderate
per cent, needed to move forward the business
of the country. Let us look at the amount of
the currency debt, as shown by a late exhibit
of the Secietary of the Treasury:
Six per cent, bonds  $18,601,000
Compound notes (live per cent.)  OJ,A19,.'MO
Scven-tlmly notes ..  280,087,100
Threo per cent, certificates  12.8oo,U0U
Matured debt, not presented tor pay-
ment 
Greenbacks  j
Fractional currency 
Total  *780,604,280
Of this amount the greenbacks and frac-
tional currency, amounting to $387,142,457,
only need to be let alone ; and holders of com-
pound-iuterest notes which bear five per cent,
interest can profitably exchange them for three
per cent, certificates, the latter being preferred
by the banks.
Another item in Mr. McCulloch's plan is
the collection of large gold reserves wherewith
to pay off the legal tenders and other nou-111-
terest-bearing notes. Of that policy we have
certainly had sufficient, or what might be more
truly said none, for the gold collected by the
department lias been mainly used for the bene-
fit of the "Bulls and Bears" ot Wall street.
The Treasury has long enough served as the
gold brokers' exchange. The system pursued
hitherto has only succeeded in disordering all
values, and it has only benefited the fortunate
few who, being within the ring, would know
when the Secretary wis intending to sell.
Secretary McCulloch desires to liquidate the
debt within this generation. That is the plain,
matter-of-fact statement of this scheme for ac-
cumulating large amounts to make annual
deductions therefrom. I have no desire, Mr.
Speaker, to do any such thing. We have
borne the burden of the terrible struggle. W e
have given our best beloved to the sacrifice.
The land swells with the graves of the dead
who died for man. Wealthy money lenders
secured a bonus of §800,000,000 profit on what
they advanced the nation by payment of it in
a currency whose deterioration was secured by
their own operations. We wrote our own cur-
rency below par at their demands. We declared
that the interest should be paid in gold, while
the soldier who faced death as he went to the
field was paid his scant wages in greenbacks,
for the redemption of which all the values in
the nation were pledged. Perhaps we could
do no belter. But I demand for the people
that those who drove hard bargains out of
their necessities should receive only the letter
of their bonds. Let us equalize the burden.
Put the larger share on that future which is to
be so much benefited by our past and present
toil and sacrifice.
The letter of the bond—that is all the people
require: that is all they will give. The party
which tries to do more in the interests only of
the money-lender will go to the wall. W hat is
the letter of the bond? The act of February
25, 1862, by which the first $150,000,000 of
legal-tender notes were issued, says in these
words:
"And such notes, herein authorized, shall be receiv-
able in payment of all taxes,internaldutii'S, excises,
debts, and demands of every kind due to the United
States, except duties on imports, and for all claims
and demands against the United States of every kind
whatsoever, except for in terest upon bonds and notes
which shall be paid in coin: and shall also be lawful
money and a legal tender in payment of all debts,
public and private, within the United States except
duties on imports and interests as aforesaid."
"A lawful money" was thus created in which
every debt could be liquidated, except interest
upon bonds or duties on imports. The second
section of the same act provides for issuing
$500,000,000 of registered bonds—those known
now as five-twenties. How were they to be
paid? Here are the words of the law, and I do
not find a line as to the money in which the
principal shall be paid other than the lawful
money previously authorized:
"These coupon bonds arc to be issued to an amount
not exceeding 6500,000,000, payable in twenty years
from date, and bearing a rate of six percent., paya-
ble semi-annually."
The first section creates a "lawful money,"
making it a legal tender for all debts except
interest and import duties. Why, then, under-
take to force the law to another meaning?
No, Messrs. Creditors, we stand on the plain
intent and letter of the law. We should be
greatly wronged if any other rule was followed.
The bondholders who hold these five-twenties
have already grown wide on their investment
in the shape of freedom from taxation, premium
in the gold paid for interest, and especially in
the lact that they seldom paid more than forty
per cent, for their bonds.
Mr. Speaker, a great deal of talk is had
about speedy payment of national indebted-
ness. What we really need to do in the first
place is to secure to the industrial needs of the
land a stable circulating medium—enough in
volume to move business forward, and so earn
the means by which it must event ually be paid.
That "medium" is not to be found in £old,
yeaily becoming more and more an article of
trade, and having no intrinsic value outside of
art and mechanics but what an arbitrary rule
imposes. Gold may be used as the standard
of value, but must not be made the currency
itself. We need a circulating medium abun-
dant and uniform, having the confidence of tha
people, and not one which renders us tributary
to monarchical Europe and leaves our property
to be reduced in value every time Bismarck's,
Napoleon's, or Alexander's ambition may let
slip the dogs of war. Such a medium we had
in our "greenbacks."
The next step is to take the United States
securities out of the market as matters of trade
and make of them a matter of investment.
The proper position of Government securities
in the money market should bo that of stable
investment, and not of daily barter. We pay
by far too large an interest. 'The interest rate
might not have been loo great when the risks
of war were considered, but certainly with the
assured stability victory brought and the grand
material development opening before us we
can command on a funded debt much more
reasonable terms than those now paid. Let us
fund bonds into a fifty year consol, at the rate
of 8.05 per cent., a rate convenient for its easy
calculation, giving, as it would, one cent per day
on every hundred dollars. Let the five twenties,
which are to be paid by the terms of the law iu
"lawful money," bo paid as they ma.ure in
the money nominated in the bond, or give the
bondholder the choice of receiving the fifty
years' bond, bearing the beforenamed lnteiest.
So, as other forms of bonds lall due, let them
be transferred iti the same way. In ihis_ way
there could be a simple and economical fund-
ing system carried out. The attempt to tax
this generation tor the purpose ot at once pay-
