1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3779
is hereby repealed, no duty or tax imposed thereby
shall be held to cease in consequenc of such repeal,
until the respective corresponding provisions of this
act shall take effect.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend that
section by striking out the word "and" be-
fore ''continuing,'5 in the eighth line, and by
inserting after the word "continuing" the
words 44 and enforcing."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move further to amend
the section by striking out lines ten, eleven,
twelve, thirteen, and fourteen, as follows:
And for carrying out and completing all proceed-
ings which have been already commenced or that
may be commenced to enforce such fines, penalties,
and forfeitures, or criminal proceedings under said
acts, and for the punishment of crimes of which any
party shall be or has been found guilty.
And inserting in lieu thereof:
But this act shall not be construed to affect any
net done, right accrued, or penalty incurred under
former acts and every such right is hereby saved:
and all suirs and prosecutions for acts already done
i-n violation of any former act or acts of Congress
relating to the subjects embraced in this act may be
commenced and proceeded with in like manner ad
if this act had not been passed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the following amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Finance,
to be added to the bill as section one hundred
and five-:
Sec. 105. Andbeit farther enacted. That in any case
where there has been a refusal or neglect to pay any
tax imposed by the internal revenue laws, andwhere
it is lawful and has become necessary to seize and
sell real estate to satisfy the tax, the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue may, if he deems it expedient,
direct that a bill in chancery be filed, in a district or
circuit court of the United States, to enforce the lien
of the United S[atcs for tax upon any real estate, or
to subject any real estato owned by the delinquent,
or isj wnich he has any ri?ht, title, or interest, to the
payment of such tax. And ail persons having hens
upon the r^al estate sought to be subjected to the
payment of any tax as aforesaid, or claiming any
ownership or interest therein, shall be made parties
to such proceedings, and shall be brought into court
Hd provided in other suits in chanceryin said courts.
And the said courts shall have, and are hereby given,
jurisdiction in ail such cases, and shall, at the term
next after such time as the parties shall be duly noti-
fied of the proceedings, unless otherwise ordered by
the court, proceed to adjudicate all matters involved
therein, and to pass upon and finally determine the
merits of all claims to and liens upon the real estate
in question, and shall, in all cases where a claim or
interest of the United States therein shall be estab-
lished, decree a sale, by tho proper officer of the
court, of such real estate, and a distribution of the
proceeds of such sale according to the findings of the
court m\ respect to the interests of the parties and of
the United States.
^ he amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
Sec. 106. And be it further enacted. That the inter-
nal revenue laws imposing taxes on distilled spirits,
fermented liquors, tobacco, snuff, and cigars, shall
be held and construed to extend to such articles
produced any where within the exterior boundaries
of the United States, whether the same shall be
within a collection district or not.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have several amend-
ments to propose now, mostly of a verbal
character that are not printed. In line five
of section three, on page 4, I move to strike
out the word u or" before " starch," and after
"starch" to insert "molasses."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 9, afterthe word
"business," in line three of section seven, I
move to insert "after the passage of this act
and on the 1st day of May of each succeeding
year."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 11, inline thirty-
four of section eight, before the word "con-
ditioned," 1 move to insert " such bonds shall
b«."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In line twelve of section
seven, line ten of section eight, and line thirty-
seven of section eight, I move in each case to
strike out the words "this act" and insert
" law."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 13, I move to
strike out all of section t«n after the word
" provided," in line twenty. The words to be
stricken out are:
And, in like manner and under like restrictions
and provisions, there shall bo ascertained, recorded,
and reported, the capacity of every establishment
now existing, or th;ir. may he hereafter commenced,
for redistilling distilled spirits.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 15, after the
words "carried 011," in line nine of section
twelve, 1 move to insert "nor within six hun-
dred feet from premises authorized to be used
for rectifying."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 19, before the
word "spirits," in line eighteen of section
sixteen, I move to insert " low wines or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. After the word con-
denser," in the next line, I move to insert,
"back to the still or doubler, or forward."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 30, section
twenty-three, I move to strike out, in lines four
and five, the words, "and shall be immediately
removed into the distillery warehouse at the
end of line five to strike out the word "and
and after the word "proved," in line six, to
insert "and marked," so as to make the sec-
tion read:
That all distilled spirits shall be drawn from the
receiving cisternsinto casks, each of not less capacity
than twenty gallons wine measure, and shall there-
upon be gauged, proved, and marked by an internal
revenue gauger. &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In line ten of the same
section, after the word "shall," I move to
insert "be immediately removed into the dis-
tillery warehouse, and the gauger shall."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 39, in lines nine-
teen and twenty of section twenty-eight, I move
to strike out the words " on all money ac-
counted for by him for tax collected on dis-
tilled spirits.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 49, in line two
of section forty-two, after the word "distill-
ery," I move to insert "nor distilling appa-
ratus."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 56, in line
twenty of section forty-eight, 1 move to insert
tho words "and sold," after "manufactured;"
and in the same line, after the words 1' put up,"
to insert " and sold." •
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 73, at the end
of section fifty-five, I propose to insert:
And whenever in the opinion of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue any distillery or other ware-
house shall become unsafe or unfit for use, or tho
merchandise therein shall for any reason be liable to
loss or great wastage, the Commissioner may discon-
tinue such warehouse, and require that the mer-
chandise therein shall be transferred to such other-
warehouse as may be designated by him within such
time as he shall prescribe. Such transfer shall be
made under the supervision of the collector, or such
other officer as may be designated by the Commis-
sioner; and the expense thereof shall be paid by the
owner of such merchandise; and if the owner of such
merchandise shall fail to make such transfer within
the time prescribed, or to pay the just and proper
expense of such transfer, as ascertained and determ-
ined by the Commissioner,such merchandise maybe
seized and sold by the collector, in the same manner
as goods are sold upon distraint for taxes, and the
proceeds of such sale shall bo applied to thepayment
of the tax due thereon and the costs and cxpense«of
such sale and removal, and tho balanoe paid over to
the owner of such merchandise.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. On page 79 I move to
strike out the clause which has been agreed to
in regard to retail liquor dealers, and substi-
tute for it the following:
Retail dealers in liquorsshall pay twenty-five dol-
lars. Evcrv person who shall sell or offer for sale
foreign or domestic spirits, wines, ale, beer, or other
malt liquors, and whose annual sales, including tho
sales of other merchandise, do not exceed twenty-five
dollars, shall beiegarded as a retail dealer in liquors.
The amendment was agreed to:
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to offer an amend-
j ment striking out fifty cents and inserting two
! dollars as the tax on whisky per gallon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not quite through
. with the amendments of the Finance Com-
I rnittee.
i Mr. CAMERON. Then I give way for the
< present.
| Mr. SHERMAN. On page 85, in lines
; seven and eight of section sixty-one, I move
j to strike out the words " except snuff, which
may, at the option of the manufacturers, be
put up" and insert " or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Inline seventeen of sec-
tion sixty-one, on page 86, I move to strike
out " can be" and insert " has."
The amendment was agreed to.
' Mr. SHERMAN. In lines six and seven
of section sixty-seven, on page 93, I move to
strike out the words, " the manufacturer's
name and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In section eighty-nine,
line four, page 114, I move to strike out" con-
clusive" before "evidence" and insert "prima
facie."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer an amendment
now to come in at the end of the bill:
Anil be it further enacted, That all provisions of
this act which requires any use of revenue stamps
for denoting the tax thereby imposed, shall take
effect at the end of sixty days from the passage ot
this act: Provided, That if at any time prior to the
expiration of tho said sixty days it shall be shown
to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Treasury
that a longer delay is necessary tor the preparation
and duo delivery of any such stamps, he sha,U be
authorized to fix a day not later than the 1st day
of December next for putting said provisions, rela-
tive to the use of either ot such stamps into opera-
tion, and shall give public notice of thedny so fixed
and determined upon, which day shall then be held
and taken to be the timo when that portion of this
act which requires the use of revenue stamps lor
denoting the tax'thereby imposed, shall have effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I believe, all the
amendments of the committee have been acted
on except those on pages 59 and 60 to section
fifty, which were passed over informally last
night. I ask that they be acted on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments to the fiftieth section which were passed
over will now be considered.
The Chief Ci.krk. The Committee on
Finance propose to insert as part of section
fifty before the word " that:"
That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall
have power, whenever in his judgment the necessi-
ties ofthe service may require, to employ competent
persons, not exceeding fifty in number,at any one
time, whose term of service shall continue at the
pleasure ofthe Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
who shall perform such duties and at such places as
may be required of thom by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, at a rate of compensation to be
determined by the said Commissioner before the
commencement of his employment,.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have been looking at
that amendment and the other amendments m
that section, and my opinion is that to adopt
the amendment will be injurious. It is a
change from the provision made by the House
of Representatives, which, 1 think, is much
better. To understand it you will have to look
back a little. The House provided in the
preceding section, on page 57 :
That the Secretary of the Troasury, on the recom-
mendation ot the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
shall appoint oneofficer for each United States judi-
cial district to be called asuporvisor of internal rere-
i nue on distilled spirits and tobacco, whose duty
!i it shall be to reside in such district and keep his
'j office, &c.
i The Committee on Finance have changed
! that, and I think have changed that section for
I the better. Instead of confining it to supervis-
ors of distilled spirits and tobacco in each
| judicial district, they have provided for the
! appointment of a specified number of general
| supervisors of internal revenue. It is quite
i obvious that you do not want a supervisor of
i distilled spirits and tobacco in every judicial
| district, for there are many judicial districts in
| the United States where no spirits are distilled,
j and no tobacco grown. Therefore that pro-
