2756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
schedule A during the last year, when it yielded
more than ever before, was $2,116,000. Now,
the chairman of the committee has shown you
that under his bill at the very lowest possible
estimates of income you are to have a surplus
of $46,000,000. Hitherto you were to have no
surplus, and you raised an excess of $120,-
. 000,000 each year. Start out with aiming at
$46,000,000 of surplus and during the year with
the incoming tideof prosperity you willfind that
you have needlessly assessed §140,000,000 of
taxes. I will not enumerate the provisions of
that section. You will find them on page 171
embraced in section one hundred and sixteen.
I have been told by collectors of internal
revenue that more penalties are incurred by
the tax on gold watches than on any other
article. More men are made to feel that your
laws inflict unjust penalties on this subject than
on any other. I have heard of an instance of
a conscientious widow who, learning subse-
quent to the day on which the tax should have
been paid, that there was such a tax. went and
reported that she had live daughters, each of
whom had a gold watch, and had a special pen-
alty imposed on each by reason of her consci-
entiousness. The taxes .are frequently col-
lected in a manner to make the law as odious
as possible ; and if a Republican, or the wife
or daughter of a Republican complains, the
answer is, " My party is not responsible for it;
we did not make the law. AVhy do you not
get (he Republicans to remedy the annoyance
of which you complain' And I trust the Re-
publican majority in this Congress will remove
all these fruitless but annoying taxes. Sir,
all the taxes named in schedule A have in no
one year paid one percent, of the income; thev
have never reached more than eight tenths of
one per cent, of the income. In the report
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
to which I have referred, you will find the
figures set out, and the nearest they have ever
come was seven and ninety-six thousandths
of one per cent, of the annual revenue. Why
make our taxes so odious for the sake of swell-
ing in so slight a degree the surplus revenue by
penetrating inquisitorially into the secrets of
every maiden lady and widow woman in the
land, and inquiring whether she can consci-
entiously swear that her old carryall is not
worth $300?
Again, sir, it occurred to me that the com-
mittee, believing many of these taxes to be
unduly heavy, have hoped to enforce them by
extreme penalties. Thus in section sixty-nine
it is provided:
"That if any distiller, rectifier, wholesale liquor
dealer, compounder of liquors, distiller of oil, brewer,
or manufacturer of tobacco or cigars shall omit, neg-
lect, or refuse to do or cause to be done any of the
things required by law in the carrying on or conduct-
ing oi his business, or shall do anything by this act
prohibited, it there be no specific penalty or punish-
ment imposed by any other section of this act for the
neffleeting, omitting, or refusing to do, or for the
doing or causing to be done, the thing required or
prohibited, he shall pay a penalty of $1,000; and, if
toe person so offending be a distiller, rectifier, whole-
sale liquor dealer, or compounder of liquors, all dis-
tiuea spirits or liquors owned by him, or in which he
'"i3 Spy interest as owner, it he be a distiller of oil
, ™ „ m s distillery, andif he be a manufac-
turer ot tobacco or cigars all tobacco or cigars found
Statesn,'anu y'Sha11 be forleUed t0 the United
What, sir! if his youngest errand-boy com-
mits an error of that kind, if some of his ser-
vants be suborned, if any of his agents do what
ought not to be done, or omit to do what the
law requires, are you to forfeit liis whole stock?
I trust tue committee will at least insert the
words "willfully and designedly," so that for
a mere accident the entire stock and business
of a man may not be confiscated, or he bo sub-
jected to litigation.
Would my strength permit I would gladly
consider some other provisions of the bill
But, sir, I have presented the main views that
impress me. They are, in the first place, that
the bill, even ,as modified by the suggestions of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Me,aps, i>nd the reduction of the tax on whisky
to seventy-five cents, offers a bribe of many
million-dollars to a ring organized throughout
the country and knowing its men in every
city, county, and State—a bribe of enormous
amount to tempt bad men to perjury, conspir-
acy, and fraud ; and I trust that the tax will
be reduced to a point which will make it cer-
tain that molasses whisky cannot be niade with
proiit.
Preclude the use of that imported ingredient,
which may be distilled in any cellar or attic,
and compel distillers to use grain, and you will
secure to the officers of the revenue a chance
to discover frauds, punish swindlers, and con-
fiscate illegal goods. And I ask gentlemen
while considering this bill to carry with them
the proposition that the true standard of esti-
mate for the receipts of the next year, and the
true object at which to aim in making assess-
ments, is simply to provide for the payment of
the interest on the public debt and the current
expenses. They may be assured that if they
will make ample provision for these objects,
they will provide the means to pay from forty to
seventy millions of the principal of the public
debt, as our receipts always largely exceed the
Commissioner's estimates.
I have not the strength t,o stand while I
analyze the figures I noted as they fell from the
lips of the chairman of the committee. If I
had I could, I think, make a 'perfect demon-
stration of my proposition from the materials
he has furnished. But, thanking the members
of the committee for the attention they have
given me, I leave the work in their hands,
with confidence that it will be faithfully done.
Mr. ALLISON obtained the floor, but yield-
ed to
Mr. CULLOM, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particu-
larly the special order, being the bill (H. R.
No. 1000) to reduce into one aetandto amend
the laws relating to internal taxes, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
INDIAN AFi'AIKS WAR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1152) to restore
the Bureau of Indian Affairs to the Department
of War; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
.10I1N C. ISttECKINlUDGi;.
Mr. MILLER. 1 ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution :
Whereas it has been published in the newspapers
that John C. Breckinridge has had assurances irom
the Administration which induced him to return to
the United States : Therefore,
Iteaolved, That the President be, and is hereby,
directed to inform the House if any such assurance
has been given to that notorious traitor John C.
Breckinridge, or any inducement that he will eseape
the due punishment for his treason.
Mr. BLAINE. The resolution should read
"requested'' and not '• directed."
Mr. MILLER. I will modify it in that
way.
Mr. OrETZ. T object to the resolution, for
I do not think there is anything in it. [Cries
of'!Oh, no!" and ''Let it go !'"] Well, I
withdraw the objection.
No further objection being made, the reso-
lution was agreed to.
IjEAYK Ob" ABSENCE.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Raker on account of the sickness of his
child.
CIUKGE3 AGAINST A JIKMBEK.
Mr. POLAND. I rise to a question of
privilege, and submit a report from a select
committee, and move that it be printed.
Mr. DONNELLY. I ask that the report
be read. •
The report was read, as follows:
'£he gelect comroittoe appointed under a resolution
of the House of May 4,18G8, to investigate certain
charges made by Mr.ELinuB. Washeurne, a mem-
ber of the House irom. the State of Illinois, against
Mr. Ignatius Donnelly, a member ot the Houseirom
the State of Minnesota, as set forth in the preamble
of said resolution, submit the following report:
The committee gave due notice to Mr."W Abtfburne
and Mr. Donnklly that they would meet on the 14th
of May to eater upon tho investigation directed by
said resolution and requested their attendance. The
committee met on said 14th of May, and were at-
tended by Mr, "Washburne and by Mr. Donnklly
and his counsel. The committee met on several
subsequent days by adjournment from time to time.
It was conceded by both the above-named gen-
tlemen that the charges made by Mr. Washburne
against Mr. Donnelly upon the floor of the House,
as set forth in the preamble, were withdrawn in the
House'by Mr. Washburne in a manner satisfactory
to Mr. Donnelly, so that the only remaining duty
of the committee was to investigate the charges con-
tained in Mr. Washbuene'S letter, which is copied
at length in said preamble. At a meeting of the
committee, held on the27thof May, Mr. "Washburne
submitted a communication in writing to the com-
mittee of that date, which is hereto appended.
In said communication Mr. "Washburn*: ohiimad
that in his published letter there was not intended
to be, and was not, contained any charge against
the official character or conduct of Mi. Donnelly
as a member of the House, and that the deduction
from the language of his letter that he charged Mr.
Donnelly with bribery and corruption, stated in
the preamble, was unwarranted.
This avowal on the part of Mr. Washburne was
acceptcd as satisfactory by Mr. Donnelly as to all
the statements in Mr. Wasfiburn'E's letter bearing
upon his character and conduct as a member of the
House, so far as not to require an investigation by
the committee. There remained, then, for the con-
sideration of the committee only that portion of Mr.
Wasiiburne's letter charging Mr. Donnelly with
disreputable conduct many years ago, and prior to
his election as a member of the House.
In the preamble to the resolution directing this
investigation it is said that Mr. Washburne charged
Mr. Doxnklly with being a fugitive from justice,
which implies th*.t he fied to avoid arrest .lad pun-
ishment tor some crime. In the opinion of the com-
mittee this deduction of the preamble is hardly war-
ranted by the language of the letter that "heleir Phil-
adelphia undersuspiciou&circuinnances between two
days." We spend no time, however, upon this, as
it is not material to our conclusion. The charge is
opprobrious and imputes to Mr. Donnelly disrepu-
table and dishonorable conduct, so thut tti^ um* of
such language upon the floor of the Hou>e would be
disorderly and a breacnot the privileges ot the il<>u.-e
and of Mr. Donnelly as a member. Mr. Wash-
burne, in his written communication above referred
to, and also verbally before the committee, stated
that he did not appear before the committee as a
prosecutor, and declined to assume tho affirmative
of attempting to substantiate his charge against Mr.
Donnelly by proof.
On behalf of Mr. Washburne It was claimed that
the charges or statements in the letter having reh-r-
ence to the conduct and character of Mr. Do.nnlllY
anterior to his election to Congress were no breacu
of the privileges of the House or of Mr. Donnelly
as a member, and that thcretore tho House had no
proper jurisdiction to direct an investigation as to
their truth or falsity, Mr. Donnelly constantly and
persistently urged upon the committee that they
should proceed to investigate the truth or ialbity of
the allegations against him, and avowed his entiro
willingness to assume the affirmative, and to disprove
them, and to pay the expense of witnesses lor that
purpose, and in reply to the argument ot Mr. Wash-
burne, that there was no such ease of broach of privi-
lege as would justify the House in ordering such
investigation, both Mr. Donnelly and his counsel
P,r cd that that Question had already been settled by
the House in the passage of the resolution, and that
■ the committee were bound to proceed and Lear hts
| ftnd that whether in strictness the k-tter
; ox Mr. W ASUBURNEwas a breach of privilege or nor,
he was entitled to the opportunity to vindicate his
' reputation and character from unjust attitck^upon it.
Air. W ashburne further stated to thucommittee that
though he declined to appear to sustain the ailhma-
tion oi the charges against Mr. Donnelly, and
claimed that they furnished no sufficient ground of
jurisdiction tor such an investigation, still he did
not withdraw his charges, and ii tho committee
ueoicied to go forward he should claim the right to
produce evidence io reply to Mr. Do.vxrr.lt. and
endeavor to establish thetruth of all hehad alleged.
^ lue committee have endeavored to give the s-ub-
jee-t such careful and considerate attention a 5 it de-
serves, and while anxious to do exact and equal
justice to both the gentlemen interested in it they
have been equally anxious not to establish a prece-
dent that should go bejond tho pioper legal and
pauiamentary^ jurisdiction and authoritv of this
liouse in sustaining and protecting its own pri vilegos
anu that oi its members.
And especially have your committee desired n*t
u> go beyond the true line of privilege in a case
where a precedent once established would necessa-
ru> turnish occasion for frequent and perplexing
appeals ior the exercise of the power of the Hou>o
tor the deiense and protection of the reputations of
Us members from attacks having no reference to
tneir official character. Upon such confederation
ana examination as >*our committee have boon able
f ciuestion theyareunanimouslyofopinion
tnat the charges of disreputable conduct (or of trim-
in at conduct, if the language will bear that in ternret-
atton) made by Mr. ashburne against Mr. Don-
