1868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
we may increase the amount of cotton which we
usually export from this country, to repossess
ourselves of the cotton markets of the world.
My l'riend from Vermont says that we shall
make as much money on half a crop as on a
whole croo. Possibly ; but then it would not
be true that we could undersell cotton raised in
India. Brazil, and Egypt, and so regain the old
cotton markets of the world, which we have lost
during the war; and it seems to me a matter
of great importance that we should repossess
ourselves of those markets.
Gentlemen say here that we have lost the
monopoly of (lie cotton markets, and that it
must remain from us forever. I do not see that.
11 seems to me that is admitting that slave labor
is cheaper and more profitable, on the whole
and in the long run, than free labor, which I
am not willing to admit. It may be so for a
short period, but on the whole it is not, because
free labor maintains the fertility of the soil oil
which the crop is grown; free labor is more
enterprising, and will secure four or five bales
ofcotton where slave labor will secure but one ;
and so it will happen that though the cost of a
free laborer may be greater than that of a slave,
still free labor is cheaper on the whole on
account of the greater amount of cotton raised
and on account of the continued fertility of the
soil on which the cotton is raised. So, sir, it
seems to me that there is no danger of our losing
the markets of the world simply because we
have abolished slavery and adopted free labor
in the place of slave labor.
Then again, sir, as has been stated, we need
an increased amount of cotton to take the place
of.gold to pay for the imports which are com-
ing into this country. If we would ever return
to specie payments and-to a specie currency
this seems to be of the last importance.
But, sir, it is sometimes said that simply
because the southern people are starving there-
fore we should take off this tax. Now, if that
were true simply of the rebels it would have
but very little force on my mind; for I call to
mind the men who perished at Andersonville,
sixty thousand of them, with frenzied eyes and
gnashing teeth, tottering to their graves under
the persecution of this rebel power. And if
none but rebels were at stake I should not be
influenced very much by that argument; but
it is our own friends, men who fought in our
own Army who have gone South, and the man-
ufacturers of the North that are suffering from
this tax.
My friend from Vermont stated that by
keeping the tax on we would be likely to
secure a multiplication of industries at the
South. I hardly see the force of the argu-
ment. It seems to me if we want to sell north-
ern manufactures at the South we must give
to the southern people something to purchase
with. So long as they are unsettled, so long
as they have no money, they certainly cannot
purchase northern manufactures. It is idle
to say that the southern people do not pay as
much tax as the northern people in propor-
tion to their population and their means. If
they do not consume as much as the people
of Vermont or New Hampshire or Massa-
chusetts in proportion to their numbers it is
simply because they have been impoverished
by the war and cannot purchase. If a man in
Georgia purchases a steam engine or a spin-
ning jenny or any "Yankee notion," he has
to pay the tax upon that, for the tax generally
falls upon the consumer and not upon the pro-
ducer ; therefore, if we would secure a market
at the South, let us encourage, by removing
this taxation, the southern people to the pur-
chase of northern manufactures.
But, sir, I would not have this a permanent
removal, for I do not feel the force of the argu-
ment which has been urged here that a product
of the soil cannot be taxed. What is the prin-
ciple involved ? As it is laid down in the books
it is simply that the increase of population is
a national good ; it tends to the promotion of
wealth; it tends to the promotion of national
power and prosperity; and the increase of
population is just in proportion to the elieap-
349
ness and the quantity and the quality of food;
and, therefore, food or breadstuffs should not
be taxed. That is one principle. The second
is that the wealth of a people is somewhat pro-
portioned to its manufactures, and that the
prosperity of manufactures depends on the
cheapness of the raw material that enters into
the manufacture, and therefore the rawmaterial,
such as cotton and hemp, and perhaps wool
might be classed among those raw materials,
shoald not be taxed simply because we wish to
encourage manufactures.
Now, sir, I do not think it follows exactly
that because cotton is taxed therefore wheat
must be taxed, for they rest upon a different
f basis altogether. The necessity of food for
the sustenance of life and to the increase of
population is paramount to the necessity for
the raw material which enters into manufac-
ture. So I do not think it follows as a matter
of course that because cotton is taxed there-
fore wheat should be; by no means. But in
either case there is no abstract principle under-
lying either proposition. It is simply a ques-
tion of national policy; and whenever the
credit of the nation, whenever the life of the
nation, comes in conflict with matters of national
or Governmental policy, that is paramount, and
cotton or wheat or any other product of the
soil may and should be taxed. There is no
abstract principle about it; it is simply a ques-
tion of national policy.
It seems to me we should take just that
course which will throw-northern capital and
northern enterprise into the South. They
are now waiting to go there, would be glad to
go there, if the South would suffer the rebel
States to be reorganized. Why should we keep
this tax on simply as a matter of punishment
of the southern people ? If we are going to pun-
ish them let us punish them in some proper way,
and not by indirection. I prefer very much
hanging and shooting people to punishing
i them by any such indirect method. Let us take
I that course which will throw northern capital
i and northern industry into the southern States,
i Half measures will not do. Half measures
: will block and baffle individual enterprise and
will stand in the way of our national prosperity.
The resources of that southern soil will never
, come forth and take the forms of wealth and of
' beauty until the powers of industryin that peo-
ple are removed from the scramble of politics
and thrown into the channels of peaceful in-
dustry ; and it is our duty to see to it that that
country is reorganized in its industry if we
cannot immediately reorganize its political
institutions; and I believe it will be the most
powerful method of securing political reorgan-
ization to secure a reorganization of its industry.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, my friend from
New Hampshire stated an ugly truth for the
eastern mind, but it ia nevertheless true, that
slave negro labor is'-cheaper than free negro
labor. Every man who has ever operated in
the raising of sugar or cotton in the South
knows the fact, and I will tell my honorable
friend now why it is so 
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. The
Senator will allow me to correct hini. I think
he mistakes entirely what 1 said. I believe I
said that free labor in the long run was cheaper
and better than slave labor.
Mr. DAVIS. My honorable friend's position,
at any rate, was that it was contended that
slave negro labor is cheaper than free negro
labor. I say it is so, and the experience of the
whole South proves it, and I will tell my honor-
able friend why it is so. The negro is naturally
indolent and improvident. In the northern
States, where there are but few negroes and the
white people all around them are industrious,
the negro is forced to work because he has not
a lazy society to allure him from work; but
whenever you put negroes in the South and
make them the one half of the population, and
they have a society to themselves, the nature
of the negro then is to labor only so far as i3
absolutely necessary for bread and raiment.
It ia very unpleasant and repulsive to gentle-
men who contend for the equality of the races,
for negro suffrage, and for negro civil and social
rights, to have such a statement as this made ;
but it is true, -and every man who has any
correct and extensive information in relation
to the matter knows it to be true.
Mr. President, I have an intimate friend who
was a planter in the South. He owned two
plantations. He had about one hundred and
fifty slaves upon one and about one hundred
and eighty upon the other. His business was
broken up. He commenced a year or two ago
operations upon one of his plantations, and
hired the best hands from the two places. He
engaged about one hundred and twenty laborers,
as he informed me, and never at any time could
he get more than eighty laborers actually into
the field. The others were shirking, as they
term it in the South. Whenever you give the
negro as much as he can eat and a scanty sup-
ply of clothes, as a general rule, where he con-
stitutes a large portion of the population he
will not work. I know it, sir. In the State
of Kentucky we had near two hundred and
fifty thousand slaves when the emancipation
measure went into operation. Those free
negroes are not now performing one half the
amount of labor that they did in a state of
slavery, and they never will again.
Now, I will state to my honorable friend,
for whom I have the greatest respect, another
reason why free negro labor is not so productive
as slave negro labor. When they were all
slaves they were forced by their owners and
the overseers to work. All who were in health
were obliged to work moderately day in and
day out. Now none work but those who
choose; and very few of the women choose
to work at all. ■  I have a friend in my county
who rented a plantation or two in the-South,
and he hired free negroes who had wives 
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will allow
me, I should like 
Mr. DAVIS. Just let me get through. I
do not consent to the interruption.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. I was only going to
inquire 
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have the floor,
and the Senator must wait till I get through. I
was not addressing myself particularly to the
honorable Senator from Kansas; I was leak-
ing to the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire through the President of the Senate. I
was telling him that I have a friend in my county
who rented a plantation, and he hired negroes,
agreeing to give them a portion of the crop.
Most of the negro men had wives, and all the
wives refused to go into the field. Every man
who knows anything about cotton-planting
knows that in hoeing time and in picking time
a brisk, alert woman can do as much work as
any man. All the amSunt of labor which was
formerly rendered in cotton production by the
females is almost absolutely lost, because, as
a general rule, they now refuse to go into the
field. This friend told me this other fact: they
prepared the food for his hands; and this food
was placed in position for his hands to eat; and
they had to establish a guard over the food to
prevent the women from eating it up. He gave
the men enough; but the women would not
work, and they wanted to be fed and clothed
without work.
My honorable friend says-that if the south-
ern people would just permit their States to
be reorganized all would go on smoothly and
prosperously. My view about that matter I
can state briefly. My honorable friend's sec-
tion of the United States constitutes a great
community, and in some of the attributes of
greatness there is no greater community and
never was in any land that the sun ever shone
upon. In manufacturing invention and skill,
in enterprise and industry of all kinds, in the
pursuits of trade upon the sea, and in the fish-
eries, the Yankee has no superior. Now, 1 ask
my honorable friend if he does not believe
that that people are the best and most compe-
tent people in the world to manage their own
affairs and their own interests. Yes, sir; they
