1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8781
discharging people and fixing tlieir pay; so
that I think there is 110 constitutional difficulty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. None at all. This is
nothiiig but an employment, not an office.
Mr. SHERMAN. 80 I said last night; but
these learned lawyers thought there was some
. grave constitutional question. I think reflec-
tion must convince anybody that the power to
employ persons temporarily in the discharge
of the duties devolved on an officer may be
confided to that officer, and it is not necessary
to have those persons appointed by the Presi-
dent and Senate, or by the President alone,
or by the head of a Department, or by a court
of law.
If there is no constitutional objection to con-
ferring this power upon the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, there are many reasons why
it ought to be conferred upon him, and not
upon the Secretary of the Treasury. The Com-
missioner of Internal Reveuue is charged with
the important duty of enforcing the revenue
laws; the power of the Secretary is simply
supervisory. It may be vitally important to
give the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
power to detect offenders, even without the
knowledge of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The Secretary of the Treasury is a political
officer, more or less affected by political influ-
ences, and disposed to appoint persons to office
for political reasons. If a detective applied
to the Secretary of the Treasury for office, he
would have to show that his political opinions
were those of that great officer in position at
the time. In order to make his application to
the Secretary, he would have to be right 011
political issues. But if the Commissioner of
Internal Reveuue, having a suspicion of fraud
or collusion in any collection district, or desir-
ing to watch the conduct of any subordinate,
was at liberty, without consulting any one, to
just say to Mr. Pinkerton or any one else,
'•You go and follow out this suspicion of
mine ; see whether there is any ground for it;
do whatever is necessary to detect it, and I will
pay you a liberal compensation dependent on
the character of the service," it might be of
great advantage to the Government.
That power ought to be exercised, and it
seems to me that the number of these em-
ployes is not too great under all the circum-
stances. Still, if the Senate think fifty are too
many at any one time, they can reduce the
number. Even if the Senate think it important
to keep these revenue inspectors in certain
districts they ought to furnish the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue with these agents
to follow up the system that is proposed by this
section. At present the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue has not a single officer having
his entire confidence, whom he can appoint
and set to work in the discharge of this duty.
The special agents and revenue agents are not
appointed by him, but are appointed upon po-
litical influence. There are now three or four
hundred of them scattered over this country
that do not do much else than attend to1 polities.
This bill wipes them out, dispenses with them
entirely. By another law the number of gen-
eral revenue agents was entirely unlimited, but
by this bdl they are abolished. Not one of
thsese persons can now be called upon by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue to perform
this important duty, because they are all ap-
pointed either for political reasons or for local
reasons as local agents.
As this is a divisible amendment, I trust the
Senator from Maine will first allow the ques-
tion to be taken on the first clause.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator has con-
vinced me—in fact I made no opposition to it—
of the wisdom of putting it into the power of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to em-
ploy these detectives; butaccording to his own
showing they are only needed on special occa-
sions. When the Commissioner thinks there
is necessity to investigate affairs in any one
district, he sends an agent he can trust. That
is very well; he should have that power; but
those things do not occur every day. and there-
fore it strikes me that the numberol' fifty at one
time piesupposes that there is to be fraud
going on continually of an enormous character
all over the country, and that he must have a
large force of detectives. It strikes me that
if he were limited to a less number it would
answer the purpose, though of course if you
have a good officer he will not use any more
than he wants, and so no harm will come by
providing for fifty. But the Senator will per-
ceive, and the Senate must see, that these men
are only to be used on special occasions to hunt
out particular frauds, and they are to be sent
from Washington for that purpose. It is well
that there should be such a class of officers;
but they do not make up for the constant vigi-
lance and supervision of officers who are on
the spot. The small leaks are constantly oc-
curring and it needs vigilance and care to guard
against them. These detectives can know noth-
ing about them and can find out nothing about
them, whereas a vigilant and careful local offi-
cer on the spot, looking at the manner in which
the collector and assessor perform their duties,
and looking up the sources of revenue can ren-
der very great service to the Treasury. I (speak
of that from some little personal knowledge,
for I have known of cases where they have
been of great value. You get men that are
shrewd, men that devote a certain portion of
their time to that business, what is necessary,
and they get their four dollars a day. You
can find shrewd men who are willing to take
that., and who do.
Under these circumstances, while I am per-
fectly willing that as many of these detectives
to be at the command of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue as he may need, shall be
granted to him. and approve very much of that
idea and certainly do not design to make any
opposition to it, yet I say, it will not do, un-
less you mean to leave all chances of small
leakages open, not to be looked after, which
in the end amount to a great deal, to dispense
with the local inspectors; and asl suid before,
it is quite evident that the House of Represent-
atives did not mean to dispense with them.
They perceived the necessity of having them
still kept. Undoubtedly the number will bo
very much diminished, when you have ap-
pointed thegaug'ersand storekeepers and super-
visors for whom this bill provides. The prob-
ability is that the committee were led to
strike them out from the consideration that
they were legislating in this bill for nothing
except liquor and tobacco. That is nominally
so; but by changing the whole phraseology of
these sections as the Committee on Finance
propose, they dispense with all these other offi-
cers who are needed for other things, a sepa-
rate class entirely. Whatever the Senate may
do with the first amendment to the fiftieth
section, I hope they will strike out the other,
which dispenses entirely with the local inspect-
ors, for I am satisfied that many of them are
exceedingly useful and that as a class they are
necessary to be kept.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Maine ask for a division of the question?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; the amend-
ment as it stands is an amendment proposed
by the committee. I express the hope that it
will not be adopted. I had thought of propos-
ing to limit the number; but if the committee
say that they are satisfied that even if you keep
the local inspectors there ought to be as many
as fifty of these agents I will withdraw any
opposition and yield my judgment to that of
the committee who have examined the subject.
My impression is that the Commissioner can-
not want as many as fifty at any one time to
investigate matters in different parts of the
country, because they are to investigate only
particular cases for which they are sent.
Mr. SHERMAN. In regard to the number
I will say that it was fixed after full conference
with Mr. Rollins. Ho thought fifty might
sometimes he useful. Sometimes two or three
may have to be sent off on the same errand.
As a matter of course they will not be em-
ployed unless their services are required.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; I make no
objection to the number.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I have a
few words to say in regard to this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator if
he will not let us dispose of this section.
Mr. CAMERON. I would rather not. 1
have beer, waiting for an hour and a half U
get au opportunity to say what little I desire
to say, and I think I may as well do it now as
at any other time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have been waiting
here all day to get a chance to have this ques-
tion settled.
JMr. CAMERON. To satisfy the Senator I
will begin my remarks by reference to the
motion now before the Chair, and by saying
that I agree perfectly with the Committee on
Finance as to the machinery for collecting the
tax on whisky. I think it was very well gotten
up by the Committee of Ways and Means of
the other House, and was in very good shape
when it was passed by the House ; but the
Finance Committee of the Senate have per-
fected it to a great degree, and have made
great improvements 011 it. Hitherto one great
trouble in collecting the tax 011 whisky has
been in the means provided for doing it. Now,
the difficulty I have with this measure is not
in regard to the mode of collecting the tax,
but it is with the bill itself.
Mr. President, I cannot give my consent to
the proposed reduction of the tax on whisky,
from two dollars to fifty cents per gallon. The
arguments in favor of such a reduction are
forcible, but they are not convincing to my
mind.
From the beginning of the whisky frauds it
has been the custom of dishonest distillers to
place about one eighth of the amount manu-
factured in bond, with the intention of aban-
doning that portion to the Government. It
was nut possible, even for the "whisky ring,"
to steal all the tax levied, and this bonding of
a small part of the manufacture was the result
of shame rather than of duty to the. Govern-
ment. By abandoning a fraction, whenever
payment became necessary, the pretext waa
secured for ^swindling the revenue of die tax
on the remaining seven eighths boldly thrown
011 the market, and that proportion of the tax
was openly stolen from the Treasury.
Mr. Sciiexck, the chairman of the Ways
and Means Committee of the House, gives
the amount of whisky now in bond at more
than twenty-live million gallons. The Gov-
ernment now has a legal lien of two dol-
lars per gallon on this whisky, amounting to
$50,000,000. By this bill we deliberately
forego our legal rights to §1 40 on each gal-
lon of this whisky. By reducing the tax to
sixty cents we make a present of $40,000,000
to those who have been constantly and sys-
tematically robbing us. Would it not be
wiser to adhere to the two dollar tax, and
realize the $50,000,000 now due, or, when the
proper time arrived, confiscate and sell this
twenty-live million gallons at the market rate,
and so secure $37,500,000, or about twice as
much as has over been paid in one year from
this source of revenue, which should pay us
$200,000,000, and to that extent relieve the
honest industries of the country.
It is claimed that an increase of revenue
will follow a reduction of this tax as proposed
in the bill before us. I doubt this very
seriously. Whisky can be produced, l am
informed, for forty cents per galioa. The
proposed tax of fifty cents is one hundred and
twenty-five per cent, of the cost of production,
i believe it is much more. But I take the
figures as I find them. The amount annually
distilled is, say, one hundred million gallons.
On this vast amount a tax of fifty cents per
gallon is enough to excite the cupidity of the
rogues who have been defrauding us, ana
enough to satisfy even the greed of the " whisky
rin "." For if, under the reduced rate, we
