1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1738
Mr. BLAINE. The questions involved in
paying oft' the five-twenty bonds, Mr. Chair-
man, are surrounded to a considerable extent
with gratuitous misrepresentations of heated
partisans, and to no small degree, I fear, with
honest misapprehensions on the part of those
who desire the maintenance of the public credit
untarnished and inviolate. Having addressed
the House at some length on this subject at the
opening of the session, I desire now to add a
few words by way of appendix and possibly
of explanation of some errors which are in-
dustriously disseminated through the country.
First. Many persons seem to imagine and
many Democratic papers have deliberately
stated that a proposition has been made in
Congress to pay off the five-twenty bonds in
coin at this time, while gold commands aheavy
premium over greenbacks. And on this ground-
less premise many honest-minded men wax
exceeding wroth, and cry out with proper in-
dignation against the bondholder having gold
when the pensioner, the soldier, and the day-
laborer have to take greenbacks for what is
due to them. Now, to all persons afflicted with
this error, let me say that no man in Congress
has been fool enough or knave enough to pro-
pose that the five-twenties be paid in gold a
single day before the greenbacks shall be paid
in gold likewise. The man who holds a green-
back holds the Government obligation to pay
in gold just as much as a man who holds a
five-twenty bond, and it would be just cause
of complaint if the Government should antici-
pate the payment of the five-twenties iu gold
before it is ready to pay the greenback in gold
also. The first series of the five-twenties will
not fall due until May, 1882, more than four-
teen years from this time. Long before that
date is rpaclied we shall be on specie-paying
basis, and every holder of a greenback will be
able to secure gold for it at his option, and
then there will no longer be any objection to
paying the bondholderin gold also. Nor, in-
deed, on the other hand, will the bondholder
then object to being paid in greenbacks, as
the two kinds of currency will then be con-
vertible ard coequal.
Second. Those who clamor for paying off
the five-twenties in greenbacks at this time, on
the ground that money which is good enough
for the pensiouer, the soldier, and the day-
laborer, is good enough for the bondholder like-
wise, seem to forgot that the process by which
they would so easily get rid of the bondholder
involves most destructive consequences to the
pensioner, the soldier, the day-laborer, and
every other person who owns, handles, or uses
greenbacks. It is palpable and admitted that
the five-twenties cannot be paid off in green-
backs without a very large inflation of the cur-
rency, and to inflate the currency is to render
each particular dollar worth so much less, to
rob each particular dollar of its purchasing
power to the precise extent that the inflation
is carried. And if this inflation be carried to
the §300,000.000 of new and additional issue
advocated by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler,] in his elaborate speech a
few weeks since, the result must be ruinous
and distressing in the extreme to pensioners,
soldiers, day-laborers, and all other classes
whose means are limited. Indeed, with the
amount of inflation named, I confidently be-
lieve that the classes of citizens to whom I
have l-eferred and all others similarly situated
would be deprived in effect of nearly one half
of what they now receive. To my mind no
more ingenious and certain way of robbing the
class who have small fixed incomes or who
work for daily wages could possibly be devised
than to pay off the five-twenty bonds in green-
backs, procured by an additional and inflated
issue. On the other hand, if no mischievous
delusion of this kind be resorted to, we shall,
without any further contraction of the currency,
and without any financial convulsion, grav-
itate steadily and safely toward specie pay-
ment. We shall thus, without diminishing the
present volume of greenbacks, be continually
enhancing their purchasing power, making
the money of pensioners, soldiers, and day-
laborers far more valuable to them, month by
month and year by year, and in the end render a
paper dollar the full equivalent of a gold dollar.
Then, when the Government shall be paying its
greenback creditor in gold, there will certainly
be no objection to paying the bondholder in
gold also; and no one proposes to do it a day
earlier!
Third. Does any sane man doubt that the
inflation of the currency would speedily result
in its depreciation? If so, he shuts his eyes
to the prominent facts of history, to our own
experience as a nation, and to the plainest
deductions of common sense. An excess of
irredeemable money at once raises the price
of all commodities necessary for daily con-
sumption. Clothing becomes higher and food
becomes higher without a corresponding in-
crease on the part of those of limited means to
purchase these articles. The rich can stand it,
but what would become of the poor? The man
who lives by his daily toil would find the neces-
saries of life run up in price far beyond any
increase ho could hope to secure for his labor;
and it would soon become a struggle for exist-
ence with him and his family. I do not think
any imagination can picture or foretell the
misery that would be inflicted on this coun-
try if the currency should be inflated to the
extent necessary to pay the five-twenties in
greenbacks, as advocated by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] and the
gentleman from Ohio, not now a member of
this House, [Mr. Pendleton.] And in this
connection I desire further to say that it is an
immense delusion to attribute any of the dull-
ness now prevalent in business circles to a
scarcity of money. We have over seven hun-
dred million dollars of paper money now in cir-
culation, nearly three times as much as the
entire bank circulation of the United States
prior to 1861, while it is quite notorious that
the money markets in our chief business cen-
ters were rarely known to be easier, or more
abundantly supplied than during the whole of
this winter. Moreover, business of all kinds
in France and England at this time is far duller
than with us; and yet, in both those countries
the plethora of money is in excess of what was
ever known before. The Bank of France alone
holds a surplus of $200,000,000, a nd a corre-
sponding amount is held in the bank of Eng-
land, and by the large banking houses at
Frankfort on the Main. In view of these facts
it seems to me that no delusion is so absurd as
to suppose that any relief could come from an
inflation of the currency. Misery, wide-spread
and hopeless, would be its only and inevitable
result.
Fourth. Nor do I see how any gentleman can
consistentlypropose an inflation of thecurrency
in the face of an express and solemn pledge to
the contrary by Congress. When the Govern-
ment was very hard pressed for money, and
when the great fear was that our whole finan-
cial fabric like the continental system of our
revolutionary ancestors, might be utterly and
hopelessly ruined by a deluge of paper money,
Congress, by deliberate enactment of June 30,
1804, pledged to all the public creditors that
" the total amount of Treasury notes issued
or to be issued should never exceed $400,000-
000." We are now within $-10,000,000 of
that amount, and if we were ever so eager to
pay off our five-twenties in greenbacks we are
absolutely estopped by the $400,000,000
pledge. If we disregard that pledge wc might
just as well trample on others and take a short
cut, at once to repudiation and national bank-
ruptcy. A Government that will disregard one
solemn pledge cannot expect to be trusted on
other pledges.
Fifth. Being thus estopped from procur-
ing greenbacks by an additional issue, where
else can we secure them for the purpose of
paying off our five-twenty bonds at this time?
We have no surplus in the Treasury available
for this purpose, and there remains but one
resource, and that is to secure them by taxa-
tion. But do the people desire at this time to
be taxed for the purpose of anticipating the
payment of a debt which does not fall due for
more than fourteen years to come ? The gen-
eral, I may say universal, demand from the
people is for a reduction of taxes to the lowest
point consistent with a rigidly economical
administration of the General Government ;
and, for one, I am in favor of the repeal and
removal of every tax that can possibly be dis-
pensed with—especially those taxes that hinder
and embarrass the manufacturing and product-
ive industry of the country. With the taxes
thus reduced we can certainly hope for no
surplus to apply to the redemption of the five-
twenties, and it would seem to me an intolera-
ble burden and an inexcusable folly to lay
taxes on the people at this time for the purpose
of anticipating the payment of a large portion
of the entire national debt. It is enough, in
all conscience, to pay the interest; and it seems
little short of madness to propose levying taxes
for the purpose of taking IVom the pockets of
the people a sufficient amount of greenbacks to
anticipate the payment of a large share of the
principal I
Sixth. There is in the United States to-day
an amount of gold and silver coin variously
estimated at from two hundred and fifty to
four hundred and fifty million dollars, every
cent of which is as useless for purposes of a
circulating medium as though it were all buried
in the depths of the ocean. To inflate the cur-
rency is to increase the premium on gold and
vernove it still further from sight. But if wa
do not destroy our currency by a wild inflation
we shall, within a brief period, reach a point
where paper will be the equivalent of gold, and
then this vast amount ot' specie will at once
spring into circulation. There is no danger of
inflation from an excess of gold and silver,
because the laws of export and of supply and
demand resulting from our commercial inter-
course with other nations will always maintain
a justequihbrium in the matter of a specie cur-
rency. The danger of inflation, with its mani-
fold and multiplying evils, arises only when we
have an irredeemable paper currency, which
cannot be used to pay a single dollar that we
owe abroad, and whose permanent existence is
an anomaly—at war with all the interests of
commerce and trade. As soon as we reach the
point where the Government is able to paygold
for its greenbacks we shall thereby and at once
call the whole mass of gold, now so securely
hoarded, into the channels of circulation, to
quicken industry and give stability to our finan-
cial system. Is not that a far better and wiser
course than to inflate our currency by a forced
attempt to anticipate the payment of our five-
twenties, and thus launch our whole country on
a wild career of paper money, in which specu-
lators will make enormous fortunes, and in
which rich men will uniformly grow richer, but
in which the poor will be ground down to abso-
lute beggary, the men of moderate means de-
prived of their resources, and the day laborer
be utterly unable to subsist on the fruit of his
toil? This era of speculation, with all of its
evils, would bo the direct result of that policy
which clamors to-day for the payment of the
five-twenties in greenbacks—the greenbacks to
take care of themselves when they have done
their work of financial ruin—leaving us a bank-
rupt people with a dishonored debt and a de-
based, unredeemed and irredeemable currency.
The other policy, which I have done my utmost
to support and uphold, is to pay both bond and
greenbackingold—not now, but in our own good
time—and not to pay the bond in gold until
after the greenback shall be paid in gold like-
wise. In other words, the policy which I advo-
cate is to bring our entire currency in due
season, without haste, without rashness, with-
out contraction, without financial convulsion,
up to the specie standard; calling into circu-
lation the vast amount of gold and silver which
now lies hidden and buried—having all our
business conducted on a safe and secure basis,
when labor shall meet with its full reward,
when every man will know what he is dealing
in and how much he is worth, and when tha
