350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
are the most competent of all. This is my
experience and it is my reflection. It is the
conclusion I have arrived at both from reflec-
tion and reading that any community, however
organized and whatever may be its leading
interests, is more competent and better quali-
fied to manage its own concerns than any other
people are to manage them for it. But it is
one of the weaknesses of this Yankee nation
that they not only believe truly that they can
manage their own affairs better than any other
people, but they have reached the conclusion
that they can manage the affairs of all other
people in the universe a great deal better than
those other people can for themselves. In that
they are mistaken. If the honorable Senator's
friends, political and social, and the governing
power in Congress had just let the South alone
after the surrender of the armies of Lee and
Johnston and let the white people and the
negro population there have worked out their
own salvation, to use an old phrase, and to
have established social and industrial interests
between themselves, the country would have
been delivered a year or eighteen months or
two years ago.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
from Kentucky allow me a word?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; I do not recognize
the Senator at all. [Laughter.] Now, sir,
if the northern people would just keep their
spoons out of the southern dish and let the
men who live there, and who are acquainted
with the ingredients that compose it, mix it,
stir it, and prepare it for themselves, negro
and white man, I tell him that in a very few
months the South would be restored. The
white people of the South have accepted the
freedom of the negro. There is no fact more
fixed or immutable than that the negro of the
South will always be free ; but he will never
work while your Freedmen's Bureau and
special appropriations by Congress will feed
and clothe him. As a general rule no man
will work voluntarily. It is under some coer-
cion that every man works. That is essen-
tially the nature of the negro. He will never
work except "upon compulsion," as our
friend Falstaff said, and that compulsion
having ceased to be in the form of the owner
and the overseer he must now feel that he
cannot eat or cannot clothe himself or cannot
have shelter without work. That is the con-
dition in which he will be in the future, and
the sooner he is made to realize that condition,
to feel it, and to feel that inexorably upon
him, the sooner and the more effectively will
he go to work. If my honorable friend from
New Hampshire could just be induced to take
the same view of the condition and interests
of the southern people that he would of his
own section if his own section had been in
rebellion and had been Subjugated, as it might
have been in the war of 1812 afid since, and
act toward the South as he knows and feels
and comprehends by everything that he does
know would be the wisest policy for his own
section of country under the same circum-
stances, I think that there would be more of
political wisdom and foresight in the proceed-
ings of Congress and of this Government than
there has been.
No, Mr. President, you must repeal your
Freedmen's Bureau, cease to appropriate mil-
lions and tens of millions of money annually
to subsist a lazy negro population whoareable
to work but who will not work because they
are fed from the stores of the Government.
Leave the white man of the South and the
black man of the South to themselves. They
understand their situation. They have been
born and have lived in that region in a state of
mastery and slavery, and they are to live in it
now with the negro a freedman. They are
infinitely more competent to settle and adjust
their relation of freedman and owner of land
upon proper principles and with a regard to
mutual protection than ail the Yankees that
ever lived or ever will live. If gentlemen would
just persuade themselves to let this people have
the regulation of their own affairs I am satis-
fied that in a very short time the wisdom of that
course would be demonstrated to their own sat-
isfaction.
Some Radicals from my own State have gone
into the cultivation of cotton, and they are as
radical as any members of the Senate. The
Senate may be assured that I feel no particular
interest in them; but I do not want my neigh-
bors, Radical as they are, to go into a ruinous
culture of cotton, and upon that ruinous cul-
ture to have imposed a tax of two and a half
cents a pound. I know three gentlemen of the
blackest Radical stamp who went into the cot-
ton country last year, and their actual loss has
been between sixty and seventy thousand dol-
lars. These gentlemen and all the gentlemen
I know from Kentucky or from the northwest-
ern States—and I happen to know a few from
the northwestern States—that have gone into
the cultivation of cotton have generally gone
into it upon a principle of partnership with the
negro, the negro being entitled to receive so
much of the crop.
The honorable chairman of the Committee
on Finance showed us a few days ago that this
tax amounted to about twenty-five per cent,
of the present price of cotton. The negro has a
third, or fourth, or some portion of the crop—
say it is a fourth. What is your tax upon
his fourth? This friend of mine expected to
raise six hundred bales; his crop has been
actually one hundred and thirty. One fourth
of this belongs to the negroes—such of them
as worked in making the crop. I suppose the
forty or fifty that shirked do not get any part
of it; they should not have any; and they will
betake themselves to the Freedmen's Bureau.
Then thirty-two bales and a fraction of this
crop would go to eighty negro laborers ; and
when this meager support for that number of
freedmen comes to them you propose to tax
the negro's portion of it twoand a half cents a
pound, or twenty-five per cent. Is that your
friendship to the freedman? If it is, he may
well exclaim, " The Lord deliver me from my
friends!"
Mr. President, time tests all things. Time
will prove and is proving to the negro that the
best and most steadfast and most reliable friend
he has in the South is his old master. He will
establish with the negro more just, more lib-
eral, and more remunerative relations than the
negro can establish with anybody else.
At the time when a prominent aspirant for
the presidency made his tour into the southern
States the work of reconstruction by mutual
agreement between the negro and his former
master commenced and was working well. All
that is now necessary to do is to get back to that
point; repeal the act establishing the Freed-
men's Bureau; repeal your reconstruction
acts; repeal all your intermeddling with the
internal concerns of the,southern States, and
leave the people of the South, white and black,
to work out their own fortunes, and they will
do it infinitely wiser and better and more for
the interest and protection and security of the
negro than ever Congress can.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I think the
trouble in the South is not that the negro will
not work, but it is that the old governing class
of masters and owners have now got to work to
make a living. The Senator from Kentucky
harrows up our feelings and makes us all sorry
that slavery has been abolished by stating that
the negro wojnen now refuse to go into the cot-
ton fields and hoe cotton ; since they have been
made free they think so well of themselves
that they refuse to do that work. He says fur-
ther that the old masters are the best friends of
the slaves. That is easily established by the
fact that the old masters are constantly proving
that the negroes are naturally lazy, idle, and
vagabondish ; that they have no morals ; that
they are incapable of education, and that their
normal condition is that of slavery, because
they are continually opposing the advancement
of the negro, civilly and politically, and lament-
ing that he cannot be restored to his normal
condition—that of a slave. The Senator says
the trouble is that the people of the North will
not keep their spoons out of the southern
dish 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to say that I did not express any
regret at all at slavery being abolished.
Mr. MORTON. That is certainly the force
of the Senator's argument all through.
Mr. DAVIS. Then the Senator miscon-
ceives it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Indiana give way to the Senator
from Kentucky for the purpose of explana-
tion ?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly. I do not follow
the Senator's example in doing that; but I
will do it.
Mr. DAVIS. If I had misconceived a gen-
tleman and he had asked me to allow him to
explain I should have yielded for that pur-
pose. But I took no such position as that
which the Senator assigns to me. On tho
contrary, I have always expressed my entire
satisfaction and acquiescence in the total and
final abolition of slavery.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, while I will
allow the Senator to state his own position on
that subject I cannot allow him to speak for
the white people of the South; for I believe,
as I stand here to-day, if they had the political
power they would restore slavery to-morrow in
every southern State, Kentucky not excepted. -
But, sir, the Senator further says that if the
people of the North would keep their spoons out
of the southern dish, and not intermeddle with
southern affairs at all, but let them manage
their affairs in their own way, we should have
reconstruction, and our troubles would all pass
away. Certainly this is a very reasonable prop-
osition? That people down there have just
shed the blood of half a million loyal men
who were fighting to preserve the Government;
they have cost us some five or six thousand
million dollars; and now that they have been
conquered and defeated in their purpose it is
but reasonable that we should allow them to
manage their own affairs entirely in their own
way, take no supervision over them, but allow
them to go on and conduct the affairs of those
States just as if nothing had happened.
Mr. President, they did not keep their spoons
out of our dish. They had controlled this
Government for forty years before our late
war, and because they were not allowed to
continue to control it they made a rebellion
and sought to destroy it.
We hear all the time that the negroes will
not work; that they are naturally indolent
and lazy. I have failed to perceive the evi-
dence which sustains that allegation. They
have done and they are doing the most of the
work that is performed in the South, or that
has been performed since the war ; and they
did the greater part of what was done there
before the war. I am told that it is very com-
mon for southern gentlemen to meet at a gro-
cery. where they will stay from Monday morn-
ing until Saturday night, and fight, and shoot,
and get up horse races, and yet complain con-
tinually that the negroes will not work. The
Senator from Kentucky says they do not per-
form half as much labor as free persons as
they did when they were slaves. 1 ask what
are the habits of industry of the white people
of the South? Have they been improved?
Sir, their habits of industry will be improved.
There was and is great room for improve-
ment in that respect. But this charge that the
negroes of the South will not work comes
chiefly from white men who never did work,
and who are now groaning in spirit because
they have a prospect that they will have to
work to make the bread that feeds them and
their families.
But, sir, I do not intend to spend any time
on that question ; nor do I intend to go over
the arguments against the repeal of the cotton
tax generally. It seems to me, however, that
the whole argument in favor of the uncondi-
tional repeal of the cotton tax depends upon
a false proposition; that is to say, upon an
exceptional and unusually low condition of •
