1784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
March 7,
entire country will rejoice in an abundant cir-
culation of both gold and paper, in which paper
will be as good as gold and gold no better than
paper.
PROTECTION TO AMERICAN.INDUSTRY
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, some days
ago I had the honor to offer in the House of
Representatives, and have referred to the ap-
propriate committee, a joint resolution pro-
posing an increase of twenty per cent, upon
the duties now imposed by law on imported
wines and liquors and manufactures of iron,
cotton, wool, and silk. I did not do this with
•the idea that such change would remedy all
the defects in our present system; but I have
for some time despaired of seeing any general
-revision of the tariff laws, with the view to
checking importation and protecting domestic
industry, during the present session, and I
hoped my proposition might lead to something
in the proper direction, some concession to the
universal demands of the languishing manu-
facturing interests of the country.
I do not wish to be understood as at all in-
•eli-ned to eensure the Committee of Ways and
•Means for delay in this matter, as to impute to
(that committee any disposition to neglect these
great interests. The bill about to bo reported,
revising the internal revenue system, abolish-
ing the tax on manufactures, except that on
distilled spirits and 011 a few articles of luxury,
would negative any such imputation. I know
the difficulty and the delay attendant upon the
perfecting of any general system of internal
revenue or of customs. All the business in-
terests of the country are affected by chang-
ing laws of that character, and courtesy re-
quires that representation from all of them
should be heard before the committees of the
two Houses if they desire it. In this way
•almost the entire session of Congress is usually
lost, and the bill, when reported, unless com-
manding the votes of such majority as is
required to dispense with all rules of legisla-
tion, will suffer the fate of the excellent tariff
bill of the last session; that is to say, will fail
for want of time within the entire term of a
single Congress to pass it.
These considerations have led me to pre-
pare a bill of a single section devoted to ad-
justing the duties upon a few great leading
avticles, embracing a large proportion of the
importation, and coming most in competition
<with the skill and labor of our own citizens.
It will be perceived that the proposed meas-
ure lias two objects, one of which is the al-
ternative of the other—to increase the rev-
enue derived from foreign commerce, or by
decreasing importations to enable our own in-
dustry the better to bear the weight of internal
taxation. Both of these may be combined
in the general object of increasing the aggre-
gate revenues of the Government without
increasing the burdens upon our own citi-
zens.
If the result shall be, as no doubt it will, to
lessen importations, then, without considering
theinterestsof American producers, very great
good will be achieved. The alarming extent
to which our national securities are going abroad
to pay the balance of trade at the rate of sev-
enty cents to the dollar, leaving the Govern-
ment to pay at some time the entire dollar,
thereby paying thirty cents of it for no con-
sideration whatever, either to Government or
people, admonishes us to seek an expeditious
remedy, though itmay not be a perfect one. Add
to this the fact that a large proportion of the
commodities purchased abroad at so ruinous
a rate had better, for the interests of the conn-
try, be sunk in mid-ocean, after being paid for,
and the fact that still another large proportion
when-brought here stops our workshops, our
factories, and our mines, turning the laborers
adrift to starve or to overcrowd other branches
of labor, and any reflecting man, not interested
in importing, will be foreed to ask himself the
question whether our entire foreign commerce
•is worth its cost. He may be led to suspect
the wisdom of that policy which builds up the
vast commercial cities of which we are prone
to be so proud.
I confess that what I njost desire as the re-
sult of the proposed measure is the lessening of
importation. But supposethis should not fol-
low. Then at least the revenue derived from
custom will be very largely increased, and
the internal taxes may be correspondingly re-
duced. In this view of the subject I turn to the
inquiry, who pays the duty? the consumer or
the producer, or both? This is an important
question. Ordinarily it might not seem equi-
table for us to throw the burden of our Govern-
ment and the payment of our national debt
upon the labor and capital of countries with
which we deal. But when we remember that
the magnitude of our debt, the great necessity
for taxation, is owing, in a high degree, to the
encouragement given to the late rebellion by
the very foreign people with whom we chiefly
deal; that but for their overhaste to recognize
what they hoped to be a new-born nation we
should now have far less necessity to impose
burdens upon their labor or onrs, we can have
no scruples of conscience against levying a tax
upon the foreign allies of the late domestic
foe, if we can. We cannot be blamed for the
attempt to put a part of our debt, if we can,
upon the shoulders of those who did so much
to cause it. Let any American read the his-
tory of the rebel pirate Alabama, and then say
whether we shall not, if we can, impose some
of the cost of ridding the seas of that scourge
and the losses we suffered by her upon her
builders and furnishers and their friends. The
most ardent American advocate of free trade
would hesitate before abandoning at least the
effort to levy a foreign tax to some small por-
tion of the extent of the foreign injury. But
he is made to believe that this cannot be done.
Free trade leagues, with active and wealthy
centers in the commercial citics, have spread
their theories far and wide, and have persuaded
the agricultural West that it is the consumer
alone who pays the tax; that the function of the
producer is simply that of a collector, who dif-
fers from other collectors only in the fact that
he pays the Government in advance. Hence
the western opposition to high duties upon im-
ports.
I am aware that this is the doctrine of most
writers upon political economy, and the argu-
ments upon which it is based are specious and
plausible. But are they sound? Who com-
plains of the tax upon whisky? Not, surely,
the consumer. Who complains of the tax upon
cotton? The planter. Who complains of the
tax on manufactures ? The manufacturer.
Pending the passage of an internal revenue bill
Congress is besieged by representatives from
all the producing interests in the country, while
in every case the consumer acts, at least, as if
he had no interest whatever in the question of
taxation.
The very western and southern preachers of
free trade, who tell us in one sentence that the
consumer pays the duty, in the next beg us to
exempt their particular article of production,
tobacco, whisky, or cotton, from taxation. If
the tax falls upon the consumer why need the
producer care what amount is imposed ? I can
well understand that a just man would remon-
strate against an unfair burden being inflicted
upon another; but it will be long before the
Christian world is made to believe it to be out
of tender regard for the interests of the drunk-
ard that the distiller objects to the tax upon
whisky.
Why does England desire us to receive her
commodities free of duty if we pay the duty
ourselves? What difference can it make to
her how we collect our own revenue from our
own citizens? Weentered into the reciprocity
treaty with the avowed object of getting our
productions into Canada free of duty. Why
did we do this if the Canadians pay it all? We
terminated the treaty because the experiment
showed us that it failed in its object. How
shall we explain our own conduct upon free
trade theories ?
Thus it is that everywhere the producer,
whatever he may say, really believes himself
to be interested in the question of taxation upon
his product. Reason as we may, the great fact
still remains sternly in the face of free trade
theories, that wherever an article of production
is taxed the maker of it is the firsi, and often
the only one, to complain.
I do not, therefore, say that no part of the
tax or duty is added to the price to be paid by
the consumer. It is quite enough for my pur-
pose that it is not all so added ; that a portion
of the burden, varying according to circum-
stances, falls upon the producer.
I have said that the arguments supporting the
position that the consumer pays the duty are
plausible, but the position itself is contradicted
by every man's experience, bythe uniform tes-
timony of both producers and consumers, tak-
ing their acts and not their words as evidence.
It may be curious to inquire wherein consists
the fallacy of the arguments. The entire case
of the supporters of this theory may be stated
in short thus: the price of a commodity in the
hands of the consumer consists of the cost of
producing it added to the cost of delivering it
to him. A tax imposed upon the commodity,
in any stage of production or delivery, in-
creases the cost of one or the other process
exactly the amount of the tax. Hence, the
consumer, in paying the increased cost in the
price, pays the tax.
Now, 1 deny that the price of a commodity
in the hands of the consumer consists only of
the cost of production and transportation.
Among producers and carriers there is every
variety of energy, enterprise, reputation, capi-
tal, and local advantages. Some make enor-
mous profits, others less, and still others barely
live. Those who labor under the greatest diffi-
culties and still continue producing or trans-
porting must live, and therefore the cost of
production and transportation to them and not
to the most fortunate or even the average
must constitute the price to the consumer.
The difference in cost among producers and
carriers is what constitutes the profits of the
more fortunate ones. No man sells his com-
modity cheap because it costs him little. He
sells it for what he can get, and that, as a rule,
is what his neighbors get. The laws of trade
fix prices simply by driving everybody out of
the business who cannot live at it, and that of
necessity makes the price, as a rule, equal the
cost to those who remain in the business, and
barely live at it.
A tax imposed at any stage would enter into
the cost of the commodity, and if it did not
decrease the consumption of it would enhance
the price exactly the amount of the tax. But
there is no article of such prime necessity that
an increase of its price will not lessen its con-
sumption. Some substitute will be found, as
in the ease of coffee; or, iftliat cannot be, greater
economy will be exercised in its use. In one
way or the other the demand will be lessened,
and the producers, to obtain a market, must sell
at lower figures. Those who made large profits
will now make smaller ones; those who made
small will now make none, and those who made
none will now be driven out of the business
altogether.
In the absence of all other disturbing causes,
the imposition of a tax or duty upon the com-
modity at any stage will decrease the price to
the producer and increase it to the consumer;
but in neither ease to the whole amount of tho
tax. As a rule, the tax falls partly upon the
one and partly upon tho other, a variety of cir-
cumstances in every case fixing the amount to
be paid by each.
This whole matter is very plain and simple
when not complicated by ingenious theories got
up in tlie interests of foreign producers and
importers. The duty enhances the price; this
lessens the consumption, and therefore the de-
mand. If the supply continues the same for
even a short period the market is glutted and
theprice falls. After fluctuating or oscillating
it accommodates itself to the new condition of
things—a smaller production—and therefore at
less profits; a higher ultimate price, and there-
