2758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
ties, Pennsylvania, employing, when in full
operation, 212 workmen, and now employing
110 workmen, setting forth that the productive
interests of the country are suffering and its
industry paralyzed for want of efficient protec-
tion against the cheaper capital and labor of
foreign countries; that much of the distress
now prevalent and daily increasing would be
relieved by the legislation suggested in Special
Commissioner Wells's report of last year, per-
fected in the tariff bill (as passed by the Sen-
ate) which failed in the House, March, 18G7,
and praying Congress to resume consideration
of that measure, and enact it into a law at the
earliest practicable moment.
By Mr. MILLER: The memorials of 6 iron
manufacturing firms and companies of Dauphin
county, Pennsylvania, employing when in full
operation 1,19G workmen, setting forth that
the industry of the country is paralyzed for
want of efficient protection against the cheaper
labor and capital of foreign countries ; that in
prospect of a continued decline in gold, customs
duties—at present inadequate—must shortly
prove ruinous; that much of the prevalent
and increasing distress would be relieved by
the legislation suggested in Special Commis-
sioner Wells's report of last year, and reported
in the tariff bill (as passed by the Senate)
which failed in the House, March, 1807. for
want of time; and praying Congress to resume
consideration of that measure, and enact it into
a law at the earliest practicable moment..
By Mr. PAINE: A memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Wisconsin, for a grant of
land to aid in the construction of the Wisconsin
River Valley railroad.
Also, a memorial of Blanehard A", Arnold,
of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in opposition to the
extension of Anson Atwood's patent for his
improvement in cast-iron car-wheels.
Also, a memorial of Charles V. Kelley,
praying compensation for services rendered as
post chaplain at Camp Reno, in the city of
Milwaukee, in the State of Wisconsin.
Also, the application for relief of disabilities
of James li. Berry, of Arkansas.
Also, the application for relief of disabilities
of William M. Harrison, of Arkansas.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of A. B.
Crandall and others, praying for the enactment
of a law placing soldiers who enlisted in the
Army for a term of five years prior to 18G1,
and served for three years during such enlisfc-
inenton an equal looting in respect to bounties,
with volunteers who served three years during
the war.
Also, the petition of Michael llerbster, of
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, for back pension from
July 3, 18G3.
Also, the petition of S. B. Swann and 10
others, citizens of Albany, New York, praying
for reduction of tax on cigars.
Also, the petition of Charles Rodmann and 88
others, of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying for reduc-
tion of tax on cigars.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The petition of J. D. Brawn and 71 others, legal
voters in the town of Hatfield, Massachusetts,
against raising the tax on cigars.
Also, the petition of Andrew Dowd and 12
others, cigar manufacturers in Richmond, Vir-
ginia, against any increase of the tax on cigars.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 2, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
ELECTION' IN ARKANSAS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the General of the Army,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 29th of May, reports
and papers received since the 4th of May in
relation fo the late election in Arkansas; which
was ordex'ed to lie on the table.
EDUCATION REPORT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.
id before
the Senate a letter from the Commissioner of
Education, transmitting his annual report;
which was ordered to be printed and lie on
the table.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
Resolved, That three thousand copies of the report
of the Commissioner of Education bo piintcd l'or
the use of the Senate, and two thousand copies for
tlio use of the Commissioner.
petition's and memorials.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of
William G. McEwan, praying a removal of dis-
ability, so that he may be enabled to receive
the benefit of the act declaring that officers of
the Navy shall not be deprived of their regular
promotion on account of wounds received in
battle; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of the Phil-
adelphia Board of Trade, praying the passage
of a law giving aid to the Kansas Pacific rail-
way : which was referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
He also presented the memorial of members
of the tobacco trade of Philadelphia, praying
a uniform tax upon all kinds of manufactured
tobacco and snuff, excepting cigars, and that
the tax of live dollars per thousand be retained
upon domestic cigars; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr.FilKLlNGIIU YSEN presented the peti-
tion of Little & Dana, woolen manufacturers,
praying to be relieved from internal revenue
taxes now charged against them and remaining
due and unpaid; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of
Kentucky praying compensation to Dr. J. M.
Best for property destroyed by the military
foi ces of the U nited States; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the pelition of Rebecca
C. Meeker, praying to be allowed a pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. HOWARD presented a memorial under
oath, of Simon Srackengast and Henry Beach-
man, late of first regiment of Michigan cavalry,
with exhibits, asking for themselves and fellow-
soldiers an amendment or supplement to the
act of I860, providing for payment for trans-
portation from Utah ; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
William M. Haley, praying a removal of the
civil disabilities imposed on him by acts of
Congress ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a memorial of
citizens of Jones, Fayette, and Marion counties,
Alabama, praying Congress to pass a law set-
ting aside and declaring null and void the or-
dinance of the late convention of that State
abolishing the county of Jones ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CORBETT presented the petitionof The-
odore J. Eckerson, captain and assistant quar-
termastcrand brevetmajorUnited States Army,
praying the passage of a bill refunding to him
the amount paid for grain to make up the dif-
ference in his accounts occasioned by an error
of his clerk; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a petition of
citizens of Evansville, Indiana, praying for a
change in the system of collecting the tax on
cigars; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
REPORTS 01? COMMITTEES.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 492) to extend the lime for the con-
struction of the Southern Pacific railroad, in the
State of California, reported it without amend-
menr,.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom were referred the mes-
sage of the President of the United States,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate, information in relation to
any application by any party for exclusive
privileges in connection with hunting, trading,
and the fisheries in Alaska, and resolutions of
the Legislature of Minnesota in relation to the
purchase of Alaska and the transfer of the
Territories between Minnesota and Alaska to
the dominion of Canada, asked to bedischarged
from their further consideration, and that they
be referred to the Committee on Territories;
which was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. The same committee, to
whom was referred the resolution giving con-
sent of Congress to the acceptance by Mr.
Burlirigaine of appointment under the Chi-
nese Government, have had the same under
consideration, and directed me to report it
back to the Senate and ask to be discharged
from the further consideration thereof. I will
state, in connection with this report, that at the
time this resolution was introduced it was sup-
posed that Mr. Burlingame was actually hold-
ing an office under the Government of the
United States, so that he could notrcceive any
foreign appointment except by permission of
Congress. Mr. Burlingame is now no longer
in the service of the United States, and there-
fore there is no occasion for any action of
Congress on the subject. I move that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the memorial of William
F. Schwilk, pastor, and others, asking for the
adoption of measures to secure for citizens of
this country in Palestine the same rights and
privileges as the " International Association
for Colonizing the Orient" have asked from the
Sublime Porte, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of New York,
praying the passage of a bill to provide for
sending a large quantity of grain and flour to
be distributed among the starving population
of Sweden, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of W. G. Dix, pro-
testing against the recognition of the Ottoman
empire as a right and lawful Government,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the message of the President of
the United States in relation to the alleged
interference of our consul at Rome in the late
difficulties in Italy, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the message of the President of
the United States, communicating correspond-
ence with Mr. Motley, lately minister of the
United States at Vienna, relative to his removal
from his post, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 ask that the question be
put on discharging the committee from the con-
sideration of these papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The com-
mittee will be discharged, unless objection be
made.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to
make, but I avail myself of this opportunity to
inquire of the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations whether we are
soon to have a report from his committee on
the House bill for the protection of naturalized
citizens abroad. I will state that there is a
great deal of interest felt in the subject, and I
have been requested by a great many parties
to call attention to it. I should like to know,
for the benefit of the country, of the chairman
of the committee at this time the condition of
that bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I have just this moment
come from the committee-room, which has bad
under consideration business that has been
accumulating, astheSenator must bear in mind.
