3782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
collect as much as we now do, and I have no
idea we will collect more, there will remain
unpaid and stolen the sum of $30,000,000 a
year as a premium on villainy.
I am satisfied that it is not good policv to
reduce this tax now. It is a virtual admission
tluit we cannot enforce the laws. The remedy
does not lie in a modification of the laws, but
in their enforcement, it may be that for a few
months longer we must continue in the dis-
graceful attitude of a Government unable or
unwilling to execute its laws. But had we
not better continue the struggle nntil an honest
Administration under G-raut shall relieve us,
than to abandon the contest to a corrupt com-
bination of law-breakers and escaped crimi-
nals leagued in this stupendous villainy? There
are plenty of men in this country who have
both the nerve and the integrity to collect this
tax; and when it shall become possible to
secure the appointment of one such any tax
we may choose to levy will be collected, depend
upon it.
To surrender to tins organized theft, and to
admit the " whisky ring'' to bo the masters of
the Government, may meet with favor from
those to whom peace is precious; but it will
not satisfy minds used to grappling with diffi-
culties, and to overcoming opposition. We
have the unquestioned right to levy whatever tax
we please on whisky, and I am one of those
who believe that we have the power to collect
whatever we may choose to levy on this purely
luxurious product. The English Government
lesys, and collects, ten shillings, or $2 47 per
gallon on spirits, and I am unwilling to admit,
by the proposed reduction, that we are not
equal to the task of collecting our revenues.
A nation which suppressed the rebellion should
not be guilty of this disgraceful surrender to
the "whisky ring." The immense majority
of the American people respect the laws, and
pay, without resistance, what you impose upon
them ; in their name I protest against the
passage of this bill, because it still further
oppresses the honest tax-payers to enrich that
band of thieves who have conspired to defy
jour laws, and to debauch and corrupt your
public life. That conspiracy has already suc-
ceeded in making the revenue service a nest
of robbers, and this bill is their payment for
that work. These convictions account for the
earnestness with which I renew my protest
against its passage.
1 have other grave objections to this reduc-
tion. The burdens of taxation should be borne
by just such luxuries as whisky, wines, and
tobacco. I know that, under the incoming
Administration, this whisky tax can be and
will be collected. If you reduce the tax on
spirits now can you restore it a year hence?
No candid man will assert that an increase j
can be passed after a surrender, which plainly
admits our inability to enforce the payment
now. It is not statesmanship to tamper with
laws to suit temporary emergencies ; especially
laws which produce revenue should not be
hastily changed. They should never be touched
at the dictation of an admittedly corrupt com-
bination engaged in defying them.
If the hope of increased revenue from this
measure should be disappointed, if a less
amount shall be collected than at present,
which I fear, then must the inevitable deficit
be made good by the honest and now suffering
industries of the country. J, for one, will not
place these interests in danger of additional
burdens by relieving the most undeserving of
all our productions from its just share of the
expenses of the Government.
When the tax was fixed at twe dollars per
gallon an immense remission of taxes was made
in the interestofthe whisky manufactures. All
whisky in first hands was allowed to go free of
tax, and this was th'J entering wedge to all the
corruption which hasfollowed. How much we
were mistaken as to the determination to collect
this tax may be shown by a reference to the
debates of the House of Representatives. If
my memory is not at fault, General Schexck,
t'he able chairman of the House Committee of
Ways and Means, at the beginning of this session
declared that the two-dollar tax could and
would be collected. This opinion prevailing,
another large remission of taxes (about one
hundred million dollars) was made in favor of
the manufacturers. Theresult of all this must
be a large deficit. What assurance have we
now that an increased revenue will follow a
diminution of this tax. What fair reason have
we to hope that we can again restore this tax,
when an honest Administration shall make its
collection possible ? I have no idea that a
reduction of the tax will yield or secure an
increased revenue, nor have I any hope that we
may restore the two-tlol lar tax if we now abandon
it. If I am right, I know that an enormous
deficit must result from such legislation as this
bill contemplates, and that this deficit mustbe
made up by taxation which shall press with
severity upon interests now staggering under
heavy burdens.
I cannot approve legislation which makes
such a danger possible, and I submit to Sen-
ators whether we ought not now to insist on
the retention of the tax at two dollars per
gallon, and throw on the present Administra-
tion and its supporters the odium of cheating
the revenue at every point and on every pre-
text. By continuing to fight this universal
corruption until a new order of things shall
relieve us, we not only do our duty, but we
lay bare the robbers, whose shameful thefts
are the cause of so much danger and so much
national disgrace, and we will fill the Treas-
ury by a tax of which no one will complain.
One very important consideration with me
is that we should give permanence to such
laws as affect values. An honest manufacturer
of whisky is not so anxious about the sum per
gallon you tax his product as he is that the
sum shall be fixed and reliable. It is large
operators and speculators who are benefited
by these changes in the revenue laws.
At this moment it is publicly announced that
one of these wealthy speculators has bought
an interest in bonded whisky, so large that he
actually controls the whisky in bona, and the
price of it in this country. This immense
interest has been bought by this man for ten
cents per gallon, and the passage of this bill
will enable him and his associates to make
millions, while the honest producer can justly
claim that we are unsettling the basis of his
business without benefiting any one except
those who have become conspicuous in their
opposition to the enforcement of the laws, and
their accomplices who occupy high positions
in the Government.
But my opposition to a reduction of the tax
is intensified because of the improved ma-
chinery for the collection of whatever tax we
may decide upon, which this bill secures. We
are now collecting less than ten per cent, of the
whisky tux. I hope that this bill will secure,
even under the present order of things, not
less than fifty per cent, of this tax ; and I am
certain that under an honest administration we
shall be able to collect nearly all of it. As-
suming this, how will we stand relatively■'?
With a tax of fifty cents we shall obtain
$^5,000,000 per year for the balance of this
administration. After it passes away we shall,
no doubt, succeed in collecting $40,000,000
per annum, or just the amount we now present
to the "whisky ring," in the vain hope of
developing honesty in that batch of ruffians.
Now, let us calculate what would be the
result if we retain the two-dollar tax, and it
will appear that until the 4th of March next
we may secure a revenue at the rate of
$100,000,000, and after that period $180,000,-
000 a year, every cent of which will be so
much taken off the better industries of the
country and placed on that one which ought
to pay the most heavily.
In every view of this case I hold it to be
our duty to refuse to make the proposed reduc-
tion. Gentlemen favor this bill because
under the corrupt influences now at work the
"whisky ring" are enabled to cheat the Govern-
ment out of vast sums, and with these sums
so stolen they may carry the elections next
November. Will gentlemen who make this a
pretext for voting a reduction ol the whisky
tax be good enough to demonstrate, if they
can, that the people can be bought, and, it so,
why the $40,000,000 we now present to the
'-'ring"' owning the bonded whisky is not suf-
ficient for their purpose?
If money stolen from the revenues can elect
a Democratic successor to Johnson, does any
sane man doubt that it will be stolen / I do
not, for an instant doubt this, but I am determ-
ined that they shall steal this money and
bear the odium of the theft, and by no means
wheedle me into voting a corruption fund of
$40,000,000 into their pockets to enable them
to defeat that man whom no one else has ever
defeated.
Mr. BUCKALE W. I suggested some objec-
tions to this particular amendment last evening,
which I will now repeat with some additional
thoughts which I will state.
Here are a large number of appointees pro-
vided for without any designation: no name
given. What are they to be? Commissioners,
agents, superintendents, inspectors? They are
called "persons," the most general term which
could possibly be selected.
In the next place, it is a little remarkable
that there is notthe slightest attempt to define
their duties; the section does not prescribe
what they shall do ! They may do anything,
so far as this amendment is concerned, that
the Commissioner of Internal lieveuue teils
them to do. Are they to be engaged in inspect-
ing establishments on which taxation .s im-
posed? Are they to examine and assess prop-
erty? Are they to make collections of money
that is to come into the Treasury under the
revenue laws? Are they to detect frauds, pur-
sue investigations with reference to those indi-
rect and corrupt influences which we encounter
in administering our system? What are they
to do? The amendment does not inform us.
I venture to say this is the most vague and
indefinite designation or appointment to public
duty of which our legislation bears any account.
Again, sir, it is a little remarkable that
while compensation is provided for, no rate is
fixed. Here are fifty persons or officials,
whichever you call them, who may be engaged
continuously in the public service; there is no
limitation of time, and their compensation may
be anything which the Commissioner of Inter-
nal llevenue may choose to fix. If he chooses
to pay them twenty dollars per diem the faith
of the Government is pledged to the appro-
priation of that money, or rather to its pay-
ment, for I suppose general appropriations
would cover this outlay of public funds. Let
me read this amendment in connection with
my remarks:
"That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
shall have power, whenever in his judgment tho
necessities of the service may require, to employ
competent persons, not exceeding tiity in number at
any one.time, whose term of service shall continue
at the pleasure of the Commissioner of Internal
llevenue, who shall perform such duties and at such
places as may be required of them by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, at a rate ot compensa-
tion to be determined by the said Commissioner betore
the commencement of his employment."
That is a very remarkable amendment, and
as I understand this is to supply all the exist-
ing provisions which relate to the appointment
of agents of the Treasury Department in con-
nection with the internal revenue, and also for
the appointment of district inspectors except
as provided in other parts of this act. 1 am
very reluctant to assent to anything so vague,
indefinite, and in my judgment so liable to
abuse as the new system of appointment of
revenue persons, I suppose I may call them,
proposed in this amendment. As to the num-
ber of them I have no means of information,
i am perfectly content to take the judgment
of the committee as to that.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FBSSENDEN, There is another amend-
