1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
the price of cotton—a thing that may not hap- |
pen again in ten, twenty, or thirty years. This
low price of cotton has not sprung out of the
tax, out of an over-production in India, or
anything of the kind, but is the result of other
circumstances not likely to occur soon again.
The explanation has already been made that
the present low price of cotton arises from the
fact that large stocks which had been held by
heavy capitalists in New \ ork, London, Liver-
pool, ana on the continent could be held no
longer. Those stocks had been held for
eighteen months and two years. Men had got
used to enormous prices for cotton, and when
it came down to fifty cents they thought it was
low, and they held for sixty and for seventy-five
cents: when it came down to forty cents they
held for fifty, and when it came down to twenty-
five they held forforty, and so they heldoutuntil
they could hold out no longer. And when these
immense stocks of cotton were forced upon the
market all at once the price went down and
it may stay down for a few months. But I am
advised by as competent men as there are in
the trade that the probability is that cotton
next year will command a high price, and that
there is no reason to believe that the present
low price will continue. And yet, sir, upon
the exceptional prices of cotton now ruling it
is proposed to establish a permanent policy
ana permanently to exempt cotton from pay-
ing any tax to this Government. I say that
an effort has been made to establish the per-
manent policy from the exceptional state of
a low price at present.
Now, Mr. President, we hear a good deal
said about the present distress in the South, as
if that was the result of the cotton tax. In
the first place I believe that that distress is
vastly exaggerated. I believe there is very
little ground for it except in certain localities
in Mississippi where the grounds were covered
by waters from the river, and in Louisiana
where the dykes burst and the lands over-
flowed, and there, of course, cotton, corn, and
everything else was destroyed. But, sir, tak-
ing the South generally, I believe they have
more breadstuffs in their midst to-day than
they have ever had before at this time of year.
I am sure from what I saw in Arkansas and
Mississippi last summer that they raised more
corn this season than they had ever raised
before, and I think they have more corn to live
on now in all those States which have not been
particularly affected by the high waters than
they ever had before.
1 heard an argument made here just before
the recess of Congress which I had no oppor-
tunity then of replying to, but to which I wish
to say one word in answer now. It was said
that it was important for us to maintain as far
as possible the old system of labor in the
South, and that that was especially important
for the States of the Northwest, meaning Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, and so on. I
repudiate that argument altogether, and I wish
in answer to say that our market does not
depend upon the South, as was amply proved
during the war. I say furthermore that the
prosperity of the South depends upon its relief
from the old system of absolute dependence,
and will never amount to anything until they
raise their own breadstuffs. What was the old
system of labor there ? They raised cotton
and sugar exclusively and bought everything
that they lived upon. The result was that
when there was a failure in cotton or sugar
they had no means of buying breadstuffs from
the North. The effect of that system was to
keep the poor white people continually poor,
and it will keep the colored people in the South
continually poor if that system shall be con-
tinued. The true system for them (and it is
one that we are all alike interested in) is that
they shall have, so far as possible, a self-sup-
porting people. That will never become a
wheat and corn and meat growing country to
raise a surplus to sell to other States and coun-
tries ; but if they would ever become prosper-
ous and happy and independent it must come
from the fact that they are self-supporting so
I far as the immediate necessaries of life are
■ concerned.
Mr. President, one idea suggested by the
Senator from Vermont this morning is conclu-
sive in regard to what has been said here. The
argument urged in favor of the repeal is that
cotton is now lower than it has been for years,
and that the planters cannot pay this tax and
raise the article. There are many articles of
manufacture that are now lower in the market,
I am told, than they have been for twenty
years. The Senator from-Vermont instanced
linen goods. I am told that there are other
articles of manufacture that are selling very
low, but these low prices are exceptional.
Now, to compare the one with the other, sup-
pose these articles were to be exempted from
taxation for all time to come because they
bear now a very low price in the market, would
that be just? Because cotton is low now it
is to be permanently exempted from taxation ;
therefore because certain other articles of
manufacture are now very low, unusually so,
they are to be permanently exempted from any
tax to the internal revenue. The argument
will not hold good.
Mr. President, if we now repeal this tax
unconditionally it is gone, and gone forever.
We all understand that. When the southern
States are restored and reconstructed, whether
it is done by Conservatives or Radicals, one
thing is certain: they will all be equally op-
posed to the payment of a tax on cotton, and
i, we are now establishing a permanent policy
j! on that subject. If you now repeal this tax
jj unconditionally there'is not a Senator upon
this floor who believes that it will be ever
jj restored to the amount of one farthing. I
1 therefore call upon Senators to hesitate before
they take this important step. Let us fix this
tax at some small sum for next year, and if,
when Congress comes to its adjournment in
July next, it is apparent that they will have
poor crops of cotton in the South, that there
js likely to be another failure of crops, or if
the low prices continue and there is a prospect
of no improvement, it will be time enough for
us to suspend the tax entirely for next year.
But there is no reason for this extraordinary
haste, and I cannot understand why Repub-
lican Senators upon this floor are urging the
total and unconditional repeal of the cotton
tax. We expect our Democratic friends to
vote for it. They have been favoring cotton
all their lives, and it has become a matter of
habit with them. Every interest in this coun-
try for forty years was made to yield to that
of cotton, and it seems as if one party of this
country cannot get over the effect of that habit
long since contracted.
But now where is the necessity for action at
this time in the unconditional repeal of this
cotton tax ? I say there is none; but it is the
part of prudence, especially in the Republican
party, that we shall not at once and forever
cut off so large a source of revenue. It is here
proposed to dispense with $27,000,000 at one
slice, and yet the manufacturers of the North—
those who are now meeting in conventions and
demanding relief—have not been relieved to
the amount of one cent. We dare not and we
will not adjourn without granting them some
relief. We should look to other great interests
of this country besides that of cotton. We
j have not many $27,000,000 to lop off. It was
1 shown by the report of the Secretary of the
j Treasury that in 1868 we shall have but a few
i millions of receipts over and above our ex-
penditures. It was stated by my friend the
chairman of the Committee on Finance that
j the cotton tax was not taken into that estimate,
j but in that my friend is mistaken. All the
j revenue liable to be collected by law when the
estimate was made was taken into the ac-
j count. The Secretary had no right to exclude
i $27,000,000 on the ground that the cotton tax
j might possibly be repealed.
:j Mr. FOWLER. I should like to ask the
!j Senator from Indiana one question. Will there
!| not be over one hundred million dollars in
li cxcess of our expenditure in 1868?
I Mr. MORTON. No, sir, I think not; and
! I speak from the report of the Secretary of the
^Treasury.
Mr. FOWLER. I refer to the report of tin
Secretary of the Treasury on that matter, by
which it will be seen that the cash in tlia
Treasury, which the Senator from Indiana
does not take into account in his statement, ig
over one hundred million dollars.
Mr. MORTON. According to the estimates
as I remember them—1 have not the report
here now, but I can refer to it in a few min-
utes—the excess of revenue over expenditures
for the present year will be some nine mil-
lions ; so that if we repeal this cotton tax there
will be a deficit of $18,000,000 when you have
paid the interest on the public debt and the
ordinary expenses of the Government.
It is said we must cultivate cotton for the
purpose of sending it to Europe and bringing
gold to this country. A reasonable, moderate,
and proper cotton tax will not interfere with
this production. We have got to tax some-
body ; we have got to raise revenue off some
of the interests of this country, and we have
got to raise large revenues. And, sir, I can
but repeat what 1 argued to the Senate before—
that if we now take off' the cotton tax uncon-
ditionally we shall substantially exonerate
seven States of this Union from the payment
of any considerable revenue into the Treasury,
and we shall do it permanently, and then we
shall not be in a condition to correct the erroi
that we may perhaps commit this day. I ask
Senators, therefore, to pause before they take
a step which, if it be an error, cannot be
j retraced.
! Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I profesi
to but little skill and experience in matters of
finance, and therefore am very distrustful of
my own opinions, and shall endeavor in the few
words I may say to speak with becoming dis-
trust.
It has been to me, sir, a mystery not yel
' explained why it is that in a separate bill
j brought before the Senate an effort should be
i made to relieve entirely cotton from internal
' taxation. I do not yet understand it. I do
j, not hear it announced by the honorable chair-
i1 man of the Committee on Finance that the
finances of the Government at present are in
such a situation as to dispense safely with the
amount of revenue which we have been deriv-
ing from that article.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can inform the Senator
very easily upon that point. The Senate have
no power to originate bills of this kind and
cannot indicate to the House the manner of
presenting to us a revenue measure. Such
measures must originate in the House of Rep-
resentatives, and that body chose, for reasons
which are apparent, to send this measure by
itself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is not a bill to
raise revenue, and it could be originated here.
Mr. SHERMAN. There has always been a
controversy on that subject, and the House has
uniformly held that revenue bills or bills relat-
ing to revenue must originate there.
Mr. HO \V ARD. "Bills for raising revenue''
is the language of the Constitution'.
Mr. SHERMAN. The practice has been
that bills relating to revenue usually originate
in the other House, especially tax bills, and a
bill fixing a tax of one cent a pound on cotton
would properly originate in the House, ihey
originated this bill, and the reason given there
is that the languishing condition ot the cotton
culture is so remarkable and the tax now is so
excessive, beyond any other tux upon a pro-
duction that is absolutely necessary for human
life that this ought to be made an exceptional
case. As to the state of the finances, I have not
gone into that question at any length, because
it would involve a very long discussion, and I
think an unnecessary one on this occasion,
although I can go into it if the Senate desires.
Mr. HOWARD. And, Mr. Presideut, is this
the only answer which the honorable Senator
has to make to my question that the Senate
cauuot initiate a bill for raising revenue? I
