1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
40th Coxa....2d Bess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Dixon.
Ben ate.
He created officers unknown to the law, and
used the public money to pay their salaries
without authority or color of right. He has
refused to recognize the right of" Congress to
institute measures for the restoration of the
rebellious States and the protection of Union
men in the enjoyment of property and liberty.
He has sought to obstruct the execution of the
laws of Congress. He has taken to his con-
fidence and council men who, during the rebel-
lion, were open-mouthed in their sympathy
with traitors. Men who, during the war, found
no warrant in the Constitution for calling out
volunteers to defend the nation's life, who
pronounced the draft unconstitutional, and
could find no power in the General Govern-
ment to coerce a sovereign State, are now his
most earnest supporters and defenders, and
would, if they were his counselors, advise him
to call upon the Army and Navy to '"put an
end to impeachment and impeachers." Such
a record as this leaves no room to doubt crim-
inal intent in his last attempt to get forcible
possession of the War Department by ejecting
a faithful public servant, in violation of both
the Constitution and the statute. The record
opens with the humiliating and mortifying
spectacle at his inauguration, and will end with
impeachment and removal from office.
There is one more prominent incident in the
career oftho Prcsidcntwhich cannotbeomitted
without leaving the picture incomplete. Just
two years before the debate began upon the
resolution which we have already passed, in a
speech to an excited mob of rebels and copper-
heads the President, forgetful of the obliga-
tions he was under to the Republican party,
with base ingratitude toward the men to whom
he was indebted for more official honor than
the Democratic party will ever be able to con-
fer upon him, from the steps of the White House
denounced Republicans in the most bitter terms,
two of whom he stigmatized as "traitors."
On that day he transferred to the vanquished
rebels and their sympathizers all the favors and
patronage he had to bestow. Then commenced
the struggle between the Executive and the
people, which has been continued without in-
terruption to the present time. The contest is
nearly ended. On Tuesday last the distin-
guished gentleman from Pennsylvania, whose
efforts in the cause of freedom hare marked
him as the champion of equal rights, and whose
name is graven high upon the temple of liberty,
as a messenger from the House, announced to
the Senate that, " in the name of the House
of Representatives and of all the people of the
United States we do impeach Andrew John-
son, President of the United States, of high
crimes and misdemeanors in office." Loyal
men who listened to his words felt that the day
of the nation's deliverance was at hand. He
was a lit messenger for such a message. It was
retributive justice for the unfounded and ma-
licious accusation of the 22d of February. One
of the distinguished individuals whom the Pres-
ident had branded as traitors was now his ac-
cuser, and the other was about to sit in judgment
to try the accusation. Law and order had tri-
umphed—a triumph which will yet be more full
and complete.
The events of to-day mark an epoch in the
history of our country. An apostate Execu-
tive, who has used the power of his high office
to thwart the will of the people, whose perfidy
had well-nigh rendered of no avail all the fruits
of a terrible but successful civil war, has com-
pleted the full measure of his infamy by the
deliberate violation of a criminal statute in a
last abortive attempt to absorb in himself all
the powers of the Government. His defenders
upon this floor remind us of incidents in Eng-
lish history. Are these happy reminders for
their apostate chief? It was Charles the First,
1 believe, who quarreled with his Parliament
because they opposed his unlawful measures
and exercised the privilege of voting for or op-
posing such measures as they saw lit. At the
head of a handful of soldiers he marched to the
Commons and demanded the surrender of
Hampden and others, with the, intent to try
them for treason, simply because they opposed
his outrageous and tyrannical policy. , The end
of Charles was speedy. He inaugurated civil
war and died upon the scaffold. Some of the
same race of men who dealt with the first Stu-
art came over in the Mayflower. They were
the founders of constitutional liberty upon this
continent. The institutions they established
lie at the foundation of our Republican struc-
ture, and their descendants are the men—the
hated Yankees—who led our armies in the
rebellion against the representatives of the
Cavaliers and Huguenots. Perhaps the Pres-
ident will attempt the rQle of the English king;
men in confederate gray can be found to follow
him. Itis their arms that now uphold him and
their voices plead for him, and a fawning syc-
ophant, without character or capacity, might be
found here and there wearing shoulder-straps
who would obey executive mandates, whether
legal or illegal, and whether issued in defense
of the Government or to destroy it. With such
support is a coup d'etat advisable? If he
attempt it history will repeat itself. The great
heart of the loyal people beats to the music of
the Union, and it is in vain the organs of the
Democracy attempt to inflame the public mind.
The President's mouth-piece in this city calls
upon the people "to rise in their might and
majesty and eject the Goths and Vandals who
have desecrated the temple of freedom with
their foul deeds." Such ebullitions are the
expiring throes of that false civilization whose
corner-stone was slavery. These people have
yet to learn that "this is a Government of the
people for the people." The mission of the
Republican party is not yet ended. Slavery,
which had so long cursed our land, went down
in the bloody conflict inaugurated by its wor-
shipers to extend its area and perpetuate its
existence. The chivalry will not believe it
dead. They are like the Eastern princess
whose liege lord had died and was laid out in
state: living, she loved him to adoration and
would not believe him dead, but sat day by day
watching his return to life, until the stench of
the decaying corpse drove her away. These
men are now watching over the carcase of
slavery in the hope of resurrection—just when
and how they do not know. They hope_ in
vain. Its vitality has forever fled. Its rotting
carcase pollutes the atmosphere, and the Dem-
ocratic circle who were sincere and genuine
mourners at its obsequies is fast receding, and
the day is not far distant when none will be
found so poor as to do honor to its memory.
The contest in our country has been between
republican ideas on one side and aristocracy
on the other—the Pilgrims and the Cavaliers.
Jamestown typifies the one and Plymouth rock
the other. Weeds and thistles have overgrown
the site of the first settlement on the banks of
the James, but Plymouth rock remains ; and
ages after the waves of the ocean shall have
worn away the last vestige of that rock the
free civilization and social ideas of New Eng-
land shall be doing their work of christianizing
the races and inculcating a iove for liberty
which is as broad in its philanthropy as the
universe, and knows no distinction of race or
color.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES D1X0£ T,
op connecticut,
is the Uxited States Senate,
March 11, 1808.
The Senate having under consideration Senate
bill No. 207—
Mr. DIXON said:
Mr. President: The Senate of the United
States entered upon this groat debate upon the
question of reconstruction, so called, at a mo-
ment when three years of civil discords-follow-
ing four years of actual war, found at their
close this country still distracted, disunited,
overburdened with debt, and paralyzed in every
department of business. In ten southern States,
if we may credit impartial witnesses, destitu-
tion has reduced many to imminent danger of
actual starvation, and the people are sunk in
utter despair. In the States represented in
Congress industry seeks in vain its accustomed
occupation; the apprehension of want saddens
many hearts who never before knew such a
fear, and in silent perplexity men are every-
where awaiting the developments of the future,
full of uncertainly and distrust.
If at such a time there are Senators who
suppose that those who differ from them can
be silenced by words of reproach, of personal
abuse, of vituperation, they have already found
themselves mistaken. If there are Senators
who suppose that to assail the motives or de-
nounce the action of other Senators is the style
of argument demanded by the necessities of
the times, and desired by a suffering and pa-
tient people, they are equally mistaken. For
myself, I choose rather, if possible, to imitate
those who meet us with calm and dispassion-
ate arguments. In assailing measures, as I shall
feel bound to do, it is not necessary to impute
to their authors and advocates unpatriotic de-
signs. Of what consequence is it to an ago-
nized people what are the designs and motives
of the authors of the measures under which
they are suffering. If it be true that the rul-
ing party in this Congress do not intend to
produce the wide-spread distress which their
measures may cause, that truth alleviates no
suffering, feeds no starving family, brings hope
to no despairing breast; rather it may bring
deeper discouragement and dispel all hope of
a change of policy. It is, therefore, no source
of relief to the people to be convinced that the
Congress by which all the Departments of this
Government, to an extent never contemplated
by the Constitution, are now carried on, be-
lieve their measures to be wise and proper.
The question, sir, is not what are your designs
and motives, but what is the necessary effect
of your policy. That is a question in which
the people are beginning to perceive they have
some interest. For the effect of that policy
you will be held responsible. For that you are
now on trial before the intelligence of the whole
country.
Mr. President, in the labored defenses to
which we have listened of the legislation of
Congress respecting the portion of the Union
lately in rebellion, the opponents of this legis-
lation have been charged with a clamorous ex-
pression of regard for the Constitution. Even
during the war, we are told, they demanded that
constitutional measures should be adopted for
the suppression of the rebellion. Then, as now,
it is alleged, they insisted that, as the object of
the war was to defend the Constitution and re-
assert its supremacy, its plain, indisputable
provisionsshould not be violated in the attempt
to reestablish them. Now that the war is over,
and the supreme authority of the Constitution
is acknowledged and obeyed in every part of
our national territory, the same demand, we
are told, is still made; so that the position oc-
cupied by the opponents of the congressional
policy is that of the peculiar champions of the
Constitution. As such they are assailed and
reproachfully reminded of the fact that in the
dark hours of the war they were also champions
of the Constitution. " Constitution savers,"
they are sneeringly called. Sir, if this charge
is well founded, permit me to say_ it redounds
to the eternal honor of those against whom it
is brought. The Constitution of the
States is amply sufficient for all purposes, both
of war and peace. It provides for both. Its
restraints may bo even more necessary in war
than in peace, and they do not m any manner
weaken, but rather givo added strength to, the
