1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3783
ment proposed to the thirteenth line of the
same section to iusert the words "and no dis-
trict inspectors." I move to amend that by
striking out "and no district," and inserting
"except inspector's;" and than after "inspect-
ors" insert t.he word "and."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment, will be reported.
The Chief Clekk. The Committee on
Finance propose after the word " revenue," in
line thirteen of section fifty, to insert the words
"and no district inspector."
The Senator from Maine moves to amend
the amendment by striking out the words "and
no district," and inserting "except;" and
after "inspectors" to insert "and;" so as to
make the clause read:
That from and after the passage of this act 110
general or special agent, by whatever name or des-
ignation he may be known, of the Treasury Depart-
ments connection with the internal revenue, except
inspectors and cxcept as provided for in this act,
shall be appointed, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, to carry that out,
it will be necessary net to agree with the com-
mittee in inserting the words "or inspectors"
on the next page.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no disposition to
press this matter; but one great complaint
that has been made has been that an inspector
has been appointed for almost every district in
the United States. How true that is I cannot
tell. I have no doubt this will continue them
in office.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They can be reduced
and will be unquestionably when you come to
appoint these other officers, but there are some
districts where there must be inspectors where
we cannot get along without them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk stated the amendment of
the Committee on Finance to be to insert the
woids " or inspectors" after "agents," inline
sixteen of section fifty.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move the following
as an additional section to come in at the end
of the bill:
And bait fm ther enacted, That the penalty provided
by law for issuing any instrument, document, writ-
ing. or paper without being duly stamped, may be
remitted by the collector in the manner anrl eases
specified in section nine of the act approved July 13,
1866, entitled "An act to reduce internal taxation to
amend an act entitled 'An act to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes,'approved
Juno 30.1861, and nets amendntory thereof," at any
time prior to the 1st day of January, in the year
186:t. or at any time within one year after the making
and issuing thereof.
I can explain this in a word if it needs any
explanation. The chairman understands it.
Section nine of the act referred to provides for
remedying the difficulties occasioned by the
want of a stamp. The provision is substantially
that wherever a stamp has been omitted, it may
in certain cases and in a certain way be put on
afterward on paying the proper sum and pay-
ing the penalty affixed of fifty dollars. Then
there is an additional provision that that pen-
alty in different eases where the collector is
satisfied that the stamo was omitted by acci-
dent or misunderstanding, without any inten-
tion to deter the Government, may be remitted,
also. The provision is that it may be remitted
at any time before the month of August of that
year, or at any time within onp year after the
date of the instrument, application being made
for the purpose. This amendment merely
provides that the time within which thepenalty
may be remitted may be continued up to the
1st day of January next.
We have to pass these acts every once in a
while in order to prevent a good deal of evil
to the community.
It is merely continuing the time within which
the collector, in old cases, where they come
to the knowledge of persons may remit the pen-
alty. My attention has been called to it by a let-
ter I received frgm West Virginia stating a very
bard case, and I presume there are many cases
of that kind in the southerns States, particu-
larly where they do not know the trouble until
they come to use papers in court. In such
cases, where there was no intention to defraud
the revenue, to impose the penalty of fifty dol-
lars would be very oppressive.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
propose an amendment to section fifty-four,
pages 70 and 71. It will be noticed by Sena-
t®rs that in the case of drawbacks the bill of
lading is to be sent to the collector of customs
at the port of entry, and then another trans-
mitted to the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue. It is deemed to be better that this should
be confined to the collector of the port of
entry and the returns made to the Secretary
of the Treasury instead of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, and I am about to pro-
pose amendments to effect that object. In
line five I move to strike out the words " in
charge of exports" and insert " of customs."
Then in line nine I move to strike out " Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue" and insert
" Secretary of the Treasury." In lines forty-
four and forty-five I move to strike out "sent
to the collector of customs at said port of
entry and;" at the end of line forty-five, to
strike out "the other;" in line forty-six, to
strike out " entry shall bo;" and in line forty-
seven, to strike out " Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue" and insert " Secretary of the
Treasury;" so as to make the clause read:
Ono bill of lading, duly signed by the master of the
vessel, bliall be deposited with the said collector,
to bo filed at bis oilicowitti the entry retained by
him: one of said entries shall be, when the shipment
is completed, transmitted with tlio duplicate of the
bond to the Secretary of the Treasury, to bo re-
corded, &c.
In line fifty I move to strike out the words
"in charge of exports" and insert in lieu
thereof the words "of customs," and at the
end of that line and tlie beginning of the next
to strike out the words "the internal revenue "
and insert " a customs;" so as to read : " an
order or permit signed by the collector of cus-
toms and directed to a customs ganger,"
instead of an internal revenue gauger.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. These amend-
ments are to a section which has been inserted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I propose to
include all my propositions in one amendment
after I have read all I propose. On page
seventy-two, line fifty-five, I move to strike out
" internal revenue" before tlie word "ganger;"
and at the end of the line and beginning of
the line fifty-six to strike out the words "in
charge of exports and then, at the end of
line fifty-six, and beginning of the next line, to
strike out the words " Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue" and insert "Secretary of the
Treasury;" and in line fifty-eight to strike out
"in charge of exportso that the clause will
read :
The casks or packages shall bo inspected and
gauged alongside of or on the vessel by the gauger
designated by said collector, under such rules and
regulations as tho Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe, &c.
Now, Mr. President, in order to effect all
these changes I move to substitute the section
as amended as I propose for the present sec-
tion fifty-four. The effect is to place this mat-
ter in charge of the collector of the port of
entry and the Secretary of the Treasury instead
of the officers of internal revenue and the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. POMEROY. The several amendments
produce that effect?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir; and
I move it all in one amendment now. I move
to substitute the section, as amended, for the
section as it stands in. the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is right. The Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue requests that
the amendment be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont proposing
to modify what has been already amended is
not strictly in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that the bill be
reported to the Senate and then it can be done.
Mr. POMEROY. It can be done now by
general consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be received if there be no objection.
The question is on the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to suggest an amend-
ment. I do not see the necessity or propriety
of more than one mode of taxation of whisky.
The first section of the bill provides for a tax
of fifty cents upon each and every gallon.
There are other sections of the bill that impose
a special tax, one a tax of four dollars for
every cask of forty gallons, "and the collector
shall proceed to collect the same as in cases of
other assessments for deficiencies." These
two classes of tax upon whisky and the differ-
ent modes of collection tend to complicate the
system. It seems to me that the more simple
the system can be of taxation upon whisky the
better for the tax-payer, and for the Govern-
ment also. I think it would be much better
that there should be but one tax imposed upon
whisky. If the tax of fifty cents is not suffi-
cient for the purpose of revenue let the addi-
tional special tax of four dollars per barrel be
comprehended in an increase of the tax of
fifty cents.
There are some other objections to this spe-
cial tax of four dollars a barrel. It will be
equivalent in large distilleries to a daily pay-
ment of tax. That is what some gentlemen
write to me who are engaged in the distillation
of whisky. I will read a paragraph from one
of their letters:
" You will observe that the tax as imposed by sec-
tions twelve and sixty-five on future distillation are
all collected monthly, which is equal to cash. A dis-
tiller making, say twenty-five barrels of whisky per
day, will have to pay, perhaps, not less than @120 per
day of taxes in cash."
The tax being made payable monthly he
deems to be equivalent to a tax collectable each
day. I suppose there is very little difference.
A man engaged in distilling whisky making
that quantity will have to keep his deposits in
bank from which to pay this tax monthly; and
it would make very little difference to him
whether he paid it daily or monthly. But it
seems to me that a system of taxation cannot
be too simple. In proportion as you simplify
it you make it acceptable to the people who
have to pay the tax; you make it easily com-
prehensible by them, and by the officers who
are to collect the tax. Certainly there is much
greater liability to misunderstandings and to
vexatious delays and impediments under this
double system of taxing whisky than there
would be upon a simple principle of taxing it
so much per gallon.
I think that the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Finance could, without any
sacrifice of the interests of the public Treasury,
include both systems in one simple mode of
taxation. Let the amount that shall be col-
lected upon whisky, the total aggregate amount,
be payable by a simple tax of so much per
gallon.
There is another objection to the special tax.
That is payable before the whisky is sold. It
is payable monthly; it is payable, therefore, as
a general rule, before the sale of the whisky.
Large operators will have to advance a con-
siderable sum in the way of this special tax
before they can have the opportunity of selling
their whisky and obtaining the money to pay
the tax by the sale of the article. I think,
and would respectfully suggest to the honor-
able chairman, that the system might be sim-
plified and improved both in relation to the
complexity that the two modes of taxation
produce and the time of payment of the tax.
I merely throw it ouc as a suggestion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to discuss
this question, because I hope we shall be able
to get the bill reported to the _ Senate _ before
five o'clock, and avoid an evening session.
I desire to say that the Committee on Finance
considered itself concluded upon the amount
