1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21m
during the last few weeks. Before leaving the
committee-room, the last matters under con-
sideration were the various bills and proposi-
tions relating to the rights of American citi-
zens abroad, first among which is the act that
has recently passed the House of Representa-
tives on that subject. On our adjournment it
was understood that that was to be the sub-
ject of special consideration at the next meet-
ing of the committee.
Mr. CONNESS. I am very glad to hear it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 481) to confirm the title to certain
lauds in the State of Nebraska, have directed
me to report it back with ail amendment in
the nature of a substitute ; and as this is a
matter of considerable interest to the citizens
of the city of Omaha, and is a very short bill,
the committee thought it proper that I should
ask that it be put oil its passage now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider the bill reported by
him at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall get.
through the morning business before any bill
is taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator object to the present consideration of
the bill ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no personal
interest in the bill in the world. The commit-
tee thought it so important to some titles at
Omaha that they directed me to ask for its
present consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to make some
reports. I shall have no objection to the bill
after the morning business is disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The re-
ports will be received. The Chair understands
that to be an objection to the present consid-
eration of the bill named by the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 30) for the relief of George
W. Asbburn, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, to whom was
referred the petition of E. M. Chaffee, praying
an extension of his patent for his discovery
of a process forgrindinglndia-rubber, reported
adversely thereon.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Joseph Nock,
praying the passage of a law requiring all
patentees and assignees of patents to cause to
be stamped or engraved on every patented
article offered for sale the date of the patent,
reported adversely thereon.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom were
referred the following petitions and memorials,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration, and that they be referred to the
Committee on Claims ; which was agreed to :
Two petitions of late officers in the volunteer
service, in relation to the three months' pay
proper;
A petition of Levi Ferguson and others, in
relation to the three months' pay proper;
A memorial of Gottleib Oesterle, in relation
to the payment of bounty;
A memorial of John Potts, chief clerk of the
War Department, praying compensation for
services rendered as disbursing agent;
A petition of John O'Dwyer, late captain in
Veteran Reserve corps, in relation to the three
months' pay proper; and
A petition of John Dean, late a lieutenant in
the Army, in relation to the three months'
pay proper.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of commissioners in
behalf of the State of Illinois in relation to the
Illinois and Michigan canal and river improve-
ments, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committeeon Commerce: which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills and joint res-
olutions, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration, and that they be referred
to the Committee on Claims; which was
agreed to:
A bill (H. R. No. 425) for the relief of Mary
A. Filler;
A bill (H. R. No. 558) for the relief of A.
W. Ballard;
A bill (H. R. No. 1128) for the relief of
Isaac Watts;
A bill (H. R. No. 1129) for the relief of the
widow and children of Colonel James A. Mul-
ligan, deceased;
A bill (H. It. No. 1130) for the relief of II.
] G. Anken, late captain fourth Iowa infantry;
! A bill (H. R. No. 1077) for the relief of 0.
i P. Shiras;
A bill (H. R. No. 1081) forthe relief of John
A. Neustaedter;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 255} for the
relief of Martha E. King; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 280) for the
relief of Miss Ella E. Hobart.
Mr., TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
■ Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (11.
R/rNo. 1058) to admit the States of North
Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia,
and Alabama to representation in Congress,
have instructed me to report it back with an
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. What is the amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Itwillhave tube printed;
and I have no time to explain it. The same
committee, to whom were referred the consti-
tutions of these States, report them back for
the consideration of the Senate.
The same committee, to whom was referred
the resolution (S. R. No. 135) to restore Ala-
bama, North Carolina, South Carolina, Geor-
gia, Louisiana, and Florida to representation
in Congress, have instructed me to report it
back and recommend its indefinite postpone-
ment, the subject being embraced by the bill
just reported.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution will be indefinitely postponed if no
objection be made, aud the bill will go on the
Calendar.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was recommitted the
bill (S. No. 215) to vacate and sell the Uma-
tilla reservation in the State of Oregon, reported
it with an amendment.
DOCUMENTS l'OIt NATIONAL ASYLUMS.
Mr. MORTON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (II.
Ii. No. 278) to supply books and public docu-
ments to the national asylum for disabled vol-
unteer soldiers, to report it baekto the Senate
with an amendment and recommend its pas-
sage, and I should like the present considera-
tion of it, if there be no objection.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It directs the Secretary
of the Senate and the Clerk of the House of
Representatives to cause to be sent to the na-
tional asylum for disabled volunteer soldiers,
at Dayton, Ohio, and to the branches at
Augusta, Maine, and Milwaukee, Wisconsin,
each, one copy each of the following docu-
ments, namely, the Journals of each House
of Congress at each and every session ; all laws
of Congress ; the annual messages of the Pres-
ident, with accompanying documents; and
all other documents or books which may be
printed and bound by order of either House of
Congress, including the Congressional Globe,
beginning with the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
The amendment of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia was to insert after
the word "Wisconsin," in the sixth line, the
following words, ''and the Soldiers' Home at
Knightstown Springs, near Knightstown, In-
diana."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in. The amendment was ordered
to be engrossed and the joint resolution to be
read a third time. The resolution was read the
third time, and passed.
LAND TITLES IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. THAYER. _ I ask that the Senate will
now take up the bill reported by the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks.] It will
occupy but a few moments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to taking up the bill for consid-
eration at this time?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we had better go
through with the morning business.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say to the honor-
able Senator from Vermont that he certainly
is not in favor by his objection of doing the
invidious thing of acting upon a report made
by one of the Senators from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton,] and refusing to do it on the report
just now made by the other Senator from In-
diana, [Mr. Hendricks.] I hope the bill will
be taken up. I do not think the attention of
the Senator from Vermont was called to this
circumstance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not in favor of doing
any invidious thing at any time to anybody.
But I am really in favor—although I should
undoubtedly make a martyr of myself if I stuck
to it—of doing the business of the Senate
according to its rules, because in that way we
get on a great deal faster on the whole. The
Calendar is full of bills of importance that
have been reported from committees that we
can only get up in the morning hour, and the
time runs by on account of doing things by
unanimous consent, Senators hating to object,
which override the regular order of business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the consideration of this bill at
this time?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill must go over.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In connection with the
remarks of the Senator from Vermont, 1 desire
to say that the bill I reported was not a bill in
which the State that I represent had any inter-
est. It is not one in which I take any personal
interest in the wurld except to discharge a
public duty ; and it settles some titles that are
giving the people trouble. That is all there is
in the bill; and at the request of the commit-
tee, as well as of the Senator from Nebraska,
I asked for its consideration. It is not my
personal request at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will vote to help take
it up the moment we get through with reports
and bills.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no favors to ask
of the Senate.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The objec-
tion carries the bill over, and it is not subject
to argument.
CLAIMS AGAINST AGItlCULTUItAL DEPARTMENT.
Mr. CAMERON. I am directed by the
Committee on Agriculture to report back House
bill No. 10(58, to provide for certain claims
against the Department of Agriculture, and
I beg the indulgence of the Senate to put this
bill upon its passage. It is to pay debts due to
persons who have furnished articles to the
Agricultural Department; articles ordered by
the former head of that bureau. The money
is due a long while, and the parties ought to
have their pay. Therefore I desire to have the
bill put upon its passage now, I hope there
will be no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania asks unanimous eon-
sent of the Senate to take up for consideration
the bill reported by him at this time. Is there
any objection ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I must
object, as I promised to do, until we get through
with the morning business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will lio over under the rule.
