2760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
J line %
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave t.o introduce a bill (S. No. 507) supple-
mentary to an act to incorporate a Newsboys'
Home; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce ft bill (S. No. 508)
to incorporate the America Fire and Marine
Insurance Company of Washington, District
of Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 500) in addition to an act passed March
26, 1801, entitled "An act in addition to an
act entitled 'An act for the punishment of cer-
tain crimes against the United States " which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 510) in relation to insolvent banks; which
was read twice by its title, ordered to beprinted,
and to lie on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. E. No. ISO) excluding from the
Electoral College the votes of States lately in
rebellion which shall not have been reorgan-
ized ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
I.AND TITLES IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senate now to
proceed to the consideration of the hill reported
by the .Senator ftom Indiana, [Mr. He>mucks.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, the hill will be taken up.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 481)
to confirm the title to certain lands in the State
of Nebraska was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Public Lands was to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the bill and to insert:
That in all cases in which the Commissionerof tho
General Land Oflice or the Secretary of the Interior
lias finally deckled in favor of preemption settlers or
the locations ot Indian or half-breed scrip and issued
patents to them for lands within tho corporate limits
of thecity of Omaha, in the State of Nebraska, the
right anil title of the patentee or patentees shall not
be defeated or impaired because such land was within
the said corporate limits; but if good in every other
respect, the titleshail he good and valid, notwith-
standing such lands may have been within the said
corporate limits, and notwithstanding the entry
thereof by any pree'mptor or locator of Indian or
liui "-biecd scrip was forbidden by the tenth section
of the act of September *1, 1841, because so within
said limits.
The amendmpnt, was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not propose to object
to this bill if it has been duly considered by the
Committee on Public Lands, and they have
decided it to be a necessary and a proper bill;
but before it was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands it was sent to the Committee on
Private Land Claims 
Mr. THAYER. No, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. That was another bill.
Mr. THAYER. Another case entirely.
Mr. WILLIAMS. This, on the reading of
it, sounded to me very much like a case that
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims, afid my impression then was rather
unfavorable. It looked to me as though it was
a sort of special legislation for the benefit of
some individuals.
Mr. THAYER. This has nothing to do
with that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I -will state in a word
or two what is the question involved in this
matter. The corporate limits of the city of
Omaha, as established by the Legislature of
the Territory, were very extensive, including
a large amount of land. The town-site author-
ities located, under the law of Congress, three
hundred and twenty acres, and located no
j more. Farmers settled on the lands outside
' of the real city, and their rights have been
| established under the act of 1841. The Com-
| missioner of the General Land Office has
! adjudicated their rights and has issued to them
I patents, and they have been in possession ever
! since, and sold out large portions of the land
now to other persons in smaller lots. The
city has extended over a portion of it, so that
large numbers of the people have become
interested. Mr. Justice Miller last yeardecided
that, because the corporate limits, as estab-
lished by the Legislature, included these lands,
the title was not good under the act of 1841.
This bill simply waives the objection to the
title upon that particular ground, not under-
taking to settle any other question connected
j with the title.
| Mr. WILLIAMS. I was mistaken as to the
j bill, and the explanation is satisfactory to me.
| The bill was reported to the Senate as
j amended, and the amendment was concurred
j in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
; a third reading, was read the third time, and
j passed.
NATIONAL HANK ACT.
Mr. CAMERON. I beg now that the
ate will put on its passage House bill No. 1068,
to pay deficiencies in the Agricultural Depart-
ment. 1 think there will be no objection to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That bill was reported
to-day.
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object; and I move 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill goes over.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish the Senator would
not object, and 1 hope he will hear me for a
moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. When I get up this other
bill I will look at the Senators bill, and if I
have no further objection, let it pass so far as
I am concerned. 1 move now that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
440, making certain amendments to the bank-
ing law.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 440) supple-
mentary to an aet entitled ''An act to provide
a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof,'' approved
June cl, 180!.
Mr. SHERMAN. Sinee the bill was last
before the Senate, the Committee on Finance
havereported some amendments. I wishthem
to be acted on separately.
The Chief Clerk read the first amendment,
which was after the word "deposits" in line
twelve of the bill to insert the following words:
And the limitation prescribed in section twenty-
nino of said aet, wbich restricts the liabilities of
individuals, companies, corporations, or firms, for
money borrowed of national blinking associations to
one tenth of the capital of such associations ishercby
mado applicable to all deposits made by such asso-
ciations with private bankers, or brokers, or banking
associations not organized under the national cur-
rency act.
Mr. CONKLINCr. 1 inquire whether that
amendment is printed?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is.
Mr. CONKLlNGr. I have the printed bill,
but there is no such amendment in it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theamend-
ments have been printed separately.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have a copy here.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to know
before I vote upon this amendment, as it is
legislation by relation, what it refers to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will explain to the
Senator so that with the bill and amendment
before him he will at once see the effect. The
twenty-ninth section of the national bank act
provides—
"That the total liabilities to any association of any
Person, or of any company, corporation, or firm, for
money borrowed, including in the liabilities of a
company or firm the liabilities of the several mem-
bers thereof, shall at no time exceed one tenth part
of the amount of the capital stock of such association
actually paid in."'
Under this provision national banks cannot
loan to.any individual or any firm or corpora-
tion over one tenth of their capital stock. 33t
was intended to protect the capital stbc'k
against great losses by individual borrowers.
But a practice bas grown up of late of banks
depositing with brokers by their side, probably
brokers who own the bulk of the bank stock,
a great amount of their deposits. Thus the
actual debts of brokers to a bank may be sev-
eral times the limit authorized by the twenty-
ninth section. The result is that several banks
have failed on account of the failure of brokers
interested in the banks by reason of the depos-
its made with brokers, and as these deposits
are made in the ordinary course of business,
they are not considered, in the language of the
act, loans to the brokers. A result of this
practice has been many failures. This was
the cause of the failure of a bank here in
Washington some time ago. Brokers along-
side bocr6wed the money of the bank in the
form afc deposits. This amendment is for the
pueffose of extending the limitation of the
tj^enty-iiinth section to brokers with whom
'money is deposited by banks. That is the
whole of it.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope we shall not take
up so important a bill as this without some
time to reflect upon it. I thought I understood
the Senator from Ohio to say that heintendedto
let it pass over informally, so that the bill which
I reported this morning might be taken up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said that I should have
no objection to the Senator's bill being passed
now, but I certainly desire the action of the
Senate on this bill. It has been lying on the
table for a long time. I will state that_ we
propose to add to this bill all the provisions
that are indispensably necessary now in regard
to banks and banking, so that we shall not
trouble the Senate with any other bill on that
subject during the session, and I believe that
all the amendments which are now proposed
are moved by the unanimous assent of the
Committee on Finance, or nearly so. In regard
to some of the amendments the committee are
unanimousin regard to others they may not
be quite so. The amendments are to correct
abuses that have grown up in the administra-
tion of the banking system. I desire to have
the bill acted on to-day.
Mr. CAMERON. This measure involves
matters of detail which may have been agreed
upon by the committee in a manner agreeable
to the Senator from Ohio, chairman of the
Committee on Finance, but not to other Sen-
ators. For my part I have not had time to
examine the bill yet, and so far as I under-
stand it I shall disapprove of several of these
amendments. It is an importantquestion, and
one which I think had better be let alone.
The currency and finances of the country are
righting themselves. Every day they are get-
ting better. Every day we are approaching
nearer a condition of things in which we can
resume specie payments. 1 think this should
warn us not to begin to tamper and tinker with
the currency and finances. I see that within
the last two or three weeks our loans have
increased in value at the stock board some ten
or fifteen per cent. If we let them alone I
think they will go on increasing, but I think
the moment we begin to legislate upon them
we shall depress them. It I were a stock
speculator I should want to pass this bill to-
day if I had no interest beyond my personal
interest in that respect; but 1 know it will be
harmful to the country. It is going to inter-
fere with the country banks.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 cannot hear a word my
friend says. I should like to hear him.
Mr. CAMERON. I know that this is not a
good place for hearing. I will content myself
with moving that this bill be postponed for the
present.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I will state
again in regard to this bill, so as to avoid fur-
ther discussion, that in its different sections it
is simply intended to correct certain abuses in
th« working of the baukitg system. It makes
