236
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 11,
Senate.
Reconstruction—Mr. Dixon.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
administration of the Government. Our fathers
did not ordain a Constitution which in time of
peace should limit and direct the action of the
different Departments of the Government, bat
which in time of war should leave them with-
out a guide, unrestrained, and clothed with
despotic authority. Powers which .ere dor-
mant in peace may, it is true, spring to life in
war; but under the Constitution - the powers
necessary for conducting a war are full and
ample. Those, therefore, who object to the
control of the Constitution in war, either mis-
understand our system of government or else
they utterly disregard and are willing to over-
throw it. I repeat, then, that whatever party
demands obedience to the Constitution in war
as in peace is right in so doing. Especially
are those right who, after the close of a war
waged in defense of the Constitution, demand
that the great organic law which has been vin-
dicated and defended on the field of battle
shall.be obeyed as the supreme law of the land.
I aceept, therefore, for myself and for those
with whom X act, the charge of being Constitu-
tion savers, with all the reproach that charge
may convey. I do desire to save the Constitu-
tion, and the present, in my judgment, is the
hour of its greatest peril.
Sir, the contest in which we are now en-
gaged is one of far greater danger to the Con-
stitution and to our federal system of govern-
ment than the struggle of material forces
which took place during the four years of
actual war. The result of that struggle, though
sometimes it might have given us solicitude,
was never really doubtful. The victory was
sure to be with the strongest. But subtle
forces are now at work which may silently
change the whole character of our institutions.
Unseen dangers surround us. Causes, the
effects of which may not be fully seen during
this generation, and may be developed in
future centuries; hatreds which may slumber
till opportunity shall wake them to life, dif-
ferences of race, diversities of interest, which
will deepen and intensify as our continent be-
comes more populous—all these, and number-
less other circumstances, which to the thought-
ful mind need scarcely be suggested, give an
incalculable importance to the mode to be
adopted of restoring the harmonious relations
of the States. The permanence of our fed-
eral system of government will be far more
endangered by an error at this stage of onr
condition than it was by any open acts of
hostility to which it has been exposed. To
save and perpetuate the Constitution, if any
patriotic party is endowed with the wisdom to
perform such a work, is indeed a task for the
wisest and the best; let them not be driven
from it by the denunciations of the thoughtless
and inconsiderate.
I listened with interest to the speech of my
colleague, and in one portion of his remarks,
at least, I found myself able to agree witli him,
if his meaning is limited, as I suppose it to be.
I believe with him that the people of the
United States constitute one nation. Yet I be-
lieve, and so I think must my colleague, that
the Government established by the Constitu-
tion is limited and restricted in its powers.
The very design of our constitutional form of
Government was to delegate, or, to use another
word of the Constilution, to grant, certain
specified powers. The people undertook to do
what never before had successfully been done,
to gra,nt to the Government they were about to
establish certain powers, and to reserve to
themselves (or to the States) the powers not
granted. The Government thus created is not,
therefore, in the sense in which the word is
used in Europe, sovereign. It has limitations
and restrictions. There are certain acts which
it cannot perform—certain functions of Gov-
ernment from which it is prohibited. It cannot,
for example, establish a national religion.
Mr. Webster, in his reply to Mr. Calhoun,
admirably describes and defines its character
in view of these limitations of its power. I
read from volume 2, page 185, of his works:
" The nature of sovereignty or sovereign power has
■been extensively discussed by gentlemen on this oc-
casion, as it generally is when the origin of our Gov-
ernment is debated. But I confess myself not entirely
satisfied with arguments and illustrations drawn
from that topic. The sovereignty of Government
is an idea belonging to the other side of tho Atlantic.
jNo such thing is known in Nortli America. Our
governments ure all limited. In Europe sovereignty
is of feudal origin, and imports no more than the
state of the sovereign. It comprises his rights, ex-
emptions, prerogatives, and powers. But with us
all power is with the people; They alouo arc sov-
ereign. None of these governments is sovereign in
tho European sense of the word, all being restrained
by written constitutions. It seems to me, therefore,
that wo only perplex ourselves when we attempt to
explain tho relations oxisting between the General
Government and tho several State governments ac-
cording to thoao ideas of sovereignty which prevail
under systems essentially differing from onr own."
My colleague speaks as if we supposed the
character of our Government had been in dis-
pute from its formation to the end of the late
war. But by all that portion of the southern
people who agreed politically with Mr. Clay
and Mr. Webster, and by almost the entire in-
tellect of the North, tho doctrines of Mr. Web-
ster in his reply to Mr. Hayne in 1828, and in
his reply to Mr. Calhoun in 1833, have been
accepted as correct and unanswerable. In
those speeches may be found a perfect exposi-
tion of the true character of our federal sys-
tem and of the relations and rights of the
States, winch, so long as our constitutional
form of government shall remain, will require
no further comment or elucidation. Perhaps
my colleague, in his theory of nationality, does
not wish to bo understood to differ materially
from the doctrines of those discussions. Pos-
sibly, if he had entered more fully into the sub-
ject, lie might somewhat have limited and re-
strictedhis meaning. Certainly he cannot mean
to deny that powers not granted are reserved,
nor that the State of Connecticut, within the
sphere of her legitimate powers, can exercise
the very highest attributes of sovereignty by the
enactment of laws which have strength enough
to deprive a human being of liberty and life,
lie cannot mean to deny that all tho domestic
relations, speaking generally, are there regu-
lated by laws enacted by the State Legisla-
ture, with which the Government of the U nited
S.tates has no power to interfere. Marriage,
divorce, the descent of real and personal estate,
the punishment of every species of local crime,
the regulation of suffiage, all these are wholly
within the control of the Legislature of Con-
necticut, and in relation to them, within the
jurisdiction of a State, the Government of the
United States is whollypowerless. 1 know not,
therefore, precisely what my colleague means
when he speaks of "all municipal and State
organizations revolving around tho great cen-
tral orb, the nation! " Can he possibly sup-
pose that the relations of a State to the Federal
Government are similar to those of a " muni-
cipal organization" to the State government?
The municipal organizations, or in other words
incorporated cities and towns, exist by the
permission of the State; can at any moment,
by an act of State legislation, be changed or
abolished or extended, always provided that no
contract is violated. They are, indeed, mere
creatures of the State—municipal corporations,
created by law. Is that the character ofa State?
I think my colleague must; have used language
hastily and unguardedly; yet, if uncorrected,
his speech must mislead those, and I know they
are many, who rely on his teachings.
Permit me here, as this is a matter which
ought to be fully understood by the people, to
read two extracts which throw a clear light
upon the subject of the relations of the Fed-
eral and State governments, and the peculiar
mode of existence of both. The first extract
is from the opinion of tho late Chief J ustice
Williams, of Connecticut, in the case of Pratt
vs. Allen, 13 Connecticut Reports, page 110.
I will barely read the marginal note ot the case:
" The Constitution of the United States is a grant
of powers where they did not before exist; but.the
constitution of this State is a limitation of powers
already existing, leaving tlie legislative department,
subject to the limitation specified, as it found it.
The second extract is from the speech of Mr.
Webster in reply to Mr. Calhoun, from which
I have already quoted. Works of Mr. Web-
ster, volume 2, page 117:
"The people, sir, in every State, live under two
governments. They owe obedienco to both. These
governments, though distinct, are not adverse. Each
has its separate sphere and its peculiar powers and
duties. It is not a contest between two soveieigns
forthosamo powers, like the wars of the rival houses
in England, nor is it a dispute between a Government
de facto and a Government dejure. It is tho ease ot
a division of powers between two Governments mado
by thepeople.towhich both are responsible. Neither
can dispense with the duty which individuals owe to
thoother; neither can call itself master ot' the other;
the people are masters of both. This division of
power, it is true, is in a great measure unknown m
Jiurope. It is the preculiar system of America, and,
though new and singular, it is notincomprehonsible.
The .State constitutions are established by the peo-
plo of the State. This constitution is established by
tho peoploof all tho States."
It thus appears that within its proper sphere
of action, and in that vast region of govern-
mental function, where it cannot possibly come
in conflict with the Government of the United
States, the government of Connecticut, and of
every other State, is as truly a government
and as completely sovereign as any such organ-
ized power can be, limited, of coursc, by the
restrictions placed upon it by tho people in
their State constitutions. The Senator, my
colleague, says:
"Thus far I may seem to have boon arguing tru-
isms. I now go a step further, and assert that this
sovereignty [of the people of the United States] is
oxeroised primarily through suffrage."
That assertion, if my colleague will permit
mc to say so, does not seem to me a very wide
step from " the truisms" which he had already
asserted. Of course, sovereignty is exercised
primarily through suffrage, and nobody will
undertake to deny what the Senator proceeds
further to assort, that "the right of suffrage in
the individual man is derived'from his partici-
pation in the sovereignty of the Republic, and
that if all participation in it is lost suffrage is
lost." That, I take it, is only a mode, per-
haps not very clear, of saying that every man
must exercise his sovereignty by voting, and
that his right of voting may he forfeited or
abandoned. My colleague will pardon me if
I find some little obscurity in this part of his
speech. But I only notice it lest under it
should lurk some hidden heresy like that on
which those Senators rest who claim that Con-
gress may enact suffrage laws for the States.
If that notion is concealed under his peculiar
phraseology I beg my colleague not to con-
sider me, by acquiescing in a degree in his
doctrine of nationality, as waiving my right to
protest against the heresy in question.
I have been led, Mr. President, to a longer
digression into the path of discussion opened
up by my colleague than I intended. I now
proceed to the line of argument which, in my
own mind, I had assigned to myself in this
debate. 1 claim that the conservative people
of the country—it is immaterial by whatever
name thc3>- are called, whether Conservatives
or Democrats—are justified in their present
demand, that the mode of reconstruction, so-
called, and all the action of the Government
with regard to the States now unrepresented
in Congress, shall be controlled by and founded
upon the Constitution of the United Stales, and
should bo in harmony with the true theory of
the relations of the States and the Federal
Government, as heretofore understood and
acknowledged. To establish this I lay down
three propositions, which I shall attempt to
prove.
1. That the war was avowedly conducted, on
the part of the President and of Congress, on
the theory that their action was to be controlled
by the Constitution and that it was so con-
trolled, if their professions could be relied on.
2. That the war was also conducted on the
