1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35a
Committee on Finance, there is a provision
made which will limit the amount to bo applied
to the payment of both the principal and inter-
est of the public debt. That amount is left
blank and it will be subject to discussion and
decision by the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I am very glad that the
committee have taken that view of the subject.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I wish to
join a single remark to what has been said by
the chairman of the Committee on Finance.
Assuming that the ordinary expenditures of
the Government will be one huuared and forty
or one hundred and fifty millions as he states,
and I presume that they will not exceed that
amount, then the Special Commissioner sends
an estimate to us of revenues that may be
raised from internal taxation by which it appears
that every industrial interest in the country is
relieved from taxation, and he estimates that
from distilled spirits, fermented liquors, tobacco
and its manufactures, incomes, stamps, lega-
cies and successions, banks, railroads, &c.,
salaries, gross receipts, 'fines, penalties, and
miscellaneous. $152,000,000of revenue maybe
raised for the next fiscal year.
Mr. WILSON. How much from whisky?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Fifty millions from whisky
nnder the new system.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much was it last
year?
Mr. SHERMAN. It was only $27,000,000
last year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Under what "new
system"' does the Senator speak of; one that
we are to adopt or have adopte l?
Mr. WILLIAMS. The one wo have adopted,
I suppose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why did it not produce
$50,000,000 last year?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have not read the
report. I suppose he gives his reasons for
making this estimate. There has been a special
commissioner appointed who has traveled over
Europe, who has made it his business daring
the recess of Congress to obtain information on
this subject for the purpose of enlightening
Congress; but whenever any reference is made
to his report or any reliance put upon it gen-
tlemen jump up here and say it is entitled to
no consideration whatever. Now, I suppose
that tbe commissioner in his report gives his
reasons, but I do not wish to occupy time in
reading his reasons for his estimates. I see
that he has submitted to Congress an estimate
excluding all manufacturing in the country
from taxation, and asserting that upon the
different items stated in this report an internal
revenue of $152,000,000 can be realized for
the next fiscal year. Whether he is right or
wrong I will not undertake to say; but I do
venture to affirm that this special commissioner
has had as many opportunities of ascertaining
as any member of the Senate; and if his report
is not worth anything why not dismiss him and
save the expense of having a speeial com-
missioner traveling to Europe and over this
country, accumulating knowledge and then
assuming that it is not worth anything to us?
In legislating here we have to rely on the
best information we can obtain. We take esti-
mates from the Department; we take informa-
tion furnished to us by the special commis-
sioner, and I cite this not that it is conclusive—
I do not pretend that it is—but I produce it as
some evidence to prove that we can dispense
with this cotton tax and aM.be same time dis-
pense with many other taxes that are now
imposed upon industrial interests of the North.
It is only to show that it is not impossible, as
gentlemen assume here, to remove this cotton
tax ; it is only to show that it is not necessary,
as has been assumed throughout this argument,
to impose additional taxation upon the North
in order to make up for the $27,000,000 that
we propose to annul by the passage of this act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then why not let ns
consider all interests together ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. How many more times
is it necessary to say that the necessities of the
people of the South require immediate action
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 23.
upon this subject? I think Senators who ad-
vocate the passage of this bill have assigned
reasons sufficient upon that point, that the
necessities of these people demand this legis-
lation. Now, it is said that the people in the
northern States are heavily taxed, are poor,
that thousands of persons there are out of em-
ployment. That may be true, and has always
been true since the formation of the Govern-
ment ; but are we asked to appropriate mil-
lions of dollars for any portion of the North
in order to relieve the necessities and wants
of the laboring class? Sir, we have given miv
lions upon millions to the people of the South
in order to provide that those there who per-
form labor shall have the necessities of life;
and now every newspaper that comes to us
from the South and every source of informa-
tion which we can consult informs us that their
necessities are greater than they ever were ;
and I have no doubt that bills will be intro-
duced here at the present session to appro-
priate money to relieve the necessities of those
people. I say, then, they do stand in a dif-
ferent condition at this time from the poor
people of the North.
These are the reasons or some of the reasons
why this bill was not delayed until there was
a general revision of the revenue laws of the
country.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, intelligence
from all sections of the country and every
moment's reflection strengthen the conviction
that we ought to pass this bill as it came from
the House of Representatives, unless we can
so amend it as to make it apply to the crop of
the present year in the hands of the producers.
I am sure the tax is burdensome, that it tends
to diminish production, and that the perma-
nent interests of the nation demand its aboli-
tion. If we cannot make the bill apply to the
unsold crop of 1807, then I am for the bill as
it came to us from the House of Representa-
tives. But if the majority here are opposed
to its passage in this form I would be willing
to meet them by taking the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton-,] levying a tax of one cent per pound
and making the one cent per pound appy to
the unsold cotton crop of 1867 in the hands of
the producers, and then suspend the collection
of the tax for 1867 and 1868. That would re-
lieve the cotton-growers of 1867 who have lost
millions of dollars, and would encourage them
to plant in 18G8. If the price of cotton should
advance, as many think it will, the tax of one
cent per pound or four dollars per bale might
not be a burdensome one. If Senators who
are opposed to the House bill will agree to fix
the tax at one cent per pound and apply it to
the crop of 1867 and then suspend the collec-
tion for one year I will unite with them in
that vote; if not, I support the bill as it came
from the House, believing it to be for the best
interests of the country, North as well as
South.
I am in favor of relieving the industries of
the people in the North as well as in the South.
If we can contrive some plan by which the
whisky tax can .be collected we can remove
taxation that burdens many of our manufactur-
ing industries. I fear little will be done for
the collection of the whisky tax, for the
whisky interest, ifitisnotmasterofthecountry,
seems to be master of the Administration. At
any rate the whisky ring which is robbing the
Government of from fifty to one hundred
million dollars annually, thus burdening the
industries of the people and robbing laboring
men, seems to be under the protection of the
Administration, and the rewarder of its friends.
While this Administration lasts and the corrupt
and corruptible set that surrounds it wield the
power they now seem to wield there is little
hope that any law Congress may enact for the
prevention of the whisky frauds will be enforced.
I learn from excellent authority that one of
these persons who undertook to cheat the Gov-
ernment out of $28,000 was recently tried at
an expense of nearly four thousand dollars in
one of the southern States, was fined $6,000
and ordered to pay a certain amount; that he
came to Washington and the President not
only pardoned him but gave him a certificate
of character.
I am informed, too, that a person rejected
by the Senate—I do not know how many
times—for an important office has been sent
to Texas as an agent of the Treasury Depart-
ment to take care of the internal revenue
affairs in that State, and it is believed that the
whisky ring have ordered the machinery for
distilling whisky to be sent to Texas, and that
they expect to drive a profitable business in
that State. I am further informed that a per-
son who is said to have cheated the Govern-
ment out of several thousand dollars during
the war, and was forced by the Secretary ot
War to disgorge his plunder, aad who was
recently rejected by the Senate for an import-
ant office, has been sent to North Carolina to
take care of the internal revenue interests in
that State. Do Senators hope to enforce the
collection of the whisky tax by such agencies ?
There is a gigantic system for defrauding
the Government out of its revenues. This
whisky ring can offer and does offer splendid
bribes to public officers, and this ring can
furnish, and I have no doubt is furaishing,
and will furnish, any quantity of money for
electioneering purposes. We ought to collect
from a hundred to a hundred ana twenty-five
million dollars of revenue from whisky, but
the chairman of the Committee on Finance
tells us we collected only $27,000,000 last
year. The Treasury has been robbed of
$100,000,000, and this burden has been put
upon the toiling men of the country. Who
are the thieves ? Why are they not prosecuted ?
Why are they protected by the Administra-
tion? Why is the country pluadered with
impunity ? Why is the nation dishonored in
the face of the world by such gigantic swindles ?
This whisky ring cheats the Government, robs
the people, corrupts public men, uses the
corrupt and corruptible creatures to secure
for them impunity.
I do not mean to say that all the distillers are
dishonest men. I have not a doubt that many
of them are upright, fair-pinded men, but bad
men are in the business and worse men are
out of it coining fortunes. One of the first
men in this country said to me the other day
that a leading lawyer of the great city where
he resides came into his room and said to
him 
Mr. JOHNSON. What city?
Mr. WILSON. The city of New York.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was afraid it was Balti-
more.
Mr. WILSON. He said to him, "I come
to you, sir, on a matter of business ; I come
from my client with this offer: he has been
prosecuted, and if you will induce the district
attorney to withdraw the prosecution we will
pay you $50,000; I do this as a matter of busi-
| ness." Such is the gigantic condition of swind-
] ling and corruption in the country. When
] men are brought up and tried and an attempt
; made to punish them they are pardoned,
j In my State we had an honest body of men
appointed to take charge of our internal reve-
nue system. Many of then* were men of the
highest character and standing. Not two years
since some of them were remorselessly turned
out. Take the case of Mr. Charles Hudson,
who was a member of the House of Represent-
atives for many years—a man who understood
questions of taxation and matters pertaining
to the tariff laws certainly as well as any public
man in our State, and I believe there are few
public men in the country who understood
them better than he did. He was removed
from office without cause. It is a well-known
fact that in. our portion of the country there
are some men in these offices who are unfit for
them, and one or two of them are believed to
be corrupt; and the fact that they are bo has
been represented over and over again to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue and to the
Secretary of the Treasury, and they cannot be
removed. The reason why they cannot be
