1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml
no radical change, no important change. It
simply corrects abuses that have sprung up in
the working of the system. This is all the
legislation that the Committee on Finance
propose in regard to banks or banking. It
does not materially affect the framework of
the banking system, or any interest involved in
it. This particular amendment is intended
to correct a gross abuse that has sprung up by
a misconstruction, I think, of the banking act.
I could not hear what my friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Cameron] said, and therefore I
do not know that I am answering him. I
understand he wants more delay. No delay
ought to be granted.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow
me, I will say that I only desire to have these
amendments printed, so that I can read and
reflect upon them.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are all printed.
The original bill was reported on the 10th of
March, 1868, and these amendments were
reported and printed on the 29th of May, so
that the Senator can see them all in print., and
the amendments all refer to the sections of the
banking act, so that he can understand them
in a moment. I doubt very much, if the bill
should be postponed now for the convenience
of the Senator, whether be would have time,
in the midst of the multiplicity of his other
duties, to examine the amendments. At any
rate, the public interest demands that the bill
should now be disposed of. I do not suppose
that so favorable an opportunity will present
itself this session to have the matter calmly
discussed.
Mr. CAMERON. I understood that this
bill was not to be brought up immediately, and
therefore I am not. prepared to consider it. I
desire that it shall go over for the present. I
do not care to postpone it for any length of
time. I move that'it be postponed for the
present.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am informed that three
months ago this bill was put over on the sug-
gesiion of my friend from Pennsylvania." 1 did
not happen to be present at the time, but I am
so informed.
Mr. CATTELL. I am very sorry that my
friend from Pennsylvania did not succeed in
getting up the little bill in regard to the Agri-
cultural Department, of which I am quite as
much in favor as he is, and which might have
been passed in a very few minutes. Neverthe-
less, i cannot vote to postpone the considera-
tion of the bill now before the Senate. The
original bill, covering, 1 think, an important
subject, was laid on the table nearly three
months ago, March 16. At the request of the
Senator from Pennsylvania its consideration
was then postponed. After a week or two I
proposed to call up the bill again, as I felt a |
great degree of interest in it, believing it to be 1
an important bill. I then received a note from
the Senator from Pennsylvania that he was
obliged to leave the city tor a day or two, and
asking me not to have the bill called up, and,
of course, I acquiesced in that request cheer-
fully and at once. If it had not been for_that,
this bill would have been considered prior to
the commencement of the impeachment trial.
I think the Senator from Pennsylvania ought
not to object now to its consideration. The
amendments proposed are unimportant, com-
pared with the body of the bill, and I there-
fore hope that it will now be taken up and con-
sidered. .
Mr. CAMERON. It is hardly fair to put
the postponement of this bill on my shoulders.
It is true, 1 objected to its passage when it was
first brought here. It is also true that I went
home for a couple of days, and I wrote a
friendly note to my friend, the Senator from
New Jeisey, asking him not to call up the
bill in my absence; but that was more than
two months ago, and since that time I have
never said a word on the subject. And the
Senate will bear in mind that only a day or
two ago, in a consultation among_ gentlemen
who are interested in the legislation here, it
was understood that this bill would not be
brought up. Now. I tell Senators that this is
a subject which will probably provoke a great
deal of discussion. It is a question which
involves the destruction of the interests of the
country banks in favor of the interests of the
city banks. My friend, the Senator from New
Jersey, lives in the city of Philadelphia; all
his commercial interests are connected there;
I live in the country, and mine are not alto-
gether city interests- A very large proportion
of the banking capital of the country is not in
the commercial towns of the Union. I desire
only to have the bill postponed for the pres-
ent. If the Senators put it forward I assure
them they will not get it through to-day.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the entire morn-
ing hour will not be spent by the Senator from
Philadelphia—the Senator will excuse me; I
mean the Senator from New Jersey, of course
—and the other two Senators in discussing the
mere precedence of business. We have bills
here—I have—that have been acted on in part
by the Senate, and I am exceedingly anxious
to get them before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill is before the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing it until to-morrow.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, the
amendments proposed to this bill, which are
four or five iu number, adding four or five sec-
tions, were only reported on the 29th of May,
a few days ago. 1 think it is but a reasonable
request which my colleague makes, that he and
others in his situation, interested in this subject
of banking, shall have the opportunity of con-
sidering not only the original bill, but these
amendments which the committee have reported
to the Senate. I supposed that this original
bill would not be called up again during the
present session, it was up, and the Senator
from New Jersey, who represented the inter-
ests of the city banks, the moneyed circles of
the cities, addressed the Senate at length upon
it. I am aware that the views he then expressed
were not received,with favor by all those con-
cerned in this new system of banking, espe-
cially in the interior.
Now, sir, I desire that this whole question,
if we are to pass upon it, shall come up under
such circumstances that we can have a fair
debate upon it. I should be very much grat-
ified, and no doubt 1 should also be informed,
by hearing my colleague speak on this sub-
ject, because he is much better informed upon
it than I am. I am desirous of voting for
any amendment to the banking system which
may be proposed by the committee; but I
should like to bo right sure that they were
amendments, that none of them would operate
to the advantage of city against country, or of
one interest against another. .
Besides, sir, upon general grounds 1 think it
is a convenient practice in the Senate that there
should be a little notice of bills before we are
asked to vote upon them, and vote finally.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 gave it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I was not aware that
this subject was coming up again. Although
these amendments were printed two ortluee
days ago they escaped my attention. We are
so crowded with other employments, other
business, that we cannot know what the print-
i ers are doing. When, then, my colleague pro-
! poses that this bill shall go over for a day or
I two before we consider it, it seems to me very
I extraordinary that there should be objection in
j any quarter. I know very well that the Sena-
1 tor from Ohio can get up a bill of this descrip-
tion, a bill upon the general policy of the
country, more readily than almost any mem-
ber in this Chamber. We almost always agree
to anything which he proposes with reference
to the order of business, and there is no doubt
in my mind that he will be able to get up his
bill within a day or two without any difficulty.
Mr. SHERMAN. In regard to the order
of business, I say to the Senate that there is
no prospect of acting upon this important bill
unless we act upon it now. It is a question in
li which persons take but very little interest, and
it is very difficult to get the attention of the
Senate to it. I be'ieve there is no objection,
even in the mind of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Cameron,] to the amendments
proposed. His objection is to the body of the
bill, which, in my judgment, is a wise and just
provision, without which the banking system is
wrong. This bill is not presented in the inter-
est of the city banks or of the country banks.
I am from the eountry; but i say that the
whole system and its vitality depend upon the
prohibition of the payment of interest on the
bank reserve. The country banks are more
interested in it than the city banks. The
objection of the Senator from Pennsylvania is
to the original bill, not to the amendments, and
he has had three mouths to brood over it. Let
him present his objections to the original bill
if he chooses, and they will be answered ; and
I have no doubt they will be answered suc-
cessfully. This is not iu the interest, of city
banks or country banks. It is a bill of vital
importance to the safety of the national bank-
ing system, now under a pressure, or which
will soon be under a pressure as we gradually
approach specie payments. It simply pro-
poses to correct glaring abuses that have act-
ually occurred in the administration of the bank
department. I hope, therefore, the Senate will
not postpone the bill, because if it does that
will be a substantial postponement of it for
tliis session
_ Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Ohio
did not hear mg, I believe, when I was stand-
ing at my proper seat. My ojections are to
the whole bill, to the discussion of the question
now, or to the passage of any amendments to
the banking law at present. I want the whole
system of currency and finance to lie over until
next year. I think we are getting along very
well by doing nothing on that subject, and I
think every day the country is becoming moie
healthy and iu better condition to meet all its
demands in gold. I think we shall do so sooner
if we say nothing about it; and 1 think the
more we legislate on the subject the further
we shall put off the day of payment in gold. _
I am not prepared to make a speech on this
subject. I am not prepared at any time to
speak very well; but I am not prepared now to
discuss this question. If, however, it is post-
poned I shall try to show hereafter that the
whole measure is wrong. Our loans in Eng-
land are rising constanlly. and whenever they
get near par we shall be able to resume specie
payments here. I think the great reason of
the increased value of our funds abroad and at
home is that we have done nothing on this
subject.
There is no subject in the world so little
understood as that of finance. I do not pre-
tend to understand it; nor have I ever seen
anybody that did properly ; and yet everybody,
no matter how ignorant he may be, thinks he
understands the question of money better than
anybody else. I do not suppose you could
pick up a hundred men in the streets anywhere
who would not get up and make you a speech
without a moment's reflection on the subject
of currency and finance, and every man would
be satisfied himself that he ought to convince
the whole world. It is very much so here
among the men who are selected, of course, for
their intelligence and general information upon
that subject, as well as others.
Sir, I want this subject to go before the peo-
ple, and let them mature something in regard
to it, if any matured bill maybe necessary. I
, want Senators to go home, and as soon as pos-
j! sible. I should like them to go home this
j month, and reflect at home on the subject of
I the currency. There can be no prosperity in
1 finance unless the country itself is peaceable
j and prosperous, and whenever that tomes « e
shall have prosperity in our finances. J o-day
our five-twenty bonds are within about twenty
per cent, of par in gold. I believe they ate
selling at above fifteen above par m currency
now, and I have no doubt, it we do nothing
here oil the subject, our five-twenty bonds will
be twenty per cent, above our currency pai,
