1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8785
free from tax ; the tax is not exacted on that
part of it which is exported, but in order to
collect the domestic tax burdens are thrown
upon this exportation which the country can
well afford to rid them of. In order to insure
the collection of the tax on that which is con-
sumed at home the whole system is loaded with
the same provisions which we have just gone
over in reference to tobacco and distilled spirits.
Those articles are mere luxuries and should
be taxed high, and if they are taxed high means
must be resorted to in order to secure the col-
lection of the tax. The are also looked upon
by many as having an ill effect upon the morals
of the'community. I see that clergymen now
are beginning to discountenance the use of
tobacco as they have of whisky for some time
past. That shows, at any rate, in what esteem
it is held by many of our citizens.
But, sir, nothing of this kind can apply to
the mineral oil. it is not an article of luxury
by any means. It is found in the family of
every poor man, perhaps, in the country. It
furnishes him a cheaper light than he has ever
had before, it furnishes him at the same time,
pet-hays, a better light for the quantity of oil
used. The considerations that may lead to
imposing these heavy burdens on tobacco and
whisky would argue a different way in reference
to petroleum. And yet, sir, in order to collect
this tax upon the oil that is consumed at home
the export trade is heavily burdened; and it is
necessary that a host of officers, inspectors,
gaugers, and I know not what you call them,
should be appointed. The manufacturers of
oil are compelled to employ extra clerks to
make regular returns, and are incumbered in
that way with an additional expense which
must affect them even in reference to their
export trade, although nominally no tax is
placed upon that.
Without attempting or wishing to detain the
Senate one moment longer than is necessary, I
ask them to take into consideration the fact I
have last stated, that this article is a most
valuable export; that it is one of our largest
exports; and that this export trade, valuable
as it is, is to a certain extent injured by means
of the arrangements made for the simple col-
lection tax on the home supply. For the fiscal
year ending in June last the tax amounted to
something short of five million dollars. One
half of that is Reduced, which would leave it
considerably less than two and a half million
dollars, and I apprehend, as the production has
somewhat diminished during the last year, that
it cannot be stated at over two million dollars.
This is an amount, considered by itself it is true,
large ; but in proportion to the whole of our
taxes it is a light amount. I have the opinion
of the Special Commissioner of the Revenue
that it can be dispensed with, and he thinks it
ought to be dispensed with. I have the author-
ity of at least a majority of the Finance Com-
mittee that they believe the tax might and
should be dispensed with. I understand that
the same opinion prevails in the Committee of
Ways and Means, and that this amendment
would probably have been made in the House,
except for their strict rules, which after it was
offered would have compelled it, to go back to
the Committee of the Whole. I trust, there-
fore, that this amendment will be fairly con-
sidered by the Senate, and that this relief may
be given to so valuable a branch of manufac-
ture.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not propose to con-
trovert particularly what the Senator has said
as to the necessity or justice of removing this
tax ; but the Committee on Finance did not
consider it expedient to attach this amend-
ment to the bill, as this bill is confined exclu-
sively to whisky and tobacco ; and it _was
partly upon that ground that those sections
providing for the taxation of banks were
stricken out of the bill, so that this legislation
might be exclusively upon the two subjects of
whisky and tobacco. If one amendment is
proposed introducing another subject into this
bill another amendment introducing another
subj-ect may be proposed ; and so the bill may
be incumbered. All the various interests in
the country, that are complaining of taxation,
will of course claim a right to be considered
in connection with this bill, and the conse-
quence will be that the bill will be burdened
down with these numerous amendments, and
probably defeated. The interest which the
Senator represents is not the only interest in
the country that complains that taxation is too
high: it is not the only interest that is demand-
ing relief; and if we allow this amendment to
go upon this bill then no objection can be made
to any amendment that may be proposed affect- S
ing any other interest: and instead of being a
bill which wa  intended by the House to be a
bill to regulate the tax upon whisky and tobacco,
taken out of the tax bill that was repoited by
the Committee of Ways and Means expressly
for the purpose of legislating upon that subject,
it will become a bill regulating the tax upon
all the various subjects in the country upon
which it is said the taxes ought to be modified
or repealed.
It is upon that ground, without taking time
to go into the discussion, that I oppose the
amendment. I am not disposed now to say
that if the proposition made by the Senator
was in a different form or upon a general tax
bill I should not be willing to support it; but
at this late day in the session, when there is
no time to discuss these various propositions,
the only way to save this bill and pass it at all
is to confine it exclusively to the two subjects
which are contained in it.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I think I can say to
the Senator from Oregon, with perfect pro-
priety and with great truth, that there is 110
parallel interest to this in the country. In the
second place, I may say, as I have already
said, that it is in some sense germane to this
bill, as it has the same apparatus and body of
officers that these other ai tides have.
Again, the Senator's remarks might well
apply in the House of Representatives, where
the committee were ordered to bring in a bill
in relation to tsbaeeo and distilled spirits only;
but 1 think the Senate has the right, and has
independence enough when a good proposition
like this is offered to it, to pass it without being
cowed by any consideration of that kind. It
is the only manufacture, as 1 have already
said, of its class that is now taxed at all.
1 wish in this connection to read a letter
from the chairman of the Committee of Ways |
and Means of the House. He says:
"H'c think, in my coriimittee, that, mineral oil
ought to be put upon the footing of all other manu-
factures. If you can put this amendment in the bill
in tho Senatewoean prettycertainlycairyit through
the House. It would have gone through to-dnyif we
had not been limited to spirits and tobacco."
Now, sir, abstractedly considered, it may bea
very nice thing not to have too many subjects
in a bill; but when an interest like this, so
great as I have shown, is suffering without
occasion, for I may say it is without occasion
that this interest should be put to so much
expense in order to conduct it, when there can
be no occasion for it either in reference to the
amount of tax to be collected, or to any frauds
that are taking place in it, or to the character
of the commodity manufactured, I hope the
Senate will not for that reason at least refuse
to adopt this amendment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. _ Mr. President, the
former argument made in the Senate on this
subject, which was indorsed by the vote of the
Senate, would cover completely in the pages
of the Congressional Globe the amendment
which is now proposed by the Senator from
West Virginia. We then had a full debate on
the subject of the taxation of the products oj
petroleum or manufactures therefrom ^ and it
was only, in my opinion, because the Senator
from West Virginia then proposed his amend-
ment in the form of a reduction of the tax to
one half, instead of an amendment proposing
to remove it altogether, that we have this ques-
tion again before us moved upon the present
bill.
It is a decisive argument in favor of his
proposition that this is the only manufacturing
tax yet remaining in our revenue system, the
only general tax, and that it is. imposed upon
a manufacture which, instead of being discour-
aged by us, ought to be encouraged by our
legislation. The only effect of permitting this
tax upon the products of petroleum to remain
while the crude article is free from taxation is
to push the manufacture out of our own conn- s
try, to cause the raw article to be exported,
and the capital and labor of Europe to be
employed in its manufacture instead of the
capital and labor of our own country. There-
fore the clearest reasons of policy are against
the retention of this tax ; and it is manifestly
an unjust and odious one when we have re-
lieved other manufactures from similar bur-
dens. This I consider to be a conclusive view
of this subject, without going fully into that
argument which was submitted upon a former
occasion, and which then enlisted favorably
the judgment of the Senate.
The only objection made by the Senator from
Oregon is in regard to the time and place
when this amendment is offered. He is averse
to entertaining it and voting for it, although he
does not object to it upon its merits, because
if we adopt this amendment other amend-
ments may possibly be offered. Now, sir,
those of us who are in favor of this amend-
ment can give a conclusive answer, a satisfac-
tory answer, at least, to that suggestion. I11 the
first place, these taxes are entirely unlike any
others in our internal revenue system. In the
next place, this question is connected with the
simplification of the revenue system, which is
oneof the leading objects of this bill. Wcare
to dispense as far as we can with the inspectors
of revenue and with other subordinate officers
under the Commissioner wherever we cat}.
These taxes upon petroleum require a consid-
erable number of officers for their administra-
tion. I am told that some of the inspectors
have been receiving as high as eight or ten
thousand dollars a year, it is made a matter
of complaint and of odium that such features
are permitted to exist in connection with our
revenue, law. I believe public opinion every-
where is tending to this ground: that our tax
system should be simplified; that we should
confine the burden to as few objects as possi-
ble ; that we should dispense with all the offi-
cers that we can, and should confine ourselves
only to those necessary objects of revenue
demanded in order to meet the public burdens.
1 venture to say, in answer to the Senator
from Oregon, that the adoption of this amend-
ment by the Senate will not embarrass the
Senate itself. No other amendments will be
offered of a general nature leading to debate
and producing delay. I venture to say, also,
that the adoption of this amendment by the
Senate will not produce a difference with the
House. The Senator from West Virginia has
already informed us that the House is disposed
to it; that the Committee of Ways and Means
are not only willing, but some of them at
least anxious to accept this amendment and
to incorporate it into the present bill.
The objection that this amendment will in-
troduce a subject not in the purview of the bill
as originally introduced in the House goes_ for
nothing. Are we to have bills introduced into
that House and sent here as they were origin-
ally formed? Have we no power of amend-
ment? Are we not permitted to cast our eyes
over the whole field of inquiry, and if -we find
a particular object deserving of our attention,
exceptional in its character, and directly con-
nected in its machinery with the measure sent
to us, shall we not propose an amendment?
And especially are we to be deterred from
doing so when we have the best assurance that
the House of Representatives will concur with
us in our action, and that even if there should
be objection in that House we can recede in a
moment when the bill is returned with a non-
concurrence in the amendment? _
For these reasons I think there is no force
in the point which has been made by the Sen-
ator from Oregon ; and for the very satisfactory
reasons which have already been stated by the
