1738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareb 7,
than United States bonds at five per cent, inter-
est, principal and interest payable in gold?
During the year 18(56, while tlie currency was
being reduced in consequence of its alleged
overabundance, these interest-bearing gold
bonds were selling at ninety-six cents on the
dollar in this same irredeemable currency. Is
it not clear that the reason why this irredeem-
able currency was not exchanged for these gold
bonds was because of its more profitable em-
ployment as currency?
The fact is our condition is unlike that of
the Old World, whose wealth has been elab-
orated and concentrated by ages of labor into
gold and silver and other forms of value read-
ily available to the purposes of commerce.
Our wealth is principally in undeveloped forms.
The raw material we have in exhaustless abun-
dance. It is in our mines, forests, and fertile
lands, in our water power and fisheries, and
in the intelligent labor whose magic touch is
to turn all into gold.
But to develop this wealth and make it avail-
able requires the aid of capital in the form of
currency. This currency is now supplied by our
Government notes, secured by a pledge of all
the property of the nation. By its use we have
been enabled to commence and carry forward
toward completion with unparalleled rapidity a
railway uniting the Atlantic with the Pacific
coast, and opening up to settlement an in-
tervening continent; to construct other rail-
ways in all parts of the country; to open and
work our mines, clear^ our forests, till our
lands, and transport their products to market;
build mills, factories, and machine-shops, and
operate them; in short, to develop all our
varied resources, and thereby to add immensely
to our national wealth.
Let us now examine the assertion that a
reduction of the currency benefits the laboring
poor of the country. If such were really the
fact it would be one of the strongest argu-
ments that could be adduced in its iiivor ; for
certainly justice and sound policy unite in
demanding the protection of that class which
produces all the wealth of the nation.
A scarcity of money, it is said, helps the
laborer, in that it lessens the expense of living
by reducing the cost of the necessaries of life.
.But the necessaries of life are the product of
labor, and whenever they are high the price
of the labor which produces them is also high.
But it is contended that the laborer derives no
advantage from this increased price of his labor,
as in turn he has to pay the same relative
increase.on the price of all he consumes. In
the supposition that he does so pay lies the
fallacy of the argument; for while the laborer
is the sole producer he is not the sole con-
sumer. Of the necessaries of life he is both a
producer and consumer; of the luxuries of
fife he is only a producer; and while the prices
of the necessaries of life which he both pro-
duces and consumes advance the prices of the
luxuries, which he produces but does not con-
sume, and into the production of which the
largest amount of labor enters, advance still
further, and this difference favors the producer.
Again, the same causes which reduce the price
of the products of labor reduce not only the
price but the amount of labor employed.
Generally when wages are reduced one half
the labor of the country is only half employed,
even at the reduced rate. This result arises
from the fact that there is always a surplus of
production on hand ; the supply of the great
staples being seldom exhausted under any cir-
cumstances. During the war we did not reach
the last bale of cotton nor the last pound of
Virginia tobacco, although the source of sup-
ply was for a long time cut off. These accu-
mulated stocks serve to carry the capitalist
through the hard times which a general scar-
city of money arising from any cause produces.
When money becomes scarce production is
curtailed; the laborer loses employment; ac-
cumulated stocks are drawn upon to satisfy
present demand; money rises in value; and the
capitalists who own the money profit by the
rise... The wealthy merchant or manufacturer
of abundant capital falls back on his accumu-
lated stock of merchandise, endures the loss
which necessity makes inevitable, and, waiting
the turn of the tide, retrieves that loss in the
rise of price which is sure at length to follow
the curtailment of production. The laborer,
meantime, having no such resources, neither
money nor merchandise, only labor, which he
cannot dispose of, suffers.
The laws of political economy, uniform in
their operation, never produce other results.
Never in the history of this country was money
abundant in active circulation, and labor at
the same time not well paid and fully employed.
And never was money actually scarce, or driven
out of circulation by a contraction of the cur-
rency, or by any other cause of distrust or
panic, without the laborers, as a class, suffer-
ing at the same time, both from inadequate
compensation and inadequate employment.
This, Mr. Speaker, is the fact at the present
time. Labor is neither fully employed nor
adequately paid. And labor now wants pay
and employment because of the condition of
our finances ; because of a scarcity of currency
in circulation through the healthy channels of
legitimate business, a scarcity attributable in
part to an actual contraction of the currency,
but attributable stiil more to the threat of con-
traction, which, backed by authority of law,
has frightened money out of circulation into
the financial centers, as terror, acting upon a
man, checks the circulation of his blood and
drives it back upon the heart.
Here let me remark that the policy of com-
mencing, immediately on the close of the war,
and continuing to pay off the principal of the
public debt is as unwise, if not as disastrous,
to the interest of the country as the policy of
contracting the currency. Its effect has been
to overburden the generation which carried the
nation through the war, and to relieve future
generations from all cost for the rich heritage
to which they suceced. The South w.ill pay
but a small percentage of taxation during the
present generation. Why should they be en-
tirely relieved from a debt which their madness
and folly fastened upon the nation? Why
should the foreign emigrants that every year
land upon our shores, taking up their abode
with us, and sharing all the advantages of our
Government, be entirely relieved from the pay-
ment of the debt incurred in saving and main-
taining that Government in the hour of its
peril? The wealth of the nation increases one
hundred and twenty-six per cent, in each de-
cade. After a period of thirty years, at this
rate of increase, the same percentage of the
whole wealth of the nation now required to pay
the annual interest would pay the principal of
the whole debt in a single year. Is it not, under
these circumstances, true policy to provide for
the annual interest, and allow the principal to
relatively decrease with the increasing wealth
and population of the country ?
Sir, any argumentagainstcontraction, in view
of our recent action in regard to it, may now
appear to be unnecessary. Theories, though
zealously urged and persistently adhered to,
have been forced to give way to the stern
logic of events. The business of the country,
stimulated, broadened, and enlarged by the in-
crease of the currency, refuses to be forced
back into the narrow channels through which
it coursed previous to the war. But notwith-
standing we have repealed the law authorizing
contraction by a vote of more than four to one
in both Houses of Congress, this repeal is gen-
erally regarded as a temporary expedient rather
than an abandonment of the poliej'. The theory
upon which the policy was based is still ad-
hered to, and exerts an influence tending to
unsettle the public mind in regard to financial
and business interests. It has been rather with
a view to aid in counteracting this influence,
by disproving what I regard as a popular fal-
lacy than immediately to influence action here,
that I have examined and argued this question
somewhat at length.
But, sir, while I do not believe in the wis-
dom of the present payment of any part of the
principal of the public debt, and am opposed
to the contraction of the currency, considered
either as a means of reachihg a resumption of
specie payments or_ as in any way tending to
improve the condition of our finances, I do
not, therefore, underestimate the value to our
currency, to our finances in general, to every
business interest of the country, of a return to
specie payments. This, sir, I believe, is the
first step to be taken—the first question to be
settled. Settle this question, and all others
settle themselves. Settle it, and the question
as to whether our bonds are payable in green-
backs orin specie becomes immaterial. Settle
it, and our bonds, appreciating with our cur-
rency, will stand at a premium in gold in the
markets of the world. We can then raise on
a long loan, at lower rates of interest, the
mean3 with which to retire the five-twenty
bonds. Our bonds have been, and will con-
tinue to be, measured by our own standard,
which is our currency. Place that upon a
gold basis, and our bonds will follow. Can we
expect to negotiate a long loan on favorable
terms while we make no provision for the
redemption of our demand notes, and while
propositions are actually before Congress to
buy them in at a discount. To make the at-
tempt would be like a merchant, with abun-
dant means to meetall his obligations, allowing
his notes to remain under protest, and then,
with his credit thus impaired by his own neg-
lect, to attempt to negotiate a loan.
Sir, in my view, it is of the first importance
that the currency of the country shall, as soon
as practicable, be placed upon a specie basis.
That is the only sure foundation for our system
of paper money. Confidence will never be
firmly established until our currency is regu-
lated by maintaining its redemption in specie.
Among the many plans for reaching this end,
the two following, which are directly opposite
to each other, have been proposed and are now
before Congress. One to retire all the United
States notes from circulation, supplying their
place by the notes of the national banks; the
other to oblige the national banks to withdraw
their notes from circulation and to supply their
place by United States notes.
Let us examine these measures and see what
would be their practical operation. Under
the first plan, if adopted, the United States
greenbacks would be gradually retired, and all
finally withdrawn from circulation, their place
being supplied by the notes of the national
banks, which would then be the sole circulating
medium of the country, and would amount to
about seven hundred million dollars. The
Government having returned to specie pay-
ments would require the banks to redeem in
specie. Could they do it? "Would they be so
firmly established in public confidence as to
maintain such a circulation redeemable in
coin ? There is no probability, scarcely a pos-
sibility, that such would be the case. What
would be the result? The law which created
them says they must redeem in lawful money,
which would then be gold and silver only. But
a higher law—that of necessity—compels them
to refuse. It would then be the duty of the
Comptroller of the Currency to close them up
under the currency act; but this course would
deprive the country of a currency, and cause
wide-spread bankruptcy and commercial ruin.
Would not this unavoidable suspension be
legalized, as has always been the case in like
circumstances, under the State-bank system,
and specie payments be thus indefinitely post-
poned?
By the other plan the Government would
compel the banks to withdraw their circula-
tion, supplying its place with an equal amount
of greenbacks, and thus giving an exclusive
Go vernment circulation of about seven hundred
million dollars. In its attempt to resume aud
maintain specie payments on this large amount
of paper the Government would have no sup-
port from what is now the national banking
in terest, which so largely represents the capital
of the country and is the great creditor of the
nation. On the contrary, this interest would
