1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1739
be able at any time to present so large an
amount of greenbacks for redemption as to
compel the Treasury to suspend. Not only
would it have the power thus to compel the
Government to suspend specie payments, but
such a course might often be favorable to its
interest. Under such circumstances Wall
street could on any day drive the Government
to suspension.
Both these plans lead from, and not toward,
specieresumplion. Theone proposes to double
the amount of paper currency now issued by
the banks, and at the same time to withdraw
the United States notes, the only medium for
the redemption of this bank paper, substituting
nothing in their stead. The other proposes to
uproot our whole banking system, interwoven,
as it is, with all the business interests of the
country, and to array this great financial inter-
est in hostility to the Government at a time
when union, harmony, and an identity of in-
terest are of the most vital importance.
I am decidedly opposed to both these plans.
We are in no condition to make rash experi-
ments. The measures of financc now to be
adopted, to be successful, must not declare nor
lead to a war by the Government against the
banks of the country, nor to placing the banks
in antagonism to the United States Treasury.
Neither should they be such as to fasten upon
the country as its only currency an issue of
bank paper which must, from the very nature
of the case, continue irredeemable for an indefi-
nite time.
With the present mixed circulation let us
see how the resumption of specie payments
could be resumed and maintained. This cir-
culation is nearly equally divided between the
banks and the Government, the Government
notes underlying the whole. Let the Govern-
ment adopt a policy which shall gradually
bring its currency to a par value with gold,
completing this work by an actual redemption
of its paper money in coin ; let the banks be
allowed to redeem their notes in this Govern-
ment paper, approaching and at length made
equal in value to gold. The banks holding as
a reserve more than one half the United States
legal-tender notes would have no motive for
presenting this amount for redemption, as the
notes would answer their wants as well as gold.
Their interest would bo to sustain the credit
of the Government paper, which would then
be the basis of their own circulation, and to
support the Government in its efforts to sus-
tain specie payments. Under such circum-
stances there could be no run upon the United
States Treasury that would exhaust or even
weaken its power of payment, and the inevit-
able result would be that not only the United
States notes, but also all the other authorized
currency of the country, would be brought to
a par value with gold.
Mr. Speaker, in order to resume and main-
tain specie payments it is necessary to combine
and bind by one common bond of union all the
great financial interests of the country, uniting
them in support of the Government, which
must, lead the way in resumption. To this end,
I believe the present double circulation of the
Government and the banks should be continued;
and that experience will confirm and estab
lish this continuance as a part of our settled
financial policy. With a view to the attain-
ment of these objects, at the commencement
of the present session I introduced the follow-
ing bills, which were referred to the Committee
on Banking and Currency. I here introduce
them, with some amendments, which I intend
to propose, should they come up for action, and
to thein I now desire to call the attention of
the House:
A bill to provide against undue expansions and
contractions of tlio currency.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tive'.-of the United States of America in. Congress assem-
bled, That the Secretary of tile Treasury be and is
hereby, authorized and directed to issue Umted
States coupon bonds to an amount not exceeding
S3fl0 000,000, of such denominations, not less t han S>100,
or tile multiple ot SI00, as the Secretary shall pie-
scribo, payable in lawful money, on demand, bearing
interest at the rate of four per cent, per annum,
payable quarter yearly in lawful money, and subject
to State, municipal, and local taxation; said bonds
to be issued to any person paying therefor the par
value thereof in lawful money at the Treasury of the
United States, and shall bo redeemed by the United
States at any time twenty years alter their first issue
and not earlier, except at the option of the holder,
as hereinafter provided, and at the expiration of said
twenty years shall be paid in coin.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the bonds
issued under the provisions of this act bhall bo signed
by the First or Second Comptroller or the Register
of the Treasury, and countersigned by such other
officer or officers of the Trcasuiy us the Secretary
of the Treasury may designate, and shall be issued
under the seal of the Treasury Department. The
interest coupons may bo signed by sucli person or
persons, or executed in such manner, as may be des-
ignated by tile Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 3. And be it farther cnacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall take up said bonds when-
ever presented for that purposo at the Treasury of
the United States, paying therefor, in lawful money,
the par value thereof a lid the accrued in teres tthei eon,
to the amount of any matured and unpaid coupon
thereto attached; and the bonds so taken up may bo
reissued in manner piovided for their lirst issue, the
interest which may have accrued on any coupon
thereto attached, at tile time of said reissue, being
paid by the purchaser in addition to the par value
ol the bonds; and said bonds may continue to be re-
issued as before at any time oi thuesduiiug the period
of ten years, after which they shall not be again reis-
sued.
A bill to provide for the gradual resumption of
specie payments.
_ Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America i n Conprris assem-
bled, That on and after the 1st day of May, 18G8, the
United States notes now outstanding shall, when
received in the course of oidinary transactions at
the Treasury of the United States, be destroyed under
tile direction of the Secietaryof the Treasury, and
in lieu thereof the Secietaay of the Treasury is
hereby authoiized and directed to is^ue new United
States notes of the same denominations as those in
lieu of which they are issued, payable in com on de-
mand, at the Treasury of the United States, at and
after one year from date; and all notes of national
banks so received at the Treasury shall, under such
regulations as tho Secretary shall prescribe, he re-
deemed by tho banks issuing the same in United
States legal-tender notes, and tho last-named notes
when received at the Treasury shall bodestroved,
and in their stead notes authorized bv this act shali
bo issued ns hereinbefore piovided. The whole
amount of the now notes authoiized by this section
shall not execcd the amount of United States notes
now outstanding, exclusive of fi actional currency.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That notes author-
ized by this act shall be legal tender for the redemp-
tion of national bank notes, and for all other pur-
poses, by and to alt parties, except, by the United
States, in payment of other such notes as have
already matured, or in payment ol tho interest on
tiic public debt where sueh interest is now, or here-
a,fter may be, payable according to law in coin ; and
also except before maturity in paymcnttotheUnitcd
States for duties on impoits. And in case of the
receipt at the Treasury before or after maturity, or
the redemption at and alter matuiity, of any of tho
notes authorized by this act, the Secretary of tlio
Trcasuiy is lieieby authorized and directed to re-
issue the notes so received or redeemed, or to issue
an equal amount and no more of other like notes,
payable as hereinbefore provided,, on demand, at
and after one 5 ear from date, except as provided lor
in section three of this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Thatthc Secretary
ot the Treasury is hereby authorized, alter the pay-
ment in specie herein provided lor shall have act-
ually commenced, at his discretion, to issue the notes
hereby authorized for periods of less than one year,
but not loss than three months. Ho shall also issuo
new notes of like denominations, in lieu of any notes
herein authorized which shall have been redeemed;
and ho is also authorized to purchase at. any time
coin requisite to enable him to redeem such notes;
and in payment thcrclor he may, at his discretion,
issue to an amount not exceeding fiity million doltais
bonds of tl>  United States in such form as be may
prescribe, of denominations not less than, fifty dol-
lars, payable at any period not more than forty years
Irom date of issue, redeemable at the pleasure of the
Government at or after five years from sueh date,
a.nd tho interest on sueh bonds shall be payable semi-
annually in com, or in other lawiul money, at tho
rate, if payable in coin, of not exceedingsix p, rccnt.
per annum, if in other biwiul money not exceeding
seven and three tenths per cent, per annum; and the
rate andcharael cr o t interest shall be expressed on all
sueh bonds' ]',ovided, That no sueh bonds shall be
issued at less than par in lawful money of the Uni-
ted States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That an accurate
account sh.ill be kept by tho Treasurer of the United
States of the amount and denominations of all the
United States notes received into the Tieasuryot the
United States and destroyed, and iic shall also keep
an accurate account of the amount and denomina-
tions of notes issued under authority of this act. The
United States notes authorized by this act shall be in
such form as the Secretary of tho Treasury may di-
rect, and shall bear the written or engraved signa-
tures of the Treasurer of tlio United States and the
Register of the Treasury, and also, as evidence ot
lawful issue, tlio imprint eopy of_ the seal ol the
Treasury Department, which imprint shall be made
under the direction of the Secretary, after said notes
shall be received from the engravers and before they
are issued.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That from and
after the passage of this act no gold nor silver be-
longing to the United States shall be sold or paid out
from tho Treasury, except in payment of lawfully
authoiized gold certificates, or in payment of inter-
est on tho public debt, where the same is, according
to law, payable in coin, or as authorized in this aet,
or otherwise, expressly by law. But the exchange
of bullion for coin with tho United States mints is
not hereby made unlawful.
These are the same bills, with some slight
amendments, introduced by me at the last ses-
sion of the Thirty-Ninth Congress. But, con-
traction being then regarded as the only road
to resumption, tliey failed to obtain the honor
of a bearing. As we are now about to take a
new departure and adopt a new policy, I trust
tliey may be more successful, and receive that
consideration which tho importance of the sub-
ject demands.
The bill "to prevent undue expansion and
contraction of the currency" provides for regu-
lating the volume of the currency by the opera-
tion of the laws of trade and the business
wants of the country rather than by arbitrary
enactments or the exercise of a discretionary
power by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
also provides a means for the investment of
capital temporarily idle—liberating it when the
needs of business demand, thus making the
Government greenback currency as flexible
and adaptable to the business wants of the
country and that of the national banks.
The bill provides for the issue of coupon
bonds to the amount of SJoOO,000,000, of de-
nominations of plOO and the multiple of $100,
payable on demand at tile Treasury of the
United States, with interest quarter yearly at
the rate ol" four per cent, in lawful money. It
also provides that these bonds shall bo issued
to any person applying for them at the Treas-
ury of the United States upon paying for the
same at their par value and the accrued inter-
est thereon in United States notes; and that
the holder of the bonds may reijxehange them
at his option, receiving for them the par value
and accrued interest to the amount of any over-
due and unpaid coupon. These bonds have no
connection with those representing the funded
debt. They are all of one class, and all con-
vertible at the will of the holder. There can
bo no confusion as to the amount out. There
must always be just tho amount of bonds to
supply the demand, and just greenbacks enough
in the Treasury to redeem all the' bonds which
can be presented. There is no casting of in-
terest on incoming bonds, as the over-due and
unpaid coupon, added to their price, will just
represent the amount due. All accrued inter-
est on a bond presented for redemption less
than a full coupon would be so much gain to
the Government, and would help to pay the
expense of making the conversion. To a great
extent, probably, the bonds wouid come in
only on quarter days. Only on issuing would
it be necessary to compute interest.
The substantial features of this bill have
been adopted in several bills which have been
introduced during the present session. They
have been incorporated into the funding bill
recently reported to the Senate by the Finance
Committee, (section five,) and also by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butlkk] into
his "financial scheme," and very happily
christened the "automatic, self-adjusting sys-
tem of finance."
This bill having received such distinguished
indorsement here, and having been approved
by the leading journals of the country, 1 confi-
dently expect to see it enacted into law during
the present session; and, believing it has not
been improved by the alterations to which it
has been subjected, I trust it may be passed
substantially as introduced.
The Senate bill, to which I have alluded,
provides for the consolidation of the whole
national debt into one description of bonds,
registered or coupon, and then by section live,
which contains the principal feature of this
bill, allows such bonds to be converted and
reconverted to the amount of $400,000,000.
