1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Dixon.
Senate.
country. Some ofthe members of the Senate seemed
to doubt their power under the Constitution which
they had just repudiated, and wholly outside of which
all agreed that we were acting, else our whole work
of reconstruction was usurpation; or, perhaps, tliey
had a desire to be thought to be grossly conservative
and magnanimous. The ideas seemed to control the
action of some half a dozen Senators, who preferred
trusting the President. My dear Colonel, afcw Sen-
ators of great ability, undoubted patriotism, and
purity have become so saturated with what they are
pleased to call conservatism (whose meaning, I con-
fess, I am unable to understand) that I fear they
will forget the monster that was slain in 1776 and
again in 1861; and will thus do great damage to the
creation of a Government now so capable of being
converted into a political paradise. This i3 liable to
happen, not so much by a direct and palpable attack
upon its framework as by gradually foigetting the
vital principles of the Declaration of Independence.
Strike out one of the living sparks which gave life to
our Goddess of Liberty, and a mysterious and intense
heat, whose welding iires near a century ago and at
present are fusing principles of freedom and reduc-
ing despotism to cinders, will gradually cool, until
the most conservative despot could thrust his sword
into itwithout affecting its temper. I have said above
I did not know the meaning of conservatism. 1 have
since seen the report of a speech said to have been
made by an Ohio Senator at Canton, Ohio, which, if
it be truly reported, and is to be considered as a defi-
nition of that doctrine, then it to me is very^alarm-
ing, worse than copperheadism. It is lesislation
without authority and reconstruction by usurpa-
tion.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
THADDEUS STEVENS.
Colonel Samuel Schoch, Columbia, Pennsylvania.
With the passage of the first reconstruction
act, so called, commenced the final and com-
plete triumph of ultra-radicalism in the Re-
publican party. If there were some feeble
struggles to resist the inevitable tendency they
were unavailing. On the 2d day of March,
1867, the first of the series of measures now
appearing as laws on your statute-book and
proposed to be supplemented by the bill now
under consideration was enacted. The whole
country was in a state of actual peace, so de-
clared to be by the proclamation of the Presi-
dent of August, 1866, ratified and recognized by
the act of Congress of March 2,1867, as already
cited. In the language of Mr. Thaddeus Ste-
vens "it was legislation without authority
and reconstruction by usurpation." I can
only rapidly glance, at the extraordinary pro-
visions of this bill pushed through the House
by Mr. Stevens under the previous question.
The whole country knows its contents by
heart. The writ of habeas corpus it suspends,
unless its issue be authorized by a military
officer; it establishes a military despotism
throughout the ten States so harsh and severe
that one of the officers in command has been
charged with violating the law and threatened
with dismissal for intimating a design to give
the civil authority, in some few instances, su-
premacy over military power. Under the pre-
tense of establishing a republican form of gov-
ernment every vestige of liberty has been blot-
ted out and every guarantee of human rights
known to our Constitution utterly abolished
and destroyed. The right of suffrage has
been indiscriminately extended to an ignorant
race, many of whom have not the slightest
conception of the meaning of the act of voting.
Sir, here I would gladly stop. I am not un-
mindful that there are men of generous and
magnanimous natures who, forgetting the high
and sacred character of the voter's duty, and
the dependence upon its proper and intelligent
exercise of the very existence of republican
institutions, imagine we have a right indul-
gently to confer the privilege of suffrage, as we
would confer a private benefaction, upon all
alike, whether qualified or not for its exercise.
But, if we acknowledge that the honest advo-
cates of universal suffrage are not without a
elaim to our sympathy, even when their argu-
ments do not convince our judgments, what
shall we say when we find that this show of
universal suffrage now made by the advocates
of the congressional policy is only a pretext
and a delusion. Youdonot, after all yourpre-
tenses, mean universal suffrage. On the con-
trary, your law actually disfranchises a large
portion of the white people, lou refuse to
adopt intelligence as a test, and then you pro-
ceed to strip that class whom you know to be
most intelligent of the right of voting which
they have always enjoyed. Thousands upon
thousands of the thinking minds of the South
find themselves deprived of the right of voting
by a law which you dare to tell the country is
intended to make suffrage universal. I find,
sir, under this law, that almost every man capa-
ble of holding the pettiest office comes under
the ban ofyour proscription, and is to be allowed
no share in the government of the community
in which he lives. How is this done ? Not on
the face of the law, but in a manner furtive and
deceptive. The fourteenth proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution provides that a cer-
tain specified class, including all who ever held
any office, shall, under certain circumstances,
be deprived of the privilege of holding office
under the State or Federal Government. The
reconstruction law simply provides that allwho,
by this proposed amendment, were to be ex-
cluded from office shall be refused registration
as voters. Thus the work is done. How many
white men are thus reduced to apolitical condi-
tion beneath that of their former slaves it is diffi-
cult accurately to ascertain. The Senatorfrom
Indiana [Mr. Morton] admits the number to
be fifty thousand. I have no doubt, judging
from the effect which such an exclusion would
have if existing in my own State, that the
number disfranchised in the entire South is at
least two hundred thousand. But take the esti-
mate of the Senator from Indiana, namely,
fifty thousand ; that number accomplishes the
object of the disfranchisement. We find that
the negro majority on the total registration lists
of the whole South, as given in the Tribune
Almanac, is about forty-five thousand in the
aggregate. The disfranchisement of fifty thou-
sand white men accomplishes, therefore, the
intended object, negro supremacy. In five
States this supremacy is complete and over-
whelming. In Virginia, by the same authority,
the white majority is only six per cent., and in
Georgia only one per cent. So that in those
two States, also, the black vote, controlled as it
is and held in one compact body by emissaries
from the North, governs the State.
But, sir, even this is not all. The supremacy
of the colored population is not,, as some Sen-
ator has claimed, temporary, and confined to
the election for members of the conventions
and the ratification of the State constitutions.
The perpetuity of this supremacy is provided
for by a contrivance which exceeds in diaboli-
cal ingenuity anything ever recorded in the
annals of political management. The new con-
stitution of Alabama, which we now propose
to ratify and confirm, although supposed to be
rejected by the popular vote in that State, con-
tains the following provisions, which continue
in force the disfranchisement of the white popu-
lation whose registration as voters is now pro-
hibited by congressional legislation, and also
forever disfranchise every man who will not
bind himself by oath, in effect, never to oppose
unqualified universal negro suffrage. These
provisions .will undoubtedly, under instructions
from headquarters, be copied into all the
southern State constitutions. Ilere they are,
as they stand in tlie new constitution of Ala-
bama :
" It shall be the duty of the General Assembly to
provide, from time to time, for the registration of all
electors; but the following classes of persons shall
not be permitted to register, vote, or hold olhco ;
"Those who may be disqualified iromholding
office by the proposed amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the "United States known as article fourteen,
and those who have been disqualified from register-
ing to vote for delegates to theconvention to frame a
constitution tor tho State of Alabama, under the act
of Congress to provide for the most efficient govern-
ment of the rebel States, passed by Congress March
2,1867, and the acts supplementary thereto, cxcopt
such persons as aided in the reconstruction proposed
by Congress, and accept the political equality ot all
men before the law: Provided, That the General As-
sembly shall have power to remove the disabilities
incurred under this clause.
" A11 persons, before registering, must take and sub-
scribe thefollowing oath: ' I, , do solemnly
swear (or affirm) that I will support and maintain the
Constitution and laws of the United States and the
constitution and laws of the State of Alabama; that
I am not excluded from registering by any of the
clauses in section three, article seven, of the consti-
tution of the State of Alabama; that I will never
countenance or aid in the secession of thisState from
the United States; that I accept tho civil and polit-
ical equality of all men, and agree not to attempt to
deprive any person or persons, on account of race,
color, or previous condition, of any political or civil
right, privilege, or immunity enjoyed by any other
class of men; and, furthermore, that I willnot in any
way injure, or countenance in others any attempt to
injure, any porson or persons on account of past or
present support of the Government of the United
States, the laws of the United States, orthe principle
of political and civil equality of all men, or for affilia-
tion with any political party."
What, sir, is the object of this? Is it pre-
tended that it is needed to protect the black
man in a State where he is a voter, and where
his race has an immense majority of registered
voters? No, sir; that is a mere pretext. He
needs no such protection. It is designed to
continue, as it will ever continue in force, the
disfranchisement and humiliation of the white-
population. Sir, apply it to your own State.
How large a proportion of your own people
would be disfranchised if you demanded of
them an oath never to vote against negro suf-
frage? How many of my own? And yet the
people are told that negro supremacy at the
South is a fable devised for political effect.
My colleague has discovered an excuse for
the disfranchisement of this large proportion
of the intelligent white people of the South,
which certainly is new with him, and the inge-
nuity of no other Senator has suggested it. He
does not trouble himself as to the fact, nor
attempts to diminish the estimated number;
but he boldly asserts that nobody is disfran-
chised at all, because, by the rebellion the
whites had all forfeited the right of voting;
and, as it only has not been restored to them,
they were disfranchised already. Does my
colleague suppose that by such a technicality
he can satisfy honest, plain people, who desire
to do right? When he argues that the blacks
of his own State ought not to be disfranchised
would he be satisfied with the answer that we
do not disfranchise them because they were
disfranchised already ? Sir, my colleague knows
very well that if the disfranchised white peo-
ple of the South ought to be permitted to vote-
now the more especially, as their emancipated
slaves have that privilege—it is the merest
mockery to say that our law does not disfran-
chise them because they were disfranchised
already. Ilemove, then, the disfranchisement
if it ought to be removed, as, by your law, you
have power to do. If you refuse to do this,
then boldly avow your purpose, and do not
seek refuge in technicalities like these. But,
in point of fact, my colleague is entirely mis-
taken in supposing that the white people of the
southern States, who are now refused registra-
tion as voters, were disfranchised before the
passage of the act of Congress, by which they
are denied the right of suffrage. It. is not true
that they were, as my colleague alleges, dis-
franchised already. On the contrary, their right
to vote was fully recognized by the proposed
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution,
which proceeded on the idea that suffrage was
confined to the white people of the South.
The Legislatures which refused to ratify that
amendment were chosen by white voters oply.
The blacks were then the only disfranchised
class; so that my colleague's technical defense
is unsupported by the facts in the case.
Sir, I have observed that very few Senators
openly excuse and defend the disfranchise-
ment of white men at the South. Some de-
clare that it was forced upon them by the
House of Representatives; some deny that it
exists to so greatanextentasisactuallyshown;
but nearly all, by their mode of treating it,
acknowledge it to be a great wrong. Why,
then, is not the evil remedied? It is not, even
now, too late. You have power to, at ouo
