1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2768
Rhode Island and Connecticut have from fifty
to seventy dollars of banking circulation per
inhabitant, while there are other States that
have none whatever, and are now demanding
facilities to move their crops. That is the case
especially in the South. Will you give them
no relief? Will you allow this inequality to
prevail ? Will yon allow certain States to absorb
the banking capital of this country, and other
States, poor and demanding help and aid from
your national banking associations, to have
none whatever? If you refuse to do it when
the case is so palpable and gross as this, instead
of avoiding public clamor I think you will
excite public clamor against the whole system.
We provide in section five, without changing
the national bank act at all, for an expansion
of the limit, so that banks with a very limited
amount of capital, not to exceed $20,000,000,
and probably the amount will even be reduced
below that, may be organized in States and
Territories where the banking circulation is less
than five dollars to an inhabitant. Some of the
States have fifty or sixty dollars per inhabitant.
Now, will the Senate refuse to give to other
States that have no circulation the small pit-
tance of five dollars' circulation for each in-
habitant in order that they may share fairly in
the benefit of the national circulation ? If you
refuse to do that for political reasons, and
leave that duty undone, it seems to me you will
excite public clamor against your refusal to
legislate much more than you will by taking
any responsibility.
I now desire, once for all, utterly to repu-
diate all disposition to avoid or evade these
financial questions. I am willing to take up
the banking subject and consider it fairly and
vote upon it, and not avoid it for fear that it may
do harm. In regard to the grfeat problem of
finance involved in the funding of the public
debt, the issue of new bonds, and the rate of
interest, I think it would be well enough and
not unwise to consider that great question at a
time when there is no political excitement,
when there is no pending election. But, sir,
we cannot, as a Congress, refuse to correct
these gross and palpable abuses in any portion
of our financial system that are made known
to us, properly called to our attention, without
assuming a responsibility that I, for one, will
not. Such is the state o'f public business that
if this bill is now postponed it cannot be taken
up again. Thete are the reconstruction bills
and a thousand other bills that are pressing upon
us. The tax bill and many others will crowd it
aside. Thisisabillofwise, judicious, restrictive
legislation. Every provision is restrictive of
the system, tends to fortify it, to increase the
confidence of the people in it. I say that under
these circumstances we ought not to postpone
the consideration of this bill but to meet it
fairly. If any of these amendments are not
proper in themselves, as a matter of course the
Senate is here to correct them. Tliey have
been fully considered by the Committee on
Finance, and, I believe, are reported unani-
mously with but a single exception, and as to
that there is a difference of opinion rather in
regard to amount than to principle, and the
very section to which my friend from Pennsyl-
vania objects is one that, in my judgment, is
vital; one that will protect country banks, that
will protect the eountry people and the country
merchant. Why, sir, I know now banks in the
State of Ohio that loan every dollar of their
surplus capital in the city of New York, be-
cause they can deposit it there at their call and
receive four or five per cent, interest for the
deposit, while they refuse to the merchant, to
the farmer, and to the produce dealer any
accommodation whatever.
Do you say that that is for the benefit of the
countryman? When my friend from Pennsyl-
vania talks about the country as against the
city, he appeals to a weak principle in our
nature. I am disposed to gowith him for the
protection of the country against the city; but
is it for the protection of the country that all
banking capital should be drawn from the
eountry and deposited in the city merely t,o
enable bankers that own the banks in Ohio
! and western Pennsylvania to draw interest on
' their surplus capital? Not at all. It is a dodge
which ought to be corrected, and which the
country banks themselves desire to correct.
It is not for the interest of city banks to pass
this part of the bill. They are perfectly willing
to receive these deposits and pay interest on
them. They do not want this bill except as
the abuse itself tends to injure the system.
Sir, the adoption of this bill would restore
the banking system to its legitimate purpose
of distributing the circulation all over the
country by requiring the banks to loan their
money in the ordinary way to their people at
home, and not excite them by large profits, by
the payment of interest on their reserve, and
by such unnatural means drain the money from
the country into the city where it may be made
the sport of the stock gambler. At one time
last winter money in New York was worth three
or four per cent., owing to the accumulation of
the deposits in banks, while in the West it was
worth ten per cent. The great object of the
national bank system was to distribute the cir-
culation over the country so that every State
and every community might have its fair share.
The operation of this bill will be simply restric-
tive upon the abuses carried on by country and
city banks in drawing interest upon their reserve,
and thus defeating the very purpose and policy
of the banking act.
I ask Senators, therefore, to consider this
bill. I do not intend to debate it. I did not
intend to say this much about it. It is up, and
I hope the Senate will not postpone it. Let us
act on what amendments are vitally necessary,
and if in the opinion of the Senate any amend-
ment is not vitally necessary lay it aside ; but
let us correct some of these glaring abuses that
have arisen in the administration of the bank-
ing department, and then send the bill to the
House of Kepresentatives, where, I have no
doubt, it will meet with the hearty and prompt
assentofthe House. This bill does not involve
any change in our system, any radical change
in our finances, any change in our banks. It
simply corrects gross and palpable abuses that
have come to light in the actual administration
of the banks, and every change it makes is now
demanded by the head of the banking depart-
ment, and I think ought at once to be assented
to by the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, the Sena-,
tor from Ohio said in a part of his remarks
that my objection to the first part of the bill
was "a dodge." I do not know exactly what
is meant by •' a dodge,'' but I desire to say to
him that if he means that I have any stock
speculations he does great injustice to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. I assure the Senator I
did not 
Mr. CAMEROON. Let me go on. I have
heard it rumored that the Senator himself deals
in stocks ; but I have nothing to do with them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I feel bound to say to the
Senator that he is totally unauthorized in that
statement. I do not like, to a gentleman of
his character and position, to use the language :
1 feel inclined to use in regard to such a charge. ]
I meant nothing unkind. I said this was a
dodge, not by the Senator, but by some of the
ban ks.
Mr. CAMERON. To me that word does
not sound very polite. But I desire to say that i
in regard to the first part of the bill—1 have
spoken before on that subject—I think it is an
amendment to the law for the purpose of bene-
fiting the city banks in this way: by the bank-
ing law the country banks are compelled to ;
deposit a certain amount of their capital in the ,
city for the purpose of redeeming their notes. !
While that deposit is there it is but fair that it
should be paid for. They cannot use it at home !
among their customers, because the law com- j
pels them to send it away from home. Besides ;
that, the natural course of trade takes all the
capital of the country into the cities at par-
ticular periods of the year. Men in the country
borrow money for the purpose of forwarding
the products of the country. At certain periods
of the year, in an agricultural district, the
crops are to be moved; at other portions of
the year the flocks and herds are to be sent to
market, and, in the mining districts, the prod-
ucts of the mines. In Pennsylvania our coal
is the great product which we send abroad, and
from which we get our capital to carry on our
trade. The money which the country banks
use for these purposes is wanted at home only
during certain portions of the year. At other
periods of the year, while it is lying idle to
them and is deposited in New York or Phila-
delphia or Boston or other places, it is but fair
that they should have a fair price for the use
of it.
The Senator said that money could be had
in New York at four per cent., while in the
country the people had to pay ten. I think he
is mistaken in that. I heard him once before
say that he or I could borrow money in New
York at four per cent. That is not correct. In
New York men borrow money by the day at
four or five or six per cent., as it may happen,
to place it in stock or other speculations; but
that is not a loan ; it is a mere deposit on call,
for the security of which those who obtain the
money put up Government or other bonds or
stocks equally good as collateral. That is not
a regular loan, but a mere landing over of
money for a price, out of which the person
who borrows it expects to make a very large
profit. In the country it is not so ; the custom-
ers are regular there, and they get their money
from their bank at the legal interest, whatever
it may be ; in New York seven, in Pennsylva-
nia six per cent.
The greater portion of the Senator's speech
was a patriotic display of words in favor of
States which have no banks, and he provides
for them $20,000,000 of banking capital. I
will go with him as far as he desires, or any-
body else may desire, to furnish the States
which have been in rebellion with banks as
soon as they wish to have them. As soon as
they are brought into the Union I shall be one
of the first to give them the banking facilities
they may require. At present they do not
need much; but if they did, how far would
his $20,000,000 go? It would scarcely furnish
oue State of all these unreconstructed States.
I think if the Secretary of the Treasury would
turn his attention to using the money he now
has in the Treasury—his $100,000,000, which,
1 believe, is the sum he constantly keeps there
ii^gold—to pay off the public debt or to buy
\n'- the Government loans as they are offered
at a low price he would do a great deal more
service to the country than by agitating it upon
the subject of banking just now.
I thought I had taken notes of what the Sen-
ator said, but I have mislaid some of them.
I did wish to answer him on another point,
but it has escaped my mind. l?or the present,
1 only desire that this bill shall lie over. It is
not the time to discuss it, and I do not think
the Senate are prepared to act on it. At least
I am not. I certainly hope it will be post-
poned for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, to postpone the bill until to-morrow,
upon which motion the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. COKBETT. Mr. President, this bill is
certainly a very important one. I have not
been able to examine the amendments myself,
j and I should like to have the opportunity of
! examining some of them carefully. I should
i like to ask whether the bill cannot be informally
laid aside so as to be called up at any time.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let it be made the order
of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it be made the special
order for to-morrow at one o'clock, I shall not
object. .
Mr. CORBETT. I move that it be made
ij the special order for to-morrow. _ _ •
;, Mr. SHERMAN. The only objection I have
'! to that is that it may be affected by unfinished
I business. If the Senate really desire to^ look
II into the bill, and are willing to take it up
