2764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June
to-morrow, I sball interposesio objection, for
I think the more they will examine it the more
they will approve it. It' it cau be made the
special order so as to be taken up at one o' clock
to-morrow, I shall be satisfied.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 am not in favor of mak-
ing it the special order for to-morrow.
Mr. CORBETT. I will make that motion,
that it be made the special order for to-morrow
atone o'clock.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. It is moved
that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed, and that it be made the special
order for oueo1 clock to-morrow. This branch
of the motion requires a two-thirds vote.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I think there is other
business for to-morrow, and I was about to
state what it was, but I see that the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee is now here, and
perhaps he can make a statement as to the
probability of business for to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. [ think the Senator from
Oregon had better withdraw his request and
let us go on now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I certainly hope no
special order will be made for to-morrow. I
think it very important that we should go on
with the bills to admit the lately rebel States
to representation. There are live of them
now in which constitutions have been adopted
and which are ready to be represented in Con-
gress as soon as Congress takes action.
Mr. CORBEIT. i withdraw the motion to
make the bill a special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question is on the motion of the Senator from
■Pennsylvania, to postpone the bill until to-
moirow, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Chandler,
Ocmkiing, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Kdmuuds,
I'reliughuysen, Hendricks, MeCreery, Nye, Patter-
son ot Kow Hampshire, liamsey, Saulsbury, Stew-
art, Tipton, Xrumbuil, Wade, and Yates—21.
NAYS — Messrs. Bayard, Oattell, Cole, Doolittle,
JFerry, Kesseuden, Henderson, Morgan,Morrill ol Ver-
mont, Patterson ot' Tennessee, Koss, Sherman, Sum-
ner. V ;tn Winkle, Viekers, Wiliey, Williams, and Wil-
son—18.
ABSKNT—- Messrs. Anthony, Davis, Dixon, Fowler,
Orimes. Harlan, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Moirill of
Maine, Morton, Norton, Pomeroy, Sprague, and
Thayer—15.
So the consideration of the bill was post-
poned until to-morrow.
cocirr of claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 move that the Sen'
proceed to the consideration of the bill pro-
viding for appeals from the Court of Claims.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 10-iJ to pro-
vide for appeals from the judgments of the
Court of Claims, and for other purposes, the
pending question being on the amendment
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary,
as amended, to insert the following as section
four:
Sec, i. And be it further enacted. That no plaintiff
or claimaui.or any person trom or through whom
any such plaintiff or claimant derives his alleged
tiue, claim, or right against the United States, or
any person interested m any such title, claim, or
right shall be a competent witnej-s in the Couit of
Cl..ims in supporting any such title, claim, or right,
and no testimony given by such plaintiff, claimant,
oi person, shall be used : Provided, That the United
States shall, ii they see eause, have the right to ex-
amine such plaintiff, claimant, or person as a witness,
under the regulations and with the privileges pro-
vided ill section eight of the aet passed March 3,
18fj8, entitled " An act to amend an act to establish
a court lor the investigation of claims against the
United States, approved February 24, 1850."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
the Judiciary was to insert as section live:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That from and
after the 1st day of May, 18(58, the Attornoy General
ot the United States !^r the time being, shall, with
his assistants, attend to 0\e prosecution and defense
ot all matters and suits in-the Court of Claims, on
behalf of the United States. Thereshall beappointed
by the President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, two Assistant Attorneys General, who
shall iiold their offices tor lour years respectively,
unless sooner lawfully removed, and whose salaries
shall be J each per year, payable quarterly, and
who shall be in lieu of the solicitor and assistant
solicitor of the Court of Claims, and of the Assist-
ant Attorney Gen em i now provided for by law: and
the existing offices of solicitor and assistant solicitors
of the Court ot Claims, und of Assistant Attorney
General, are hereby abolished from and after the 1st
day of May, 18t)S. The Attorney General shall have
power to appoint two additional clerks of the fourth
class, and one clerk at a salary not exceeding $2,000,
in his office.
Sir. EDMUNDS. I move, in the first place,
iti the twelfth line of that amendment, after
the word " solicitor,"' to insert the words " and
deputy solicitor," and to strike out at the end
of the eleventh line the word "and,'' so as
to read: "shall be in lieu of the solicitor,
assistant solicitor, and deputy solicitor," that
being the legal designation of these officers.
This is a merely verbal alteration.
The PRESlDENTjpro tempore. This verbal
amendment, to the amendment will be agreed
to if there be no objection. It is agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS, in the fourteenth line I
move to strike out the word "and" before
"assistant" and the letter "s" from "solicit-
ors," so as to make it read "solicitor," and
to insert the words " and deputy solicitor," so
as to read, " offices of solicitor, assistant soli-
citor, and deputy solicitor." That is a mere
verbal correction.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. Thatamend-
ment will be considered agreed to unless
objected to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I had not paid any atten-
tion to this subject; I was absent, I suppose,
when it was up for consideration before, and!
was not aware that it was coming up to-day.
This is a very important change proposed in
this fifth section, and I think the Senatorfrom
Vermont should give to the Senate the benefit j
of his reflections on the proposed change.
From a hurried perusal, I understand it is to
abolish our present legal organization for the
defense of the United States before the Court
of Claims, and to turn the business now per-
formed by the solicitor, and assistant solicitor
and deputy solicitor over to the Attorney Gen-
eral. It seems to me that this is a very inop-
portune time to make this change, at the close
of the wa'r, when by reason of the war a vast
amount of business has accumulated which it
will Ire necessary to dispose of within the next
yeat or two. 1 take it for granted that the
iVrce of the Attorney General's office and the
orce already organized in behalf of the Gov-
ernment in the Court of Claims will both be
necessary for the transaction of the public
business. If at any time a change of this sort
should be introduced, it would be most appro-
priate a few years hence, when this business that
has grown out of the war, as we well know, has
been disposed of, when there isnotliingto trans-
act except the ordinary business that arises in
time of peace. I hope, sir, the Senator from
Vermont will explain to us the reason for this
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will do that so far as I
can, with the greatest pleasure. The very fact
that there is a great deal of business in the
Court of Claims growing out of the war and
out of other subjects, is one of the reasons
which induced the Judiciary Committee to
believe that this change ought to be made. It
is not a new subject with that committee. At
a former session, a year ago or more—I forget
the precise time—the chairman of that com-
mittee reported a bill which was substantially
like this fifth section, I believe by the unani-
mous concurrence of the committee, in order
to produce what the committee believe to be a
salutary reform. That bill is on the Calendar
yet. In the press of affairs it was not reached
or acted upon. The subject again came to our
attention this year, when we came to consider
a bill offered for the purpose of providing
appeals from that court, so that the law which
should affect, claims to the amount of millions
against the Treasury Department might be
finally settled by the highest tribunal if the
United States chose to carry up those cases to
the Supreme Court, it having been the opinion
of the Court of Claims that what are called
the cotton claims were not the subjects of
appeal under the old law. We thought, there-
fore, when the subject was brought to our
attention again, that it was desirable to so
reorganize the operations in that court, so far
as the interests of the United States went, as
to defending it against unjust claims, as to have
a responsible head who should have the control
and who should be responsible for the proper
administration of the interests of the United
States in that court and on appeal from it.
It appeared to us that the office of Attorney
General was the true office to which should be
committed the law interests of the United
States; and I may go further and say that I
believe, and I think the committee believe,
but I am not authorized to state that for them,
that one of the greatest reforms that could now
be made would be to so reorganize the Attor-
ney General's office and the law business of
the Government as to put that office at the
head of all the law business of the Govern-
ment, to get rid of solicitors of departments
and all sorts of special appointments over the
country, from one end of it to the other, that
are now a great drain upon the Treasury, and
which, on account of great diversity and mul-
tifariousness and want of connection and
coherence between the management in one
part of the country and the management in
another, produce endless contention and very
great expense. To be sure, it. is not the fault
of the Departments that it is so; it is the fault
of the condition of the law which has not made
sufficient provision to meet all these exigen-
cies. Therefore it appeared to us that one of
the wisest tilings we could do as a beginning
upon this species of reform would be to put
the Attorney General, who presumably is a
man of the highest character and of the highest
legal ability, above all reproach and all tempt-
ation, at the head of the defense of these cases
in the Court of Claims, and to make liim
responsible for them not only there but in the
Supreme Court of the United States. It so
seemed to us, and 1 think it will commend
itself to the good sense of the Senate ; and that,
without intending to imply any relleetion upon
the character or fidelity of the gentlemen who
have so far had charge of these matters in the
Court of Claims: but the trouble is now, as the
law stands, that the whole business is out of
joint.
When cases of any kind go up from the
Court of Claims to the Supreme Court, as the
law now stands, it is the business of the solic-
itor of the Court of Claims, and not of the
Attorney General, no matter how vast may be
the interests that are at stake, no matter now
extensive the application of principles to be
decided may be, to attend to those causes, and
the Attorney General is left to have his De-
partment and the general interests of the Gov-
ernment affected by those decisions.
If we are to have an Attorney General
according to the original theory and spirit of
the law that provided for one, he certainly
ought to be the responsible executive head of
the defense of all the law claims that are brought
against the United States. It seemed so to me;
it seemed so to the committee. We thought,
therefore, without intending to be invidious in
the matter, that the true interests of the Gov-
ernment required us to turn over to that office,
with a sufficient force to execute it, the labor
and the responsibility of conducting these causes
from beginning to end.
These are the reasons, in brief, that affect
that part of the bill. The previous portion of
the bill, providing for appeals, providing for
the granting of new trials and the stajing of
paymentupon an orderof any one of the judges,
and providing for a rule of evidence as to
claimants who had been rebels, I dare say will
commend itself, without my occupying any
time on the points, to the good opinion of the
Senate. This, briefly, is the reasou why we
recommend this change which is proposed ia
the lifth section.
As I ,am up, I will move, as the time has
been running along, to strike out the word
