1868*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1741
any failure in an attempt to return to specie
payments would so impair public confidence'
as to retard resumption for years. We must
not begin until we can go through. We should
make no attempt that is not morally certain to
succeed. If we undertake only what the finan-
cial world regards as practicable to be accom-
plished we shall so inspire confidence as to
insure success. To inspire confidence rather
than to create distrust should now be the first
aim of our financial policy.
Here let me call attention to the difference
between the operation of these measures which
I have proposed and that of the contraction
policy. That policy produces stringency of the
money market and inspires distrust. These
bring x-eltef to both banks and business inter-
ests, summoning and rallying them to the sup-
port of the Government in its effort to restore
the currency to a firm basis. The policy of
those favoring contraction has been to decry,
depreciate, and discredit the national cur-
rency. These measures, on the other hand,
accredit the national paper by adapting its cir-
culation to the business wants of the country,
and by declaring that every dollar thereof shall
be paid in coin, in hard money, at a definite
and no distant time. Moreover, they propose
nothing but that which can be accomplished;
do not expose the country to the hazard of a
disastrous failure; are not violent and abrupt,
but gradual and gentle in their operation.
Their passage would, I believe, at once estab-
lish the currency upon a firm basis of public
confidence and remove from the public mind
many of the doubts which now darken our
financial future.
Mr. PERHAM obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, who
moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at three o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. in.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of Oliver
Goldsmith and others, journeymen cigar-
makers and manufacturers of cigars, of ihe
first congressional district of Michigan, ob-
jecting to the bill now proposed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means providing that a
stamp shall be affixed to each cigar; ap-
proving of a tax of five dollars per thousand
on domestic cigars; asking for a repeal of the
law compelling cigar-makers to take out per-
mits to work at their legitimate business ; ap-
proving of the present tariff on imported
cigars, and praying for an alteration of the
present system by selling the stamps to the
manufacturers.
Also, the petition of M. McCarthy and
others, of the same district, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of William Penfield and
others, of Michigan, praying for a reduction
of taxes, reduction of the Army and Navy, &c.
Also, the petition of Jacob Ilovey and oth-
ers, of Chelsea, Michigan, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of Silas Clark and others,
of Wyandotte, Michigan, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of S. P. Potter and others,
workmen iti the Iron mills, Wyandotte, Michi-
gan, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of F. W. Noble and others,
of Detroit, Michigan, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of Costello & Brother and
39 others, of Dexter, Michigan, to the same
effect.
By Mr. CAKE: The petition of A. M. Allen,
Esq., and others, citizens of Schuylkill county,
Pennsylvania, calling the attention of Congress
to the onerous tax paid by photographic artists
under the present revenue laws.
By Mr. IvOONTZ: The petition of Max B.
Richardson and 400 others, asking for reduc-
tion of expenses of the Government, and that
the taxes be correspondingly reduced, &c.
By Mr. CULLOM: The petition of a large
' number of citizens of the eighth congressional
district in Illinois, asking that stamps shall
be imposed and placed upon cigars.
By Mr. ORTH: The petition of John B. Wag-
ner and others, of La Fayette, Indiana, in
eference to tax on cigars and tobacco.
By Mr. PLANTS : The petition of Jesse
Baldwin, for the payment of the seven-thirty
notes of the issue of 18G1 in gold.'
By Mr. S1TGREAVES: The petition from
citizens of New Jersey, asking for a reduction
of the expenses of the Government to a strictly
peace basis.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 9, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CONKLING presented a concurrent
resolution of the Legislature of New York,
relative to the improvement of the harbor of
Buffalo ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. CONICLING. I present also the peti-
tion of one hundred and fifty colored men,
citizens of Georgia and Alabama. This peti-
tion is accompanied by a letter from a clergy-
man residing in the State of Georgia and a
letter from another person, adding somewhat
to the particulars given in the petition itself.
'The papers recite that these persons are desti-
tute, able to work and willing to work, but the
subjects of persecution and injustice which
prevent their obtaining a livelihood by their
labor. It recites that they are ready to work
for fifty or sixty dollars a year; that even that
they are unable to obtain; and that they are
so far oppressed by injustice and by need that
they wish, in company with many others, to
return to Africa, and they ask that an appro-
priation be made, not exceeding $100, for each
person who is willing to go to Liberia. They
say that they would be glad to defray their own
expenses if they were able to do it, but for
reasons which 1 have already indicated they
are not able. I move that this petition and
the papers accompanying it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I present several memo-
rials, all in the same language, from various
portions of the State of Michigan, addressed
to the two Houses of Congress, in which the
petitioners say: " We are now at peace with
all the world, and we demand that the expenses
of the Government shall be reduced to a strictly
peace basis and our taxes correspondingly re-
duced." They ask that the Navy may be
reduced from one hundred and three vessels
now in commission to thirty or less ; that the
great naval pageant or exhibition in Europe be
ordered home and laid up. They say they are
not willing to be taxed for the sake of sustaining
this royal mimicry. They demand a reduction
of the Army to twenty thousand men, a re-
duction of the sum asked for civil service to
ยง20,000,000; that the Navy appropriations be
reduced to S12,000,000, and the war appro-
priations to $35,000,000 or less ; together with
various other requests, respectfully addressed
to the Congress of the United States. One
of these petitions is from Calhoun county,
Michigan; another from Champion, Marquette
county, Michigan ; another from Washington
Mine, Marquette county, Michigan; another
from Morgan, in the same county, Michigan ;
another from Greenwood, in the same county;
another from Lansing, the capital of the State.
I move that they be referred to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present a petition of
citizens of Minnesota, of precisely the same
character as those just presented by the Sen-
ator from Michigan, and I move that it have
the same reference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I present the memorial of
JosepliSegar, of Virginia, in which he sets forth
that the Government seized upon his land and
used it during the war, destroying wood upon
it and five or six miles of fences, buildings, re-
ducing him in his property and means of liv-
ing ; he sets forth that he has been a truly
loyal man to the Government, and asks a
remedy. I move the reference of the memorial
to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON also presented a memorial of
Tilaston & Hollingsworth, S. D. Warren and
others, paper manufacturers, of Boston, Mas-
sachusetts, remonstrating against the passage
of an international copyright law; which was re-
ferred to the joint Committee on the Library.
Mr. MORGAN presented a remonstrance of
publishers of the city of New York against the
passage of an international copyright law;
which was referred to the joint Committee on
the Library.
He also presented a remonstrance of book-
binders of the city of New York, against the
passage of an international copyright law;
which was referred to the joint Committee on
the Library.
Mr. TIPTON presented a petition of citizens
of Nebraska, praying for a mail route connect-
ing Beatrice and Camden in that State ; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Ho also presented a petition of citizens of
Nebraska, praying the establishment of a mail
route from Ashland, Saunders countv, via Waho
Creek, Waho Ranch, and Racoon Fork of Oak
Creek to Ulysses, Butler county, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. BUCICALEW presented three petitions
of journeymen cigar makers and cigar manu-
facturers of the first, second, and third con-
gressional districts of Pennsylvania, remon-
strating against the bill proposing the affixing
of a stamp on each cigar; which were referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I present the petition
of Edward Levi and others, asking for such a
change of the Constitution of the United
States as will abolish the office of President of
the United Slates. I wish to say in present-
ing the petition that acting upon the principle
which 1 have always acted upon to present
petitions which are respectful in their form, I
present this without any sympathy whatever
with the petitioners for their object. I mova
that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I present the petition of
the constitutional convention in session at
Richmond, Virginia, in which they ask that the
disabilities imposed by the acts of Congress
upon John L. C. Danner, Esq., of that State,
be removed, and they assign as a reason that
Mr. Danner is a gentleman whose present loy-
alty as well as his great effort in the restoration
of the State to the Federal Union entitle him
to have the disabilities removed. I can add
that I know the gentleman myself, and I think
if any gentleman in Virginia should be relieved
from political disabilities it is Mr. John L. C.
Danner. This petition is signed by John C.
Underwood, president of the convention, and
by the secretary, and by a large number of the
members ofthe convention. I move thatitbe
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, presented
an additional paper in relation to the applica-
tion of Henrietta Noble for a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented additional papers in rela-
tion to the application of Joseph McGee Came-
ron and Mary Jane Cameron, children of La
Fayette Cameron, for a pension; which were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
reports of committees.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing resolutions, petitiona, and memorials,
