1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrkQBB,
8ft*
to be frighteued in advance. " SufBcient unto
the day is the evil thereof." When our south-
ern brethren shall be again represented in this
body we shall have the same power of discus-
sion and the same freedom of discussion, I
take it, that we possess now; and I have not
much confidence in that wisdom which suggests
that we should take to flight immediately on
the appearance of opposition or danger.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I asked for a separate
vote with the intention of taking the sense of
the Senate on this particular amendment. I
think this is a very bad form in which to put
the proposed legislation—merely suspending
this tax for the present year—if regard be had
to the general objects in view in this legisla-
tion. If we suspend it during the present year
merely and allow it to be resumed afterward
we shall deter that investment of capital, that
activity in the production of cotton which is
the general object of the measure. I think if
we are to do anything with reference to the
tax on cotton we ought either to reduce the
amount frojn two and a half cents per pound
to some lower figure absolutely and outright
or repeal the tax altogether. It is evident
that the same vote which now suspends this
tax can reimpose it next year, even although
the repeal be general. It will only leave us a
subject of embarrassment and difficulty, and
there will be no results to the Treasury of the
United States or to ,the public interests. In
the meantime, however, by leaving this subject
open, a matter of debate and uncertainty in the
coiyitry, we frustrate and defeat those great
general objects which are in viewin thislegisla-
tion, the investment of capital in the South, the
production of this article, the export abroad,
the resumption of our control over the for-
eign markets—all those considerations which
have weighed with, me at least in voting for
this measure, and which induced me originally
to vote against the imposition of this tax. In
other words, in the form which the bill has
now assumed you degrade this measure from
one of general policy to one of temporary
relief. Instead of placing our legislation
on those general grounds upon which it can
securely rest, you are simply extending a
charitable donation for" the time being to an
oppressed interest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say
to the Senator from Pennsylvania that the
object of those who voted to suspend this tax
for a year was to do just what he says: leave
it open for after consideration and not be car-
ried away to close the matter upon the instant:
and I suppose that after a five or six days
debate those who voted in favor of it under-
stood what they were about and were willing
to take the consequences. I do not propose
to argue it over again, because my vote snows
that I hoped it would pass, just as well as the
vote of my friend from Massachusetts against
it showed he hoped it would pass. [Laughter.]
Whether it will or not remains to be seen.
Mr. CAMERON. I did not intend to say
anything on this subject, but I am constrained
to say a word or two before the bill passes, and
to express in the most positive terms my ob-
jection to the whole bill. It reminds me of
many scenes that I have seen in this House.
First we were coaxed and our sympathies
were appealed to. We were told that the
South was in a suffering condition, and we
were asked to do this as an act of charity to
that people. After a while we were told that
it was a measure of great public untility; one
which would benefit the North and the whole
country as well as the South. My colleague
now says that he looks upon it as a matter of
great utility to the nation, as I understand
him—not those words, but something like that
—as a permanent policy which is to be con-
tinued for years.
To my mind we have begun wrong in tins
matter, and have been going wrong all the
time. These questions of finance belong to
the whole country; not to the South nor to
the North nor to any other place, but to the
whole nation; and they can only be settled
: with reference to the interests of all the dif-
ferent sections of the country. Why, sir, there
is as much distress in the North as there is ih
the South. We are told of the agricultural
difficulties of the South. I know what they
are in that part of the northern section in
which I live. The article of hay, the value of
which crop is greater than the whole cotton
crop of the country, has been reduced three
fourths in value from what it was two years
ago ; and there is distress among the producers
of hay. Our wheat has been blighted by the
weevil, and our crop has been nothing like
what it was a few years ago. We have distress
there.
Mr. GRIMES. What is hay worth now?
Mr. CAMERON. Ten dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it not worth more than
that?
Mr. CAMERON. I should like to sell you
some for more than that. [Laughter.] All
over our State there are people complaining
of the reduction of prices.
The causjp of the reduction in the price of
cotton was' most truly stated by the Senator
from Indiana. It is this: for long years the
speculators in cotton have had a high price,
and they have been constantly contending
against the natural reduction. When cotton
was a dollar they complained that they did
not get enough. When it got down to half a
dollar they still did not get enoughj and they
wanted more. It has got down to its present
price and they complain no louder than they
did two years ago. All that question of price
is going to be settled by the ordinary laws which
govern such matters wh^ji we get back to a
normal condition of affairs.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] has become very liberal toward the South.
I remember that a few years ago I was very
: much inclined to deal gently with all the indi-
j viduals of the South while I would have pun-
i j ished the rebels in the lump. My friend from
Massachusetts has become entirely different.
Then he was a Radical, radically opposed to
the South, and I was conservatively inclined to
pity and benefit them. We are changed, for
what reason I do not know. [Laughter.]
This idea about the negroes not being will-
ing to cultivate cotton is, to my mind, incor-
rect. They will cultivate just what will produce
them the most profit, and so will the white
!1 men, if you let them alone ; but if you go
| on and give them this, temporary relief from
!i time to time they will not work. The negro
| does not like to work; and I should like to
i; know the white man that likes to work—I have
[j not seen him yet—unless he is goaded on by
J some interest, by" want, or something else
;! which controls human nature.
The cotton manufacturers of my State I
know have lost money for the last three years.
I know some of my friends who have a cot-
ton manufacturing establishment which they
bought three years ago, and they have lost from
twenty-five to thirty thousand dollars a year;
and they will continue to lose until the coun-
try rights itself, if they continue at their busi-
ness. Now, if we were to ask for a reduction
of taxes to the farmers and the manufacturers
in Pennsylvania, you would laugh at us. You
say these people are prosperous because they
are too proud to complain. They do not beg;
they do not run about with a bag asking char-
ity. If they suffer to-day they exert them-
selves with redoubled vigor to-morrow or next
year; and they make up in the future what
they have lost in the past.
I could go on in this strain for a long while
on this subject; but it is too late. I am very
much like the Dutchman I heard my friend
from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] talk about the
other day, who said it was too late to do a
certain thing. It is too near dinner time and
Senators will not listen to me. Butif you will
allow me, I will move that the Senate do now
adjourn, so that we may sleep on this subject
aud consider it and be ready to act to-morrow.
Several Senators. No; let us close it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator
will withdraw that motion. We may as well
finish this bill now.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well; I withdraw
the motion to adjourn. But I have a few
words more to say, and I wish to say them to
the chairman of the Committee on Finance
especially.
I had hoped that the Committee on Finance
would be willing to settle the question of the
tax upon cotton when they settled all the other
questions of taxation. It is a general question
which is to affect the whole country, and I do
not know that we can now see so far ahead as
to know how we will make up the $27,000,000
which I believe we shall lose by taking off the
cotton tax. I heard some Senator say a while
ago that we were going to raise $50,000,000
upon whisky. I believe that we could raise
$125,000,000 if we would so amend the laws
as to compel the Government to collect the
tax honestly.
I There are many other questions connected
| with finance which cannot be decided in detail.
In my own private business—and that is pretty
much all I know anything about—I know that
I have only been prosperous when I took a full
view of all my affairs. If I set out to build a
house I \yould calculate how much income I
had to spare this year and how much I couljjl
appropriate to it. I would not go and order
, the hotise to be built before I knew where the
money was to come from. So it is with a mer-
ij chant: he does not extend his business with-
out looking over all his accounts and seeing
!; how many debtors will pay and how many will
neglect to pay. So, to my mind, it is very
much with this business of finance.
Finance is also connected very much with
the currency, and we shall soon have before
us the great bill for funding the debt which the
Committee on Finance have recently reported,
and which is going to agitate the whole coun-
try, because, as I understand that bill, there is
to be an expenditure far beyond what this cot-
ton tax has brought into the Treasury for get-
ting the loan reconverted. There are many
other questions which strike my humble judg-
ment as vastly important to the country which
should be settled before you commence redu-
cingyourincome. Twenty-seven million dollars
compared with our vast expenditures now is a
very Small sum; but I remember when the
! whole expenditures of the Government did
not exceed $11,000,000, and I remember also
[ that a President was driven from the chair at
| the end of his term and refused a reelection
| because .of that vast expenditure. To be sure
| we have got wiser and abler since. But all
these questions should be considered together,
and therefore I did hope this bill would be left
over until a future day.
I do not think I am less disposed to be
liberal toward the South than other gentlemen,
but I can see no reason why we should at one
swoop take $27,000,000 from their payments
and from the Treasury, and particulary when
that is the only sum they do pay, for I believe
the South pay nothing else. I am sure they
do not pay anything like what it costs to keep
them in the Union, and yet they are to be
a favored section. This has always been so.
We are liberal to our opponents in private
Jife. We are over liberal flow to these people
who have striven for long years to destroy the
country, and each gentleman, it seems to me,
is anxious to let them see that he has forgotten
all his uukindness and ill-feeling. That may
be very well in individuals, but to my mind it
does not look like statesmanship. To be sure
I do not pretend to compare myself with the
great men who are controlling the finances of
tiie country, nor especially with the Finance
Committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring on the first amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BUCKALEW called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What is the amendment
we are now to vote upon?
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
