3790
THE CON GRESS10NAL GLOBE.
July 7,
be established as provisional until they had
time to prescribe better ones. The President,
with a dogmatism and determination which
well became a tyrant, commanded the old States
to revive and be again represented as live bodies
in the Government of the nation. If this usurpa-
tion be not a high official misdemeanor, then
the putting of a crown upon his head would
have been an innocent amusement in Andrew
Johnson ; then the seizure of the property of
his subjects and making it all subject to his
good will, pleasure, and disposition would be
110 crime. Uiat lie did all this requires no
other proof than his own official records; and
had 1 been conducting this prosecution on the
occasion referred to, when I had shown this
usurpation afid this abstraction, through par-
doned rebel friends, of the billions of the public
money, I would have stopped and asked the
Congress either to appoint a new trustee for
the nation or to become the slaves of a single
man and change their whole form of govern-
ment from republicanism to tyranny.
We will now briefly consider a few more
things connected with the additional articles.
We have already partially discussed the first
additional article. We will add a little more,
and refer to the second, under which we had
intended to insert the evidence in the body of
these remarks, but I have concluded to pub-
lish it as an appendix, lest the same should
become too tedious.
It is not necessary again to refer to the cases
of General McEwen, Colonel Montgomery, and
the pardoned soldiers. These were cases of
clear official misdemeanor, which appeared too
brightly in the sunshine of truth to blind any
but that bird of wisdom that sends forth his
beautiful words by night.
Nor need we recapitulate the conclusive evi-
dence of the shameless corruption as given by
Colonel Selfrklge. if an officer could be cor-
rupt to the_ core, and abuse all the trusts con-
fided to him, it was the man who made such
shameful propositions to the gallant colonel.
His own Cabinet minister has testified in seem-
ing ignorance of its enormity of the causes for
which he was compelled to remove from office
and make appointments.
Hon. Alexander W. Randall, Postmaster
General, testifies that up to the period he gave
his evidenee, a short time after the President's
apostasy, there were removed from office, in
his Department, the number of sixteen hun-
dred and four, of whom twelve hundred and
eighty-three were removed for political reasons
alone. He explains what he means by polit-
ical reasons, that the persons should abandon
their honest principles and adopt those they
did not approve of, ordered by the President.
All of his removals and appointments were
conducted upon this system.
Jf that number of victims were assailed and
prepared for corruption in one of not the most
important Department of the Government,
within so short a period after the apostasy, how
many similar cases in other branches of the
Government felt the effect of this corrupting
policy? The Treasury contains (?) several
times more officers than the Post Office De-
parUnent, and of ten times more value. I am
afraid, without authentic information, to state
the number; they, however, amount to tens of
thousands.^ How many honest men were hurled
from appointments? How many poor women
anil children were reduced to suffering by this
political Nero because they would not swallow
the wormwood and the gall of moral apostasy ?
God knows that there were vast numbers who
fell because they believed they could not with-
stand the command without, producing suffer-
ing upon those dependent upon them. They
were to be pitied 1 Were not these things high
misdemeanors ? Shame on the caitiff who
denies it!
The testimony of the Senato-rs from Colorado
goes to show with what facility the President,
would lead men to perjury for his own vile
purposes. How, in this corrupt and corrupt-
ing world, are men with human hearts to stand
and not to fall ?
j Everything, whethermindormatter, however
■ large or small, should stand on a square and
firm foundation. Place it upon its apex, and
I it will topple down. Its frequent vibrations
and jarrings will so loosen its hold on gravi-
; taiion as to make it liable to be more easily
overthrown in violent convulsion. Human
| virtue is believed to be so firm in most minds
| as not to be easily assailed. Human virtue is
| believed to be the great foundation of human
' excellence and human glory. Monuments of
art are raised to celebrate the glory of virtue
and truth, as if material monuments were to
endure sufficiently long to be worth seeking.
And yet scarcely a generation shall have passed
away till you hear the vanity of their short-
ness deplored. The most costly and solid
monuments of brass or marble, erected to the
achievements of heroes and statesmen, in a
few short years become the subject of the
search of antiquaries, and their mutilated legs
and arms and extracted eyes are scattered
curiosities to enrich the museums of the world.
This serves to illustrate not the worthlessness
of virtue, but the folly of attempting to perpet-
uate its memory by mere material memorials.
How many fragments of monuments strew the
grounds of Palmyra without their indicaiiug
their original purpose. Enterthe ever-glowing
tombs of Egypt, cut from the solid rock, and
painted with colors that never fade, and you
will ask yourself in vain whose exploits and
virtue do they commemorate? It is, there-
fore, but little wonder that men in the present
and other generations should set such little
value on the passing judgment of the age, or
should endeavor to enjoy the benefits of their
acts in present riches, however obtained, while
they are yet in the way with them. Nor is it
wonderful that men of the meanest intellect
and meanest aspirations are no more easily
open to the influence of corruption than the
man of the loftiest position and most cultivated
intellect. Hence many men have come to the
conclusion that no republican government is
above the influences of corruption, if the means
that command it in patronage, honor, or gold,
shall be sufficiently large, nor, with the excep-
tion of this great and pure Republic, without
seeing any fact to justify it, but from pure
theory and reflection I have been driven to the
same conclusion.
I do not know that it is wise to ask for a vote
upon this resolution ; for, after mature reflec-
tion and thorough examination of ancient and
modern history, I have come to the fixed con-
clusion that neither in Europe nor America
will the Chief Executive of a nation be again
removed by peaceful means. If he retains the
money and the patronage of the Government
it will be found, as it has been found, stronger
than the law and impenetrable to the spear of
justice. If tyranny becomes intolerable, the
only resource will be found in the dagger of
Brutus. God grant that it may never be used.
Look at Themistocles and Alcibiades, who,
after having rendered illustrious service to
their country, touched the riches of Persia and
the gold of the Great King. Even he who so
sternly wept by unconquered Salamis was not
proof against the temptations of gold.
This may seem to be the argument of spleen,
emitted by disappointment at recent events;
but I disclaim any reference to those events,
nor do I intend that they shall be made to
aPP'y to any fact or individual connected with
recent transactions. True, I cannot deny that
certain modern events have attracted my atten-
tion and made me more deeply reflect upon the
possibilities of the human heart, from which
reasoning I have been led to conclude that the
loftiest intellect, the most cultivated mind, and
the most aspiring ambition is just as liable to
be purchased with gold as the most moderate
intellect and the most limited personal ambi-
tion, when the amount of the corrupting influ-
ence tendered to each shall be in proportion to
their high intellectual qualities. The man of
mean ambition and low aspirations may be
more easily seduced into error by lower mo-
tives and probably by smaller amounts than
the man whose ambition grasps hemispheres
and would induce him to desire the luxury of
millions.
But let the latter be tempted by the auri
sacra fames which would measure his capacity
with the lighter one of his neighbor, and why
would he notyield ? Has he ever resisted from
the time of the progeny of the Piolcemies—to
the mean traitor who sold American liberty
for a paltry sum, though fortunately for the
world he failed to make delivery. Indeed, I
am not sure that the less cultivated mind, who
sails lower in his sphere of hopes and desires,
may not be harder to mislead from the path
of virtue, so far as corrupt argument is con-
cerned, than the ripe scholar who has spent
his time in perusing the works of philosophers.
The latter have learned to measure glory aid
worldly good by the splendor of its earthly
light, and they will not be as likely to be
shocked by the mere upbraidings of conscience
as those who have learned their principles by
implicit reliance on the teachings of the Scrip-
tures and are more likely to be startled by a
proposed departure from them. Nor, sup-
posing the temptation to be increased in pro-
portion, do I believe that any of the finer
qualifications of the human heart are a protec-
tion against such corruption unless it has been
touched by the coal of regeneration from the
burning altar of the living God. We have
seen Lord Bacon, who, in everything but vir-
tue, stood next to the angels, behold with cold
indifference the corrupt and corrupting suitor
fastening bags of gold to his horse's crupper.
Beyond this human audacity could not soar;
lower than this human depravity could not
sink. The most austere appearances, the most
sedate and virtuous demeanor, even the most
repulsive austerity, is no sure indication of
the intellectual man.
I can recollect but two men whom I deem
absolutely impenetrable to temptation, he of
Athens and He of Bethlehem. The counselor
who gives the chief suggestions to our acquitted
President did not deem the latter above cor-
ruption. He took him to the top of the highest
mountain and offered him all the kingdoms
of the earth to bow down and worship him.
Here was enough "landed estates" to have
tempted the land-loving "high court of im-
peachment of the House of Lords."
To what a pitch of fame would our Repub-
lic have been raised if could have been heard
issuing from the lips of the most astute, elo-
quent; highly cultivated, and austere of our
courtof impeachment, in concert with thegreat
tempted Divine, the rebuke, '• Get thee behind
me, Satan 1 " But^ no ; the sun of our glorv is
wading through watery clouds and the murky
atmosphere of doubt and distrust.
I had spoken before of the different kind of
persons open to seduction; I would not, do
injustice to the inambitious. Indeed, I am
not sure that the man of modest pretensions
and moderate acquirements is not lets liable
to yield^ to corruption, especially when con-
! science is relied upon as a monitor, than the
' man of highly cultivated, intellectual, and
lofty aspirations. The one places faith in the
! solemn teachings of the Scripture*, while the
1 other relies on his own strong reason and his
cultivated intellect..
Ilieone is startled with a violation of the
teaching of his sacred Master, while the other
views them with more reasoning equality,
while gold is of more value to the philosopher
than to the more moderate plebeian, and it
takes more to satisfy his wants, and more to
satisfy his doubts as to the flames of future
torments than it does those of the implicit
believer. Besides, how much more desirable
it is to win the man of celebrity, so that he
will cover the acts of others and give character
to the transaction. Hence, i have come to
the conclusion that, the weli-fnniisht'd mind,
the cultivated intellect, may be the nest of
malignity, corruption, and depravity, as well
as less cultivated minds.
I trust that no corruption will ever so infect
eur public men, and especially our public tri-
