2766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
June 2,
whereas if you put it upon the United States
to prove that they had not been loyal, you
would just make us perfectly powerless, and
any man, no matter how disloyal, oould squeeze
a claim through the Court of Claims. That is
the reason for that provision ; but that, as I
have said, is not now properly before the
Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Buckai.ew] is a cool gentleman.
1 never noticed anything from him quite as cool
and refreshing as his proposition to the Senator
from Vermont to drop the iil'th section, when
we all know that that is the bill. That is what
he is after—to legislate one set of gentlemen
out of office, so as to have another opportunity
to put another set of gentlemen iu. That is
the substance of it. This bill, as it originally
came to the Senate, was a very innocent affair,
proper enough. Nobody could object to it. It
proposed that when the Court of Claims decided
a case against the Government, the Govern-
ment might take an appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States. Of course nobody
would dispute that. It seemed to be very
proper. We would all agree to the passage of
a bill like that at once. Then, sir, to that ori-
ginal, simple, plain, fair proposition isaitached
a further proposition to turn the three solicitors
out of the Court of Claims, and the Assistant
Attorney General out of office, with a view of
making vacancies and putting other gentlemen
in their places. The Senator from Pennsylva-
nia lias the coolness to suggest that that should
now be dropped. Why, that is asking to give
up the character in the play itself. The Sen-
ator from Vermont has not troubled the Sen-
ate to show the importance of this right of
appeal on the part of the Government. Of
course not. But upon this point of reorgan-
izing the Attorney General's odice he is full
and elaborate—satisfactory to himself, at least.
Then the sixth section is a very important
one, surely. It is fifty-seven lines in all. And
what do Senators suppose it contains? It con-
tains an authority on the part of the Attorney
General to address a letter to the head of the
Department where any decision may have been
made, and a direction to that head of the
Department to answer the letter of the Attor-
ney General and to give a statement of the
case so far as it appears in that Department,
or that bureau. Is it necessary that we shall
legislate so elaborately upon a point so simple
as that? Does any Senator suppose that any
Department or bureau would refuse to give
information touching a decision that had been
made in that Department or that bureau, when
that decision came under review in the Court
of Claims? 'Clearly not. That decision, inas-
much as it is made the subject of dispute in
the Courtof Claims, must necessarily go there,
go there by a certified copy of the record and
of the files, certified under existing laws, cer-
tified in such a form that it shall be evidence.
Jt is evidence because the propriety of that
decision is attacked in the Court of Claims,
and what that decision is, the grounds of that
decision, the evidence upon which it was made
come before that court as a matter of course.
So that I think the sixth section is innocent
mainly, but elaborate. I cannot seethe neces-
sity for it, except that it is hung on to the
fifth section.
'fhe fifth section is the kernel in this nut.
There are some gentlemen who must have
office, and in oider to give them a fair chance
in this time of the dispensation of public
patronage, in order to give these outside gen-
tlemen a chance, we mustlegislate the solicitor
and his assistants out of office and the Assist-
ant Attorney General out of office, and then
conies up the beautiful controversy between
the President of the United States and the
Senate as to who shall be the successors. The
Senator from Vermont, when that controversy
shall arise, will say, in my opinion, that any
man nominated must be sound not only as a
lawyer so as to be fit to be the solicitor or to
be the Assistant Attorney, General, that he
must not only be au able lawyer, but he must
be sound on the political questions of the day.
The President will think that he mnst be some
person who ledects his views on the question
of reconstruction ; so that wo come to a dis-
pute in the Senate here not whether a party is
qualified as a lawyer to vindicate the rights of
the United States, but whether he is sound
upon the question of reconstruction, as that
question hangs between the executive and the
legislative department. Is that desirable?
The Senator from Vermont states correctly
in respect that it has been a subject of
some consultation in the Judiciary Committee,
whether there ought not to be a reorganization
of the Attorney General's office; but i will
suggest to that Senator that thai discussion has
not been confined to the little question of the
Coui t of Claims and the solicitors in that coui t,
but it has extended to all of the Departments,
whether the solicitors in the several Depart-
ments ought not to be attached to and become
a part of the Attorney General's office. This
bill does not propose to regulate all that mat-
ter, and it ought not to do so.
On that point I am inclined to think that a
reorganization is desirable. 1 believe that, in
my judgment, I shall concur in what I under-
stand to be the opinion of the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, that the solicitors of the
different Departments ought to be apart of the
Attorney General's office; it would seem that
the law business of the Government ought all
to be transacted in the Attorney General's
office ; hut this requires the readjustment, the
reorganization of that department. It ought
all to be done in one bill having that purpose
in view, to consolidate in one department the
entire law business of the Government, so far
as it is transacted at Washington city. That
would carry the different solicitors into the
Attorney General's office. 1 am inclined to
favor such a pioposition, though it has not been
sufficiently considered yet for any Senator to
say that his mind is entirely made up. There
are some reasons why the solicitors should be
in the Departments themselves, so that they
may be convenient to be consulted by the head
of the Department. On the other hand, there
are reasons why the solicitors should be con-
nected with the Attorney General's office, so
that upon all the law business of the Govern-
ment the decisions shall be uniform, and not
have one practice in one Department and
another practice in another Department.
But this bill proposes to make, 1 think, four
vacancies for four anxious individuals who are
now on the outside, and wo are called upon to
make these vacancies. Why, I ask, Senators?
is it known to Senators that the business in
charge of the solicitor and hisassistants iu the
Court of Claims has not been well attended to?
Is it known to the Senate that any ease has
been decided against the Government which
ought not thus to have been decided ? I have
heard complaints of the Court of Claims, but
mainly by persons who have lost their cases
there. That is the principal complaint that I
have heard, and 1 have not paid much attention
to it, for it is not often that a man, having a
claim before that court, would be entirely satis-
fied if the deei.-'ion should be against him,
although every other person might be satisfied
that the decision was proper. But that that
court lias made decisions because of the ineffi-
cient management of the solicitors, against the
Departments, 1 have no information, and I
think I am justified in saying that no such
information catne to the Judiciary Committee.
I know I have heard criticisms as to the
ability of some gentlemen connected with the
Court of Claims; but that the business in that
court lias not been well conducted, the cases
pioperly presented for the Government, I have
no information, i have but a very slight
acquaintance'indeed with the solicitors; 1
believe with but one of them, and I do not now
recollect his name. Whether he is an able
lawyer 1 shall not undertake to say, except that
tlie fact that there are no complaints, that no
cases are presented to us in which the court
has been unable to decide properly because of
his negligence, is a circumstance supporting
him as a public officer.
Mr. President, when it shall bo proposed to
reorganize the Attorney General's department
and to bring into that department all tlw law
business of the Government, then we slialf have
a dignified and decent business before ns; then
the purpose of Congress will be plain; thepur-
pose will be to reorganize the department with
a view to the efficiency of the public service,
and I shall go into that work cheerfully, invest-
igate it, and come to the very Jjest conclusion
I can. But, sir, when it is proposed simply in
regard to the solicitors of the Court of Claims
and in respect to the Assistant Attorney Gen-
eral, to strike them out of office with a view
of making vacancies, and that those vacancies
shall be under the control of the Senate, and
at this time hi ing into the Senate a eontroversy
which has been agitating, which has not been
promotive of the good of the public service,
the controversy between the President and the
Senate upon political questions, in my judgment
it is not for the good of the public service.
Therefore in committee 1 was not in favor of
this; I am not in favor of it here; £ opposed
it there as I oppose it here, as a thing not
called for by the facts of the case and as legis-
lation that, in my judgment, is vicious.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I desire
to say one word in consequence of what has
been said by the Senator from Indiana. I think
this bill is very valuable in the other parts
besides the fifth and sixth sections, upon which
he has spoken. In any event, I should be very
anxious that it should be enacted. I think the
first four sections and the seventh are very
good, very useful; and that whatever is done
in regard to the fifth and sixth, they ought to
be passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say in reply to
the honorable Senator from Indiana that he
entirely misapprehends, taking him at his word
for his belief, the object of this bill. We do
not want to legislate out of office any particular
persons for the purpose of legislating into office
any other persons. My friend from Indiana
ought to know that the committee had no such
purpose, and they ask the Senate to have no
such purpose; and if my friend is so very
nervous and suspicious oil the subject of official
changes, as perhaps from the state of things in
the country just now he might, he expected to
be, of course we cannot impute any blame to
him for supposing that wherever he sees meal
he believes there must bo a cat under it. But
he is mistaken about that. 'The interests we
have at heart are those which address them-
selves to our sense of public duty, to provide
for defending the interests of the United States
in respect to these great claims that are now
being pressed upon the attention of this court
for consideration. This is the whole of it; and
inasmuch as no reason connected with the
merit of the thing has been suggested against
it, I hope the Senate will agree to the section.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I believe the large cot-
ton cases to which the Senator refers hav^
gone, or are going, to the Supreme Court, and .
iu that court I understand the Attorney Gen-
eral will represent the Government of the
United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, Mr. Piesident, my
friend from Pennsylvania is mistaken. As the
law now stands, the solicitor of the Court of
Claims, and not the Attorney General, by the
express letter ot the old law, as it happens to
have been framed by mere accident, I suppose,
is the person who has charge of the eases that
go up from the Courtof Claims—a most anom-
alous and extraordinary state of things.
Mr. BUCKALEW. IntheSuu reme Court?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir. .
Mr.^ BUCKALEW. There will bo 110 diffi-
culty iu modifyiug the law in that respect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We propose to modify it.
The PPRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, to fill the blank with " four thousand."
Tlio amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
