w±
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Cobum.
40th Cong....2d' Sess.
eising the precise language. There is the state-
ment, that Andrew Johnson's policy at that
day was correct, and if Abraham Lincoln hatl
adopted it the honorable Senator from Ohio
would have, consented to it. Furthermore, we
are • told that the policy then foreseen by this
honorable Senator of sending a great military
ruler to govern the South and forcing a govern-
ment in that way upon that' people is wrong in
itself and should not be adopted.
Here, sir, is what, the honorable Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Wade] then, thought of a pro-
ject, not then supposed possible to bd exe-
cuted, for forcing constitutions by armed force
on the southern States. Here is his idea of
the propriety of sending "great officers" there
to rule them with despotic sway. And here,
sir, is what he then thought of the policy of
Andrew Johnson. He was then the defender
and eulogist of this policy as compared with
that of Mr. Lincoln. That policy was then so
commendable that had Abraham Lincoln in
his time attained to its high merit, the Senator
from Ohio declared he would himself have
supported it, and the excluded States would
have been restored under it! Let the people
mark this, and let them remember that it is
for his pel-severance in this policy, honestly
adopted by him from his predecessor, and im-
proved to such an extent as to command the
warm approbation of the present Presiding
Officer of this body that President Johnson
has been assailed, vilified, and denounced as
a traitor.
Mr. President, there are many conservative
and patriotic men who then believed, with yon,
that President Johnson's plan was copied, with
improvements, from that of President Lincoln.
They saw him honestly endeavoring to com-
plete the work of his predecessor by the res-
toration of the Union. They gave him their
confidence and their support. When he was
availed, reproached, vilified, hunted down,
they came to his defense. When the party
with which they had acted departed from its
established, conservative, constitutional policy
and took ground outside of the Constitution
they refused longer to act with it and took up
their position outside of the Radical party.
There they still remain in earnest hostility to
the ruinous and destructive measures which
have at last brought the country to the verge
of ruin. Many of these men are found among
my own constituents. If my voice could reach
them 1 would entreat them to cast their eyes
backward on the events of the last three years
and calmly consider whether all that they ap-
prehended as the consequence of the radical
policy has not been more than realized. Do
they find in its full development anything which
invites them to aid in establishing it as the
permanent policy of the Government? Do
they notsee more plainly than ever before that
it is incompatible with constitutional freedom
and the-true interests of the people? It is
now. fully exposed to their view, with its mili-
tary despotism, its contempt of the supreme
judicial power of the nation, its usurpation of
executive authority by Congress, its instiga-
tion of a conflict of races for supremacy, by
refusing to an immense class of white men the
privilege of suffrage granted indiscriminately
to uneducated blacks, its sectional bitterness,
its spirit of undying revenge, its gospel of he-
reditary hatred. It is in the power of this
great body of intelligent conservative voters,
wiih whom party ties are less strong than love
of country, to overthrow this policy and re-
store peace, good-will, and unbounded pros-
perity to a suffering and distracted people. It
is in their power even now to compel the adop-
tion of a policy modified and amended in the
manner proposed by the Senator from Wis-
consin, consistent with all the rights of human-
ity in which the intelligent minds of the North
and the South shall cordially agree and which
shall harmonize conflicting opinions in both
sections.
If they exert their power, and, by a united
efforfcthrongh the ballot-box,1 accomplish this
great work, our Union may yet be restored
upon the constitutional basis, the rights of
every human being may be protected, liberty
may be established upon the same foundation
of law, and, through all the years of the na-
tion's life, the people of the North and the
South, having no further possible ground of
quarrel, may become more and more harmo-
niously joined together in the willing bonds of
fraternal union. But if the policy and the spirit
which now control our legislation are to receive
the popular sanction, and be perpetuated, our
history will be no, longer a glorious record of
human progress and of unexampled national
and individual prosperity, but its dark and
bloody pages will be written, like the roll seen
in the vision of the prophet, within and with-
out, with lamentations and mourning and woe.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OP HON. JOHN COBUKN,
Off INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1868,
On tho resolution reported by tho Committee on
Reconstruction for tho impeachment of tho Pres-
ident.
Mr. COBURN. _ Mr. Speaker, I have been
pained to hear during the course of this debate
the statement made by some of the advocates
of impeachment that the recent acts of the
President in violation of the law prescribing
the tenure of civil offices and of the Constitution,
in relation to the removal of officers during
the session of Congress, as trivial matters com-
pared with other acts of his administration in
violation of law. It maybe a quiet and simple
act to remove a Secretary of War, injuring the
person or the property of no one, and bo con-
summated by the writing of an official note
dispatchcd in a minute, but it is none the less an
open, intentional, willful, and flagrant breach
of law. Parallel with this are many of the
acts which have become memorable in history
and maik epochs in the life of nations. The
crossing of the Rubicon, an insignificant stream
which was the boundary of Caisar's prov-
ince, was the first act, bloodless and quiet, of
a war which broke down the oldest and strongest
Republic that ever existed, and paved the way
for that imperial dominion which is the great
prototype of despotism. The refusal by John
Hampden to pay a few shillings of ship-money
demanded of him as a right began the contest
which ended in the overthrow of the monarch
of England, cost him his head, and for a time
gave to the despised Puritans the control of
the foremost nation in Europe. The refusal
of our forefathers to pay the tax 011 stamped
paper and the duties on tea, light though they
were, and not intended to harass or oppress,
but done rather in denial of the right of repre-
sentation, kindled the flames of a war which
raged seven years, and resulted in the lasting
independence of our people.
In this simple act of defiance to law in the
removal of Mr. Stanton, done without arms,
without warning, without the demand of pub-
lic necessity, in cool, impudent, insolent dis-
regard of the plain words of law, I see a move-
ment as radical in its intent and as searching
in its effects as any one could be though backed
by the Army and Navy and driven through with
all their power. What is it, then, that the Pres-
ident has done that has deserved the instant
and indignant rebuke of the Representatives
of the people? On the 2d of March last Con-
gress, having long had reason to doubt the pa-
triotic purposes of the President, passed a law
in relation to the tenure of civil offices, provid-
ing, among other things, that Cabinet officers
should hold their offices during the term of the
President by whom they were appointed and
for one month thereafter, unless removed by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate;
and that no such officer should be removed
from office without the consent of the Senate
and that if, during a vacation of Congress, a
suspension should be made of such, officer, and
on being reported to the Senate in twenty d«ys
after meeting, and the cause be deemed insuf-
ficient, he should resume the duties-:of his
office. It is further provided by the sixth sec-
tion of this act that every removal,, appoipt-
ment, or employment made, had, or exercised
contrary to the provisions of this act, and the
making, signing, sealing, countersigning, or
issuing of any commission or letter of authority
for or in respcct to any such appointment or
employment, shall be deemed and are declared
to be high misdemeanors, and upon trial and
conviction thereof every person convicted
thereof shall be punished by a fine not ex-
ceeding $10,000, or by imprisonment not ex-
ceeding five years, or both. Here, then, was
this simple provision of law, so plain that the
fool might run and read, governing the Presi-
dent, and which he deliberately chose to vio-
late. There could be no mistake about its
meaning, no doubt as to its intent, no cavil as
to its scope.
Again, there was just as plain a provision of
the Constitution which gave the President
power to nominate, and by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate to appoint, all
officers of tho United States whose appoint-
ments are not therein otherwise provided for,
and which shall be established by law, and to
fill all vacancies that may happen during the
recess of the Senate by-granting commissions
which shall expire at the end of their next
session. These are his powers of nomination
and of supplying vacancies; no power of re-
moval or of creating vacancies is given dui-ing
asession of the Senate. And yet he has usurped
this power not given him, gone beyond the
restrictions of the Constitution, which no sane
man could for a moment misunderstand, and
assumed to make a removal, create a vacancy,
and fill it.
On tho 21st of February, 186S, he trans-
gresses the statute and the Constitution by
successive acts without excuse or palliation
or provocation by ordering the removal of Mr.
Stanton from the oflice of Secretary of War
and the appointment of Lorenzo Thomas as
Secretary ad interim. That he failed to re-
move Mr. Stanton is no defense; that he did
not create a vacancy is no defense; that he did
not succeed in getting Thomas into office is no
defense—no more than that the murderer is
caught in the overt actand prevented from the
consummation of his deadly purpose.
It is no defense to say that the tenure-of-
office law does not apply to the case of Mr.
Stanton becausc he was appointed by Mr. Lin-
coln, and could only hold his office, under that
appointment, during Lincoln's life, and not
afterward, except by sufferance, for Mr. Stan-
ton. by the terms of that law, holds his office
not during the mere continuance in office
of the President appointing him, but "during
the term of the President by whom he was
appointed."
Now, the person who was President might
continue in office a half, a quarter, a tenth part,
or tho whole of his term. That term was fixed
and unchangeable, and was four years. So
Mr. Lincoln did not serve out a thirtieth part
ot his term, and Mr. Johnson is now serving it
out and may not complete it, but some other
incumbent may come in and complete Mr.
Lincoln's second term of four years.
Norisit any defense to say that the President
is the sole trustee of the executive power of the
nation, and that the required concurrence of the
Senate is only a regulation for the exercise of
this power. Forthe executive powerofthis na-
tion is not aiumlimitedone, but is very narrowly
limited andguarded, and at allpoints controlled
by laws. The President is the sole trustee of
