1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1748
a place is disputed them intho computation of num-
bers ; and it is admitted that if the laws "were to re-
store the lights which have been taken away the
negroes could no longer be refused an equal share of
representation with the other inhabitants."
Most important words ; few more important
in our history ! Consider them in their mean-
ing :
" If the laws were to restore the rights which have
been taken away the negroes could no longer be re-
fused an equal share of representation with tiieother
inhabitants."
With this solemn understanding the Consti-
tution of the United States was adopted. Our
fathers at that time saw that the denial of the
right to vote was inconsistent with the funda-
mental principles of a republican Government.
They practically testified to the truth in all their
constitutions, saving and excepting the consti-
tution of the unhappy State of South Carolina ;
and now the question arises on the application
of this principle.
Maryland has latterly adopted a new consti-
tution. This is since emancipation. Slavery
no longer exists. The colored race which for
successive generations had been held in bond-
age there has leaped forth into the enjoyment
ot freedom. The necessary consequence of
this great change was that they were entitled,
also, to all the rights of citizenship. In under-
taking to deny them those rights you depart
from the fundamental principles of republican
institutions.
Looking at the census for 1860, what do
we find? The colored population of Mary-
land at that time amounted to 171,931. Prob-
ably at this moment, in the growth of popu-
lation, it may now be two hundred thousand
persons; and this large population, con-
stituting a large proportion of the people, is
shut out from the rights of citizenship. The
whole white population of the State at the
same time was 515,918 persons. Can a gov-
ernment be republican which imparts power
to a select company, communicating to them
oligarchical privileges, and denying equal
rights to a large number of fellow-citizens V I
submit that it cannot; and I further submit
that, now that the question is presented at this
crisis of our history, when we are laying the
foundations of republican institutions through-
out this country and giving to the world an
example, it belongs to us in the most solemn
way to stand by the requirements of our fathers.
It is within the province of Congress. If we
fail to exercise this great jurisdiction there
will, 1 submit, be a failure of duty on our part.
Especially is this duty imperative now, when
we have a State before uswhich excludes more
than a quarter of its citizens from the most
important right of citizenship. Even if you
would not interfere where this exclusion bears
upon a few, you cannot hesitate when it bears
upon a quarter of the population. A govern-
ment which deliberately tramples upon one-
quarterofits people may call itself republican,
but it cannot be republican in reality.
But this is not all. If you look into the
constitution of Maryland and see its actual
operation you will learn that there are fourteen
counties of tho State which elect fourteen Sen-
ators out of twenty-four, which compose the
Senate, and these fourteen represent a con-
stituency of only 118,571 persons. I have in
my hands here a list of the counties with their
respective populations, which I will read:
Anne Arundel, Calvert, Charles, Howard,
Montgomery, Prince George's, St. Mary's,
Caroline, Kent, Queen Anne, Talbot, Somer-
set, Worcester, and Wicomico. Here are four-
teen counties, with a white population of only
11S,571; and yet this comparatively small
population has in the Senate no less than four-
teen representatives, being a majority of that
body. Such a distribution of political^ power
is unequal; it is anti-republican. We have
been brought up to condemn the ''rotten bor-^
onghs" of England. Here is a system of
" rotten boroughs" through which a compara-
tively small population is enabled to sway the
whole State.
Apply these general statements and these
figures to the present case. The Legislature of
Maryland, now in session, chosen, as I have
described, with a majority of its Senate repre-
senting a very small minority of its people, and
and silting under a constitution which, on its
face and also on the evidence, is anti-republican
in character, has undertaken to elect a Senator
and furnish him with a commission, and he now
presents himself at your table to take the neces-
sary oaths. Sir, I submit that it belongs to this
body now, through its proper committee, to
make an inquiry with regard to this commis-
sion and the character of the legislative body
from which it proceeds, to the end that it may
be ascertained if Maryland be in reality a re-
publican State. I assert, on the information
that has been communicated to me, that it is
not. I may stand alone. I have been more
than once reminded in this Chamber that I was
alone. I never have regretted any of those
occasions; and now again I gladly stand alone,
if it must be so, to insist that a constitution
like that of Maryland is not republican in
form, and, still further, that it belongs to the
Senate at this groat moment of our history to
declare its opinion on this question. I hope
that I do not err in making this appeal.
Mr. CONNESS. Under the proposition of
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts the
New England States—with the exception of
the State of Connecticut—together with the
State of Wisconsin, I believe, would conduct
this entire Government, none of the other
States having a republican form of govern-
ment ; and when my successor shall come here
on the 4th of March, 1869, and present his
credentials from the State of California, he
will be remanded back because the State of
California has not a republican form of gov-
ernment. Well, sir, it would be a very con-
venient way, at least, of carrying on the Gov-
ernment. There would be advantages in it,
besides giving the lead which the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts claims to have,
and which he undoubtedly has, in the Govern-
ment. There would be a great deal of pat-
ronage at tho disposition of a few. But it
would be doubtful, although it might be a re-
publican Government under that rule or plan,
whether it would be a very popular Govern-
ment. I fear very much that the paity that
would be led by my honorable friend would be
a very small party, and would not be able to
run the Government long.
I presume the honorable Senator has simply
offered this resolution for the purpose of indi-
cating how far lie is in advance of his party
friends. If that be the case, then his object
is attained, and we had better proceed to busi-
ness. 1 therefore move to lay the resolution
on the table, and upon that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. NYE. Before the vote is taken upon
that motion I desire to say  
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to lay upon the table is not debatable.
Mr. NYE. I ask the Senator to withdraw
it for a moment.
Mr. CONNESS. For the honorable Sena-
tor I would, but I am requested by Senators
around me who arc anxious to proceed to
business not to do so. I take it it would not
be profitable to continue this discussion at this
time.
Mr. NYE. What will be the effect of lay-
ing the resolution upon the table? Will tho
Senator be sworn in?
Mr. COXNESS. I suppose that-will follow
naturally and necessarily.
Mr. NYE. It seems to me it will carry the
credentials with it.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course it does.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well. You can take
the credentials where you please; the oath will
be administered to the Senator-elect.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to lay the resolution upon
the table, on which the yeas and nays are
demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand the Sen-
ator from Nevada desires to address the Senate
on this subject. I am not in favor of the res-
olution, but I shall not vote to lay it upon the
table when a Senator desires to speak upon it.
Mr. CONNESS. If the honorable Senator
from Nevada will renew the motion at the
close of his remarks I will withdraw it tempo-
rarily.
Mr. NYE. I will do so.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I withdraw it for
that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
be withdrawn by the consent of the Senate, tho
yeas and nays having been ordered upon it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair. If the motion to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table is adopted will that lay the
credentials upon the table? I suppose not; but
there are some differences of opinion on that
point.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
impression of the Chair that it would not have
that effect, though it is a question that I do
not profess to be familiar with.
Mr. JOHNSON. That was my own opinion.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore.. The Sena-
tor from California asks leave to withdraw the
motion to lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. NYE. I understood he withdrew it
temporarily to enable me to make a suggestion
upon the resolution itself.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection the motion will be considered as
withdrawn. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. NYE. I desire, Mr. President, to call
the attention of the Senate to a single item of
fact which, it seems to me, they ought to be
possessed of. It will be remembered that in
18G4, during the war, the citizens of the State
of Maryland revised or remodeled their consti-
tution. Under that revised constitution, as I
understand, the present Governor of the State
of Maryland was elected, and he was elected,
as was then understood, for the reason only
that this new constitution had been adopted.
By that constitution it will be seen that quite
a large portion of those engaged in the rebel-
lion were excluded from voting in the State of
Maryland. Subsequent to that time, in the
year 1807, perhaps, there was an arrangement
made by the then Governor of the State, who
had the power in his hands of appointing regis-
ters for the registration of voters whose judg-
ments were final upon that question, and by
means of whom the loyal element in Maryland
were able to keep possession of the State, by
which this rule of registration was to be changed,
and by wluch it was changed, so as to admit to
full political rights even those who had been
leaders, commanders, colonels, generals in the
rebel army, unpardoned, unwashed from the
rebellion. They came back at once into the
possession of political power by this fraudulent
transaction. Sir, I say fraudulent because it
was a fraud upon the wishes of those who framed
the constitution of 1801 and a fraud on the
loyal citizens of the United States. That I
may not be considered as speaking without
some authority on this subject I call attention
to a letter written by Hon. U. B. Carmichael,
I think a member of the Senate of Mary-
land 
Mr. JOHNSON. He was a member.
Mr. NYE. Formerly a member of the Sen-
ate of Maryland, in which he gives the world
to understand that the whole thing was con-
ceived in fraud. The remuneration which
Governor Swann was to receive for his fraud
was, that the Legislature elected under the
new constitution should elect him to the Sen-
ate of tho U nited States. I read from the let-
ter as published:
Bei,levik"W, December 16,18G7.
My Dear Sir: Within, please find copy of my let-
ter to Colonel Bowie.
I understand he is tlie Governor-clect of
Maiyland^now.
It is proper I should add that X wrote strongly dis-
couraging the arrangement proposed by soino tor
the election of Governor >S\v ami to the United States
Senate, and theieby ior the immediate succession of
Colonel Bowie to tho executive office.
