186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
than when he stood before Petersburg or Nash-
ville. Then he stood only before the rebel
bullets, and for himself to-day the same bullet
is as unerring and well-nigh as rapid. I saw
with ray own eyes but two weeks prior to the
November meeting of this Congress a man with
twelve buckshot in his shoulder for the crime
of voting as he desired. He had made a journey
of twenty miles to escape his assassins, and stood
with a pitiful group of children around him,
homeless and penniless in the streets, and told
me that the only property he had in the world
was an unpaid bounty claim! Out of five hun-
dred colored soldiers in my Own county up to
the meeting of Congress seventeen had been
paid—seventeen 1 Yet these claims have been
months and months before the Department.
There is no mistake in this matter. The fami-
lies of these men stand to-day facing starva-
tion. Not that they are lazy and will not work;
on the contrary many families have lived on
bread and water, and in one instance that I
know of produced twenty bales of cotton—
twenty-five per cent, of it went to the Govern-
ment in payment of taxes, the balance to the
land holder and to pay for bread and meat con-
sumed during its production. Pay this pittance
of bounty and it will secure a mule or horse for
next year's crop. Instead of charity let the
Governmentpay immediately and without delay
its obligations—this will be better than charity.
When 1 see millions asked for and voted away
in this Hall to supply this and that deficiency
I shudder. We may stop our ears to an im-
portunate appeal, yet if it be a cry of justice
God hears it. Gratitude, justice, and honor
require of us the satisfaction of this obligation. :
Heart-sick, with "hope deferred," these sol-
dier-children of the Republic drag out a weary
existence.
But I am told that this disposition will take
the matter out of the Treasury Department.
It has already been taken out in a more im-
portant particular. By action of the last Con-
gress General Howard was intrusted with the
payment of these claims after their examina-
tion by the Auditor's department. Why not
let him examine as well as pay? I hope that
the House will agree with me in this "bread
and meat'' question, this life and death matter
to ninety thousand soldiers.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I cannot
allow the amendment to be offered.
Mr. KERR. Will my colleague yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. For what
purpose ?
Mr. KERR. For the purpose of making a
few remarks with reference to the amendment
which I offered yesterday.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. How long
do you want?
Mr. KERR. Five minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] that
his amendment fell by the withdrawal of the
amendment to which it was moved as an
amendment. It is not, therefore, now before
the House.
Mr. KERR. Then I ask my colleague to
permit me to offer it now.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I cannot
allow the amendment to be offered, but I will
yield my colleague ten minutes if he wants to
talk on it.
Mr. KERR. I have no desire to speak
upon the amendment if it is not before the
House.'
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question wag seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read atime third time; and being; engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MUNGEN. Would it be in order to
call for a division of this question?
The SPEAKER. A bill cannot be divided.
Mr. MUNGEN. I would like to have a
separate vote upon the last section of the bill.
The SPEAKER. A bill, unlike a resolu-
tion, cannot be divided.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I call the
previous question upon the passage of this bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. J
sale op government iron-clads.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
commenced. The first business in order is the
call of committees for reports.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back a resolution referred to
them, with an amendment by way of substi-
tute, to strike out all after the enacting clause,
and to insert the following :
That the Secrctaryof the Navy be, and heishercby,
authorized to dispose of such iron-clad vessels as in
his judgment are not required by the interests of the
service, at a price to be determined by appraisal to
be made by a Doardof not less than five naval officers,
two of whom shall be engineers; and report shall bo
made to Congress as fast as said vessels are sold, and
the amount realized from such sales, and tho parties
to whom sold.
Mr. PIKE. If no one desires information
upon this subject 
Mr. SCOFIEIjD. Ought there not to be a
clanse in this joint resolution providing that j
the proceeds shall be paid into the Treasury ?
Without such a provision these proceeds would
remain in the Secretary's hands. j
Mr. PIKE. I have no objection to such an I
amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend by
adding the words—
Provided, That the proceeds of all such sales shall
bo paid into the Treasury of the United States.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] that
as the original resolution has uo title it might
be well to regard this substitute as an original
resolution.
Mr. PIKE. Very well; I will report it as an
original resolution.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be regarded as having been read a first and
second time. The question is upon ordering
it to be engrossed and read a third time. The
pending question is upon the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Soofield.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to inquire of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Pike,] the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, the number of iron-clads thus
proposed to be sold, their names, the amount
of money they have cost, under whose direction
they were built. I think all such information
shoald be given to this House.
I have examined sufficiently into this matter
to know, or at least to be satisfied in my own
mind, that there have been the grossest abuses
practiced in this business of iron-clad vessels,
I would suggest to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs that he should sus-
pend action on this measure for a short time
until the conclusion of an investigation now
going on before the Committee on Appro-
priations, which, I think, will disclose to the
House the true situation of matters in the
Naval Department, particularly as connected
with these iron-clads.
Mr. WOOD. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman who has charge of this measure that it
would be well to provide that this board of
appraisement shall fix a minimum price at
which they shall be sold. I think such a pro-
vision is necessary to protect the Government.
, Mr. PIKE. I will state to the House the
present position of this part of our naval force,
so that if members will listen for a few mo-
meats they can appreciate the value of the
suggestion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washburne,] as well as the suggestion of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
We have now fifty-four iron-clad Vessels laid
up at various places and in charge of larger
or smaller forces, and in the aggregate at con-
siderable expense and of course at a constant
and large depreciation in value. Those iron-
clads are laid up as follows; at League island,
twenty-one; at New Orleans, eight; at Mound
City, eight; at Washington city, five ; at Bos-
ton, four; at San Francisco, two; at New
York city, three; and at Philadelphia, three;
in all fifty-four. Those at New Orleans, as well
as those at Mound City, are kept by a consid-
erable force and at a considerable cost; I am
not able to say how much. Part of these ves-
sels are iron vessels and part* of them are
wooden vessels, and I do not know which
depreciates the faster of the two. At any
rate there is a very considerable depreciation
in both. Of course they are kept in as good
order as possible, with a view to future use or
future sale.
A portion of these vessels were made in the
Government navy-yards, such as the Miantono-
mah, Monadnock, and that class of vessels.
Those it is not proposed to sell. They are a
valuable class of vessels, which it is proposed
to have retained by the Government.
But there are a large number of smaller ves-
sels built by contract. They are- more or less
useful ip, time of war. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] says that there were
great frauds in regard to the construction of
those vessels. But that is not a material ques-
tion in the disposal of them. Whether there
were such frauds or not I am not able to say.
There was discussion about the matter when
those vessels were made, and has been since.
Large claims were made for extra compensation
for building those vessels, and very considera-
ble discussion was had as to the value of them.
Quite a large number of them were the light-
draught monitors, as they were called; and
there was a great deal of discussion as to
whether or not they were of any value.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to put an inquiry
to the gentleman. If these vessels are sold
whom does the gentleman expect to be the
purchasers ?
Mr. PIKE. I was going on to state that.
The present condition of these vessels is such
as I have stated. Now, it is manifestly, as it
seemed to me and to the committee whose
organ I am, for the interest of theGovernment
to dispose of a large portion of them. We can,
in case of necessity, produce a better class of
vessels; for, in addition to the vessels I have
enumerated, we have a number of iron-clads
on the stocks in a state of partial completion
that can be put to sea in a very short time,
But there is no probability that in case of a
foreign war we should not be allowed some
warning—a warning of some months, and it
might be longer—to prepare ourselves for
action. But whether or not there is a proba-
bility of war, it is very well to dispose of a por-
tion of these vessels and take our chances at
the time. Each gentleman can judge for him-
self as to the probability of war.
Now, then, as to finding purchasers. Very
happily for the vessel market other nations are
greatly disturbed, and the demand for vessels
arises from their apprehensions of future dis-
turbance rather than existing hostilities. Last
year there were apprehensions of difficulty
' between France and Prussia; and France im-
mediately reenforced her navy by a purchase
of two of our larger class vessels. Now, some
of the smaller Powers of Europe are in trouble,
both existing trouble and apprehended trouble,
and they wish to purchase some of the smaller
class vessels. The South American Govern-
ments are in the same condition, and they wish
to make purchases. Last week there were sev-
eral applications to the Navy Department (some
of them the renewal of previous applications)
for some of these smaller class iron-clad ves-
sels. In this way opportunity is offered for the
sale of these vessels, such opportunity as we
may not have by and by under more peaceful
circumstances. Of course there are but few
people in the world who wish to purchase iron-
clads.
Mr. MAYNARD. I supposed when I made
v
