1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3791
bunals, as to taint the holy principles upon
which our Government rests. Jf it should,
the grief of the people, the grief of the friends
of liberty throughout the world, will be more
deeply moved than when the vail of the temple
was rent in twain, and will be more intensely
sad than was mouniiug Athens when they
beheld the approach of the fatal vessel from
Delos which was to seal the fate of their
inspired teacher.
If this Government should learn to punish
her delinquent rulers, and never to depart
from the principles of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, especially from the inalienable rights
of life, liberty, and its necessary concomi-
tant—universal suffrage—she never can take a
step backward, but will sail forward on a sea
of glory into the very marge of that awful gulf
which divides time from eternity.
Mr. Speaker, Providence has placed us here
in a political Eden. All we have to do is to
avoid the forbidden fruit, for we have not
ye*, reached the perfection of justice. While
nature has given us every advantage of soil,
climate, and geographical position, man still is
vile. But such large steps have lately been
taken in the true direction, that the patriot has
a right to take courage.
My sands are nearly run, and I can only see
with the eye of faith. I am fast descending
the downhill of life, at the foot of which stands
an open grave. But you, sir, are promised
length of days and a brilliant career. If you
and your compeers can fling away ambition
and realize that every human being, however
lowly-born or degraded, by fortune is your
equal, that every inalienable right which belongs
to you belongs also to him, truth arid righteous-
ness will spread over the land, and you will
look down from the top of the Rocky mount-
ains upon an empire of one hundred millions
of happy people.
Still, we must remember not to place our
trust in princes, for we have seen that in the
richest heart, the most highly cultivated mind,
adorned with every literary grace, keen in argu-
ment as the Stagerite, and fortified with an out-
ward shield of bronzed austerity which seemed
to forbid the approach of levity or corruption $
this richest composition of human mold may
be the abode of malignity, avarice, corroding
lust, and uncontrollable ambition, as the owl,
the prairie'dog, and rattlesnake nestle together
in loving harmony in the richest soil ot the
prairie.
I desire that the resolutions shall be post-
poned until next Monday, as certain gentle-
men wish to look at them.
[APPENDIX.
Extract from the testimony taken before the Judiciary
Committee of the House of Hepresentatix><?*, second ses-
sion 'fhirty-JXinth and second session Fortieth Con-
gress.
Colonel Wood testifies as follows,in a directinter-
view with the President himself, being the least atro-
cious of an hundred similar oases:
"Question. After that did you apply to th-ePresident
for any office?
"Answer. I did, sir.
'*Question. By whom were you recommended?
"Answer. By Colonel Iluel, by Mr. II. F. Cosper, as*
ses*or, and several military recommendations.
"Question. When did you apply to the President?
"Answer. On the 20th or 21st of September. 1866.
"Question. Did you wait for him to return from his
' journey to Chicago?
"Answer. I did; I arrived in Washington during
his western trip. .
"Question. State as distinctly as you can the form
of conversation and wliattook place between you and
th^ President.
"Answer. I introduced myself and showed my rec-
ommendations. and statod my claims for Govern-
ment employment; that I was a resident of the South,
and being a Union man was driven away from the
South, and compelled to lose all my property ; that I
had been in the Army and had a good record, and
thought I was entitled to Government employment,
as I was poor and out of employment, lie looked at
two of my recommendations, I think, aim gianccd at
some others, but did not readthem, and said my claim
was good, or worthy of attention, I do not remember
which. He then asked mo what position I wanted.
X suggested some appointment in the internal reve-
nue department, as I was acquainted with that, and
it had been suggested to me by some of my friends in
Memphis that I should ask for something ot that
™ Question. Did you surest to him where?
"Answer. I suggested in Alabama or some part of i
the South. IIo then asked me—I suppose noticing j
that I was not much of a politician—what my polit- i
ical proclivities were. I told him I was in favor of j
the present Administration, had always been a loyal |
man and a Republican, and that I had faith or con- j
fidence in our Administration, in our present Con- j
gross and in the Chief Kxeeutive of the nation. lie j
then asked mo if I was aware of any differences !
between himself and Congress. "Wishing to make as
good a ease as I could, because I wanted the appoint-
ment, Is'ud I was aware of some differences on minor
points. He then replied: * They are not minorpoints,
sir; and the patronage and influence of these officers
must be in my favor;' leaving me to infer, in his
favor, as opposed to Congress. As I inferred that I
replied that I could not accept an office, and retired."
Testimony of James L. Selfridgc.
"Question. State your residence?
"Ansioer. Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.
"Question. State if you were appointed to any office
in the congressional district in which you reside?
"Answer. In the lattor part of June, 1865, I was
appointed assessor of internal revenue of the elev-
enth district of Pennsylvania, to fill a vacancy.
Question. IIow long did you continue to hold that,
office ?
"Answer. I lield it until the 20th of November,
1866.
"Question. State, if you please, whether you held
a commission in the usual form ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I held a commission from the
Secretary of the Treasury until the adjournment of
the Senate.
Question. Now state, if you please, whether your
name was sent into the Senate for confirmation?
''Answer. So far asl know it was not sent in.
"Question. Did you bring the matter, at any time
during the session of the Senate, to the notico of the
Treasury Department?
"Answer. I came down here the 5th of J une, I think;
I do not recollect distinctly whether I saw the As-
sistant Secretary that day or the next dav, the 5th or
6tli of June; I called at the Treasury Department
with the view of urging him to send my name in.
'* Question. You know, then, that it had not been
sent in.
"Answer. I so understood; I was unable to see the
Secretary, and saw Assistant Secretary Chandler,
who, after a moment, referred me to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; hq seemed to be aware
that my name had not boon sent in; Mr. Rollins could
not be seen, and I saw Mr. Whitman, the deputy
commissioner; I told him thafclhad beenover to the
Secretary's office and stated my business there, and
they had referred me to the Commissioner's office; I
inquired why the name had not been sent in; he re-
plied that Mr. Cowan had charge of the Pennsylvania
appointments, and that when Mr. Cowan said tho
name should go in it would go, and not until then.
"Question. State whether you called at any time
upon the President himself in regard to it?
"Answer. No, sir; I called on Mr.Cowan and stated
to him what I learned at the Department. lie re-
plied that he supposed that was so. #
"Question. Did he give you any advice?
"Ansioer. IIo told me to go home and support the
President and his policy and he would attend to the
matter; I saw him before the adjournment of Con-
gress, on the 3d day of July, in the city of Philadel-
phia; he there intimated to me that the name would
not be sent in; he told mo that if I stopped taking
Radical papers and supported the President and his
policy the Piesidont might reappoint me. but he
would appoint no one who took Radical papers.
"Question. You had no conversation with any offi-
cers eonnccted with the Treasury Department in
regard to the matter after that ?
"Answer. I sawtbe Secretary ofthe Treasury sub-
sequently, I think, about the 25th or 26th of Feb-
ruary. and I inquired of him how the matter was.
He said he supposed it was an omission; I told him
I knew how it was; that the matter had been left
entirely -with Mr. Cowan. Ho made no reply.
"Question. Did Mr. Cowan state to you, as if by
authority, what was tho President's policy ?
"Answer. He stated very emphatically, so far na 1
was concerned, that unless I stopped taking Radical
papers, and supported the Piesidcnt's policy,1 would
not be reappointed. I hold. the office after the
adjournmentof the Senate until November. 1 have
a letter hero from tho Fifth Auditor of the Treasury
Department, dated May 8,1867, in which he speaks
of there having been an omission in sending in my
name, and they refused to pay salary and commis-
sions after the adjournment of the Senate. X wrote
to him about the matter, and he replied that there
seemed to be an omission to send in my name, and
that I therefore ceased to be entitled to receive com-
pensation as assessor on the 28th of July, 186(5. .
Testimony of John Evans.
"Question. State your residence.
"Answer. Denver City, Colorado Territory.
"Question. To what position were you elected
under the proposed State organization of Colorado?
"Ansioer. United States Senator.
"Question. Were you in this city about the time of
tho passage ofthe bill, during the first session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, providing for the admission
ot the State of Colorado into the Union?
"^-Insurer. I wr.s.
"Question. State whether you had any interviews
with the President of the United States after the
passago of that bill, in reference to the same?
'Answer. I had.
"Question. Were you invited to any such inter-
views ?
I was, by an anonymous note.
"Question. Have you the note, and if so produce it?
*'Ansu>er. Supposing it would bo called for I
brought it along, and present the original note.
"Question. Please read it.
"Ansioer. It reads as follows: 'Mr. Evans will
please call at the President's house and see Mr.
Edward Cooper, Monday.'
"Question. Do you know inwhosehandwritingthis
note is?
"Answer. I do not.
"Question. By whom was it delivered to you?
"Answer. It was left in my box at the note! post
office, National Hotel.
"Question. State whether in response to that not©
you called upon Mr. Edward Cooper?
"Answer. I did.
"Question. What position was Mr. Cooper occupy-
ing at, that time?
"Answer. I understood him to be tho Private Sec-
retary ofthe President.
"Question. Please state what transpired at that in-
terview between you and Mr. Cooper?
"Answer. We had a long interview in regard to the
political situation, and in regard to the probability
of the President signing the Colorado Bill.
"Question. Statesubstantially in detail what trans-
pired during that interview?
"Ansioer. It would be difficult, at this late period
to detail all the conversation that, passed between
us. Thesubstancoofit was that it.was Mr.Cooper's
impression that if Mr. Chaffee and I would sustain
the President's policy he would not veto the Colorado
bill.
"Question. Did he pretend to speak by authority?
"Answer. I think that, although his general con-
versation would indicate that he did, he in terms
disclaimed speaking by authority. He said the mat-
ter was in our hands, and that it was for us to say.
"Question. Meaning thereby that the approval or
disapproval of that bill was in your hands?
"Answer. That is what I understood him to mean.
"Question. After that interview with Mr. Cooper
did you have an interview with the President the
same day?
"Answei'. We did immediately following on the
same night.
"Question. Did Mr. Cooper go in with you?
"Answer. No, sir; he proposed that we should go
in and sec the President.
"Question. State as much as possible in detail tho
conversation that occurred between you and Mr.
Cooper, and between you and the President?
" Ansioer. Previous to our interview with the Pres-
ident w« were invited into a private room by Mr.
Cooper, who said he desired to talk with us in regard
to the Colorado question. After a resume of tho
present political situation he said it was of vital
importance for us to bo friends of the President and
his plan of restoration; said there would be no trouble
about our bill if we would give our adherence to the
President's policy; that believing, as the President
did, that the future welfare and harmony of tho
country depended upon sustaining him, and against
Congress, it would not be expedient in him, the Pres-
ident, to admit us to fix a ruling power over him in
the Senate; that there was no constitutional reason
or precedent upon which to veto—it was_ merely a
question of expediency—and added, 'It is tor jou,
gentlemen, to decide.' He said a great deal else of
this import, to all of which wq answered and stated
that wc had no personal hostility to the President;
would be glad to see harmony, and hoped a more
perfect understanding .between the President and
Congress would yet harmonize them; and that some
plan would yet be agreed upon that would restore
the union of ail the States, so that loyalty could be
encouraged and protected in the late rebel States*
that one of us (Mr. Chaffee) hud voted tor him, the
President, in the Baltimore convention ;_and thatwo
should sustain hitn, so far as we could, in justice to
our views upon the greatnational question of recon-
struction. He tBken asked us to go in and see the
President, which we did. The Presidcntraetus very
cordially; went over his whole plan in detail since
his inauguration; said that our bill placed him in a
rather awkward position; that he felt the necessity
of carrying out his policy as the only one to re-tore
the Union; that the Radicals in Congre&s, if allowed
to succeed, would disrupt and destroy the Govern-
ment. He characterized the leading men as actuated
only by a desire to prolong themselves in power, and
said he did not deem it expedient or in eonsonanco
with tho future welfare of the Union to admit two
more into the Senate to carry out theirsohemes; that
he felt friendly to the West, and desired to do light,
&c. To alL of which we answered that we thought
him mistaken about the animui and object of the
majority in Congress; that we believed they, as well
as himself, were actuated by patriotic motives; that
wc felt it to be our duty to be free to act as we thought
best in our judgment, after taking the oath to sup-
port the Constitution of tho United States; that we
could have no object in this exigency but to act in a
way that wouldrestorethecountry upon a just basis,
so that the rights of all would be guarantied; that
wo should have sustained the civil rights bill, if we
could have voted upon it; that we very much de-
sired the admission of Colorado, and hoped hewould
approve the measure. &c. I further stated to htm
that I had been a Republican since the organization
of that party. After we left him, Mr. Cooper held
another private interview with us, in which he re-
quested us to put our views in writing for him, not
. * •  1 . ..    /w\r, _
over night, and to see ,
the morning. During this interview he lelt us nnu
we went in to see the President, and after returning
he made this requestfor us to put our views m wi it-
ing. We called in tbemorning,separately ami vvitti-
out consultation with eaeh other, and declined,stat-
ing that we had said and done all that we could, and
would have to submit to what the President saw fit
to do in the premises."
