2768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June *2,
think myself there may be trouble, such as has
been suggested by the Senator from Maine, in
making this change. These men have been in
office some lime attending to this business. I
do not know but that the country has suffered ;
but if it has, it can endure this suffering, it
seems to me, until the 4th day of next March,
when possibly, if a change is made, we can
expect an improvement. But to undertake to
remove these men from office at this time with
an idea of having others appointed who are
better, taking the chances of a disagreement
between the President and the Senate as to
their successors, it seems to me is not very
politic or wise, and I must confess that the
necessity of that course is not very obvious to
me at this time.
I should favor this plan under other circum-
stances. If I had that confidence in the Ex-
ecutive which would induce me to believe that
men eminent for their legal qualifications would
be taken to fill these places, and not men dis-
tinguished for partisan fealty, then I should
favor this plau ; but according to my present
apprehensions I doubt very much whether
there would be anything gained by this change,
aud I do not like to see the experiment tried.
As far as I know the men who attend to the-
business of the Government in the Court.of
Claims, they are very respectable gentlemen.
Perhaps there has been some complaint made,
but not more than is generally made of public
officers, and I think that the country can stand
the infliction of having these men fill these
offices uutil the 4th of next March better than
it can stand the experiment of a change at the
hands of the President at the present time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee on
the Judiciary, as amended, to insert, the pro-
posed fifth section, and upon this question the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. FREDINGHUYSEN. Before the vote
is taken, I desire to say that I have received a
note from a friend of Senator Harlax request-
ing me to state that he is absent to-day in con-
sequence of sickness, and that he hopes to be
able to be present in the Senate in the course
of a few days.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 13 j as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Cole, Conkling, Conncss,
Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Eerry, Freling-
huysen, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Patterson ot New Hampshire, Kamsey,
Stewart. Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and
Yates—2'1.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Dcolittle,
Fesnenden, Hendricks ilowaid, MeCreery, Patterson
ot Tennessee, Ross, Saulsbury, Sherman, Vickers,
and Williams--—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Chandler,
Davis, Dixon, Fowler, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson,
Johnson, Morton, Norton, Nye, Pomeroy. Sprague,
Thayer, Tipton, Van Winkle, and Willey—-19,
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
the Judiciary was to insert the following as
section six:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That it shall
also be the duty of the said Attorney General and his
assistants, in ail eases brought againt the United
fetates m said Court of Claims founded upon any
contract, agreement, or transaction with any execu-
tive Department, or any bureau, officer, or agent of
such Department, or where the matter or thing on
which the, claim is based shall have been passed upon
and decided by any Department, bureau, or officer
intrusted by law or Department regulations with the
settlement and adjustment of such claims, demands,
or accounts, to transmit to said Department, bureau,
oi officer, as aforesaid, a printed copy of the petition
hied by the Maimant in suck cane, with a request
that the said Department, bureau, or officer to whom
, .  ,        • may be in
the possession or knowledge of thesaid Department,
bureau, or officer; and it shall be the duty of the
said Department, bureau, or officer to whom such
petition may be transmitted and such request pre-
ferred a* aforesaid, without delay, and within a
reasonable time, to furnish said Attorney General
with a full statement of all the facts, information,
and proofs which are or may be within the knowl-
edge or in tho possession of said Department, bureau,
or officer, relating to the claim aforesaid. Such
statement shall also contain a reference to or de-
scription of all official documents or papers, it any,
as may or do furnish proof of facts referred to in said
statement, or that may be necessary and proper for
the defense of the United States against the said
claim, together with the Department, office, or place
where the same is kept or may be procured. And if
the said claim shall have been passed upon and de-
cided by the said Department, bureau, or officer, the
statement or answer to be transmitted to said Attor-
ney General, as hereinbefore provided, shall suc-
cinctly state the reasons and principles upon which
such decision shall have been based. In all cases
where such decision shall have been made upon any
act of Congress or upon any section or clause of such
act, the same shall be cited specifically. And if any
previous interpretation or construction shall have
been given to such act, seetion, or clause by the said
Department or bureau transmitting such statement,
the same shall be set forth, succinctly in said state-
ment, and a copy of the opinion filed, if any, shall be
annexed to such statement and transmitted with the
same to theAttorney General aforesaid. And where
any decision in the case shall have been based upon
any regulation of an executive Department, or where
such regulation shall or may, in the opinion of the
Department, bureau, or officer transmitting such
statement, have any bearing upon the claim in suit,
the same shall be distinctly referred to and quoted
in extento in the statement transmitted to said At-
torney General: Provided, however. That where there
shall be pending in the said court more than one
case, or a class of cases, the defense to which shall
rest upon the same facts, circumstances, and proofs,
the said Department, bureau, or officer shall only be
required to certify and transmit one statement ot the
same, and such statement shall be held to apply to
all such classes of cases as it made out, certified, and
transmitted in each case respectively.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as sec-
tion seven :
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That it shall and
maybe lawful for the head of anyexecutive Depart-
ment, whenever any claim is made upon said Depart-
ment, involving disputed facts orcontroverterl ques-
tions of law, where the amount in controversy exceeds
$3,000, or where the decision will affect a class of cases
or furnish a precedent for the future action of any
executive Department in the adjustment, of a class
of coses, without regard to the amount involved in
the particular case, or where any authority, right,
privilege, or exemption is claimed or denied under
the Constitution of the United States, to causc such
claim, with all thevouchers, papers, proofs, anddocu-
nients pertaining thereto, to be transmitted to the
Court ot Claims, and the same shall be there pro-
ceeded in as if oiiginally commenced by the volun-
tary action of the claimant. And the Secretary of
the Treasury may, upon the certificate of any Audi-
tor or Comptroller of the Treasury, direct any ac-
count, matter, or claim of the character, amount, or
class described or limited in this section to be trans-
mitted, with all the vouchers, papers, documents,
and proofs pertaining thereto, to the said Court of
Claims, for trial and adjudication: Provided, how-
ever* That no case shall be referred by any head of a
Department unless it belongs to one ot the several
classes of eases cs to which, by reason of the subjcct-
inatterand character, the said Court of Claims might,
under existing laws, take jurisdictionnn such volun-
taiy action of the claimant. And ail the cases men-
tioned in this section which shall be transmitted by
the head of any executive Department, or upon the
certificate of any Auditor or Comptroller, shall be
proceeded in as other cases pending in said court,
and shall, in all respects, be subject to the same rules
and regulations; and appeals from the final judg-
ments or decrees of the said court therein to tho
Supreme Court of the United States shall be all9wed
in the manner now provided by law. The amount
of the final judgments or decrees in such cases so
transmitted to said court, where rendered in favor
of the claimants, shall in all cases be paid out of any
specific appropriation applicable to tho same if any
such there be; and where no such appropriation
exists the same shall be paid in the same manner as
other judgments of said court.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to ask the Senator
from Vermont what particular necessity there
is for this seventh section? I confess that I
know of no facts which seem to require the
passage of such a provision of law as this. It
seems to me that it will tend to relieve, in a
very great degree, the heads of the Executive
Departments and the heads of bureaus from
the just responsibilities which they are bound
to discharge by their appointments. Under
this section the head of any executive Depart-
ment, and I think the head of any bureau, is
authorized to transfer any claim which may
come into his possession for consideration to
the Court of Claims, and*instead of deciding
it himself, turn the whole matter over to the
judges of the Court of Claims, and have it
decided there. All claims may be thus dis-
posed of that involve an amount greater than
$3,000. What is the necessity for this? Why
relieve the head of an executive Department or
the head of a bureau of the ordinary adminis-
trative duties which devolve on him, and turn
those duties over to the Court of Claims, thus
driving the claimant into court and compelling
him to employ counsel there and submit to all
the inconvenience and delay and expense of
litigation, when the facts in the case or thelaw in
the case might as well be determined by the head
of the Department or of the bureau, as by the
Court of Claims ? I should like to hear vsome
explanation of the necessity of this provision.
Are there any complaints in the Departments
or in the bureaus that they are overburdened
with this description of duties?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I am glad
to be able to satisfy my friend from Michigan,
as I think I can, as to the propriety of this
seventh section. The spirit and object of it is
to change the present system by which a Sec-
retary of an executive Department has a sub-
ordinate of his pass upon a disputed claim,
controverted questions of law and fact, subject
to the ex parte pressure that we know is always
brought to bear by the applicant upon that
subordinate, that clerk or head of a bureau or
of a division or whatever he may be, which
leads to his making a report to the Secretary
that does not properly present those facts
which are controverted or the law which is
disputed, thus producing a decision adverse to
the United States by the head of the Depart-
ment who orders a claim to be paid, when if
the subject had been contested before a board
of lawyers or commissioners or judges, as this
section provides, where counsel for the United
States could be heard, where every influence
which should be brought to bear should be an
open and public one in a court, the result
might have been entirely different. That /'as
the object of this section, to relieve the Gov-
ernment from the inroads that are now being
made upon it through the Departments where
the Secretary of the Department is not respon-
sible at all, because he cannot with his time—
and I do not speak of any one in particular;
none of them can—he cannot with his time
himself go into a minute examination of ail
the disputed claims that are presented. He
is, therefore, obliged to rely upon his head of
bureau, and the head of bureau is obliged to
rely upon the clerk there who makes report to
him ; and consequently if you get the least
amount of undue influence in the original
examination by some clerk of a large claim
that depends upon disputed facts ,or contro-
verted law you are in danger (and practice has
shown that it is not a light danger) of having
the head of an executive Department finally
allow a claim against the Government when,
if it had been subjected to a contested investi-
gation in a public way, it would not have stood
a minute.
We thought, therefore, that it was wise and
proper,_ under every consideration that pre-
sented itself to us, to authorize the Secretaries
of the various Executive Departments to send
these large controverted claims above $3,000
to the Court of Claims. We did not want to
put every claimant to the expense of going to
the Court of Claims; but those claims which
are of a considerable amount we think should
be sent to a tribunal where, if there is a real
controversy, there will be a real defense before
persons of skill, ability, and respectability.
I hat is the theory of it. I speak with defer-
ence to my friend from Michigan ; I think it
ought to be satisfactory to him.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, certainly
the honorable Senator from Vermont has made
out as good an excuse as could well be framed
for this very anomalous section in the bill, and
he is entitled to great credit for the ingenuity
which he has displayed. But I am really not
able to appreciate it. This Government has
been in operation since 1789, and we have
never had any such arrangement in theadmin-
istrativeDepartments of the Government as is
contemplated in this seventh section. It is an
entire anomaly, and I believe that it has no
example and no precedent in any Government
in the world, free or otherwise. What is it, sir?
Simply this : where there is a claimant prose-
cuting a claim before the head of an executive
Department or the head of a bureau of the
Government, which amounts to more than
three thousand dollars, ifc is discretionary in
the head of the Department or bureau to trans-
