1744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareh'9,
By some arrangement previous to the election
last year it was agreed bysome that Governor Swann
should be elected to the Senate if he should appoint
registrars who would register the true vote in the
State. I was not a party thereto, and did not l'eel
myself bound by it. But so many did that it resulted
that there could not be an election of any other per-
son without aid of the Radical vote in the Legisla-
ture. Preferring even Governor Swann to any mem-
ber of our party who might be willing to accept the
place bythe Radical vote,I, witlisomcothers, agreed
to giyo him my vote, provided his special friends
would vote to enfranchise our citizens and for the
call of a convention.
The agreement was performed on our part. He
wa,'- elected.
On our party, it is my opinion, he has no further
claim. As its exponent in the State a host of others
stand before him.
Pardon all this. I thought it due to myself.
I am, truly, yours.
RICHARD B. CARMICHAEL.
Now, Mr. President, if that is true, the
present constitution of Maryland rests upon no
other basis than a corrupt political agreement;
and hence the Senate will see why there is
such a disparity between representation and
population, and why that portion of the State
which was considered the most disloyal, and
probably remains so, was entitled to a repre-
sentation altogether unequal to other portions
of the State that were less disloyal. I assume
that if this constitution was based upon a
fraudulent political agreement that certain
things were to be done to have the former
constitution violated, that the rebels were to
be permitted to vote under a wicked miscon-
struction of the constitution, it is not the duty
of the Senate of the United States by solemn
action to recognize that fraud, to hold that a
constitution is republican in its form, in its
origin, and in its nature that not only disfran-
chises a large portion of the vote of the State
of Maryland, but enfranchises a large popula-
tion that was disloyal to this Government.
I thought it due to myself to say this much.
I desire that the question should be properly
considered; and I submit with great confi-
dence, if this be true, as exposed by one of
their own number not friendly to us—a man
who prefers, as he says, even Governor Swann
to any one who would accept the Radical vote
as a Representative in the Senate—the whole
thing is based in fraud of the rights of the citi-
zens of Maryland, and in fraud of the rights of
the citizens of the UnitedStates. Par different,
indeed, is it from the case of the States that
are represented and have not changed their
constitutions since the Constitution of the
United States was adopted. My friend from
California will see, if he looks through this
constitution, that while they assert that slavery
shall be no longer in existence in Maryland
they yet claim to say that that act was uncon-
stitutional in the constitution itself.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say to my friend
that I addressed the few remarks I made to
the text of the resolution offered, and I ob-
jected to it on that ground.
Mr. NYE. I am not particular about the
form of the text; but I think it is time that
Senators here should place themselves as Sen-
ators of the United States upon the ram-
parts to guard this body and the interests of
this country from the result of such fraudulent
bargains and contracts as appears from this
letter of Carmichael himself. The result is
simply this : that this Governor Swann, in vio-
lation of the then existing constitution, directed
and authorized his registers to commit a foul
wrong upon that instrument; that he author-
ized the registration of those whose hands were
yet red with the blood of loyal men to thwart
the wishes of the loyal citizens of Maryland;
and, for one, I propose not to be an indorser
upon an agreement thatwillforeverbea stench
in the nostrils of the citizens of this country.
Mr. CONNESS. I now renew my motion
and the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the honorable mem-
ber to permit me to say a word.
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is withdrawn.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not propose to dis-
cuss the question raised specifically by the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, but to
refer to the charge made by the honorable
member from Nevada. When Maryland thinks
proper to defend herself or her citizens should
require to be defended on this floor I hope she
will find a representative of her own to do her
that service. I renew the motion to lay the res-
olution upon the table, and upon that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 wish to inquire whether
or not, if this motion be adopted, it carries the
credentials also.
Mr. JOHNSON. I asked that, and the
Chair said not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
intimated, at the instance of the Senator, that it
probably would not; but on reflection 1 think
it very doubtful, and shall refer the question to
the decision of the Senate. I know of no rule
about it.
Mr. CONNESS. When credentials are
offered here they always go to the table with-
out a special motion. That is where they
belong. The effect of this motion is the same.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly; it must be the
same.
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly; and the Senator
is then admitted to take the oath.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is not open to debate.
Mr. SUMNER. The question was on order-
ing the yeas and nays, which had not been
ordered. I do not object to ordering the yeas
and nays, but propose to exercise a privilege
which belongs to me as a Senator on this
floor.
Mr. CONNESS. The yeas and nays were
called for.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
and nays are called for, and the question is on
ordering them.
Mr. SUMNER. Before thatquestion is put
I desire to say that yielding to the suggestions
of Senators about me I withdraw the resolu-
tion. 1 have accomplished my purpose in
making the point.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
olution is withdrawn. The Senator will advance
to the Chair and take the oath.
Mr. Vickers advanced to the desk, and, the'
oaths required by the Constitution and by the
act of July 2, 1862, having been administered
to him, he took his seat in the Senate.
ordell 01? business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of Saturday is before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the further con-
sideration of the unfinished business be post-
poned until half past one o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN and Mr. MORRILL, of
Maine. Let it be passed over informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
passed over informally if there be no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion to its being passed over informally.
The PRESIDENT_pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection, and the morning business
will be proceeded with.
house bills referred.
The bill {H. R. No. 869) prescribing an oath
of office to be taken'by persons from whom
legal disabilities shall have been removed, and
the bill (H. R. No. 870) to remove political
disabilities from Roderick R. Butler, of Ten-
nessee, were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
printing of A cojimunicatiox.
Mr. SUMNER. There was a communica-
tion from the President the other day relating
to what is known as the guano island of Alta
Vela. I understood that it was ordered to be
printed and referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations. The Journal does not show
that it was ordered to be printed. I ask that
such an order be made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made, no objection being made.
bills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Wiixiam G. Moore, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had this
day approved and signed a bill (S. No. 25) for
the relief of John H. Ellis, a paymaster in the
United States Army; and a bill (S. No. 237)
in relation to the promulgation of the laws of
the United States.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 268)
for the relief of the legal representatives of the
late Philip R. Fendall, deceased; and the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 102) instructing the
superintendent of the asylum for the insane in
the District of Columbia to admit James
Mcintosh on the same footing as indigent insane
persons of the District.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendment of the
Senate to the joint resolution of the House
(H. R. No. 19) directing that certain moneys
now in the hands of the United States Treas-
urer, as special agent of the Treasury Depart-
ment, be covered by warrant into the United
States Treasury, with an amendment, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
insisted upon its amendment to the bill (S. No.
308) for the relief of the heirs of the late Gen-
eral Duncan L. Clinch, deceased, disagreed to
by the Senate, asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. W. S. Holman of Indiana,
Mr. J. A.Bingham of Ohio, and Mr. William
B. Washburn of Massachusetts, managers at
the same on its part.
restoration of alabama.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 112) to restore
Alabama to representation in Congress.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to move the refer-
ence of that joint resolution to the Committee
on the Judiciary; but before doing so I wish
to say a word or two in explanation of it.
When we passed the act to facilitate the re-
construction and restoration of the rebel States
in March last we provided that the people of
these States should vote freely, without restraint
or fear or the influence of fraud. I maintain
that the people of Alabama have not had the
privilege of voting " freely, without restraint
or fear," and thus have failed by three or four
thousand votes to adopt the constitution. I
have the evidence of a large number of gentle-
men well known in Alabama and many of
them in the country certifying to the menaces
and outrages connected with that election.
These statements go to show that many thou-
sands of people were threatened with dismissal
from employment if they dared to vote for the
constitution, and that they were dismissed after
voting for it. Many persons, professional men
and others, were deterred from voting by the
declarations made that they would be injured
in their business; that lawyers and doctors
would not be employed in their professions,
and that business men would be put under
proscription. These menaces deterred thou-
sands, black and white, from voting for the
constitution.
I am told that in one case a planter who
allowed himself to be a candidate for office
and who was elected to the Senate of Ala-
bama, himself the owner of thirteen thousand
acres of land, after the election, on a visit to
the city of Mobile, was told by the merchant
with whom he did business that he could do
business with him no longer on account of his
position and vote. I am told by a gentleman
who served in our Army and attained the rank
of general that Governor Fitzpatrick. formerly
a member of this body, and once the Presiding
OtBcer of the Senate, called up the men in his
employment and threatened them that if they
