1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3793
their'respective territories and jurisdiction, which
had become by reason ot the overthrow ot those gov-
ernments the property of the United States, andaJso
to tax the people of the said States for the same pur-
pose in violation of the provisions of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, which give to Congress
alpne tho power to levy tnxesaml dispose of thepub-
lic property of the United States; whereby the said
Andrew Johnson, President as aforesaid, did then
and there commit and was guilty of a high inisde-
Jneanor in ofiice.
Article IV.
That the said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, in like contempt of the Constitution
and laws thereof did, on or about the — day of ,
1865, without the authority or consent of Congress,
surrender and turn over to the provisional govern-
ment established by him for the State of North Car-
olina, a large amount of roal estate at Greenville, in
said State, consisting of buildings erected during the
rebellion for the manfaeture of arms, on lands do-
nated for that object, and of the appraised value of
$33,918 78, and this for the purpose of paying in part
the expenses of his said government and to enable
him to maintain the jsarne without the consent or
cooperation of Congress; whereby tho said Andrew
Johnson, President as aforesaid, did then and there
commit and was guilty of a high misdemeanor in
office.
Articlk V.
That the said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, in like contempt of the Constitution
and laws and of the authority of Congress, and with
a view to the maintenance and recognition of the
government established by him in the State of North
Carolina, and in pursuance of a settled purpose on
his part to permit each of the rebel States to receive
and enjoy all the rights and privileges of any other
States in the Union, on the ground that they had
been fully restored by him, and in defiance of the
known will of Congress in the premises, did, on the
— day of , 186—, order and direct the Secretary of
the Interior to issue to the said government as one
of the United States, a largo amount of land scrip,
under the pretended authority of an act of Congress
passed during the rebellion, and authorizingthe dis-
tribution thereof among the States for agricultural
purposes, and in fraud of the said act, and of the
true intent of Congress therein; whereby the said
Andrew Johnson, President as aforesaid, did then and
theic commit and was guilty of a high misdemeanor
in office.
Article VI.
That the said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, in like contempt of the Constitution
and the laws thereof, did on or about the —day
of , 1865, without the authority or consent of
Congress, and without any consideration whatever,
surrender and deliver over to the rebel stockholders
and owners of railroads within the revolted States,
which were captured in the war waged by them
against the Government of the United States, the
roads so captured, on which very large sums of money
had been expendedby the said Government, together
with the rolling stock and machinery belonging to
the same—the whole being of the value of many mil-
lion dollars; and did also surrender and deliverover
to the same partiesoncor more railroads constructed
by the so-called confederate government for the pur-
poses of tho war, and one or more railroads con-
structed at great expense by the Government of the
United States itself, in violation of the provisions of
the Constitution of the United States; whereby tho
said Andrew Johnson, President as aforesaid, did
then and there commit and was guilty of a high mis-
demeanor m ofiice.
Article VII,
That the said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, in like contempt of the Constitution
and the laws thereof, did, on or about the — day of
• , 1865, and at other times, without the authority
or consent of Congress, sell and transfer to the dis-
loyal stockholders of railroad companies within the
rebel States, at a private valuation, on a long credit,
and without any adequate security, a laige amount
of railroad rolling stock and machinery belonging
to the Government of the United States, of the value
of many millions of dollars; and did also, after
repeated willful defaults on the part of tho purchasers
thereof, postpone the debt due to the Government
therefor, which has never yet been paid, in oider to
enable them to satisfy the claims ol other creditors
including long arrears of interest on a large amount
of bonds of the said companies, of which the said
Andrew Johnson was himself a large holder at the
time, in violation of tho Constitution of the United
States and of his duty as President, and in fraud of
the said Government; whereby the said Andrew
johnson, President as aforesaid, did then and tlieie
commit and was guilty of a high misdemeanor in
office.
Article VIII.
That the said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, in like contempt of the Constitution
and the laws thereof, did, on or about the — day of
 ,1865, and at divers other days and times, order
to be surrendered, and did surrender and deliver up,
without equivalent, and under the pretense that he
had authority so to do by virtue of .the pardoning
power vested in him by the Constitution, to the
original rebel proprietors a large amount of real
estate, comprising among others about one hundred
and twelve tracts or parcels of land within the State
of Virginia alone, which had been duly libelled and
condemned b> judgment of the courts for tho treason
of tho said proprietors, in pursuance of law, and had
thorcbv become expressly vested in the Government
oi the United State- for the use thereof; whereby
the said Andi ew Johnston, President as aforesaid, did
40tii Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 238.
then and there commit and was guilty of a high mis-
demeanor m office.
Article IX.
That the said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, in like contempt of the Constitution
and laws, did, oil or about the — day of , 1865,
apd st other times, without the authority or consent
of Congress, and in plain violation of law, not only
restore to rebel owners large amounts of cotton and
other abandoned property that had been seized by
the agents of the Treasury, under and in conformity
With the law in that ease provided, but did pay and
order to be paid back to tho rebel claimants the pro-
ceeds of actual sales thereof to a very large amount
of money, at his own mere will and pleasure and in
utter defiance of the act of Congress of ,
directing the same to be paid into tho Treasury, and
referring the parties aggrieved for remedy to the
courts; whereby the said Andrew Johnson, Presi-
dent as aforesaid, did then and there commit and
was guilty of a high misdemeanor in office.
Article X.
That the said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, in like contempt of the Constitution,
did, on tho — day of ,1805, and at divers other
days and times, unlawfully abuse and misuse the
pardoning power bestowed on him thereby, to the
great detriment of tho public, by releasing the mo«t
active and formidable of tho loaders of the rebel-
lion, for the purpose of .securing their services in aid
of his plan of i ©construction by Executive author-
ity, and further, by substantially delegating the
same to one or more of his provisional governors
by pledging himself to pardon all such persons as
they might recommcnd for that purpose; whereby
the said Andrew Johnson, President as aforesaid,
did then and there commit and was guilty of a high
misdemeanor in office.
Articlk XI.
That tho said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, in like contempt of his obligation
under the Constitution to see that the laws wore
faithfully executed, did not only refuse to enforce
the laws parsed by Congress for the suppression of
the rebellion, and the punishment of those who gave
it comfort and support, by directing proceedings
against thorn and their property, but did absolutely
obstruct the course of public justice by prohibiting
the institution of legal ptoceedings lor that pur-
pose, and, where ah cady commenced, by staying the
same indefinitely or ordering absolutely the discon-
tinuance thereof; and, in pur^uanco of a general
policy adopted by him to that effect did, among
other things, on or about the — day of , 1867,
not ouly release from imprisonmentacertain Clem-
ent C. Clay, then a State prisoner, charged, among
other things, with treason, with complicity in the
murder of Mr. Lincoln, and with organizing bands
of pirates, robbers, and murderers m Canada to
burn the cities and ravage the commercial coasts of
tho United Stales on the Biitish frontier, but did
also forbid his arrest on proceedings instituted
against him for treason and conspiracy in tho State
of Alabama, and did further order his property,
when the same was seized for confiscation under the
laws of Congress, at the instance of the district
attorney of the United States for that district, to be
restored; whereby the said Andrew Johnson, Presi-
dent as aforesaid, did then and thore commit and
was guily of a high misdemeanor in office.
Article XII.
That tho said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, in like contempt and forgctlulness of
his obligation under the Constitution to see that the
laws were faithfully executed, did afterproeuring the
arrest of Jefferson I>avis, under and by ^utueof a
pi oclamation, charging him among other things
th a violation of the law of war in the inhuman
treatment of prisoners and in conniving a.t and
encouraging the assassination of Abraham Lincoln,
and otfeiing a reward of $100,000 for his capturc, and
although the complicity of the said l)avis in the said
assassination was found by a military commission
org.uiized at Washington for the tnal of the conspir-
ators against tho life of the said Lincoln, and although
aUo an indictment lor treason was known to be
depending against him in tho District of Columbia,
did. on the — day of , 1867, or about that time,
surrender the said Davis to the civil outhoiities in
Virginia to answei an indictment there a No found
against him for high tren.-on. wUhout making any
return of the fact that he was held hv him to answer
for the oth^r < nines aforesaid, and did allow him to
go attain <i i ua.il taken from him to answer the said
last mentmued indictment, without any di>charge
of the said 3): \is by due process of law from arrest for
the other cmnes for which he was so held and with-
out any claim to hold or detain him to answer there-
for; whereby the said Andrew Johnson, Piesident
as aforesaid, did then and there commit and was
guilty of a highmisdcmcanor.
Article XIII.
That the said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, in Tike contempt of the Constitution
thereof, and forthe purposed' carrying out his policy
of reconstruction by executive authority, nndin pur-
suance of a public declaration made bv him to that
effect in a speech delivered by him at Sr. Louis, has
grossly and willfully abused the appointing power
conferred on him thereby.
. First. In this, that he has removed on system, and
to the great damage of the public service, a large
number of meritorious public ofriceis for no other
reason than because they refused lo e and
support his claim of the right to re /.c ond
restore the rebel States on conditions t.i , and
because they favored the jurisdiction and authority
of Congress in the premises.
Second. In this, that he has, in repeated instances,
and in pursuance of the same object, declined and
refused to make nominations at the next ensuing
session of the Senate incases of offices filled up by him
during the recess, and has continued tho persons by
whom the said offices had been so filled in their pub-
lic employments after the adjournment of that body:
and
. Third. In this,thathehasreappointed,inrepeated
instances, after the adjournment of the'Senate, per-
sons nominated by him to that body and rejected by
it as unfit for the places for which they had been so
nominated:
Whereby the said Andrew Johnson, President as
aforesaid, did then and there commit and was guilty
of a high misdemeanor in ofiice.
Article XIV.
That the said Andrew Johnson, President of tho
United States, in like contempt of the Constitution
and the laws thereof, and of his obligation to see that
the said laws were faithfully executed did, on the —
day of , 1865, and at divers other times, exercise a
dispensing power over the act of Congress of July 2.
1862, proscribing a form of oath to be taken bv all
civil officers before entering upon the performance
of their duties, bj' commissioning revenue officers, as
well as others who were well known by Mm to l a
disqualified to take the said oath by reason of their
participation in the rebellion, in preference to loyal
men, and allowing them to enter upon and exercise
the duties appertaining to their respective offices,
and paying them salaries for their services therein,
and this inpursuance of a deliberate purpose con-
fessed by himself of suspending the execution of tho
said law, because tho same was not in harmony with
bis policy of reconstruction, and in order, as ha
falsely pretended, to give to tho Congress an oppor-
tunity a.t its next, assemblage of revising its poiioy
and making it conform to his own views, although in
point of fact the same was not communicated to Con-
gress until it was drawn from the said Johnson by a
call on the part of the House of Representatives;
whereby the said Andrew Johnson, President as afore-
said, did then and there commit, and was guilty of
a high misdomcanor in office.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania, by unan-
imous consent, was then granted leave to print
in the Globe as part of the debates, his argu-
ment in support of his additional articles of
impeachment. [See Appendix.]
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURN IS, of Illinois. I ask
unanimous consent that an order be made
that the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 818, making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 18419, and for other
purposes, may be considered in the House
as in Committee of the Whole, under the five-
minutes rule for debate pro and con.
No objection being made it was so ordered.
LAND BOUNTIES.
On motion of Mr. JULIAN, a letter of the
Secretary of War, relative to land bounties,
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate insisted upon its amendments
to House bill No. 605, making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing tho SOth of June, 181>V>, disagreed to the
amendments of the House to other amendments
of the Senate, agreed to the conference asked
for by the House on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Morrill of Maine, Mr. Howe, and Mr. Hend-
ricks managers of said conference on its part.
It also announced that the Sen ate liad passed
House biil No. ul-J, to incorporate the Wash-
ington Target-Shooting Association in the Dis-
trit of Columbia, with an amendment, in which
the concurrence of the House v.-as, requested.
It also announced that the Senate had con-
curred in the amendment of the House to the
amendment of the Senate lo House bill No.
86!), to prescribe an oath of office to be taken
by persons from whom legal disabilities shall
have been removed.
It also announced, in conclusion, that the
Senate had passed the foilowingHottse bill and
joint resolutions:
An act (H. li. No. 3CG) to incorporate the
National Hotel Company of Washington city;
A joint resolution (li. K. No. 1-54) relative
to the settlement of the accounts of certain
officers and agents who have disbursed public
