rsea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
rhd *r   .-ls thinyseven of them hare ntw
bern m wrTtt-#.
Mr. WutiD. W itl the gentleman permit
in-' to •«< hin a question.'
Mr I'l hi',. Ye ft well.
>lr. How dor* thf gentleman pro-
po*•* in prevent Ibpsi? vessels. if sold. filially
;<• ng into she possession of European Gov-
ffl' H'Bl'
Mr, IMKH. I have no objection whatever
!o -nr r com; inin ihe p«•«« .•• i.m of Kuropr*n
' i nrm neRts. And from the knowledge which
( ,'tt'Au ri!in««"if has o! tho navies ©t
Gr<a' Hr.ram and Kraii>->\ and frtiui my knowl-
tHi/t* -1: iiW*< ;*!w of irewtels pro;* wed to be wild,
l •>: <• nm the !'n:li'f5t idea (bit nthrr of
«rc *e i i.'*>vrun «nts would part-has* any of
I iem.
Maar ot' these vessels werf created for a
ruai purpose, of ii^ht draft. in: >rvitxl to enter
the >arre<i harbors of the South, and to fx
mn up nwn anil inets whpre there is bat
essot or t-n feet of water. They are very use-
ful for sueh purpose. Bat for the purpose
of naval encasements with the war Teasels of
England anil France, some of them measuring
from BTf ti> eight thou -and tons, no commander
ot the Navy would think of using these smaller
vessel  -
N.>w. I would Mir. in addition to what I hare
already said in rvplv to the suggestion of gen-
keuiMi i>n the other side of the House con-
cerning the wiling of these Teasels by auction,
thai these pen• leinen hue as much confidence
in the Navy 1 'eparunen: a.« I ha*e: and cer-
tainty I have no more con ti deuce in that De-
barment than they have.
liat this measure is guarded br a provision
to secure the judgment of tire naval officers,
m n who w.U investigate this matter aad fix a
fair price upon this property. I do not appre-
•ipn>t '.hut this «a'fl will anoint to more than
e.ght or ten of these smaller vessels. A few,
o  . two, or three, may be sold to Greece,
pemaps, to Italy, or to Pangnay or to Brazil,
so a* to adjust some little differences these
lowers may hare with their neighbors. I bey
have a very hiab opinion of these iron-clads
ami wish to proeore them.
.some of these Governments send their
agent.-* here, who go to the Nary Department
to purchase, should this joint resolution be
pawed into a law the Nary Department can
urbanize a board to fix a price u|>on these ves-
sel* and they can then be sold. Now, for my'
part, with my view of the raise of these res-
*e> , the cost of keeping them, the depreciation
they wiii suffer. 4c.. I would rather tbe Gov-
ernment should be cheated a very handsome
i«erc  n-.a?e than to keep these vessels on hand.
would nuher, after having obtained a fair
vain at .on upon these vessels, discount twenty-
five per cent, and veil them than to keep them.
11 r. MAVNARD. Does this measure con-
template the sale of tbe armament of these
Teste Is?
Mr. PIK E. Not at ail; only the vessels.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I desire to
offer an amendment, which 1 think will meet
tbe approbation of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Pike] and the approbation of the House.
Mr. I'ikE. I wiil hear it read.
Mr. LAWRENCE: of Ohio. I desire to
amend ay adding the following:
W<« «•!  «h*ll He n«r)r to any nation, directly or
twiirfiif. wbkh reewniznd the rebel confederacy
as a be.>«ercnt power dunng Luc rebellion.
Mr. I'iKE. I cannot yield for any amend-
ment of that kind. Wherever we can find •
purchaser 1 would sell. All tbe nations of tbe
world, with one or two honorable exceptions,
were against us. If wearegoing into the mar-
kets of tiie world to sell such vessels as we do
not desire to keep, then let any nation buy
them who can pay for them. I now call the
previoos question,
Mr. MLNGEN. Will the gentleman from
Maine fMr. 1'ike] yield to me?
Mr. PIKE. 1 will yield for a qnestion.
Mr. MUNGEN. I wish to more, if it be in
order, the further postponement of this me&s-
are for one week. Tbere seems to be more in
it than at first sight would appear.
Hie SPEAKER. That motion cannot l>e
rnade if the jirovious question is soeonded.
Mr. I'IKK. I iusi.st on the demand for the
previous question.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ares K'Z, noes 2".; no quorum voting.
The Speaker, un'lor the rule, ordered tellers ;
aiet appointed Messrs. 1'tKn and
The House divided; and tha tellers re-
ported-ayes Cii, noes 8.1.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main ij>ie«ti<>M vv^s ordered: which was
fir-t up >ii the following amendment, offered by
Mr. Si'okih i>:
A M t i thi-irtint-resolution the following:
/'rari /«i, Thai the of all such sales shall
tw paid into tbe Treasury of the United St.ueH.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution as amended was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question being on the passage of the
join resolution,
Mr. PIKE called for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MAVNAltD. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas ami nays were ordered.
The question was taken : and it was decided
in the ailirmative—yeas 6J, nays -9, uot voting
7U; as follows:
YEAS—Hemn. Adams. Archer, Bailey, Baker,
Paldwio, Bevk. Benjamin. Beaton. Biaaham, Blaine,
outwi-H. B iyar. BroomaU. Bueklaad, llurr, Butler.
Ciry. Chanter, Cobarn. Daw<>«, f>ri*r«. EmleMnn,
Kl«trnl?e, Kliot, Farnswortli, Ferriss. liarfiehl, Ueti,
iiUubrennrr. OravHy. Orover. ll:iitjht. Hi*t>y. Hop-
kiiu. Asahei W. Hubbard. Chester 1>. Ilubhard. Inirrr-
«' ll. Jencki-9. .luhnson. Julian. K«>I!ey, Kerr, Kitch-
en, Knott. I,aflin.Marshall, MeCormick.Mcf'ulloufth,
Merrar. Miller, Moore, Moorhrad. Morroli, Morru-
•t'j, Newcomi), Nicuolson, o'XeilU l'aiae, P^rhain,
Peters, Phelp«. Pit.^, Plant?. Poland, PoUley, Prioo,
Prnyn, Ro<«. Sehen'k. S<*ofi ld, Sitsreave*. Spald-
irr, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens. Tha<ldeus >tc-
vens, Srokes, Stone. Taylor. Thoma-s, L'pson, Robert
T. Vnn Horn. Van Trunin. Van Wyek, Wnrd. John
T. Stephen F. Wilson, Windoin, Wood, and
' S oodward—rt*l.
NAV?—Messrs. Arnell, Beaman, Sidney Clarke,
Donnelly, Ilnnlin*. Hawkins, Hotohki's, llun-
t<*r, JodH. Kel«*y, Keteham. Koontz, William Law-
renc<". Loan, Loashndire, Lynch, Maynard, Mo-
Clure. ilnnyen, .\inu. Haum, Shanks. Taber, Trun-
hle. Trowbn teo. Van Arrnain, Elihu B. Washburne,
and \\*<K dhridr '—-.1.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Anderson,
Debts R. Aibley, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Hanks,
B irne«, B.irn'ira, Ulair. Brorawcll, Brooks. Cake,
fhun hilt. Reader W. Hark'-, fook. Cornell, Covode,
l.«iloin, Iiixon. l>od*e, Eekley, Kla, Ferry, Fields,
Finney, Fox. (iolladay, Uriswuld, llalsey. Hill, lloi-
inan. Hooper, Richard D. lluhbard, Hnlbard. Hum-
phrey. Jone«, <>eorire V. Lawrence. Lincoln, Losran,
Mallory, Marvin. McCarthy, Morgan..Mallies.Myers,
Nililack. Urth. Pile, Poaieroy, Kandall, Robertson,
Robin«on, Sawyer,Selye, Sbellabarger,Smith, Stew-
art. Twiehell. Van Auken. BnrtVan Hon,
Cadwaiader C. VVMbburo, Henry I>. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams,
William William", and James F. Wilson—"9.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. I'IKE moved to reconsider the voto by
which the joint resolution was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAVK'QP AB8BWCK.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Ai.i.i' ox for one week.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. MAYNARD asked and obtained lenvc
to withdraw from the files of the House papers
in the case of Samuel A. Graham and cithers.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, asked ami ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House papers in the case of John McChestney.
ORDER OF nt'-IN'K.SS. I
The 8PEAKER. The morning hour not
having expired, reports are still in order from
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
No further reports were presented,
j Th« KPKAKHli. The next committee in
: order is tbe Committee oa Foreign Affairs.
The Chair has been requested by the chairman
of that committee [Mr. Hanks] to state that
the committee was culled together this morning
intormuliy on some important business, and i.s
uuvv engaged in the committee-room upon that
business. As the committee has reports to
make, it will be cnUml to-morrow, if there is 110
objection.
1'here was no objection.
The cull of committees was continued. •
KOUKRT I'VVKRLY AND OTHERS.
'Mr. l'EHIIAM, I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions to move that the
committee he discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of llohert Caverljr
and others, of Lowell, Massachusetts, in ref-
erence to bounties, and that the same he re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Ad'airs.
The motion was agreed to.
john cossollv.
Mr. PERIIAM, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on tho petition of
John Connolly, asking for increase of pension
to fifteen dollars; and the same was laid on
the table.
message from tiir senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Fouvkv, its Secretary, which announced
that that body had passed a bill t\nd joint res-
olution of the following lilies; in which tho
concurrence of the House was asked:
An act l,S. No. I) for tho relief of William
Shnnk : and a
Joint resolution (S. No. 83) for the appoint-
ment of liegentsof tncSmithsonian Institution.
g. ii. kstabroos and others.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported adversely upon tbe
jietition of G. II. Estabrook and others, for n
modification of the pension laws in favor of
orphans, kc. ; and the same was laid on the
table.
INCRBA8B OF PENSION.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
reported Aversely npon the petition of citi-
zens of Stark county, Ohio, tor increase of
pension : and the same was laid on the table.
oregon' indian wait losses.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 2CB, to reimburse
citizens of Wasco, Umatilla, Union, Grant,
and Baker counties, in the State of Oregon,
for losses sustained by Indian depredations,
and moved that it be referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs ; which motion was agreed to.
IIKLEN L. a ASS.
Mr. PERIIAM, from the same committee,
reported back adversely House bill No. 1.13,
for the relief of Helen L. Gass; and tho same
was laid on the table.
! JANE B0T8F0BD.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
reported back the petition of Jane Botsford,
and moved that it be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs; which motion was agreed to.
JOSEril Ji. CLARKE.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
reported adversely upon the petition of Joseph
Ii. Clarke; and the same was laid on the table.
| JKHUSIIA SHARP.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
■ reported back House bill No. 302, for the relief
of Jerushn Sharp, and moved that it be referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
and of the War of 1812; which mr/ion was
agreed to.
} resolutions lying over.
j The SPEAKER stated the next business in
I order was the consideration of resolutions lying
i over under the rule, the first being the follow-
ing, offered by Mr. Newcomb, November 20,
1H07:
Jif.tolved, That the Secretaries of tho Departments
of (state, Treasury, War, Navy, and interior, bo, and
are hereby, directed to report to this House, at their
