246
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 22,
Ho. ot? Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Phelps.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
In section-two of the first article it is declared
that—
" Tho House of Representatives shall have the sole
power of impeachment."
And the third section of the same article
provides that—
"ThoSenate shall have the sole power to try all
impeachments. When sitting for that purpose they
shall be on oath or affirmation. When thePresident
of tho United States is tried tho Chief Justice shall
preside; and no person shall be convicted without
tho concurrence of two thirds of the members pres-
ent."
It also provides that—
"Judgment in caso of impeachment shall not ox-
tend huther than to removal from office and disquali-
fication to hold or enj oy any office of honor, trust, or
profit under the United States; but the party con-
victed shall, nevertheless, be liable and subject to
indictment, trial, j udgmcnt, and punishmcntaecord-
ing to law."
The second section of article two vests in
the President the—
" Power to grant reprieves and pardons for offend-
ers against tho United States, except in eases of im-
peachment."
The fourth section of the second article de-
fines the persons' amenable to impeachment,
and the cases to which that remedy is applica-
ble;
"The President, Yiee President, and all civil offi-
cers of the United States shall be romoved from office
oju impoachmcnt for, and conviction of, treason,
bribery', or other high crimes and misdemeanors."
These are all the provisions in the Constitu-
tion of the United States upon the subject.
They indicate that a resort to impeachment
should be had only for the most grave and
weighty causes, and especially in the case of
the chief executive officer of the Government.
Blackstone, in the fourth volume of his Com-
mentaries, quoting from Hale's Pleas of the
Crown, lays down that—
"An impeachment before the Lords by the Com-
mons of Great Britain is a prosecution of known
established Jaw, and hath been frequently putin
practice,-jboing a presentment to the most high and
supreme court of criminal jurisdiction, by the most
solemn and grand inquest of the whole kingdom."
The power of impeachment is expressly lim-
ited to the cases ot "treason, bribery, orother
high crimes and misdemeanors." No chargc
is preferred against the President other than
(he official act which is by a forced construc-
tion of the tenure-of-office law claimed to be a
" high misdemeanor."
A remarkable fact, and one to which I desire
to call the particular attention of tho House,
is that this new offense of exercising the con-
stitutional power of rcmovalof a Cabinet officer
was actually created by Congress and named by
the unusual and extraordinary term of a " high
misdemeanor," while a movement for the im-
peachment of the President was in progress.
The act was passed on the 2d of March, 1867,
and in the month of January preceding the
impeachment resolutions of the member from
Ohio [Mr. Ashley] had been referred by the
House to the J udiciary Committee, which was
engaged in the investigation while this act was
being passed into a law. Nothing could more
clearly demonstrate the factious character of
the prosecution. A "high misdemeanor" is
manufactured while a proceeding is in progress
the object of which is to impeach the President
of "high crimes and misdemeanors," and that
"high misdemeanor" is nothing more than the
constitutional exercise of an executive power
conceded since the foundation of the Govern-
ment.
The Constitution, in the first section of arti-
cle two, declares that—
"The executive power shall be vested in a Presi-
dent of the United States of America."
_ The second section of the same article pro-
vides that—
"Heshall have power, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two
thirds of the Senators present concur; and he shall
nominate, and by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate shall appoint, embassadors, other
public ministers and consuls, judges of the Supreme
Court, and all other officers of the United States
whose appointments aro not herein otherwise pro-
vided for, and -which shall bo established by law;
but the Congress may by law vest the appointment
of such inferior officers as,they think proper ill the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads
of Departments,
"Before he enters on the execution of his office he
shall take the following oath or affirmation; * I do
solemnly swear Cor affirm) that I will faithfully exe-
cute the office of President of the United States, and
will, to the best of my ability, preserve, protect, and
defend the Constitution of theUnited States.'"—Art.
1, sec. 1.
The third section of the same article requires
that—
"He shall take care that tho laws bo faithfully
executed, and shall commission all tho officers of tho
United States."
Not that lie is to execute some one particu-
lar law, nor that he is to be confined to faith-
fully executing all the laws. He is to "take
care"—that is tlie language—to "take care"
that the laws—all the laws—be faithfully exe-
cuted.
Now, in what way can the President take
care that the laws be faithfully executed, ex-
cept by supervision and control of the agents
he must employ to execute them? Had he
the hundred arms of Briareus he could not
penetrate all the channels of public exigency
which require the interposition of executive
power. He must act through agents; he can
act in no other way. Who are those agents ?
Primarily and chiefly the heads of the various
Departments, among which, for convenience
of public business, the functions of the execu-
tive branch of the Government are distributed.
It is through them he acts; it is from them
he receives information; it is with them, sever-
ally or jointly, that he advises; it is to tliem he
looks to enable him to discharge his constitu-
tional obligation to take care that the laws be
faithfully executed. He, and not Congress,
is responsible for their acts.
How can the President possibly discharge
his exclusive constitutional duty when he has
no confidence in the agents through whose
interposition ho is forced to act—when Con-
gress has undertaken to devolve upon Mr.
Stanton or anybody else tho exclusive duty
of taking care that the laws or any one of
them be faithfully executed? Andyetthatis
just what Congress has endeavored to accom-
plish in this tenure-of-office law, if the con-
struction of it, which I contend against, be
correct, by taking from the President the power
of removal, which has been conceded to the
Executive since 1789, and by making the exer-
cise of that power dependent on the pleasure
of the Senate.
The power of removal is an executive power,
and the whole executive power is vested in the
President. The power of removal is indis-
pensable to full responsibility, and without it
the injunction to take care that the laws be
faithfully executed is a dead letter, and might
as well be erased from the Constitution. The
power of removal, especially of heads of De-
partments, is a power without which confusion
and chaos would sooner or later overtake unity
and efficiency ofadministration; without which,
indeed, there would soon be 110 such thing as
an executive administration possible.
Such considerations as these prevailed in the
First Congress that assembled under our Con-
stitution in 1789, and secured a contempora-
neous exposition of that instrument from Mad-
ison and his associates in that body which has
been recognized by concurrent authority and
uniform practice from that early period down
to the date of the passage of this act. Never,
since the year that the Constitution went into
effect, has it been doubted that the President's
right of removal as to all officers except judges
was absolute, without consent of the Senate,
as a part of his constitutional executive power,
until the tenure-of-office bill became a law over
the President's veto on the 2d March, 18(37.
Here, then, is a case of plain usurpation of
executive power, in clear violation of the or-
ganic law, and in a point vitally touching the
faithful discharge of executive duty. The Pres-
ident is sworn to "preserve, protect, and de-
fend the Constitution." Such is the oath.
Congress cannot- take from it nor superadd to
it. Congress Can pass no dispensing act to
discharge the President, in whole or in part,
from its obligation. It is the President's oath,
and his only. It is neither imposed upon nor
is it allowed to any other officer, executive,
legislative, or judicial. We swear to "sup-
port' ' the Constitution. Senators swear to sup-
port it. Members of State Legislatures swear
to support it. Every other officer, civil or mili-
tary, executive or judicial, State or Federal,
throughout the country, swears to support it.
But, sir, the President of the United States,
and the President alone, is, by the express
command of the Constitution itself, solemnly
sworn, not to support, not to obey, but " to pre-
serve, protect, and defend the Constitution of
the United States."
Mr. Speaker, it is not necessary for the pur-
poses of this argument to claim, 11'or would I
claim, even if it were, that the President has
•judicial power to pass upon the constitution-
ality of an act of Congress as a general propo-
sition. As a general proposition I concede
that his constitutional prerogative is exhausted
with the exercise of the veto power. As a gen-
eral proposition I hold that an act of Congress
constitutionally passed over the President's
veto is bindingnpon him as it is upon the peo-
ple, and becomes, to all intents and purposes, a
law, until annulled by the judicial power.
But, sir, this is no ordinary case. We are
dealingnow with high crimesandwith highmis-
demeanors. We are dealing with a legislative
enactment altogether sui generis, exceptional
in its character, without precedent, without
parallel, and, it is to be hoped, without imita-
tion. The question is not one simply of the
doubtful exercise of undelegated powers. It
is not only whether Congress has undertaken
to assume a legislative power not granted by
the charter. It is not a question of the im-
position of an unequal tax, of a disputed ap-
propriation, of an ex post facto law, of a law
impairing the obligation of contracts, of
tariffs, banks, or internal improvements.
The truth is, Mr. Speaker, that the tenure-
of-oflice act is more than a mere assumption of
power. It is a usurpation of power at the
expense of a coordinate department of the
Government; it is an invasion of the prov-
ince of the Executive ; it establishes a prece-
dent which, if followed, would lead to the
practical abolition of that department. The
abolition of the executive department would
in turn involve the overthrow of the judiciary.
The absorption of the powers of those depart-
ments in Congress would be the end of the
experiment of free government on this conti-
nent. We would have the vilest and the
meanest form of despotism—the tyranny of a
mob of politicians.
What, then, is the President to do ? How is
he to meet the obligation of his oath, his
personal, exclusive oath, to "preserve, pro-
tect, and defend the Constitution? " Is he to
stand tamely passive while the Constitution is
being mutilated and the powers of the Execu-
tive are being one after another stripped and
absorbed by the legislative branch ? If there
is no constitutional, peaceful remedy provided
for the emergency he must do so, or risk the
existence of the nation on an appeal to arms.
Such a peaceful and legal remedy does exist,
and to that remedy he has resorted in the
present case.
By the first and second sections of the third
article of the Constitution " the judicial power
of the United States is vested in one Supreme
Court, &e., and shall extend to all cases inlaw
and equity arising under this Constitution, the
laws of the United States, and treaties." A
tribunal exists competent to decide this question
of conflicting opinion and contested preroga-
tive upon a proper case being made and sub-
mitted to its jurisdiction. Tuat tribunal can-
