3794
THE CONG HESS ION A I, GLOBE.
July 7,
money under the direction of the chief of the
engineers; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 324) to extend
the time for the completion of the West Wis-
consin railroad.
WAJilillOUSING SYSTEM, ETC.
Mr. MORRELL, from the Committee on
Manufactures, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1309) to modify the warehousing system, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time.
The first section of the bill provides that
upon the entry of any goods, wares, or mer-
chandise for warehousing, the owner, importer,
consignee, or agent of such goods, wares, or
merchandise shall make a declaration in writ-
ing, verified by oath or affirmation, stating the
kind, description, and quantity of goods,
wares, or merchandise entered ; also signify-
ing whether such goods, wares, or merchandise
are entered for consumption or exportation,
and such declaration shall be obligatory upon
the party entering such goods.
The second section provides that upon the
withdrawal of any goods, wares, or merchan-
dise for consumption there shall be paid by
the owner, importer, consignee, or agent of
such goods, wares, or merchandise, in addi-
tion to the proper duties and charges, inter-
est, at the rate of six per cent, per annum,
upon the whole amount of the duties upon
such goods, wares, or merchandise, from and
after sixty days subsequent to the time of the
entry of such goods for warehousing until the
withdrawal of the same forconsumption. Such
interest to be paid in the same denomination
as duties are payable.
The third scction authorizes and directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to make such rules
and regulations, not inconsistent with law, as
may be necessary to carry into effect this act;
and he is further authorized and instructed to
cause to be published a monthly schedule or
statement of all goods, wares, or merchandise
entered for warehousing, and on hand at the
end of each month, stating names of owner,
importer, consignee, or agent making entry ;
also the kind and quantity of goods, wares, or
merchandise so entered, and whether for con-
sumption or exportation.
The fourth and last section provides that so
much of all laws as are inconsistent with the
provisions of this act be, and they are hereby,
repealed.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to a point of order,
f understand this to be a bill increasing the
duties on imports, and therefore it ought to go
to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRELL. I do not so understand it.
Mr. ALLISON. The second section pro-
vides for a rate of interest that shall be paid
in coin, thus increasing the present duty on
imported goods.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. This does not seem to be an
increase of the rate of tariff on any article
whatever, for the reason that any person who
does not see fit to warehouse his goods can
receive them at the custom-house at exactly
the rates now prescribed by law ; but if they
do not go to the custom-house, then six per
ccnt. duty is to be collected. The Chair does
not, think this is an increase of the tariff, be-
cause it does not compel anybody to ware-
house his goods.
Mr. MORRELL. Mr. Speaker, I do not'
propose to discuss the merits of this bill at
length. The committee in a report, now in
the hands of members, have presented the
facts and argument which, in their judgment,
should insure for it the favorable action of
this House. It is certainly the highest duty
of a Government which derives all its powers
directly from the people, not only to give pro-
tection to person and property, but to guard
all the rights and interests of the citizens, to
protect him in his labor and in the rewards
of his labor. The warehousing system has
from its very inception and introduction here
been fraught with evil to the country. It is
and has been in direct hostility to American
interests, and the friend and ally of our com-
mercial and industrial rivals and enemies. It
has been the means of forcing upon our mar-
kets hundreds, and I might say thousands, of
millions of dollars worth of foreign wares,
which could have been better produced here,
and the importation of which diminished to
the extent of their cost in labor the produc-
tion of our own people, while taking from
their decreased earnings the money with which
they had to be paid.
It is believed that the facts presented in the
i-eport of the committee demonstrate that the
entire abolishment of the system would not
injure or diminish our commerce with coun-
tries between which and ourselves the trade
is reciprocal, and would only affect, trade with
manufacturing nations whose consumption of
our breadstuffs and other articles of export
depends solely on our ability to compete for
their custom with the cheap labor products of
agricultural Europe. The committee have
not, however, thought it wise to recommend
our entire abrogation of the system at this time,
and have reported a bill which will coi'rect
some of its evils, and prepare the way for fur-
ther modification, or eventual repeal by future
legislation, without serious disturbance to the
commercial interests of the country. The
operations of the bill will be prospective and
gradual; it proposes no violent change, and
can harm no one except the foreigner who has
found in our bonded warehouses an asylum
and ambush from which to attack and destroy
rival producers in this country.
The first section of the bill provides that the
importer or owner of all goods entered for
warehousing shall declare upon their entry
whether they are intended for exportation or
consumption and shall abide by that declara-
tion. With upwards of forty million dollars
worth of foreign goods constantly impending
over our markets the business communities
have no present means of ascertaining what
portion of this crushing weight may bo expected
to fall, and can make no reliable calculations
in regard to the regular trade supply aud de-
mand. Under the provisions of this section
the American importing merchant who orders
goods for his own sales and pays the duty on
their arrival will be protected, and the manu-
facturer will be enabled at all times to know
what amount of competing wares is likely to
come upon the markets, and can make his
calculations and govern his business accord-
ingly. The second section provides that, in
addition to the duties and charges, interest
shall be paid upon the duties of all goods en-
tered for consumption from the date of entry
until their withdrawal. The other sections
only provide for carrying the act into effect.
The average amount ol goods in warehouse
during the past year has been about forty-three
million dollars, representing over twenty mil-
lion dollars of unpaid duties.
This sum may be considered in the light of
a bonus to the foreigner, to enable him more
effectually to crush the American merchant
and manufacturer.
The regular importer and domestic manu-
facturer have to pay the full cost of their wares
before they can be placed on the market, while
the foreigner, by the aid of our warehousing
system, can, through his broker or agent, put
his goods on sale by sample while in Govern-
ment stores, and pay the duty (which is shown
to represent about one thirdof theirfree value)
from the proceeds of such sale. As most for-
eign manufactures which go into warehouses
are sent here by foreign owners to be sold by
agents or commission men, the business in all
its magnitude and destructive consequences to
legitimate trade and production requires and
involves very little invested capital in this
country, the only actual cash required being
loaned by the Government without interest.
It is incredible that, for more than twenty
years, a system has been permitted to stand
almost unchallenged, which thus supplies to
foreigners a capital of from twenty to twenty-
five million dollars in gold, the greater part of
which is used to prostrate our own industry.
The bill proposes, instead of allowing t.he
foreign importer the free use of this large
capital, as heretofore, that he shall pay sim-
ple interest for the use of it; and if this pro-
vision does not operate to diminish the amount
of warehoused goods, the Treasury will be
benefited to the extent of a million and a
quarter to a million and a half dollars per
annum, and our home industry relieved from
just that amount of taxation. If it should
operate to diminish imports of foreign com-
peting manufactures we shall have less to pay
abroad, and a better market for home prod-
ucts, and more constant employment for our
own people. It is the opinion of the com-
mittee, and so expressed in the report, " that
this boon to foreign commerce was obtained
collusively and given unwittingly. When the
warehousing laws were passed, Congress could
not have conceived that their effect would be
to furnish gratuitously a capital of over twenty
million dollars to foreign exporters. The bold
proposition to give $1,500,000 annually to alien
interests could not have been entertained a
moment. The necessities of the Government,
arid the present stern demands of the people
for the most rigid economy, require that this
thoughtless and unwise concession should be
revoked."
It will, perhaps, be charged that the purpose
of this bill is to diminish imports. I admit the
charge and defend the purpose. We want less
of the products of foreign labor and more con-
stant employment for our own. We want to
bring the aggregate of our imports below the
sum of our exports. We have sent abroad
during the eleven months of the fiscal year up
to May 31, $64,486,258 in gold, besides a
shipment, probably, of twice that amount in
the interest-bearing bonds of the Government,
States, and corporations, in the settlement of
trade balances.
I do not know of the exact shipments of gold
for June, but from unofficial reports judge it
will be as heavy as in May, when it reached
the enormous amount of $10,608,712, or an
aggregate of over seventy five million dollars
for the fiscal year ending June 30. The entire
estimated annual production of the precious
metals in the United States and Territories is
thus swept away, while we are still adding to
our foreign indebtedness at the rate of perhaps
ยง200,000,000 per annum.
We are constantly talking of a return to
specie payments; and there is scarcely a mem-
ber of this House who has not presented a
plan to accomplish that desired end, and yet
the price of gold continues to advance, and
rules higher now than three years ago.
The necessities of the country demand some
practical legislation in the interests of our own
people, and especially such legislation as will
tend to check over importations, employ our
own labor, and prepare the way to a safe
return to specie values. In the absence of a
thorough revision of the revenue laws looking
to greater protection and the suppression of
frauds on the Government, the passage of this
simple and brief bill will do some good, and I
trust there will be no opposition to it.
I now yield to my colleague, [Mr. Cake.]
Mr. CAKE. Mr. Speaker, as a temporary
measure the recommendation of the Commit-
tee on Manufactures in relation to the ware-
housing system is just and proper ; but in the
interest of the manufacturers and producers
of this country the practice of finding free
storage room for importations that may or may
not remain in the country and pay the duty
ought to be discontinued. Until this can be
done, in addition to interest upon the unpaid
duty, the foreign article should be made to
pay the same warehouse charges that the
American production encounters while await-
ing transportation or a market.
As a partial measure of justice to the labor
of this country the proposition should encoun-
ter no opposition ; all the more promptly should
this suggestion be acted upon because, the
