2770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JuM'2,
reachjhe general provisions of the bill i will
consent to let it go over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not object to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that rather an
extraordinary amendment, and I should like to
hear some explanation of it. It would seem
to me that the school-houses which have been
constructed at the public expense ought to
remain public buildings permanently for the
purposes for which they were constructed. If
they were constructed as school-houses for the
colored children then they should remain pub-
lic buildings for that purpose. It would seem
to me that some provision declaring them pub-
lic buildings for such purpose would be better
than a bill to sell them ; but I suppose the
committee have considered that, and I would
like to hear the reasons. Who are to become
purchasers? What societies or organizations
are referred to in this section ? How perma-
nent are these organizations? Into whateharge
aud under what control will these buildings
fall? These are some of the questions that it
seems to me the Senate ought to be informed
upon.
Mr. WILSON. Most of these buildings have
been erected by the bureau, or the bureau has
aided in their erection, and they are occupied, to
a great extent, by schools, supported in part by
associations aud societies, and by contributions
raised in the loyal portions of the country. A
great part of the educational establishment in
the southern sectiouof the country is supported
by these contributions. There arc now about
thirty-seven hundred freedmen's schools in all
supported in this way and about two hundred
and forty thousand scholars. There are some
two or three hundred—I cannot tell the exact
number—buildings that have been erected by
the bureau. Theobjeetistoallowthecommis-
sioner to work out of this system. We propose
to extend the bureau one year, and during that
year to work out, as far as we can, from all
connection with education or anything else that
concerns the local affairs of the States. The
object is to sell the school-houses that have
been erected to these societies and associations
or persons interested in education and who are
teaching schools in them, and to put the money
into support of the bureau, and finally into the
Treasury if it is not used for that purpose.
Then there are some buildings which have
been erected out of property of the Govern-
ment purchased at clicap rates. Some have
been erected in this city ; some may lie seen
south of the Capitol, erected out of barracks
pnrchasad at sales of Government property at
cheap rates. It is proposed to sell thesebuild-
ings for cash, or to sell them on credit, and
secured so that they will go into the hands of
the persons who occupy them and who can pay
for them. It is believed by the commissioner
that by this system the Government can work
out of the expense incurred, and little loss will
accrue to any one, and great benefit to the
cause of education and relief to those persons
who occupy and desire to purchase the build-
ings that have been so erected.
1 have no doubt that the adoption of this
amendment will enable the bureau to work
itself out of these expenditures with very little
if any los? of the cost of the buildings that-
have been erected. Those which are school-
houses will be used for the purposes of educa-
tion, and those that are rented out, as they are
mostly, will be used as they are now used, and
a little credit given to those persons will en-
able tbein to purchase them rather than throw
them into the hands of capitalists who will turn
these people out of employment and tear down
the buildings. They are mostly cheap build-
ings and cost very little.
I hope the amendment will be adopted. Gen-
eraL Howard is exceedingly anxious that it
shall be adopted. He believes it will be, of
great benefit to adopt it in this form. The
money derived from it it is provided shall go
into the Treasury.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall vote on the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomg-
roy in the chair.) This motion cannot be
debated.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. YATES. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 357.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
bill before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. 1 hope we shall take a vote
on the amendment.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the ameudment of the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. Now the bill may go over,
Mr. YATES. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 357.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I would like to
know what that is.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
bill before the Senate. Does the Senator move
to postpone it?
Mr. YATES. Yes, sir; I move to postpone
it, and take up the bill for the establishment of
a territorial government for Wyoming.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois moves that the further consider-
ation of the bill before the Senate be postponed
till to-morrow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I dislike to in-
terlere with the Senator from Illinois; but I
desire to suggest to the Senate that a bill was
reported from the Committee on Appropria-
tions yesterday to supply certain deficiencies,
among which is an item for expenses in the
collection of the revenue, which has lain a
long time in the other House, and about which
there is the most exigent necessity that it should
pass immediately. I trust my friend from Illi-
nois will allow me to call up that bill. It will
not occupy much time.
Mr. YATES. This bill will only occupy a
few moments, and it is important that it should
be passed now. The Committee on Territo-
ries have had no part of the attention of the
Senate at this session. The committee is unan-
imous in regard to this bill, and I think there
will bo no objection to its passage.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senate will
's,ec, I think, that the bill to which I ask their
attention is of very pressing necessity, and it
occurs to me that the other matter may well go
over until to-morrow. I do not think this bill
will occupy more than twenty minutes of the
time of-the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on postponing the further consideration
of the bill to eontiuue the Freedmen's Bureau
until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
deficiencies in appropriations.
Mr. YATES. I now move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 357, to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Wyoming.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Oil that ques-
tion I feel called upon to make a statement to
the Senate. The bill which I wish to have con-
sidered is one that has lain in the House since
March.
Mr. YATES. I will consent to the Sena-
tor's suggestion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move, then,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of House bill No. 1117.
Mr. YATES. Let the territorial bill be taken
up first, and then it can be passed by informally.
Mr. NYE. I hope that will be done.
Mr. CONNBSS. That is taking a lien on
the Senate.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Illinois to take up Senate bill No. ?57.
The motion was" agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate and will be read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The understand4
ing was that that bill was to be laid aside
informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
laid aside informally if there be no ojsjgction.
The Chair hears none.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine^l move that,
the Senate proceed to thj/<!onsideration of
House bill No. 1117.
The motion was agree€ to; and the Senate,
as in ComXittee of thfe Whole, proceeded to
consider theS^iH (ELr R. No. 1117) to supply
partial deficictfties/n the appropriations for
the service of Ihjr fiscal year ending on the
30th June, 1868. The bill proposes to appro-
priate the following sums : to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations Tor the fiscal year
ending on the 30th of June,-1868, namely: fo*
compensation of the officers, clerks, messen-
gers, and others, receiving an annual salary in
the service of the House of Representatives,
$12,900; for folding documents, including
materials, $25,000; for miscellaneous items,
$10,000; to supply a deficiency in the appro-
priation for the expenses of collecting the rev-
enue from customs, for the half year ending
June30, 1868, $1,800,000; to facilitate the pay-
ment of soldiers' bounties in accordance with
provisions of acts of July 28, I860, and March
19,1868, for salaries of fifty clerks of class one,
St>0,000; to supply a deficiency in the office of
the Paymaster General for blank books, station-
ery, binding, and Other contingent expenses,
$5,000.
The Committee on Appropriations reported
several amendments to the bill. The first
amendment was to add at the end of the bill
the following:
For deficiency in the appropriation for defraying
the expense of hydration of the Senato Chamber,
$3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The,next amendment was to insert at ths
end of the bill the following:
For deficiency in i.he appropriation for stationery,
$10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of the bill the following:
For deficiency in the appropriation for furnitura
and repairs, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of the bill the following :
For deficiency in the appropriation for clerks to
committees, pages, horses and carryalls, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That com-
pletes the amendments reported by the com-
mittee. The bill is still open to amendment.
Mr. HOWE. There is a clause m this bill
with which I am not at all satisfied.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator propose an amendment?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir. I move to strike out
lines fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, and eighteen,
in these words:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
the expenses of collecting the revenue from customs*
for the half year ending Juno 30,186S, $1,800,000.
I have but a few words to say about the
amendment, simply because I do not know
much about it, and I think I must be excused
for not knowing much about.it, for the Treasury
Department, from which this recommendation
comes, seem to know just as little as I do.
1 hey tell us that in 1858 there was an appropria-
tion made to defray the expenses of collect-
ing this revenue, an annual appropriation of
$3,600,000. Thatsum, itseeins, sufficed to pay
these expenditures up to 186(5. In 1866 Con-
gress increased the appropriation to $4,^00,000,
it I remember the sum aright, and I think I do,
and added to that sum whatever was received
from fines and penalties in the administration
of the customs laws. That act passed in May,
1866. Now we are told that the Department
has added to the sum appropriated by law during
the last year, which is $4,200,000, with fines
