1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8795
tariff and the tax bills are probably to go over
to December.
The importer, whether foreign or American,
can complain of no injustice in this provision ;
for as American manufacturers cannot go into
these national warehouses for free storage the
system is a direct discrimination against them.
A further and a move injurious discrimination
against the American manufacturer is found
in the fact that it requires more capital to carry
the American than the foreign competing arti-
cle. The foreign article is produced by the
half-paid, or, if you please, the pauper labor
of Europe. Our goods, costing the same in
hours and days to produce, cost double, in
most cases, ill money, for the reason that our
labor is comparatively well paid. On the Con-
tinent wages are much lower than in Great
Britain. Hon. John W. Forney, in his "Let-
ters from Europe," gives the figures running
through all the trades. I make free use of the
valuable information he furnishes. A carefully
prepared newspaper article contrasts the wages
paiii in Belgium and New York:
" Tho present pay of mechanics in Belsciutn will be
found compared with that of the New York artisans
in tuc following table:
Belgium. New York.
Bakers  27®5i cents per day. $2 00
Tailors  51ft)80 cents per day. 3 00
Masons  2(@67 cents per day. 4 50
Bookbinders  54@80 cents per day. 2 50
Coppersmiths $1 00 per day. S 50
Coolers  40@67 cents per day. 4 50
"The difference in tlie cost of living in the two
countiies is not so sreatasis commonly represented.
Tile luxuries of lite are much higher here, but for
actual necessaries the prices are about the same."
In Germany farm laborers are paid thirty-two
cents a day for men and sixteen cents for women
during the harvest season. They work twelve
hours, with one hour rest at midday. Their
dress and food are of the coarsest description.
Two pounds of black rye bread, one quarter
of a pound of cheese, and half a pint of potato
whisky, or its equivalent in witie or beer, form
their diet. Three times a week they are allowed
half a pound of meat. Mechanics receive from
forty-eight to fifty-four cents per day. Meat
costs from ten to fourteen cents a pound; flour,
eleven cents a pound ; and potatoes seventy
cents for two hundred pounds. The price of
labor has only risen two percent, in ten years.
Tho greatest burden, however, is the heavy
taxes laid upon every class. These taxes fall
heaviest upon the working classes and lightest
upon the rich. Ministers, teachers, and Gov-
ernment officers pay nothing, and labor and
industry bear the whole burden. In Prussia
the laws are more equitable, but all persons are
taxed at least three per cent, on their incomes,
while a workman without property pays annu-
ally thirty-four cents or aboutone day'swage1*.
The condition of Irish laborers hardly needs
description. Labor is a mere drug throughout
Ireland, and is usually of the poorest kind.
Wages are fearfully low—for men, on the aver-
age, one shilling a day ; for women sixpence;
and for children fourpence, ornothing. Skilled
workmen receive less than ten shillingsaweek,
about three dollars of our motley. The houses,
dress, and food of the majority are of the most
wretched description.
By this is seen at a glance the difference in
tlie cost of production, and how generous we
are to the foreign manufacturer when we put
up for him a fire-proof warehouse in which to
store his goods produced at starvation wages,
while we exclude our own manufactures from
such benefits, although they are produced at
rates of wages always at the highest point
warranted by the market.
The difference in the cost of production is
never made up by the tariff. The tariff is
intended to, but rarely ever represents the full
difference paid to mechanics and laborers in
America and Europe. The whole cost ol the
American article is borne at once, while the
foreign competitor is enabled to put his goods
into competition at the mere foreign cost of
production, the duty only being required to be
paid at the moment of sale and removal from
the bonded warehouse. The question involves
the free discussion of the tariff and the tax bills.
Not only as a simple duty, but because it
accords with my own conviction of right and
justice to the laboring classes do I most earn-
estly protest against the postponement of the
subject of protection as involved in that of the
tariff. There is now no more important subject
before the American people ; and. whether my
remarks be considered in season or out of
season, I have no apology to offer for obtrud-
ing them upon the House at this time. My
own position was taken upon this question at
a very early period, and as I study it in all its
bearings ana inform myself more completely
in regard to its importance, as my means and
opportunities are from year to year enlarged,
my early convictions are strengthened, and I
am confirmed in the opinion that in no other
way can Congress so well serve the mechanic
and laborer and at the same time contribute so
much to the wealth and greatness of our coun-
try as by vouchsafing complete protection to
our skill, our land, and our labor.
The postponement of the tax bill, from which
something of relief had been hoped, leaves the
question in all its bearing to the future.
Sir, so full of anxiety am I upon this sub-
ject that I am willing to unite my political
fortunes with any party honestly making the
advocacy of American labor its leading prin-
ciple. This is not said in any demagogical
spirit. The business of my district depends
so much upon what is done here, and upon the
activity of tlie business of my district depends
so much of my own comfort, that I may be open
to the charge of pleading under the spur of
private interest, though (tod knows 1 would
willingly sacrifice myself if I could sot this mat-
ter right for many suffering, breaking hearts at
home.
The shifting policy of this Government upon
the subject of the tariff produces all the fluctu-
ations that disturb our domestic industries. A
state of affairs that stimulates tlie production
of our staples is followed by legislation tend-
ing to cripple our manufactures, and the vig-
orous arm of the mechanic and laborer is par-
alyzed. If the tariff of 1812 had been let alone
this nation, instead of numbering less than
forty would have numbered over fifty million
of souls to day; and the district I represent,
instead of less than two hundred thousand
could have boasted over half a million. Its
latent wealth is equal to the employment of
over a million of men. In behalf of the thou-
sands who are there now, and idle half tho
time, I propose to speak this day; and if what
I have to say is to have no effect, my efforts
shall not therefore be spared hereafter. But
I shall continue to caution the friends of pro-
tection in Congress to work together, and to
withhold their aid from other projects whose
friends, favoring piecemeal legislation, are
always ready to take a little off here and a
little off there until we shall have our tariff cut
and carved down to the destructive law of 18-tlS,
not the least objectionable feature of which
was the warehousing system now under dis-
cussion.
Sir, I am not unmindful of the efforts of the
advocates of labor here. When I study their
speeches I am amazed that all are not con-
vinced and thatany differenecof opinion should
exist as to the true policy of the Government.
My colleague, [Mr. Kelijey,] Representative
of the fourth congressional district of Pennsyl-
vania, and by virtue of the variety and value of
his services here, representative and advocate ol
the whole Commonwealth, has on many occa-
sions presented to the House the wants and
claims of American labor and enterprise in a
manner and with an effect that might well dis-
pense with any service which I can hope to
render to those interests. My other colleague,
[Mr. Morrell,] to whose courtesy I am in-
debted for the floor, has also found opportuni-
ties for giving us the results of an unusually
largo experience in departments of productive
industry, which involve a practical acquaint-
ance with the whole range of industries that
interlock m that central one which he has long
and successfully conducted. Nor have there
ever been lacking other educated representa-
tives of Pennsylvania; gentlemen qualified both
by study and practice in all the varieties of
business interests which give to the State arep-
resentative character among the sister States
of the Union, who, each in his own speciality,
and all together, might well be trusted to fill
up the circle of representative duty here and
suffer no incompleteness by the lack of any
contribution from me. Indeed, 1 would gladly
escape the unequal trial of this general service,
but there are reasons why my mite should be
thrown in with their abundance—considera-
tions which constrain me and amply justify my
attempt to reenforce them, even by pressing to
the front, though I may not claim equal rank
among my peers in the performance of a duty
charged alike by our respective constituencies
upon us all.
The attention of Congress has been so long
and so closely held to tho consideration of
questions either purely political or so remotely
connected with the economic exigencies of the
times that it will require some effort to secure
the tone of mind and direction of thought de-
manded by the subjects involved in the great
labor question pressing upon us now for a
wise and happy solution.
We have a tariff of import duties to arrange
in conformity with the sound principles and
policy of international trade, the details of
which, difficult enough in themselves, are be-
sides greatly complicated by a necessary ad-
justment to the onerous system of internal
duties which our national debt and current
expenditure imposes upon our productive in-
dustry. In no circumstances, indeed, can a
sound system of foreign trade be established
without regard to domestic industry, for the
prosperity of a country, even if entirely free from
national debt, and tho resulting burdens upon
its industries, needs some protection, some
guardianship, some general policy; aye, some
favoring and fostering care; for, if every me-
chanic and every merchant must consider his
business relations and rivalries, or the demand
and supply of his neighborhood, much more
must a nation shape its industrial policy to the
state and requirements of its home demand
and supplies, and to the foreign interferences
with its own capabilities and opportunities.
It is conceded that labor is the primary
source of all wealth; wealth being nothing else
in its broadest and deepest meaning than ''tlie
measure of man's power over nature ; " power
over nature, for man finds the earth and all its
agencies in resistance to his dominion, and
hence the significance of the original command
given to the representative of the race, '■ to sub-
due the earth." This is the-mission and com-
mission appointed and enjoined; and labor, in.
its widest meaning, labor of muscle and mind,
labor natural and artificial, the work of human
hands, and the help of natural forcessubdued to
human service; labor of everykiud which nuui
commands is the agent by which the dominion
of the eaith is achieved, and this dominion is
wealth. The wealth, or, in other words, tho
welfare of a nation, aribingthus out of its labor,
that labor must be the primary and principal
care of human societies if they would not aban-
don their fortunes to chance or to the control
of adverse interests and warring policies : and
if there be any such opposition of interests
among nations as exists everywhere among
.individuals'. Governments, like private men,
must consider and provide against them. Out
of this dependence upon the prosperity of labor
and its national competitions arise the necessity
and the justification of defense, protection, and
earnest guardianship. Householders look their
doors against intruders, and if they admit a
stranger to the business of their domestic con-
cerns it is under the restraint of their own
authority. Farmers build fences to protect
their fields from stray cattle, and Governments
construct forts and navies for the defense ol
their territories against invasion, and all men
record their tide papers for the security of their
rights of propeity, Thus defensive .means and
measures are so far from being uncommon or
