884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7i
TAX ON DISTILLED SPIRITS
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the permission of
the House to report from the Committee of
Ways and Means a little bill, which will be com-
prt'hended at once by every gentleman here. It
is a bill to prevent frauds in the collection of
the tax on distilled spirits. It is in advance
of the general action of the committee on the
subject of the revenue laws, and arises out of
our conviction that this is a point upon which
immediate action is required by the best inter-
ests of the country. I will ask to have the
bill read, aud then, if the House will entertain
it at this time, I will make a short explanation
and submit it to the House.
The bill was read. It provides that from
and after its passage no distilled spirits in bond
shall be withdrawn or removed from any ware-
house for the purpose of transportation, redis-
tillation, rectification, change of package, ex-
portation, or for any other purpose whatever,
until the full tax on such spirits shall have
been duly paid, and repeals all acts and parts
of acts inconsistent with its provisions.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R. No.
369) to prevent frauds in the collection of the
tax on distilled spirits was received and read
a first and second time.
_Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, this bill
virtually does away with the bonded-ware-
house system. It will be observed that it pro-
vides that no distilled spirits in bond shall be
withdrawn for any purpose whatever from a
bonded warehouse without the tax being pre-
viously paid. The effect of this will be, in the
first place, to release legitimately, if ever at
all, the distilled spirits now in the bonded
warehouses of'the United States. We ascer-
tain that there are about four hundred thou-
sand barrels, amounting to twenty million
gallons, thus locked up. Upon these twenty
million gallons the legitimate tax would be
$40,000,000. Therefore there are $40,000,000
waiting to be paid, which may or may not be
paid, dependent upon the removal ef this
whisky from the bonded warehouse.
The effect of this bill if passed into a law
will be this: the bonded-warehouse system will
run itself out; to use a familiar illustration,
it will "go dry" upon the removal of the suc-
cessive lots of whisky and the payment of the
tax upon them.
Then there is another class of warehouse,
known as "warehouse A," at the distillery.
Into this " warehouse A" goes the whisky
directly from the still, and there it is accounted
for for taxation. And if this bill be passed no
whisky can hereafter be taken from this deposit
at the distillery without previous payment of
the tax. Thus no whisky from any source can
possibly go upon the market until it is entitled
to be fully regarded as free or tax-paid whisky.
Now, one word as to the causes which have
led the committee to propose this remedy, this
reform in the law, at this particular time, and
in advance of their general action and report
upon the subject of the internal revenue law.
We find that a very large proportion of the rev-
enues of this country ought to-De obtained from
distilled spirits. We find that the quantity of
distilled spirits produced in the United States
is variously estimated. Distillers, who wantthe
tax reduced to twenty-five cents pergallon, say
there are one hundred and fifteen million gal-
lons annually produced in this country. Others,
reasoning from data and information which
seem to be reliable, suppose that from eighty
to one hundred million gallons is the probable
amount of production. The Special Commis-
sioner of Revenue, upon data satisfactory to
him, is satisfied that there is not more than fifty
million gallons subject to taxation produced at
this time.
It is known that prior to the late war about
one hundred million gallons were produced.
A very large proportion of that amount was
used in the arts, and especially for the manu-
facture of the various burning fluids. But now
petroleum supplies the basis from which those
articles are made, and to a great extent the
use of distilled spirits for that purpose is done
away with.
On the other hand, we are satisfied that the
production of whisky for consumption by drink-
ing has increased since the commencement of
the war, and since the tax was placed upon it.
However, put the production at the lowest
estimated amount, fifty million gallons ; at
two dollars per gallon it should yield a revenue
of $100,000,000. During the^ears 1860 and
1867 we received from this source a little short
of thirty million dollars each year ; about
twenty-three million dollars during the past
year. During that time the receipts have been
running down, until it is perhaps fair to esti-
mate that we do not now receive more than
one tenth part of the revenue which we ought
to receive from the tax on distilled spirits
manufactured in this country.
The cause of this is that under the present
law such enormous frauds have been commit-
ted it must be admitted on all hands the law
as at present sought to be enforced is a failure.
The first reason of this, of which we have
abundant proof before our committee, is the
want of integrity, character, and honesty in
the various subordinate agents of the Govern-
ment scattered throughout the country who
are chargcd with the collection of the revenues.
I have become perfectly satisfied, from a long
investigation, now continued for many weeks,
j that there is no fraud committed in connection
; with the collection of the tax upon distilled
spirits that amounts to anything which would
materially affect th&-revenue in any instance,
except it be done with the connivance of some
official, except it be by collusion between him
and the party interested in the fraud. The
reason is this: instead of men being selected
because of their character, capacity, and fitness
from their intelligence and knowledge for the
places which they are called upon to fill as
inspectors, or in any other of these subordinate
capacities, they are selected for other causes,
upon recommendations based upon other rea-
sons in too many cases. Of course there are
many honest and worthy exceptions. I speak,
however, of these agents of the law in the
aggregate.
But how can these frauds be committed even
with the aid of dishonest officers? We find,
j upon an investigation commenced and con-
| ducted for some time by the committee gener-
i ally, and afterward pursued by a sub-commit-
tee during the recent holiday vacation, that the
most of these fraudulent practices—although
they are multifarious in their character, although
crime and wrong in this respect are hydra-
headed, and ingenious, too, almost beyond the
imagination of any man—the most of the prac-
tices of this character may be summed up in
t?ro classes.
I refer, in the first place, to the means which
are practiced, to remove distilled spirits clan-
destinely between the time when they pass
through the worm of the distillery and the
time, within a few hours afterward, when they
should be deposited in what is called "ware-
house A," being the warehouse at the dis-
tillery, where they are to be regularly ac-
counted for with a view to taxation. This is
done by removing the spiritg in the night; by
having duplicate keys to the receiving-room
containing the cistern ; by hiring the inspect-
ors to be conveniently blind or unnecessarily
absent when these things are carried on by
those interested in committing the wrong.
The committee is busy in the investigation of
means to meet and counteract this class of
PS^ctices by which the Government is de-
frauded of its revenues.
But there is another very large and various
class of frauds committed under the opportu-
nities afforded by this bonded-warehouse sys-
tem ; and they are so excessive, so general,
and affect so materially the revenues of the
country that when we became satisfied that in
this particular at least the law ought to be at
once amended I was instructed by the com-
mittee to report immediately a bill to correct
the evil to this extent, in anticipation of the
| general report which we hope to make within
a few weeks, and which will cover all mattera
connected with the internal revenue system.
Now, sir, these frauds have extended so far
that they have practically resulted in prevent-
ing any legitimate distillation, or rather any
distillation by honest men. We make a dis-
tinction between what is called "illegitimate
distillation" and "illicit distillation." There
are illicit establishments upon a small scale
scattered throughout the country producing
whisky, the production of which is not intended
to be known to the officers of the law; but
even the aggregate production in that manner
does not, we think, very materially affect the
revenues of the country. The distillation ap-
parently legitimate, under license, at known
establishments, where the officers of the law
are, produce the whisky which pays in so great
a proportion no tax to the Government that
the price of whisky is brought down to a point
below that at which anybody paying tax regu-
larly can compete in the production. And one
of the means by which this is done is taking
advantage of this bonded-warehouse system.
Now, when whisky is removed from bonded
warehouse A, the warehouse at the distillery,
it is removed from that point under a trans-
portation bond to be reported to the collector
in some district at a distance—perhaps in one
of the cities—and there accounted for. Does
it always get there? Very often it does not.
Take a case (which I think will be established
by proof as having recently occurred) in illus-
tration of many similar cases, to show how,
under these transportation bonds, frauds are
committed.
A quantity of whisky—some eight hundred
barrels—is started from a western town to the
city of New York. It is shipped by rail upon
the day after the first notice is given and a
permit obtained for its shipment. It is discov-
ered that while it will take that whisky four,
five, or six days, or more, at the very least, to
reach the city of New York, certificates are
produced that the whisky has been at the
proper warehouse in New York at a time when
; it was physically impossible it should have
reached there. Aa few days afterward the
warehouse is burned down. It is subsequently
discovered that the whisky supposed to have
been in that warehouse and destroyed with the
other property there in bond never went to
New York at all, but was switched off into
Canada, passing by the Grand Trunk railroad,
subsequently reaching Portland, and thence
: coming by sea to New York, where it was
clandestinely put uppn the market as "free
, whisky;" meaning whisky which has paid
the tax. How is such a thing accomplished?
' By the fraud of the officers of the law who give
false certificates. When, however, it was sub-
sequently discovered that thte whisky, which,
after going upon its travels, reappeared as
"free whisky," had in the meantime paid no
tax whatever, charges of fraud were made
against the shippers. The investigation which
has grown out of this transaction may or may
not show fraud upon the part of the shippers;
it may or may not show that the collector of
| internal revenue at New York was cognizant of
: that which his subordinates, the keepers of the
I warehouse} did; but I believe it is unquestion-
j able that in the case to which I ana .referring
by way of illustration there was a pretense of
sending whisky to a warehouse under a bond
of transportation, while that whisky never
reached the warehouse at all.
This is one way in which, when withdrawn
for the purpose of transportation, whisky may
get on the market and be treated as free
whisky, and attempts even were made to make
the Government pay for it—to stand the loss
as if the Government had been in charge of it
when the Government never had charge of it
at all. That is an illustration of one of the
hundred ways in which transportation bonds
are really made of no consequence to the Gov-
ernment.
Then take the bonds given for the purpose
of taking whisky out of a bonded warehouse
