3796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
unwarrantable that they are universal in the
concerns of individual life; and that aggregate
of individuals which we call a nation has a
clear authority for taking alike care of its gen-
eral interests ; and this all the stronger that the
interests of the individual are all at risk in
those of the community.
But let mo not tire you with the generalities
of the principle on which the policy of protec-
tion to home industry safely rests. The argu-
ment is usually carried into specialities, and
those are, both complex and numerous. Prin-
ciples are much modified in their operation by
circumstances and contingencies, and for prac-
tical uses they must be met where they eventuate
in facts and effects. Indeed, I would rather
carry the discussion into details, into history
and experience, than rest it where our antago-
nists usually confine it, in logical and abstract
propositions, however sound I hold it to be in
philosophy as well as in practice.
Let us for a moment look at the doctrine of
protection in the aspect usually presented by
the enemy. Experience is against them, if
the experience of all prosperous nations be
admitted to be sound and true. The facts
which confront them are that no nation which
to-day holds a high and respectable rank in
wealth and power on the earth has, during its
Stage of growth, followed the policy of free
trade either in form or effect. European,
especially British, literature and speculative
philosophy are loaded down to the water's
edge with argumentation against the doctrine
of protection; but the policy of the British
islands had no such freight aboard while they
rode the tide of successful experiment. I need
not enter into the proof of this assertion, for
no one disputes it. But the utility as well as
the principles of protection are denied by those
who would confute its theory. English free-
traders have the boldness to say now that the
maritime supremacy of Great Britain was
achieved not by aid of her navigation laws, but
in spite of them; and that England made
herself "the workshop of the world" in like
manner, in spite of the protection of domes-
tic industry, which she maintained for five
centuries, from the time when Flanders was
Europe's workshop and England was selling
her raw materials and buying back the skilled
labor of the Continent until the time when she
became an importer of raw materials and a
vender of the labor and skill and of the power
and products of natural forces to all the world.
Now, somehow English manufactures did grow
to overtopping proportions under her system
of protection, prohibition, and bounties, not
only absolutely, but. relatively, to the early
supremacy of India and the southwestern half
of Europe. Ami the only ground for affirming
that the policy under which this wonderful
success was secured was not the cause and the
means is simply that it was—no, that it is—■
unphilosophieal; a conclusion that would be
just as valid if one were to affirm that the
adhesive inflammation which accompanies the
restoration of a broken bone is unhealthy, and
the splints and bandages only so much impedi-
ment and incumbrance, because they are not
necessary in the sound condition of a limb.
But free-traders are notonly poetical in respect
to principles; they are habitually and utterly
untrue as to facts.
They point to theabridged schedules and the
diminished rates of duty of the British tariif.
as a demonstration of their theory. They say
in so many words that the English system is
now what they are pleased to call free trade.
Our answer is that it is not now and never has
been free trade in principle or purpose, in any
sense opposed to protection, rightly under-
stood.
Protection is only and simply defense. The
Esquimaux need no defense for their produc-
tion of walrus beef, their reindeer or seal-skin
trade. New York needs no defense for its
daily newspapers, nor Massachusetts for its ice.
Neither the principle of free trade nor of pro-
tection touches these commodities in these cir-
cumstances. Nor do they any more apply to
any product of skill in England of which she
has the natural or acquired monopoly in her
home market. Free trade as opposed to pro-
tection—that is, free trade as a distinctive
economical principle—never bad an inch of
foothold in England, nor, though constantly so
claimed, has it kept company with liberalism
and progressiveness in the reforms of the last
quarter of a century. Free trade has nothing
in its spirit or aims which entitle it to fellow-
ship with the movement in modern societies
looking to and laboring for the amelioration of
human conditions. The landed aristocracy
of England resisted the repeal of the corn laws,
indeed ; and in this case English conservatism
was arrayed against the form which free trade
took there ; but ill our own country the plant-
ing interest, the slave-holding feudalists of this
nineteenth century and of this progressive
Republic were not protectionists, but out and
out free-traders. This opposition of the con-
servatisms in the United States and in Great
Britain means something else than the assumed
natural sympathy of free trade for progress-
iveness.
I have said that free trade, as an economic
principle, has never existed in England. I go
further, and say that free trade has never taken
the shape and action of a principle anywhere,
that an advocate dare quote its results, or sup-
posed results, in the experience of the nation
adopting it. Something of it exists as a sen-
timent in portions of our agricultural popula-
tion where manufactures have as yet scarcely
taken existence, and even there it is an opinion
imported from that region of this country and
from that foreign nation with which it is a
mere matter of policy. Among us it has one
way or other worked itself into some consid-
eration through the agency of debating soci-
eties, ofT-hand editorials, and foreign treatises
on political economy got up in the infected
districts. The Democratic party, too, not
sincerely nor advisedly, but through its unnat-
ural alliance witb the slave party of the South
for twenty years before the rebellion, leaned
away from the leadings of Jefferson, Madison,
and Jackson toward this heresy along with its
other apostacies, which together have plunged
it into ruin. The building of a furnace, mill,
or factory in a purely agricultural community,
where the free-trade sentiment had obtained a
foothold, by enhancing the value of property
in the locality, stimulating the agricultural as
well as all other pursuits, creating a market for
the surplus labor, and by raising the value of
that labor, speedily explodes the doctrine, and
adds to the ranks sturdy advocates of protection.
I know that England is constantly, and it
may be in many cases innocently, quoted as
showing a great revolution in doctrine and
practice in this matter. She is quoted as an
instance of the triumph of the doctrine and of
the benefit of its practical adoption. But her
policy has not to this day entitled itself to
the use or application of the term. It may be
loosely taken to describe lier present practice
in reference to her foreign trade so far, but so
far only, as thatpractice really extends; but this
policy in no degree discloses tbe spirit or aim
of her commercial system, even to the extent
of its seeming application. It is notfree trade
that she wants, hut cheap raw material and
cheap provisions. Until within the last five
and twenty years her system stood firmly upon
protection, effected through fines, penalties,
prohibitions, and import duties, high enough
always to secure for her the monopoly of her
home market and those of all her colonial
dependencies.
This system of protection embraced food as
well as fabrics, and until the towns mastered
the country and the millocracy overtopped the
landed aristocracy, the concession had to be
made by the manufacturers and traders to the
land owners. The revolution in policy, when
it was effected, was really made to secure free,
that is cheap, raw material, of which food is
greatly more important than even any or all
the substances which she works into her man-
ufactures.
The articles which may be called food and
drink imported into the United Kingdom' in
1804, amounted to four hundred ana thirty-
nine million dollars, being thirty-three per
cent, of the total value of all the British im-
ports of that year. But when the exports of
foreign goods are subtracted the food retained
rises to thirty-six and a half per cent, of all
commodities imported and consumed.
To show how far British free trade aims at
cheap raw material for consumption and repro-
duction we have- the striking fact that of her
total imports in 1864, which amounted to
two hundred and seventy-five millions pounds
sterling, the manufactures amounted to no
more than seventeen million pounds, or but
six and three quarter per cent, of the total
foreign imports.
The edifice of her industrial prosperity hav-
ing been built up under protection to a height
that overtopped all the nations which at first
surpassed her in her own and in foreign mar-
kets, her supremacy (which certainly was at-
tained long before she relaxed a hair-breadth
of her protective system of duties) secured,
and all its powers exhausted in its complete
victory, the next advance step to be taken in
order to preserve and extend her dominion in
foreign trade was to obtain food and raw ma-
terial at the cheapest possible rates that wages
might be low as well as the price of the foreign
materials to be employed.
This aim and object, this endeavor, pushed
to its utmost capability, with no other intent
than the maintenance of her enormous foreign
trade against the rivalry of the Continent, which
has been long her terror as well as her danger,
is glozed over with the fancy name of a prin-
ciple which she and her disciples elsewhere so
fondly call free trade, in order that her pros-
perity, falsely credited to it, may be used to
break down the barriers of self-defense against
her commercial encroachments upon the wel-
fare of the nations whom she seeks to reduce
to, and hold in, industrial vassalage.
That this is the spirit of her so-called free-
trade policy is made further evident by her
constant and ever-growing policy of shifting
taxation from consumption to accumulation,
or the clear savings of production. This is
the true secret of a continuous resort to the
income tax to cover deficits of revenue, and
especially to meet all extraordinary demands
upon the national exchequer.
Whoever looks along the progressive reduc-
tions and remissions of impost and excise duties
which mark the history of English legislation,
especially since the free-trade era and corn-law
repeal of 1846, will find that the burden of
these reductions was invariably shifted upon
the income tax when that would answer, and
upon it and spirits and malt when the demand
was unusually large. Sir Stafford Northcote,
now a member of the Cabinet, in his work on
the "Financial Policy of England," says, ex-
pressly, concerning the imposition of this tax
in the year 1845, that" the Parliament deliber-
ately adopted it, and that at the time when the
tax was not proposed as a measure of urgency,
as in 1798, or even in 1812, but it was calmly
weighed in the balance against cheap sugar,
cheap glass, cheap cotton, and the rest, and
found to be a price worth paying for these
countervailing beuefits." This tax, always odi-
ous, and rightly described by Lord John Rus-
sel as " a tax in which inequality, vexation and
fraud are inhereut," and always proposed by
the Government as a temporary measure, to
tide the exchequer over the shallows of rev-
enue, is nevertheless persistently maintained.
Not only to meet such exigencies as the Irish
famine year, the Crimean war, and revolts in
India, but even when so small an item as the
expense of the Abyssinian expedition some-
what increased the national expenditure we
find the Minister of Finance proposing to add
to the present levy twopence in the pound,
rather than put three millions unprovided for
upon any other objects of taxation, for upon
any of these it would ultimately, if not directly,
burden consumption, enhance wages, and in-
