248
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho, of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Barnes.
40th Co-no....2d Skss.
The President of the United States is to be
deposed. For what? The subordinates through
whom thePresidentdirects the Army, the Navy,
and the other departments of the Government
constitute his Cabinet and his advisers. When
the opinions and attitude of any of the heads
of Departments are in conflict with the Presi-
dent, when they become refractory and refuse
to obey his orders, the interests of the Gov-
ernment suffer, and every dictate of prudence
demands that this officer be dismissed, and that
his place be filled by one who will obey orders,
and whose views are in harmony with those of
the President. The President has solemnly
sworn to see that the laws be faithfully exe-
cuted. Without the power of selecting subor-
dinates and advisers how can he execute the
laws ?
THK PRESIDENT, CONGRESS, AND STANTON.
Relations Wanting in cordiality of opinion
between Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary ol'War,
and the President have grown into utter insub-
ordination on the part of Mr. Stanton, and
caused the President to suspend him from office
in September last.
Since the advent of President Johnson to
office Congress has sought to tie his hands,
to impair his political freedom, and to strip
him of power. Among other things Congress
has passed what was known as the tenure-of-
offic^bill, which undertakes to prevent the
power of removal by the President of his sub-
ordinates. A portion of the language is,
"and that the Secretary of State, of the Treas-
ury. War, Navy, Interior, and the Postmaster
General, and Attorney General shall hold
their offices respectively for and during the
term of the President by whom they may
have been appointed and for one month there-
after, subject to removal by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate." This bill was ve-
toed by the President as being in conflict with
public interest and the Constitution. The cor-
respondence recently published between the
President arid General Grant reveals the fact
that every member of his Cabinet, not except-
ing Mr. Stanton and the Attorney General of
the United States, also pronounced the bill
unconstitutional. The view of the most prom-
inent Republican Senators was, that if it re-
stricted the President's power to regulate his
own Cabinet no man with self-respect would
consent to stay for a day in a family where
he was not wanted.
Nevertheless, a partisan Congress passed tho
bill over the President's veto, and it became a
law on the 2d of March, 18C7. When lie (Mr.
Stanton) was suspended by the President he
appealed to the Senate to reinstate him. The
Senate, being forty-three Republicans to ten
Democrats, espoused liis cause and restored
him to office. Had Mr. Stanton resumed the
office in an unobjectionable manner that would
have ended the difficulty. But he did not.
He returned there as a victor, defiant in man-
ner and insubordinate in duty. Fiiendly or
profitable intercourse could not be resumed.
The President'sorders were again disobeyed,
and on the 21st instant Mr. Stanton was re-
moved from office. The War Department
building is said to have been filled with mili-
tary ; the door was closed against the Presi-
dent's acting Secretary. Simultaneous with
his orders to General Thomas to act as Secre-
tary ad, interim the President communicated
his action to the Senate, reserving a full state-
ment of the reasons therefor until he had time
to prepare them, with documentary evidence,
&e. Upon receipt of this partial information
the Senate immediately closed its doors and
went into a secret session, remaining for seven
and a half hours. Acting only upon partial
knowledge and wild rumors, without request
and without jurisdiction, a portion of the Sen-
ators sent a resolution of condemnation to the
President, while another portion of the Sena-
ators and membeis of the House repaired to
the office of Mr. Stanton, remained with him
during the night, advising him to resist the
President and keep his appointee out of the
office.
Never was so high-handed an outrage perpe-
trated under a free Government in a time of
peace. The Senate is the court before which
the President is to be tried—one of its members
succeeding to the high position of President of
the United States in case erf conviction. Mind
you, fellow-members, the insultby Mr. Stanton
to the President was not denied. The tenure-
of-ollice bill was considered unconstitutional
by the President; it had not been considered
otherwise by the proper legal tribunal; the
facts reciting Mr. Stanton's misdemeanors had
not yet readied the Senate ; yet they prejudged
the case and were afterward to hear the evi-
dence. If the participators in this revolution-
ary scheme have not subjected themselves to
arrest there can be no such thing as encroach-
ment upon civil liberty, and there can exist no
guarantee for civil liberty for a single day.
Why, what have they done? They have openly
conspired with subordinate military officers to
defy the will of the President; they have re-
sisted the President's appointees ; they have
prejudged a case on which they are to be the
court, and in the face of the fact that the Sen-
ate has a direct personal interest in the con-
flict, inasmuch as it can elevate one of their
own number to the position of President, and
they are at this moment assisting Mr. Stanton
to remain in the War Office, which he and his
guards have not left night or day since the
order of his dismissal.
If the tenure-of-office bill is constitutional—
and I hardly think any lawyer will now claim
that it is—it does not prohibit the removal of
Mr. Stanton. It only prevents the President
from removing his own appointees during the
existing term of his office. Mr. Stanton held
his place only by the sufferance of President
Johnson. He never was appointed by Mr.
Johnson. He was appointed by Mr. Lincoln,
during Mr. Lincoln's first term, not even dur-
ing the term the balance of which Mr. John-
son is now serving. There is no doubt what-
ever that this tenure-of-office law, if constitu-
tional, has no jurisdiction over or application
to this case. It is tho President's sworn
duty to see that all laws are faithfully executed.
This law is in conflict with public interest and
with the Constitution. The President has taken
measures to have its validity tested—nothing
more—although the provocation was extreme.
The right to command implies the right to obey.
If the President can appoint he necessarily
must have the right to remove. Section two,
article two, of tho Constitution says :
" The President shall be the Oommander-in-Chief
of the Army and Navy of tho United States."
How can he be Commander-in-Chief without
power to appoint and remove subordinates?
The supposition is a paradox, and such a law
would be a farce. Section three, artiele two,
of the Constitution further says:
"It shall be tho duty of tho President to see that
tho laws be faithfully executed."
How can he faithfully execute laws if com-
pelled to retain subordinates who will not obey
his orders? That such a bill could have passed
two Houses of Congress seems most wonder-
ful. It only shows to what extent passion and
party discipline have crowded out reflection
and warped judgment.
THK MOTIVE FOR CRIME ON THE PAIiT OF Till: PRESI-
DENT UTTERLY WANTING.
Crime is measured by intent. What are the
actual and the circumstantial evidences of crime
or usurpation surrounding this action of the
President, for it is the intention that is to be
punished. No man asserts or thinks public
injury can follow the removal of Edwin M.
Stanton.
The President has satisfied every impartial
mind that Mr. Stanton is wanting in the ele-
ments of modesty, courtesy, and obedience,
and that he ought not to have occupied his
position as long as he did.
The President has sent- prompt and good
reasons to the Senate, he has employed no
force, he has simply expressed his wish to
conduct the affairs of the Department for the
public interest; he has not filled the vacancy
by an untrustworthy successor, but has this
day nominated to that position Hon. Thomas
Ewing, a man whose whole life and every part
of it is a guarantee" that the office in his hands
would be as safe as if in the hands of George
Washington.
Tho precedents of all other Administrations
give indorsements to what the President has
done—the Constitution justifies, the public
good demands it. The law which the Presi-
dent is arraigned for having violated has been
pronounced unconstitutional by all authorities
who have voted upon it. The section'applying
to this removal has no application, Mr. Stanton
not having been appointed by the President.
Do these facts look like usurpation, like crimc?
Section four of the Constitution provides—
"That the President shall be removed from officB
upon trial for and conviction of treason, bribery, or
other high crimes and misdemeanors."
Ts this act of the President in removing a
refractory and disobedient servant, and nomi-
nating to his place, subject to the approval of
tho Senate, one of the first citizens of the Uni-
ted States, high crime? Is it a misdemeanor?
Does not this whole proceeding develop de-
signs, intentions, and reasons still sought to
be hid from the public eye, and not intended
for the public good ? The construction of the
Constitution in our day is well understood.
THK OPIXION or THE FKAMEBS OP THE CONSTITUTION,
Let us see what was the construction of its
framers. In the Convention of 1787 Mr. Mad-
ison said:
"A dcpcndenecof the executive on the legislative
department would i euder the legislative the exccutor
as well us the maker of the law. It is essential that
the appointments of the executive should be drawn
from some source, and bo held by a tenureindepend-
cntof the legislative. A coalition of these two powers
would bo dangerous to public liberty."
Gouverneur Morris said :
" The Legislature will seek to perpetuate and ag-
grandize themselves, and will seise those critical mo-
ments produced by war, invasion, or convulsion for
that purpose. It is necessary that tho Executive
should bo the guardian of tho public against legis-
lative tyranny. It is his duty to appoint the officers
and to command the forces of tho Republic."
lie again said:
"AVhcn a strong personal interest happens to be
opposed to a general interest the legislative eannot
bo too much distrusted. In all public bodies there
are two parties. The Executive will necessarily be
more connccted with one than with theother. There
will be a personal interest of oneof the parties to op-
pose and one to support him. Much has been said
of the intrigues that will be practiced to get tho Ex-
ecutive into office. I linveheard nothing said of the
greater danger—of the intrigues which will bo prac-
ticed to get him out of office."
Mr.-Pinekney indorsed all that had been
said upon this subject; and went further as to
the proposed court of impeachment. He said:
"The two Houses of Congress ouglit not to be tho
court of arraignment and trial upon a charge of im-
peachment. They are politica bodies, strongly
swayed by political prejudices. If the Executive
opposes a favorite law of the dominant party the
two Houses will combine against him, and under the
influence of heat and faotion will throw him out of
office."
I ask the majority, what then are the rea-
sons for this extraordinary proceeding, for this
lint haste in pushing through this revolution-
ary measure? The framers of the Constitu-
tion never supposed that in ease of treason
and impeachment of a President of the Uni-
ted Stales that a duly-elected Vice President
would not stand ready to assume the presiden-
tial functions. But now it happens that the
Vice President is President. If Congress cart
: get him out of the way it transfers one of us
j own number to this powerful position. This
j accident, this opportunity, has developed the
j motive. I say, without fear of tuccossful do-
1 mal—and I leave the proof to the record of
