1808.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
40tti Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Pike.
Ho. OF Pt.Bl'3.
history—tbat the reasons for this dangerous
action are political, and only political. Can
any public good ensue if you are successful in
your design ? None.
THE RADICAL PARTY OP THE COUNTRY.
The dominant party in this country are with-
out fundamental principles of government;
unless they are aggressive upon individual ot
public rights they must recoil and fall behind.
This party cannot stand still, must advanee
even into barbarian confiscation and bloody
revolution, or it is dead. The leaders of this
party well know that they are to-day in a po-
litical minority throughout the country, and
unless something can be done to give them
unnatural power, unless they can illegitimately
perpetuate the power which the convulsion and
passions of the recent war have plaeed in their
hands, their former acts will be repudiated,
and the party dies. They are the same men
who preferred a lingering war, to obtain polit-
ical power, to a short and decisive one under
the Constitution and within the law.
INEQUALITY OF REPRESENTATION—THE DEMOCRATIC
AND REPUBLICAN T ARTIES,
The legislation of the Radical party has
been to one end, aim, and effect. In the last
fall's election in the eastern, middle, and
western States, in all the non-excluded States,
tbe Republicans had 2,134,554 votes, while the
Democrats had 2,190,169, a Democratic ma-
jority of 55,615. Instead of forty-four Repub-
lican and only ten Democratic Senators, as
now, we should stand twenty-eight Democrats
and twenty-six Republicans, and the House
would be Democratic by one majority. New
England has six Senators more than would
be her proportion under an equal distribution
of one Senator to four hundred and fifty thou-
sand population. The party do not mean to
lose the strength of these unfair advantages.
They go further. Nevada, with 10,000 voters,
is herewith two Senators; Nebraska, with less
than !>,000 votes, is here with two Senators;
and Colorado is soon to be here with her two
Senators and only 10,000 votes; while New
Mexico with 17,685 votes, Montana with about
11,000, Utah with 16,280, and Idaho with about
16,000 votes, are excluded.
This is not strange, for Nevada, Nebraska,
and Colorado are Republican, while New Mex-
ico, Montana, Utah, and Idaho are Democratic.
Democratic members are excluded from both
Houses by a strictly party vote, and their places
given to Republicans. Mr. Stockton, of New
Jersey,-was thus thrust from the Senate, and
my colleague, Mr. Bkooks, of New York, Mr.
Baldwin, of Michigan, and Mr. Voorhees, of
ludiana, were also thrust from this House.
Three years have been spent to see how the
votes of the southern States could be absolutely
controlled by a central directory, and five bills
have passed this House to that end. You have
not only calculated the physical capacity of the
population of that section to vote, but you have
nicely weighed the dignity, endurance, and
humiliation of its more intelligent population to
define what would cause them to refuse to vote,
and just how far it was necessary to go in en-
franchising the negro and disfranchising the
whites to have your conditions—return here
either negroes or profligate whites who would
do your, bidding.
The number of the Supreme Court has been
reduced and its entire integrity attacked by
yourlegislatiou for party purposes. The dig-
nity of the presidential office and the powers
of the Executive have been so impaired as to
interfere with the collection of the revenue and
the interests of the country. Bills are passed
over the President's veto without one moment's
discussion. A perpetual Congress has been
instituted, and now it is sought to elevate one
of your own number, one of the most extreme
men of either House, over the ruins of the Re-
public to the presidential chair.
PASSION AND IMPEACHMENT.
Thees parte evidence upon which this House
proceeds to act, and upon which the Senate ljas
acted in this important measure, and the .solid
sarty lilies by which the action is supported^
eave no doubt in my mind that'whfch these
ex parte statements and wild.rumors ate thrown
out before a final court by intelligent lawyers,
when facts only are presented, and when cir-
cumstantial evidence is weighed, if this cade
is not dismissed, it can only and will only, be
executed against necessity, against facts, against
law, and by force and blood.
AN APPEAL TO DOMINANT PARTY.
I ask, gentlemen, what is to be the effect of
thus hurrying this nation' into the jaws of a
revolution,-the end of which no man can fore-
tell 1 Can the material interests of the coun-
try survive such a precedent ? Can the public
credit sustain such a strain? Every condition
exists-, and every element in this country is ripe
for revolution. The increase of population for
eight years is unproductive in its character and
has been almost entirely in towns and cities.
The agricultural population has not increased—
agriculture needs labor, and agricultural pro-
ducts are in short, supply and command high
prices. The bonds of the Government are in
the hands of the few, the votes here, unlike
those of England and France, are in the hands
of the masses. Impoverished labor will not
always volun tarily tax itself to pay interest upon
the rich man's bonds. When machinery has
more fully stopped, &c., when industry will
not feed and clothe those who are dear to us,
I say unto you that these questions will have
to be met.
I beseech you to pauso in these high-handed,
these useless, these dangerous measures. Be-
hold the stagnation, destruction, sorrow, and
death which have already followed as the results
of your legislation. Tell it not in the Halls of
this national Capitol, or let the sound reach the
hills and valleys of our distant homes, how lib-
erty is this day to be sacrificed upon the very
altar of her citadel; how the pillars of our
Constitution this day tremble to their founda-
tion ; how vengeance here seeks another vic-
tim ; how party has risen superior to country;
how justice is overthrown by passion, and how
not one voice among you all raises its thunder-
ing tones to avert these crimes. The history
of the past admonishes you, the uncertainty of
the future warns you, of what may follow. You
are certainly sowing-the seedsof anarchy, de-
stroying national credit, and disheartening our
already despondent people. You may be plac-
ing us within a step of the yawning gulf of
revolution.
Robespierre, Marat, and Danton were less
vindictive than many of the members of these
Houses; and the bloody rule of the Jaeobin-s
was mild compared to that which is sought to
be established by many here who now seek
power. Tread not too far. Your vengeance
must react. Your threats will not always meet
abject or even patriotic hearts.
Retaliation is an element of human nature.
Long pent-up rage strikes with mighty forcc
when its chains are broken. Your zealous,
enthusiastic, ambitious, and dangerous men
control the action of unthinking good men.
Your speeches here this day, and. the vote you
are to give here this day, show that the
shackles of party are upon you. Will you not
rise and break them in pieces before the car is
in motion, and inflamed passions compel you
to take a part which now you would shrink
from with horror? The hand-writing is upon
the wall. Be wise, be just, ba humane, while
yet you can. The memories of the past, the
hopes of the future, our own liberties, the lib-
erties and the prosperity of our children and
of our children's children are involved in the
vote you this day give. As for me, if you this
day agree to impeach the President upon the
evidence now before us, I shall consider our
liberties less secure, our property less valuable,
our honor tarnished, our country disgraced,
our rights invaded, and you responsible.
Impeachment.
SPEECH Qf HON. F. A. PIKE,
op maixb, ' -
In the House of Representatives,
March 2, 1868,
On the articles of impeachment reported, from the
committee.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, the resolution
proposing the impeachment of President John-
son for " high crimes and misdemeanors"
was properly passed by the House. The re-
cent disregard and contempt of the act of
March 2, 1867, regulating the tenure of civil
offices are peculiarly offensive, because the Sen-
ate has so recently passed upon his action in
the suspension of Mr. Stanton in August last,
and that, too, after an elaborate debate, in
which the whole matter was fully considered.
The President has thus taken occasion, in the
immediate presence of Congress, to defy its
action. The first section of that act reads:
" Sec. 1. That every person holding any civil office
to which ho has been appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and every person
who shall hereafter be appointed to any suenoffice
and shall become duly qualified to act therein,is and
shall be entitled to hold such office until a successor
shall have been in like manner appointed and duly
qualified, except as herein otherwise provided;
Provided. Thatthe Secretaries of State, of the Treas-
ury, of War, of the Navy, and of the Interior, the
Postmaster General, and the Attorney General shall
hold th eir offices respectively for and during the term
of the President by whom they may have been ap-
pointed," and for one month thereafter, subject to
removal by and with the aavice and consent of the
Senate."
The question of the constitutionality of this
act I do not deem open to the House. For
all our purposes it must be considered consti-
tutional. It was considered, discussed, passed
by both branches of Congress, vetoed by the
President, and, in accordance with the terms of
the Constitution, "reconsidered" and passed
by the requisite two-thirds majority.
Upon what principle, then, can the House
act upon the possibility of this law being un-
constitutional? Shall the House wait for a
court somewhere, somehow constituted, at
some future time, more or less remote, to
pass upon the question of the constitutionality
of this law? And is anybody green enough
to suppose that a court will decide this ques-
tion free from the bias of politics? The Dem-
ocrats of this House, without exception, so
far as I know, those who have been on the
bench and those who have not, pronounce the
law unconstitutional. Every man in the coun-
try who thought it "unconstitutional to co-
erce a State" will deem this law unconstitu-
tional. Shall we wait for an expression of
opinion from such of them as happen to be on
the bench? Would that be wise?
It is clear that we must treat this statute
like all others and regard it_ in full force and
vitality until the proper judicial authority shall
pass upon it. It may lie brought before the
Supreme Court of the United States, and it
may not. Should it be carried there, and should
the court pass upon it unfavorably, I should
cease to act upon it. Until then I know of no
way that any member of this House may prop-
erly discharge his duties while disregarding it.
For one I cannot shirk my obligations in that
way. My oath of office, as I construc it, for-
bids me thus to trifle with iny position. Mem-
bers of this House should act on the law as
they find it, and members of courts must pass
upon the law when it comes before them.
What, then, does this section of the act
mean ? Does it include the case of Mr. Stan-
ton? It is said Mr. Stanton was appointed by
Mr. Lincoln, and must be considered as his
appointee under this act. And it is said,
further, that Mr. Lincoln's " term ot office"
expired with his -death; and, therefore, ac-
cording to this section, Mr. Stanton s term
expired thirty days thereafter. Suppose this
to be so; how, then, does the case stand . Mr.
