1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3797
crease the cost of production, all of which is
forbidden by the necessity of providing cheap
living for labor, and cheap materials and wages
for manufacturing. This policy of putting all
extraordinary and much of the ordinary ex-
penses of Government upon the income tax for
the purpose of exonerating the productive in-
dustry of the realm has every whit as good a
claim to be called a free-trade principle as the
successive reductions and remissions of impost
charges have in the practice of England. Not
only has the income tax been permanently
maintained since 1842, but it has been made
to yield an average of about forty million
dollars per year, since 1846, or much more
than the average annual amount of all the
duties upon foreign goods remitted since the
cheap labor and cheap raw material movement
was introduced into English policy. To the
same end and with the same purpose the duties
upon legacies and successions are charged up
continually higher and higher, that manufac-
turers might be still further and further relieved
as continental rivalry pressed harder and harder
upon England's foreign trade.
Here we see, and it seems to me worth the
trouble of looking after, that that system of
protection which by the imposition of import
duties had been fairly strained to its last stretch
of efficacy, and to the last moment and limit
of its need, was repealed by statute only after
it had been virtually repealed by its own com-
plete success. And then that other form of
protection, which consists in shifting taxation
from industry to accumulated wealth, was sub-
stituted as necessary to the struggle with the
cheap commodities of rival nations for the
monopoly of the labor market of all such semi-
barbarous nations as can be induced, first to
accept a false theory of industry and trade, and
afterward the goods manufactured for their
defenseless markets.
But f go further, and assert here, not only
that England has never adopted free trade as
a principle, but she has to this day neveraban-
doned protection, even in form, much less in
fact. The free lists in her tariff schedules cover
not an item or an article that in the slightest
degree can compete with her domestic produc-
tions : articles of food and raw materials for
her manufactures, so far as England produces
any of these, excepted, the motives for which
exceptions we have already shown, and shown,
too, that they are so far from the principle of
free trade that they are in essence and object
protective of the manufacturing supremacy and
foreign trade monopoly of the United Kingdom.
England now, and during the whole period
since the formal installation of her pretended
free trade in the statutes of the realm, has col-
lected an average of twenty-two million pounds
from customs. The estimate of the Chancellor
of the Exchequer puts this item at one hun-
dred and ten and a half million dollars for the
coming year. I admit that this charge is in
the main a tax upon consumption or an excise
duty collected at the custom-house, and not
protective in effect. Aboutsix of these twenty-
two million customsduties, however, are raised
from manufactures levied as protective duties.
But the amount collected from foreign imports
which directly or indirectly compete with British
protection is by no means the measure of the
positive protection afforded to domestic in-
dustry. To the extent that duty rates prohibit
or abridge importation they operate effectively.
Indeed, it it is in this way that they are most
effective, and the only unequivocal operation
which they ever have, for a more increase of
price upon imports charged with duties, when
it does not diminish or prevent their introduc-
tion, may fail more or less to afford encourage-
ment to home labor and capital. The duty
often does fall wholly upon the foreign pro-
ducer in diminuation of his profits without
hindering him entirely from entering the mar-
ket for domestic labor. The value or force of
protective or defensiveduties leveled at though
they fail to be levied upon imports is the true
measure of their protective power.
Taking the average production of the manu-
factures of tobacco, sugar, and spirits in the
United Kingdom, and the difference between
the customs charged against such goods and
of the excise duties charged upon the home-
made articles, we find that the aggregate of
these surcharges upon the foreign commodity
amounts to ten million pounds sterling in round
numbers j and if we add to these the duties made
to stand guard over the home market against
foreign beer, paper, cards, dice, vinegar, plate,
hats, books, mill-boards, embroidery, musical
instruments, linens, and a number of' other
articles which compete with similar articles of
British manufacture, it is safe to say that the
British Government, while it actually collects
something over six millions sterling upon for-
eign manufactures, and manages besides to
defend her homo productions in her home
markets by a scale of customs duties which
prevent or diminish foreign importation by the
threatened imposition, or, the barrier of pre-
ventive charges equivalent in protective force
to more than twenty millions sterling, or one
hundred million dollars per annum.
Is this free trade?
The pretense is an imposture.
The demonstration that protection, formal
andactual, is thus maintained by the model free-
trade nation under many disguises of names
and methods of exaction with which I have
ventured to detain the House, might seem, after
being plainly produced, unnecessary. Unne-
cessary simply because it is obvious upon a
moment's reflection that free trade, in the
meaning claimed for her system, is in itself
simply impossible. How in the name of com-
mon sense can it be supposed that any people
whose dependence is so largely as that of Great
Britain upon the full employment of her capital
and labor could possibly give up to a phantom
of theory the very substance of their industrial
existence, to allow their labor and capital to
be displaced at home, and all the work and
profit of their necessary supplies to be trans-
ferred to any and every people who from local
and special advantages should be able to un-
derwork and undersell them? Can it be sup-
posed that with a debt of four thousand million
dollars resting upon the nation, and the neces-
sity for ordinary expenditure of three hundred
and fifty million dollars per annum,_ to say
nothing of the extraordinary, which, if not as
constant are quite as certain to occur, Great
Britain could possibly allow France and Ger-
many to seize her home markets and close her
workshops ? The defense to which they are
compelled to resort is prettily phrased or styled
countervailing duties. Countervailing ; what
does that mean? Usually it is applied to the
duty imposed upon such articles as spirits,
manufactured sugar, manufactured tobacco,
malt liquor, and such other articles as are
selected to bear the great burden of the domes-
tic excise. The home market for these arti-
cles thus relied upon for the greater part of the
necessary revenue must be guarded against
the like articles of foreign countries by counter-
vailing duties ; that is, the competing imports
must be charged up to the mark of excluding
them altogether, reducing them tocomparative
insignificance, or, at the least, throwing the
whole weight of such duties upon the foreign
producer. And what does this mean when
pushed to its central idea? Why only this,
that England can bear anything in the way of
prices of commodities better than she can bear
turning her labor idle or reducing its amount
and at the same time striking her active capi-
tal and her foreign commerce with the result-
ing paralysis.
Countervailing simply means " opposing with
equal strength, balancing, obviating in effect."
If import duties on this ground have the high-
est free-trade authority for their application
where inland taxes raise prices upon the do-
mestic producers of commodities, may they
not also, and upon the very same ground, be
applied where wages, or capital, or both are
higher than among rival foreign producers?
The intention and the necessity are exactly the
same; that is, the reserving and securing to
home labor and capital its opportunity of pro-
ductive and profitable employment. Whoever
says "no" to this proposition -says that labor
must everywhere be leveled to the lowest remun-
eration that is given to it anywhere ; that it
must be driven in the New World by the beg-
gary of the Old World to the low scale of
wages which drives the millions of toilers of
that Old World from their homes forever; or
else it means that they shall be excluded from
those departments of production which call
into play all their higher powers, and exclude
them from all those kinds of labor which an
advanced civilization offers to the working-
men of modern times.
I have occupied the attention of the House
with this theme so long and so earnestly for
the purpose of overthrowing the force of the
pattern, the model free-trade nation, and for
the reason that it is so often and so confidently
pressed upon us as an authority in theory and
a demonstration in practice, and for the further
reason that if the claims, pretenses, and exam-
ple ofGreat Britain are fairly silenced we have
not another instance in the world's history to
meet. I mean another instance where any
apparent prosperity has attended an approach
to free trade in foreign commerce.
Turkey bound herself by treaty with Eng-
land to free trade three hundred years ago,
when she feared no rivalry either in her own
or m foreign commerce. A hundred and sixty
years ago Portugal opened her ports and mar-
kets to the invasion of British products, under
the temptation of a difference of duty in favor
of her wines as against France ; and India,
now something more than fifty years subject to
Great Britain, has had free trade forced upou
her. And where do these people stand in the
scale of nations now, and what is the state of
their domestic affairs? Before their own folly
or foreign force stripped them of self-protec-
tion they ranked as either first-rate Powers in
Europe, or what is better, as self-supporting,
independent, and prosperous. Now they are
the wretched relics of decayed nationalities,
having fallen under the disabilities of defense-
less industry, blighted ani^, blasted, and have
become nuisances upon the face of the earth.
But, on the other hand, what peoples do we
see rising into the front rank of European
powers? Those, and those only, who have
steadily, persistently, and wisely pursued the
policy of fostering that home labor which
is the only source of assured wealth. North
Germany, Russia, and France are Europe to-
day. Austria, that never entered the Zollvgrein
or customs union of Germany, was defeated
utterly and hopelessly in a campaign of a fort-
night by her neighbor nations, who_ since 1825
have been doing their own work, just as our
own southern States were conquered by the
wealth and vigor of the trained industrials of
the North.
Yes, sir, it is the treasure-chest quite as much
as the camp that in these times expresses the
force of embattled armies, and determines the
result; determines it in favor of the muscles
and mind educated together in the pursuits^of
a prosperous industry, whatever be the spirit
or enthusiasm which it meets on the battle-field.
The argument for protection found in the
example of England gains greatly increased
force in its application to the condition and
the necessities of the United States. The sit-
uation of the two countries at corresponding
stages of their respective careers have such
resemblance as fully warrants us in taking the
economical history of the British^ islands, with
its results for our example, and in so far as it
has been successful for our guide under sim-
ilar circumstances. The people of this coun-
try, in the main, are of the same race or races,
and are of like generic type, for we mingle m our
diversified nationalities only a larger portion
of the best blood that has mixed its stray cur-
rents in theirs. No naturalist would pretend
that in mental and physical constitution, or m
