1868.
T0E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sea
for redistillation or rectification. What takes
place? Let me tell you one of the tricks
practiced ns an illustration. A rectifying cstab- <
li^hment removes one hundred or fifteen hun-
dred barrels of whisky from a bonded ware-
house and gives a bond for its return after it is
recti tied, after redistillation or after change of
package, if withdrawn for that purpose. That
whisky never goes back into the bonded ware-
house. It is good, sound, western whisky,
perhaps worth some thirty or forty cents per
gallon. Instead of putting it back into the
warehouse, there is put back, as if it were the
identical whisky, by connivance and collusion
on the part of the officials, a quantity of whisky
made perhaps from molasses worth seventy
cents per gallon, and received because it is
proof spirit. That seventy cent whisky, how-
ever, is a poor, miserable production, valuable
only for the spirit it contains, and is never
intended to be withdrawn from the bonded
warehouse.
Then it may be said that the person who
withdraws it loses in the transaction. Not at
all. He gets out good whisky for redistil-
lation or change of package worth thirty or
forty cents, and escapes paying two dollars
a gallon tax on it, and he puts it upon the
market at from one dollar and fifty to one dol-
lar and eighty cents. He sells it in that way,
and can afford to let his seventy cent whisky go,
thus making a net profit of fifty cents or more
per gallon.
Bonds are given for the purpose of exporta-
tion. Lighters are employed to carry off the
whisky to the ship, and it is made free of duty
because it is to go abroad. But those lighters,
instead of going to any vessel, pass around the
island, laftd on the Jersey shore, come back,
and the whisky becomes free whisky on the
market; and the master of the vessel and
consuls abroad are conveniently bribed, at
a price which may be from five hundred to
one thousand dollars, as these persons can
afford to give a great deal, to furnish false
papers and make it appear that the whisky
was shipped and reached its point of destina-
tion or abode.
Now, it may be said if we take away the
power to put the whisky on the market and to
withdraw it from bond for that purpose we
will break up the whole export trade. Not at
all. Let those who get whisky for exporta-
tion pay the tax on it, and they will, as in the
case of other articles subject to internal reve-
nue tax, be permitted to have their drawback
when the whisky actually goes abroad.
But if we broke up that trade altogether
what would it amount to ? Some gentlemen
suppose a large amount of distilled spirits
manufactured in the United States is sent
abroad. The amount has never exceeded in
any instance two millions through the long suc-
cession of years which have passed. In 1857
it amounted to two million one and sixty-
seven thousand gallons. Then it ran down to
a half million gallons. In 18G1 and 18G3 it
rose to above two million gallons. This year,
as far as I can estimate, it will sink below
one million gallons; and if it were so that
we would break up the export trade in dis-
tilled spirits y; would not be worth consid-
ering as an argument against furnishing a more
effective means to prevent fraud which might
creep through that opening so as to collect a
much larger portion of r.evenue to which the
Government is entitled.
Now, sir, I might give further details whieh
are exceedingly rich of the frauds and con-
trivances resorted to in order to evade the
laws of the land. If they were not founded in
so much corruption and rascality the ingenuity
practiced in a bad cause would be often amus-
ing. For instance: the Secretary of the Treas-
ury a short time ago thought it expedient to
attempt to suppress illicit distillation by offer-
ing a reward of $300 to any one who would
furnish information which would lead to the
detection and conviction of anyone engaged in
illicit distillation. It sets, of course, the illicit
distillers bidding against each other. "I can
get $300 for informing against you," says one; j
"I will give you $500 if you will not," says
the other. My opinion of an informer, so far
as my personal opinion of him is concerned,
generally is that he is one who for pay will take
cither side, according as the pay is highest on
the one side or the other, and he is quite will-
ing to make terms with the distiller and take
pay from him.
But it was about the ingenious way of ob-
taining the $300 reward that I was going to
speak. There are probably in New York and
scattered through the whole country small
stills which cost perhaps from five to twenty
dollars. Two men agree with each other to
buy at a cost of fifteen or twenty dollars one
of these little concerns, which will enable them
to make, without paying the tax upon it,
secretly in some garret or cellar or somewhere,
two or three gallons of whisky per day, Tun-
ning a small mash in little tubs contrived for
the purpose. Until the reward was offered it
was their object to keep it secret, but, now there
is a reward, the illicit distiller and his partner
go to work and establish a still with the under-
standing that one shall run it and the other
inform. [Laughter.] The penalty is that the
distilling apparatus is forfeited to the Govern-
ment, and thus the Government gets what at
first cost was'.worth fifteen or twenty dollars
and pays $300 for it, which the two partners
divide. [Laughter.]
Now, I do not know that there is any plan
by which we can secure the cunning, intelli-
gence, and skill of all these men upon the side
of the Government. As they fight us we must
fight them. But we have deemed it proper,
in view of this one great prominent opening
and the opportunities of fraud arising from the
continuance of the bonded-warehouse system,
to anticipate any other action of the commit-
tee after these developments have been made
to us to our full satisfaction, by proposing, as
an immediate act of legislation, that we shall
stop that leak at once, promising, when I make
this proposition, that before many weeks we
will endeavor to present some system by which
other frauds shall be prevented, and by which
! the revenues of the country generally, without
! so much oppression as now exists upon indi-
vidual citizens, may be collected with much
greater satisfaction and to a greater amount.
1 That, at least, is the hope .of accomplishment
that we are looking to. I will now hear my
colleague, [Mr. Muugen.]
Mr. M UN GEN. I desire to ask only one
question. I have no objection to cooperating
with the Committee of Ways and Means in any-
thing which will stop these frauds ; but I see
in the bill presented no penalties provided for
a violation of its provisions. The committee
may understand that violations of this law will
be punished in the manner already provided
for violation of the revenue laws. I do not
know how that is ; but it strikes me that the
taking of distilled spirits out of a bonded ware-
house without payment of the tax is a new
crime, and a law without penalties, as a gen-
eral proposition, is not of much force. I would
ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means what is his understanding with
regard to the punishment for violations of this
law?
Mr. SCHENCK. The bill does not create
any offense. It simply provides that no spirits
shall be removed without payment of the tax;
but the law is full of penalties which will cover
effectually this case if any one shall disobey
the provisions of the bill. There is no diffi-
culty on that account whatever.
I will say to my colleague—and I say this
not for the committee, but as expressing my
own individual opinion—that when we come
to a revision of the general revenue laws with
a view to penalties my idea will be to have leas
of confiscation, less of fines, less of seizures,
and more of penitentiary. [Laughter.] Not
the alternative left between penitentiary and
milder punishments, bat penitentiary abso-
lutely.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I will go with you in that.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move the previous
question.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few moments to submit a remark
or two ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will do so, and then call
the previous question.
1 Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I am not
! opposed to the bill reported by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, but I
J am opposed to this thing of piecemeal legis-
; lation. I am in favor of a general system
embracing this whole subject as well as the
special matter which is comprised in the bill
I which the gentlemaiUias reported. Our internal
1 revenue system is riow so complicated by this
! mode of class legislation that it is almost an
i impossibility for any man to understand it. So
I many bills upon that subject have been passed
of various kinds and at different times that
now, when you take up our internal revenue
system and undertake to study and understand
it, it is almost an impossibility because of its
complication, produced wholly by this species
of legislation to which I have referred.
There isupon the table of each member here,
1 and he will find it on his file of bills, a bill
introduced by myself (No. 321) providing for
a reorganization of the whole internal revenue
| system, placing taxation upon the luxuries and
i wealth of the country, and relieving the poorer
]1 classes and all articles consumed by them from
its burden.
In connection with that bill is a system for
preventing these whisky frauds. The substance
of the bill now under consideration is embraced
within its provisions.
In my judgment the bill of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] will not alone ac-
complish what he desires. As one gentleman
has remarked, it provides na penalties for a
disobedience of its requirements. And as
long as you depend upon Government officers
carrying out th? laws upon this subject which
we pass here you never will prevent whisky
frauds.
I will briefly state, so that gentlemen will
get the idea, the system which I propose for
tbe preventirlg of these whisky frauds, and they
will see that what the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schengk]
proposes in his bill is embraced within the
provisions of mine.
In the first place I provide for the manufac-
ture of whisky and all other kinds of liquor,
and throw only such restrictions around it as
are absolutely necessary to prevent fraud. I
next provide the means for its easy identifica-
tion in the hands of the manufacturer and pur-
chaser, and then provide in such way for the
sale of this liquor that honest men may un-
dertake its manufacture without any fear of
being overwhelmed by the frauds that are now
practiced by unprincipled men engaged iu the
business.
After thus providing for the legitimate man-
ufacture of whisky, for its identification and
sale, I then provide that every place where
liquor is rnanujjictured in violation of law, and
every place where liquor so manufactured is
kept for sale, storage, or for any pther pur-
pose, that the liquor shall not only be forfeited
but the premises also upon which it is so man-
ufactured or kept, provided that it is so man-
ufactured or kept by the owner of the premi-
ses. If the owner of the premises does not so
manufacture or keep it, but merely rents the
premises to one who does, then the premises
are not to be forfeited unless he is aware of
the illegal use of the premises by the person
to whom they are rented by him. But if he
does know it, or receives notice of that fact
and does not notify the Government of it
within forty-eight hours after receiving such
notice, then it is to be taken for granted that
he consents to such use, and in that case his
premises are to be forfeited.
I -am satisfied that no system of relying upon
Government officers can be devised by which
you can prevent these frauds. A few days
sincc I bad a conversation with a man who said
