1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2'7'TB
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
1068) to provide for certain claims against the
Department of Agriculture was taken up.
Mr. CATTELL. I now move its reference
to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN M. PALMCIl.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPiieuson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House of Representatives
had agreed to the first and disagreed to the
second amendment o£ the Senate to the joint
resolution (H. 14. No. 118) for the relief of
Jolm M, Palmer, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Amasa Cobb of Wis-
consin, Mr. William B. Washburn of Massa-
chusetts, and Mr. W. S. Hoi.maN of Indiana,
managers at the same on its part.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment disagreed to by the House to the said
joint resolution ; and
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Rcmlved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ment to the said joint resolution disagreed to by the
House of Representatives. and agree to the eoufer-
enee asked by the House of Representatives on the
disagreeing votes ot the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Pi evident pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Willky, Mr. Sherman, and Mr. Morrill
of Vermont.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business; and after some tune
spent therein the doors were reopened, and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 2, 1808.
The House met al twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
election's IN southern states.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
General ot the Army, transmitting, in further
answer to House resolution of the 13th ultimo,
a report by General Meade, commanding third
military district, relative to recent elections
under reconstruction laws in the State of Geor-
gia; also two general orders of General Canby,
commanding second military district, relative
to elections in North and South Carolina;
which was referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction, and ordered to be printed.
report on education.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Commissioner of Education, transmitting,
in compliance with the act of March 2, 1867,
his animal report; which was referred to the
Committee on Education and Labor, and
ordered to bo printed.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that five thou-
sand extra copies of this document be printed.
The SP15AKE14. The motion will be referred
under the law to the Committee on Printing.
leave of absence.
Mr. Boutwell and Mr. Bingham obtained
leave of absence for ten days, and Mr. Orth
for two weeks.
election contest m'KKBS vs. young.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a report from a minority of the Com-
mittee of Elections in the case of McKee vs.
Young, from the ninth congressional district
of Kentucky ; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
CONFEDERATE PROPERTY ABROAD.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 283) relating to confederate prop-
erty in foreign countries; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
o  Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
ELECTION CONTEST DELANO VS. MORGAN.
Mr. CULLOM. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call up the report of the
Committee of Elections on the contested elec-
tion of Delano vs. Morgan, from the thirteenth
congressional district of Ohio.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Resolved, That George V/. Morgan is not entitled
to a seat in the Fortieth Congressfrom the thirteenth
congressional district of Ohio.
He-iolved, That C3olu;nbus jjelano i3 entitled to a
seat in the Fortieth Congress from the thirteenth
congressional district of Ohio.
REMOVAL OF A SUIT.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the call for the regular
order is not insisted upon, 1 will yield to the
gentleman from West Virginia [Mr. Polsley]
to introduce a joint resolution which he has
satisfied me ought to pass, provided it is passed
without debate.
Mr. CULLOM. I withdraw my call for the
regular order.
xMr. POLSLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution (H. R. No. 284 j
to provide for the removal of a suit pending in
the circuit court of Jefferson county. West
Virginia, to the circuit court of the United
States.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that whereas a suit in ejectment is now
pending in the circuit court of J effersou county,
in West Virginia, against the tenant in posses-
sion to recover possession of the Harper's Ferry
property, owned by the United States, and it
is doubtful whether under any existing law of
the United States the said suit can be removed
to the circuit court of the United States, it is
therefore resolved that it shall be the duty of
the circuit court, of the United States for the
district of West Virginia, if in session, or to
the judge thereof in vacation, on the applica-
tion of the defendant in said suit, showing that
the property sought to be recovered by the said
suit is owned or claimed by the United States,
under color of title, and verifying the facts set
out in such application by his affidavit, to issue
a writ of certiorari, directed to the said State
court, directing it to send the record and pro-
ceedings in said suit to the said circuit court
of the United States, in duplicate, which writ
shall be delivered to the clerk of the said State
court or left at his office by the marshal of the
said district or his deputy or other person
thereto duly authorized, and thereupon the said
State court shall stay all further proceedings
in said suit, and upon the return of the said
writ the said suit shall be docketed in the said
circuit court of the United States and there
proceeded in according to law ; and all fur-
ther proceedings had therein in the said Stale
court shall be null and void.
Mr. MARSHALL. Is that offered for refer-
cncc'•
The SPEAKER. It is offered for action.
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 must object, unless it
is referred. I am willing it should go to the
Committee ou the Judiciary to be reported
back at any time.
Mr. POLSLEY. The court convenes next
Monday, aud there is danger judgment will be
rendered for the possession of the property at
that time.
Objection was insisted on to action ou the
joint resolution.
The joint resolution was received^ read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, with liberty to report
at any time after the morning hour.
message brom the senate.
A message front the Senate, by Mr. W eik,
one of its clerks, announced that that body-
had passed a bill (H. 14. No. 3039) to admit
the State of Arkansas to representation in
Congress, with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the Hou.-e was requested.
POST ROUTES IN MOXUOE COUNTY, NEW YORK
Mr. SELYE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. iSro. 285) for
the establishment of certain post routes in the
county of Monroe, in the State of New Yorlc;.
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
JOHN M. PALMER.
On motion of Mr. COBB, the House took
from the Speaker's table the amendments of
the Senate to House joint resolution No. 218,
for the relief of John M. Palmer.
The first amendment to correct a clerical
error was concurred in.
The second amendment, as follows,was non-
concurred in:
Add as an additional section, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved. That the chief
quartermaster of the military department of the
Cumberland, in addition to the contract price of
ninety cents for each coffin manufactured by the said
John M. Palmer, under his contract aforesaid, of tha
date of the 27th of August, 1866, cause to be paid out
of any money under his control unto the said John
M. Palmer the further sum of &12.7ib 80 for manufac-
turing and delivering said coffins: Provided, That
the said John M. Palmer shall, in conformity with
the provisions of his contract aforesaid, well and
truly manufacture and deliver all the coffins which
he is thereby still required to manufautuie and de-
liver.
Mr. COBB moved that the House ask for a
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes between the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to. V
ELECTION CONTEST DELANO VS. MORGAN. 1
Mr. CULLOM. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, this is the
longest case, and involves more questions of
law and disputed facts than any other case that
has been before the Committee of Elections
during the five years I have had the honor, and,
considering the amount of unpleasant labor we
have had to perform, 1 might say since I have
had the misfortune, to belong to the committee.
The contestant, Mr. Speaker, asks the House
to reject the returns from thirteen different
precincts, and he assigns his reasons at length,
and the sitting member asks us to reject the
returns of thirteen townships more for reasons
which he assigns. The contestant asks us to
reject the votes of 285 persons whom he alleges
were not qualified electors under the laws of
Ohio ; and the sitting member asks us to reject
the vote of 133, making in all 418. The House
will have some kind ot idea of the amount of
labor entailed upon the committee when I say
ea^h one of these 418 names has attached to it
a personal history, and not always a very brief
one, the evidence in regard to which is scattered
through fifteen hundred pages of printed mat-
ter, none of it to be found, even in a single in-
stance, on consecutive pages, and not all in the
same volume. The committee heard the par-
ties during nineteen different sessions. The con-
testant occupied nine of those sessions and the
sitting member ten.
Is" ow, I propose to present in the space of
perhaps half an hour all 1 have to say upon
this case, at least for the present, and if gen-
tlemen who have given it no attention will lis-
ten to me during that brief lime 1 will endeavor
to present what I deem the important features
of the case.
We have before us two reports, one from the
majority, of six pages, and one from two gen-
tlemen who dirsent from the views of the major-
ity, which is somewhat longer. In examining
these reports I find four leading differences be-
tween the majority and minority of the commit-
tee. 'The minority propose to reject the returns
from the township of Blue Rock, which gave
the contestant a majority of 117. They also
propose to reject the returns from Clinton town-
ship and the city of Mount Vernon, which gave
the contestant 381 majority. The majority
decline to reject the returns from either of
! these localities, but they propose to reject the
! votes of 126 persons who, they_ have come to
the conclusion, were disqualified under the
i iaws of Ohio, because they were deserters from
I the military service of the United States and
1 they also reject the returns from the township
I of Pike, wl'iich gave the sitting member 140
1 majority.
