25.0
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fMarch 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. FiJce.
40ih Cong 2d Sess.
Lincoln died April 14, 186.5, and according to
this mode of reasoning Mr. Stanton's term of
office coded. in thirty days thej-epXter, and. so
ev*er sin6e the passage of this' act, Marbh 2,
1867, Mr. Stanton has been holding place with-
out authority of law. In other words, there
has been no legal Secretary of War since that
date. If this be so, the Secretaries of State, of
the Navy, a\idof the Treasury are in the same
category. Being illegally in office, their doings
Eire void. This looks like the most 'wholesale
repudiation of tfye public debt that has yet
been made. Hundreds of millions of the pub-
lic debt depend upon the action of tie Secre-
tary since the passage of the act a year since.
Old bonds have been taken up and new ones
substituted, and' the whole vast operation of
the Treasury Department, embracing at least
$500;000,000 of valuations has been conducted
as though we had a Secretary of the Treasury
with .fill! ahtliority. Shall tliey all be repudi-
ated ? And whose fault is it? The President
'examined this act when it passed. If under it
and "in accordance with its provisions Mr.
Stanton's term expired, and Mr. Seward's and
Welles's, why did he not make other appoint-
ments ? Is he guilty of nonfeasance, or rather
is he not guilty of malfeasance in holding
out to the public that these men were Sec-
retaries when they were not? And would it not
be gross misdemeanor to do this ? Surely, if
(his has" been done, the offense js even greater
than that alleged against him. It is clearly
his duty to fill these high offices, and failing to
do so he would "be guilty of the grossest dere-
liction, and should be punished accordingly.
But the President has treated Mr. Stanton as
Secretary of War. He has consulted him, and
in common with Mr. Seward and Mr. Welles
Mr. Stanton has formed part of the Cabinet.
Does it now lie in Mr. Johnson's mouth to deny
his beiaga Cabinet officer?. In addition to this
the President has "suspended " Mr. Stanton.
He could only, do this on the ground that he
was a member of his Cabinet and came within
the provisions of thetenure-of-oflice act. Th'ere
is no other law except this that gives the power
of "suspension." Thispowerisquitedifferent
from that of removal. An executive of a State
may remove a sheriff—unless he be elective—
but he cannot say to him that he shall be " sus-
pended" for a specified time, and after that
may exercise his functions. And in the ap-
pointment of General Grant as Secretary ad
interim he also recognized the lenure-of-office
act, and that Mr. Stanton was "suspended "
under it. The act of February 13, 1790, gives
the President power to appoint ad interim in
case of a " vacancy," and he claims under that
act to have appointed General Thomas after lie
had made the "vacancy" by the removal of
Mr. Stanton. But in August there was no such
"vacancy." Unless he had authority given
him by the second section of the tenure-of-
office act (o appoint General Grant he had no
authority .anywhere. It follows, then, that in
the appointment of General Grant temporarily
he recognized the validity of the tenure-of-office
act, and that, Mr. Stanton came under its pro-
visions. And Mr. Johnson clearly recognized
Mr. Stanton as coming under the provisions of
the second section of that act when, in Decem-
ber, he sent in his reasons to She Senate for
the suspension of Mr. Stanton. In these four
different ways Mr. Johnson has recognized Mr.
Stanton as coming within the provisions of that
act; and how can he now deny the position?
lie has acted with deliberation, and after full
discussion and consultation with his advisers,
and how can he now say his whole conduct
shall go for naught? Can he be allowed to
say so I But if not, then, without further dis-
cussion, Mr. Stanton must be taken as coming
within the provisions of the first section of that
act,^ and is still properly Secretary of War.
That section provides for one method of re-
moval, and that is "by andwith the advice and
consent of the Senate." No other. Thatcon-
sent-has not been obtained, and consequently
Mr. Stanton, whether he be considered as Mr.
Lincoln's appointee, holding during the term
fop which. Mr% Lincoln was elected, or as Mr.
Johnson'.^ appointee by adoption, is still'Sec-
retary of War.
• And the removal or attempted removal of
the Secretary of War is in direct conflict with
the sixth section of that act, which provides
that "removals," and ''issuing letters of au-
thority for or in respect to -any appointment or
employment,'' contrary to the provisions of the
act, is a high misdemeanor, and punishable by
fine or imprisonment.
If, then, Mr. Stanton comes within the pro-
vision of the first section of that act it is clear
that the President has laid himself liable to its
penalties, because he has committed a flagrant
violation of its provisions. But if that statute
does not apply to this case still the President
has no right to remove Mr. Stanton. The Con-
stitution, article two, section two, gives him
authority to appoint during the " recess of the
Senate.'' This right ofappointing has been con-
strued to involve the right of removal. And
such has been the practice. But it has only
been done during the "recess of the Senate."
When the Senate is in session there is no con-
stitutional or other right of removal. And in
no other case has Mr. Johnson, in his whole
career of wild audacity, attempted the removal
of an officer while the Senate was in session
without lirst asking the consent of that body.
On the 21st of February Mr. Stanton was in
his place in the War Office. He had been
" suspended" under the tenure-of-office act by
the President, and according to the terms of
the same bill he had been restored by the
Senate. No attempt had been made to " re-
move" him. He was still Secretary of War.
Such being the case, it is clear that, whether
his case came within the tenure-of-officc act or
not it was a palpable usurpation of authority
on the part of the President to remove a
faithful officer while in the discharge of his
duties, and against the provisions of the Con-
stitution itself. Such being the President's
offense, the committee has done well to found
charges upon it. A case is thus made out
upon which judgment may well be based. But
I wish the committee had gone further, and
put in the indictment some of the other, if not
graver, offenses of which the President has
been guilty. The additional article proposed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] I shall vote for with pleasure. It
supplies the want, in part, perhaps as fully as
it can be supplied, consistently with a reason-
able time, in the trial of the case.
It would, of course, be more satisfactory to
the House and the country if the reasons for
removing President Johnson could all be spread
out on the rccord. The whole catalogue of
offenses against the State—not doing what he
ought to do, and doing what he ought not to do
—is almost conterminous with his official life.
A brief display of extraordinary determination
to teach the country its duty to hate treason
and punish traitors, and that display limited to
words only, is all that can be found in the his-
tory of his administration of the qualities that
attracted the attention of the country and in-
duced a powerful political organization to go
out of its way and "heed the strong persuasions
of his friends to give him the second office in
the gift of the people of the Republic.
Under one pretext and another he has utterly
failed to meet the just expectations of the
country. He has abandoned his friends. He
has broken without hesitation all the implied
obligations to the men who placed him in power.
Those who gave their best exertions to defeat
his opponent and give him place he has con-
stantly termed fanatics and compared with the
traitors of the South. And by rapid stages of
degradation he soon came to abandon both his
party friends and the friends of his Govern-
ment during the great struggle, and on all
occasions to' ally himself with those friendly to
the rebellion.
Could, all his various alliances, addresses,
conferences about appointments, and real rea-
sons for public action be spread- out- on the
record, no man could hesitate to say he should
be ejected from place for the good of the Re-
public and in the interest of sound principles
of political action for all time to come I The
most those who now oppose this proceeding
-in the hope of party advantage could say would
be that they "loved the treason and despised
the traitor 1''
And it is only in oblivion ofhistory that any
one can suppose Congress at fault in this differ-
ence that has been distracting the countx'y for
the last two years between the legislative and
executive departments ,of the Government.
Mr. Johnson took possession of the-office
early in 1865, and Congress did not assemble
until December. - Butitis suseeptible of proof
that in the autumn of that year he allied him-
self to the Democratic party and endeavored to
defeat his friends in the fall elections! Mont-
gomery Blair went through the State of New
York speaking for the Democratic candidate,
and alleging everywhere that the President was
with him in feeling and desire, and when Repub-
licans wrote the President for authority to con-
tradict the statement he refused to furnish itl
This was more than a month before Congress
assembled.
And when Congress did meet he made no
effort and tolerated no advances looking to
mutual cooperation. It was evident that from
the first he had determined to destroy the or-
ganization that had elevated him to place, and
in its stead to create a new one made of hostile
elements and devoted to his personal interests.
All this shows political turpitude of the most
heinous kind, not of the character of " crimes
and misdemeanors" specified in the Constitu-
tion. Such conduct still evinces a bareness
that among honorable men prepares the way
for belief in the most marked official misde-
meanor that supposed personal interest might
render necessary.
Congress and the country have already passed
upon Mr. Johnson's usurpation of power in
setting up States in the place of those in which,
according to his Holden proclamation of May
29, 186-5, '' all civil government had been de-
stroyed." If any popular verdict can be pro-
nounced at the polls one was given in the elec-
tion of the Fortieth Congress. The question
then was: "Has the Executive usurped the
power of the nation?" Discussed thoroughly
everywhere, beginning with Johnson himself,
the country understood plainly what the con-
troversy was between the Executive and the
Congress, and it returned a hundred majority
here to pronounce its judgment.
The verdict was as marked and distinct, and
should be reckoned as conclusive, as that against
the Bank of the United States or the Dred Scott
decision. And usurpation of power is the
highest of " crimes," leading, ifunehecked, to
a change in the form and a destruction of the
Government itself. Thus usurping the power
of Government, Mr. Johnson proceeded, in
derogation of his high duties, to endeavor to
excite the passions of the multitude against a
coordinate branch of Government. Beginning
at Washington and traversing half the States
of the Union, he everywhere endeavored to
bring Congress into derision and contempt, that
thereby he might strengthen his own illegal
purposes and defeat propositions for amend-
ments to the Constitution submitted bv Con-
gress to the several States in accordance with
the terms of the instrument itself.
Elected by the same constituency, and no
greater than the Congress, he did not hesitate
repeatedly to denounce it as no Congress, but
a body " liangiug on the verge of the Govern-
ment."
Thus the "crime" of usurpation was en-
deavored to be supported by "misdemeanor
