1750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March: 9,
If Senators will take the trouble to call at the
Department of State I think they may, per-
haps, be amused by seeing one of the large
boxes or trunks containing it. The item here,
I find, is $3,320 52. Every minister that goes
abroad receives a certain amount of this sta-
tionery of a particular quality and size; and
one of the instructions that he receives is that
all his communications with the Department
are- to bo written on this particular kind of
paper of this particular size and quality, so
that it may be bound up with the dispatches.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Do I under-
stand the Senator to say that that comes out
of this particular fund?
Mr. SCJMNER. Itcomesoutof "the con-
tingent expenses of foreign intercourse." Itis
so mentioned in the report which I hold in my
hand. Again, I find still another item: "Philp
& Solomons, stationery, $1,815."
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to inter-
fere m this matter; but I will call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that there are
several items of contingent expenses, and there
are special appropriations for stationery and
all kinds of expenditures such as those the
Senator from Massachusetts now refers to in
this bill, and in all appropriation bills for the
diplomatic service. Then there is an appro-
priation for stationery, &c., for the State De-
partment in this country, provided for by what
is called the legislative and executive appro-
priation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then hero is an item in
this bill, on page 3, which provides for sta-
tionery :
For the purchaseof blank-books, stationery, book-
cases, arms of the United States, seals, presses, ilags,
&c., $30,000.
That is a different class of expenditure en-
tirely.
Mr. SUMNER. In what I say I proceed
according to the report from the Department
which I hold in my hand. And I find, as I
have already said, under the head of "state-
ment of expenditures from the fund for the
contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,"
the items which 1 have mentioned. I know
nothing about them beyond what I find here.
I may add that I have seen these trunks or
boxes containing stationery, and which I have
been told were always given to every minister
and agent when he left the State Department
for foreign service.
Mr. GRIMES. Can the Senator tell us what
becomes of the money appropriated under the
clause to which the Senator from Ohio has just
called attention?
Mr. SUMNER. I cannot.
Mr. GRIMES. The committee supposed the
items to which the Senator now alludes were
covered by that appropriation specifically pro-
viding a certain sum for stationery, &c.
Mr. SUMNER. I simply proceed according
to the report in this case. It has been some-
times supposed that the appropriations for
what are called the contingent expenses of
foreign intercourse are all absorbed by the
secret service; but if you will look at the report
which was made by the Department, and which
I hold in my hand, you will find that the secret-
service fund is simply that which is indicated
by the President's approval. In other words,
nothing is expended for the secret-service fund
except with the President's approval. He
knows what it is for; the vouchers are furnished
to him; and then, in the public statement
of the Department, the item stands, "Pres-
ident's approval." For instance, in the report
which I have now before me I find one item,
"President's approval, §3,285 30;" and then
another similar item, "President's approval,
$5,826;" and then comes a third item, ''Pres-
ident's approval, $G,610;" there being in this
report somb seventeen thousand dollars ex-
pended by the President's approval on vouchers
furnished to him, and familiarly called expend-
itures in the secret service of the Government.
Now, the practical question is whether you
will constrain the operations of the Department
of State by denying to it these means which it has
habitually used—means some of which are
expended in what is known as the secret ser-
vice, and others expended in service which is
not secret, but which is known to all the world.
My own impression is that it would be inex-
pedient to interfere with the bill as it comes
from the House of Representatives. The
Ho^se, it will be perceived, has reduced these
appropriations considerably. They are much
lower than they were one and two and three
years ago. I doubt if we can go lower than
the House has put them without interfering with
the public interests. I hope, therefore, that
the amendment of the committee will not pre-
vail.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
of the Senator how they compare with the sums
which were allowed prior to the war, before
the extraordinary exigencies of the war?
Mr. SUMNER. -My impression is that they
are not so much as they were before the war ;
that there'is a reduction.
Mr. CONKLING. How were they in the
year 1861?
Mr. SUMNER. I have not looked at them
latterly. On a former occasion I remember
bringing these items forward. I have not the
items now, and I never charged my memory
with them.
Mr. CONKLING. If it turns out that the
allowance made now by the committee is all
that was necessary at any period before the
war, may we not expect the honorable Senator
to agree with us in thinking that we have made
as large an allowance as should be made.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly; the Senator
may expect that I would agree with him in
that.
Mr. CONKLING. Then why allow any
more ?
Mr. SUMNER. Then the practical question,
which I submit to my honorable friend is
whether, on the evidences before the Senate,
he is willing to constrain the operations of this
branch of the Government to such an extent
as they will be constrained unless the report
which I have read from is entirely mistaken or
an exaggeration.
Mr. CONKLING. Without interfering with
the chairman of the committee, who has this bill
in charge, and who will answer for the commit-
tee, I beg to respond to the question put me.
Upon the evidence which was presented to the
committee I was ready to agree to this report,
and I am ready to stand by it and to take all
the risk there will be of crippling the Depart-
ment. I think the amendment proposed by
the committee of this body gives enough, and
at the proper time I shall assign the reasons
for this belief.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is extremely
difficult to determine anything accurately in
regard to any of these appropriations for con-
tingent expenses, because there are no data
given the committee. We have the book of
estimates; but that is only in general terms.
The estimates for this particular year are as
follows:
For contingent expenses of all the missions abroad,
$50,000.
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
$65,000.
What do they mean? What are they for?
It is impossible for the committee to know
what they are for. There is no statement any-
where, no detail of the expenses, no informa-
tion given on the subject. How are we to
arrive at what these contingent expenses are?
There is no service and no part of the service,
no department, and no bureau without an item
of contingent expenses.
The Senator from Massachusetts says these
appropriations for contingent expenses are
used up in the way he has indicated for
stationery, &c., here in Washington. It is
hardly conceivable that can be so, because the
State Department has itself a contingent fund
proper out of which, it would seem to me. all
expenditures on this side ofthe water would be
made; and it did not occur to the Committee
on Appropriations that expenditures on this
side of the water would be charged to the ac-
count of expenses of foreign intercourse. 1
can hardly understand how it is that the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts can be correct
in that statement. It must be, Ithink, that
all the expenses of the State Department here
in Washington must come out of the contin-
gent fund proper appropriated for the State
Department.
Now, what is the character of these contin-
gent expenses'abroad? You will see these
items are classified; first, "contingent ex-
penses of all the missions abroad." The min-
isters have their salaries, and they have their
officers, their secretaries of legation, with their
salaries ; and the law specifically provides for
rent, paper, blank books, &c., Ithink, broadly
enough to cover all expenses that one might
reasonably expect to arise in connection with
a foreign mission. The contingent expenses
here contemplated lie outside of anything
known to the committee or anything that we
can even guess at. My honorable friend from
Pennsylvania says he can tell what they are.
I should be very glad to hear from the honora-
ble Senator at this moment, if he pleases, pre-
cisely what that item means.
Mr. BUCKALEW. These outlays for con-
tingencies, as they are called, of the legations,
are paid out on vouchers by each minister
under very stringent rules adopted by the State
Department, and are regularly settled and au-
dited. There are no outlays incurred undet
the Government which undergo a more reg-
ular investigation and settlement than they
do. The largest portion of the outlay, as I
understand, is for loss upon exchange. A
foreign minister draws a bill upon the State
Department and sells it in the country where
lie is located for the coin of that country for
what he can get. He is charged, then, in his
settlement ofthe contingencies of the legation
for the value of the coin he receives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend will allow
ine to suggest that loss by exchange is specially
provided for by no portion of the bill.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am now speaking of
what are called contingencies of the legations
and the w.iy the account is settled. TV hctlier
the appropriation which we are now debating
covers that particular item of contingent out-
lays or not I do not understand. I am speak-
ing under the language of this appropriation
and explaining what are the contingencies of
legations, and this is one of the main and
leading items. Another item is for stationery
purchased abroad, which is a very consider-
able sum of money; and there is also another
outlay at these legations for postage, very con-
siderable expenses of that sort, in some cases,
not only foreign postage between the foreign
country and the United States, but inland
postage between the coast and the capital.
Then there are outlays for flags for legations
and various other purposes. I do not know
'now the broad language of this appropriation
bill is made up, but, so far as I understand, the
contingent outlays of our foreign legations are
all settled in a regular manner, and the min-
ister is obliged to file vouchers precisely as a
trustee in this country filing his account, in
court is obliged to file vouchers. He can only
prove an item, where it is below a very small
sum of money, below five dollars, by his own
statement; otherwise he must file the proof.
It follows, then, if I am correct in my view
on this subject, that no more money can be
expended than is regularly accounted for in
the Department. It seems to me, therefore,
that if the Department ask for an appropria-
tion of $50,000 for the contingent outlays of
the legations it will be hazarding an inconve-
nience to cut it down to $20,000. The only
practical result will bo that we shall have to
vote the money in a deficiency bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It turns out
that the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
has about the same information on the subject
that the committee had. It will be seen that
the items of expense which he has enumerated
