1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
'' mad dog cry'' of repudiation should not deter
any from carefully considering and discussing
this subject. Persons with whom the term is
so familiar should know that it requires no act
or declaration of Congress to bring about such
a catastrophe ; that the whole matter would be
resolved by the discovery that the resources of
the country would not. pay the interest, much
less the principal, of the public debt in addi-
tion to the expenses of the Government, and
the further discovery that the people would
not impose upon themselves intolerable bur-
dens to that end. The national debt is great
and its burden very heavy, and the man who,
by an unjust and forced construction of the law
against the interests of the people, seeks to
make the debt greater and the burden heavier
is the pioneer of repudiation. They who claim
that the principal of the $2,000,000,000 of the
five-twenty bonds, payable in lawful money,
are redeemable only in coin are doing more to
debauch the morals of the country and blunt
the sensibility to national honor than all other
influences combined. Justice is the only sure
foundation of public faith; and when the
sense of justice is outraged the sense of obli-
gation toward all by whom that outrage is
attempted is weakened, if not destroyed. This
is a principle of universal application, and we
caution the bond-holders to beware lest the
overburdened tax-payers shall have their sense
of obligation so weakened by unreasonable ex-
actions that they will entirely repudiate the
debt which they now acknowledge to be just.
Let any candid man take a six per cent, five-
twenty bond and a five percent, ten-forty bond,
examine them and the laws authorizing their
issue, and say, if he can, whether the principal
of both is payable in the same manner. It is
not possible for him to avoid admitting that
there is a di(Terence. What is the difference?
Thelaw authorizing the fivepercents. expressly
provides for the payment of the principal and
interest in coin, while the law authorizing the
six per cents, (five-twenties) declares that the
iuterest shall be paid in coin. If the principal
as well as the interest of the latter was paya-
ble in coin, why not either so have declared or say
nothing about how the interest should be paid?
When lie turns to the law providing for the
issue of legal-tender notes (and the fact is pub-
lished on the back of every note issued) he
finds that they are receivable as money for all
debts, public and private, except interest on
the public debt; that is to say, for all debts,
public as well as private, except that which
Congress had declared specifically should be
paid in gold; and no such declaration has been
made about any debt of the United States,
except the interest on the bonded debt and the
principal and interest of the five per cent, (ten-
forty) bonds.
When these laws have been carefully exam-
ined let the honest searcher after truth get an
old advertisement by the agents of the Treasury
of the Government loans, in whieh he will find
that capitalists are urged to invest in the five
per cents., (ten-forties,) because both principal
and interest were payable in gold; and then
let hitn forever after hold his peace and no
longer gabble over the dicta of any man
momentarily raised over the heads of the peo-
ple on the pedestal of office. Let him not
exchange his common sense for the declara-
tions of distinguished gentlemen about the
"general understanding" that the principal
as well as the interest of the five-twenties was
to be paid in coin when it is manifest that the
law never could have been so understood by
any one who had any understanding to exercise.
And let him not act in such bad faith to the
holders of the five per cents., who were willing
to loan their money to the Government at one
per cent, less rate of interest for the very rea-
son that the principal as*rell as the interest
was payable in gold. I say in such bad faith,
for these holders of the six per cents, ought to
know that in setting up this claim they are
placing in jeopardy with their own property
the five per cents., about whose payment in
gold there is no dispute. Yes, Mr. Chairman,
they are the repudiators, and not those who
seek to lighten the burdens of the people by
paying the debt in legal tenders or in any other
method consistent with the law creating such
debt. I am aware that Mr. Chase, then Secre-
tary of the Treasury, did say that it was fair to
conclude that these bonds would be paid in
coin, as it hod always been the practice of the
Government thus to pay its funded debt. The
very fact that he was consulted about the con-
struction of the law and the practice of the
Government is an admission that the law and
the bonds themselves did not provide for coin
payment.
And it must further be borne in mind that
this letter from Secretary Chase was in reply
to an inquiry from Frankfort in 1804, and long
after every one of the bonds in question had
been negotiated. This should forever put to
silence all the clamor about the liability of
the Government for the representations of the
Secretary of the Treasury, as these opinions
were not an inducement to capitalists to pur-
chase bonds. They had already made their
investments, and were only considering the
magnitude of their speculation. .
It was true, as the Secretary said, that it had
been the uniform practice of the Government
to pay its funded debt in coin, for the best of
all reasons, that until the passage of the legal-
tender act we never had anything but coin for
the payment of any debt, public or private.
Doubtless those who invested in these five-
twenty bonds supposed that specie payment
would be resumed before the bonds were
redeemable, and that if there should still be
legal-tender notes in circulation they would be
of equal commercial value with gold. This
belief, and not the law and the bond, was the
ground of their expectation of coin payment.
This expectation has not been realized, and
1 now the able representatives of these bond-
holders talk eloquently about bad faith, depre-
ciated currency, irredeemable paper money,
and repudiation of oar solemn obligations.
Greenbacks are yet lawful money, and through
the agency of gold gamblers coin yet commands
a premium.
Will the people, the tax-payers, the men of
bone and muscle and enterprise, who must, by
their toil, pay this great national debt, consent
to a very large practical increase of it to relieve
the disappointment of bond-holders or to
make good the opinions of Government agents
who we e notauthorized by law to construe the
acts of Congress? The humblest citizen has
the same right as the bond-holder, or even the
Secretary of the Treasury, to put his construc-
tion on the Jaws of Congress, and he is far
better situated to pass a patriotic judgment. I
am sorry that the opinions generally entertained
in 1862 about the speedy termination of the
war and its comparatively trifling cost proved
so erroneous, yet, as representatives of the
people, we must be just before we are gen-
erous. Able and distinguished lawyers in both
branches of Congress have elaborated the law
of principal and agent and the liability of the
principal for the acts of his agent. " Facit
per alium facit per se," (he who acts through
another acts for himself.) They come to the
legal conclusion that the Government is bound
by the dicta of the Secretary of the Treasury
and Jay Cooke &, Co. As I understand the
law of principal and agent the latter can only
bind the former while acting in the 'legitimate
sphere of his authority. With all the dan-
gerous powers with which Congress has in-
vested the Secretary of the Treasury I deny
that he has been clothed with judicial power
to pass upon the laws enacted here; and we
are no more bound by his decisions out of the
scope of his authority than by those of a justioe
of the peace in Walrussia. It is a very poor
plea, and one that will be overruled by the
people, that capitalists, who of all men are
least likely to be imposed upon, were misled
by agents and brokers in the service of the
Government, and especially by one who, by his
different statements, proved him to be a mere
Peter Funk working for his own selfish pur-
poses.
I had been led to believe, Mr. Chairman,
(and have often expressed publicly my acknowl-
edgments,) that the capitalists who came for-
ward in the hour of our extremity and took the
bonds of the Government were influenced by
patriotic motives ; that they were ready to offer
their accumulated treasures upon the altar of
their country with a feeling akin to that which
moved the poor widows of the land to bring
their sons, their jewels, to fill up the decimated
ranks of the Army.
But we are now told that capitalists would
not touch a Government bond until they had
the assurance of the Secretary of the Treasury
and JayCooke, hisagent, thatif they would lend
their greenbacks, then worth fifty cents on a
dollar, (in gold,) they should receive bonds
which would pay twelve per cent, interest on
their coin investment and twice their then gold
value when redeemed. This speaks well for
their, financial shrewdness, but dissipates all
our preconceived notions of their patriotism.
While our poor soldiers were struggling and
suffering to save the nation's life that freedom
might be established and extended these money
kings were emptying their purses that they
might replenish them twofold. They recog-
nized the truth of the Bible maxim '' there is
thatgiveth and yet increaseth." Let me hasten
to do justice to all those who disclaim the
demand for gold payment of their bonds, for
to the credit of poor human nature be it remem-
bered there are bond-holders who agree with
us as to the unrighteousness of the claim.
But an honorable gentleman, who pleads the
bond-holders' cause with zeal and great ability,
maintains that only the $150,000,000 of legal
tenders can be applied in any event to the
redemption of the $500,000,000 of bonds pro-
vided for in the same act; that it would cer-
I tainly be bad faith to the holders of these bonds
to require them to receive a greater amount of
Treasury notes than was specified in the law,
and that the remaining $350,000,000 must be
paid in gold.
The gentleman will admit that those legal
tenders were available for the payment of all
other forms of indebtedness, whether State,
municipal, or individual, no matter when
incurred or in what made payable by the terms
of the contract. A State, city, county, or rail-
road bond created ten or twenty years ago,
when coin was the only legal tender known, can
now be fully paid with greenbacks. A promis-
sory note given before the passage of the legal-
tender act, although made payable in gold by
its terms, can be liquidated with these notes
however far below the price of gold. Our
courts have thus uniformly decided.
I believe that most of the States have availed
themselves of these legal tenders to reduce or
pay off their old funded debt. An honorable
Senator from my own State has characterized
this proposition as "a Utopian, demagogical,
mean, dirty, nasty scheme; an act of repu-
diation which would dishonor the American
nation more than the success of the rebellion
itself." Let me call the attention of the
committee to a fact or two in our financial
history which ought to mitigate the severity of
the censure upon us, or at least influence dis-
tinguished Senators and Representatives to
rebuke us with great humility. In 1861, when
the Government needed money, patriotic citi-
zens came forward with their gold and loaned
it to the Government, taking its obligations,
which were made receivable for customs duties
and made payable in two years after date with
six per cent, interest. Before the maturity of
these obligations the legal-tender act was
passed and although they were bought at par
with gold the holders were compelled to re-
ceive greenbacks in payment, worth only forty
cents on the dollar in gold, and these obliga-
tions were refused in payment of customs duties.
A patriotic neighbor of mine (a Democrat,
too,) had by his honest industry accumulated
