1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1751
as constituting the charge upon this contingent
fund are all specifically provided for in this
bill. Here is a provision for loss of exchange,
and a provision for books, stationery, book-
cases, atms, and seals, and presses, and flags.
Mr. FESSENDEN. For what?
Mr. MOR.li.ILL, of Maine. "And for post-
ages and miscellaneous expenses."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of what?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. " Of the con-
suls of the United States;" and the appropri-
ation is $30,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is for consuls, not
for ministers, i believe the office rent of the
ministers is covered by this item.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The clause to which
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] refers
relates entirely to consuls.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not exactly
sure about that.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from New
York asked as to the difference between the
appropriation proposed now aftd that before
the war for the same purpose. I have turned
since to the statute-book, and I have here the
bill passed for consular and diplomatic appro-
priations and approved February 28, 1861.
Carry yourself back, Mr. President, to that
date, a few days before Mr. Lincoln came into
office. In that bill I find these appropriations:
"For contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad, $-10,000.
"For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
$10,000."
Mr. FESSENDEN. And those appropria-
tions were about the same as they had been for
several years previous.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly; as the Senator
from Maine says, they had been about the
same for several years previous. Now, it is
proposed to melt these two items into one, and
reduce the total appropriation to $20,000. It
is very clear that it will be impossible for the
Department of State t  conduct its business
without a larger appropriation. But then my
friend, the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Mob-
iull,] the chairman of the committee, has
told us that the items included in the state-
ment which I have read to the Senate—sta-
tionery and the like—are all provided for by
another clause of the appropriation bill on the
third page, where we find this clause:
For the purchase of blank books, stationery,
book-cases, arms of the United States, seals, presses,
and flags, and for the payment of postage and mis-
cellaneous expenses of the consuls of the united
States, including loss by exchange, §30,000.
If the Senator will be good enough to go
back to the bill of 18G1, to which I have
already referred, he will find substantially the
same item:
"For the purchase of blank books, stationery,
arms of the United States, seals, presses, flags, and
for the payment of postage and miscellaneous ex-
penses of the consuls of the United States, $30,000."
Now, Mr. President, if you will_ be good
enough to look at the next diplomatic appro-
priation bill, being that of February 4, 18G2",
which was after the administration of Mr.
Lincoln had begun, you will find a change. Iu
that bill you find these appropriations:
"For contingent expenses ofall the missions abroad,
$5C,000. „ „ . . x
"For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
8100,000."
Being $150,000 in sum total for the item
which my honorable friend proposes to reduce
to $20,000. Sir, I am for economy; I will
join with my honorable friend in any reason-
able effort in that direction, but I am against
a reduction of these appropriations so low that
our Government cannot practically conduct its
business. T believe that if we follow the lead
of the committee in this direction we shall
materially interfere with the business of the
country. I think, therefore, that we had better
allow this bill in this respect to remain as it
came from the other House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I was aboutpro-
ceeding to remark upon the other item of con-
tingent expenses, that is, the expenses of for-
eign intercourse. I do not know but that m
apparently conceding to the construction which
my colleague put upon the clause for pur-
chase of blank books, &c._, I yielded to a con-
struction which may be a little questionable. I
am not sure that that does not provide for what
is supposed to be embraced in this item of con-
tingent expenses. I will read it:
For the purchase of blank books, stationery, book-
cases, arms of the United States, seals, presses, and
flags, and for the payment of postages and miscella-
neous expenses of the consuls of the United States,
including loss by exchange, $30,000.
I submit that it does not necessarily confine
it to consuls; but, however that may be, it was
not apparent to the committee from anything
we had on this subject what "the contingent
expenses of foreign intercourse" really mean.
What are these expenses? Certainly not, as I
had occasion to remark before, those indicated
by the Senator from Massachusetts, expenses
which are made here in Washington as con-
nected with foreign intercourse ; for it occurred
to the committee that those must necessarily
come out of the contingent fund proper of the
State Department.
I am not disposed to doubt that during the
exigencies of the war these contingent items
were properly largely increased; but if-you
would find really what these items ought to be
in a time of peace you must go back of the war
or go back to a period so nearly connected
with the war as would naturally lead you to
suppose that they were not really increased by
the exigencies of the war. I find it conven-
ient, having the statute before me at this mo-
ment, to go back to the year 1861. The hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts will find
that these items then were much less than he
supposes. I find in the bill making appropri-
ations for the year ending June 80, 1801 :
" For the contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad, $20,000."
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
$40,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. By what act?
Mr. SUMNER. The act approved Febru-
ary 28, 1801.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That was the
appropriation for the year 1861-02, but for
the year 1800-G1 this item was $20,000. Why
should it in this year of grace be more than
in the year 1860-01? Can anybody answer? Is
there any reason known to anybody or which
leads any one to suppose that the contingent
expenses of all the missions abroad for the
year 18G8-09 should be greater than the ex
penses of the year 1860-01, when we were con-
templating the difficulties which soon after
came upon us? It seems to me that is an
answer to the argument drawn from the appro-
priations made during the existence of the war.
In the same bill the next item is:
" For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
$40,000."
Making $00,000 during that year for these
two items. The committee had very good
reason to believe that these sums have been
expended in that kind of service which, at the
present moment, could afford to be somewhat
curtailed. If the honorable Senator thinks
$20,000 for both services is too small let him
state what he thinks is necessary.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood the Senator
a moment ago asked for an explanation of this
increase. It has not occurred to the Senator
perhaps 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I asked for an
explanation of the items which constituted the
contingent expenses of foreign intercourse.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; now allow me
to me ntion to the Senator that the difference of
exchange on the drafts of the ministers which
is paid for out of this fund takes a portion of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No ; thatispro-
vided for expressly in the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 5, after an
appropriation for salaries, there are the words
"including loss by exchange thereon."
Mr. SUMNER. That only applies to con-
sular salaries.
Mr. FESSENDEN. To all, I think.
Mr. SUMNER. No; that seems to refer
only to consular salaries. It is under the head
of consulates and commercial agencies.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But there is no close
of the sentence, which begins a _ long way_ be-
fore, until you get to the appropriation in lines
one hundred and five and one hundred and
six. That clause seems to cover loss by ex-
change. I do not understand what the pro-
vision on page 3, already read, relating to loss
by exchange, means. I do not know what loss
there may be, except on the salaries, and I sup-
pose the item on page 5 is intended to cover
the loss by exchange on the salaries of min-
isters as well as of consuls.
Mr. SUMNER. Must not the item on the
third page, relating to loss by exchange, relate
to consuls and commercial agents who are not
allowed to trade?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That clause evidently
does not apply t,o ministers ; but are not min-
isters covered by the last clause on page 5, to
which I have referred?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I can state to the
Senator from Massachusetts from the estimates
(and perhaps that settles the question) that
the loss of exchange paid to consuls for the
year ending June 30, 18G7, was $10,717 77.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The item on the third
page, perhaps, may be loss of exchange on
money remitted by the consuls.
Mr. GRIMES.. It is not loss of exchange on
their salaries, but it is loss of exchange on the
amount of fees collected by the consuls in for-
eign ports from the certificates they give to
invoices and with which they buy bills to send
home. This is to make that up. The loss of
exchange on the salaries of our ministers is very
trifling in amount.
Mr. SUMNER. It is something. It is an
item.
Mr. GRIMES. It would not bo enough to
require a very large appropriation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is rather large in
China and the eastern countries.
Mr. SUMNER. And very largeintheSouth
American States.
Mr. GRIMES. Suppose it was five per cent,
all around on the average.
Mr. SUMNER. That would make one very
considerable item.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whatever it is, itsoems
to be provided for in the last clause to which I
have referred.
Mr. SUMNER. But if that be so it leaves
these appropriations that are proposed for the
contingent, expenses of the missions abroad and
' for the contingent expenses of foreign inter-
course to be applicable to other things ; and
the question is whether there are not other
things enough to absorb those appropriations.
Mr. GRIMES. It leaves them applicable, as
I understand, in most instances, to the paying
of dispatch agents aud messengers who are sent
back and forth between different ministers
abroad and between this country and Europe.
Mr. SUMNER. That is one very consider-
able item, unquestionably.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does it not include sta-
tionery?
Mr. SUMNER. I have already mentioned
that. I do not wish to prolong this discussion ;
but it seems to me that we ought not to inter-
fere with the bill as it came from the House in
this respect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the amendment
will not be agreed to. 1 do not know that the
appropriation ought not to be cut down some-
what from what it has been heretofore; that I
have not investigated this year; but I am very
well satisfied, from our previous history and
from the appropriations which have heretofore
been made, that $20,000 for both these items
will not be half enough. We ought to give
more. I investigated this matter some years
ago. It is impossible for me to bear all these
items in mind and recollect them from year to
year; but I know that I have investigated the
subject more than once. One year, while I
had the honor of being chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, before its duties were di-
vided, I consented to increase these appropria-
