1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2775
of the law. We liave no such excuse. There
is 110 appeal to the Supreme Court from the
decision of this House in a case of contested
election. I think we are bound to take this
law as it is found on the statute-book, and
administer it according to its spirit and its
letter.
Mr. MULLTNS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him one question ?
Mr. SC0F1EL1). Yes, sir.
Mr. MULLINS. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to oppose the policy of the President in
this regard, or "does he propose to go in har-
mony with the policy of the President and
have his own views override the law?
Mr. SCOFIELD. My own views upon the
President's attempt to override a law because
he believed it unconstitutional are upon record
in the vote which I have given. I am saying
that if we held the President criminal because
he attempted to override a law which he deemed
unconstitutional, so much more in default would
we be if we attempted to trample under foot
this law, whether we like it or not.
But it is said, further, that no person can be
considered a deserter until he has been con-
victed. The law, in fixing the qualifications
and the disqualifications of electors, sometimes
makes a fact the ground of disqualification,
and sometimes it makes the^ certificate of a
court. The ground of disqualification and the
certificate of the court, may be based upon the
^ame fact. Sometimes the law authorizes the
election board to act upon the facts, and some-
times it authorizes a. court to act upon the
facts and give a certificate of their conclusion,
which is obligatory upon the board of election.
For instance, the law requires that a foreigner^
should reside in this country five years before
lie becomes a citizen. But that fact is with-
drawn from the consideration of the board of
electors and submitted to the determination of
a court. The court is to certify whether the
applicant for naturalization has b«en five years
in this country or not; and that certificate
binds the board of election. The fact may be
that the person had not been in the couutry
five days ; but if the court determine that he
had been here five years and so certify, the
board of election is concluded by it.^
Then, on many other disqualifications, such
as color, race, idiocy, insanity, minority, non-
residence, pauperism, betting on elections,
aud several others, the law has confided the
decision, upon the facts, to the election board.
That board passes upon the facts. But it is
said that these facts do not constitute crimes,
while desertion does. Suppose the old law or
the United States, that is, the law m force
piior to the act of 1865, which made desertion
a crime, were repealed, would it make any
difference about the deserter being an elector r
Laws in force prior to the act ot I860 make
desertion a crime, punishable in a certain
way. The act of 1865 provides that a failure
to return to the Army shall disqualify the
deserter as an elector. J^ow, the fact that
some law of the United States makes desertion
a crime does not affect in any way the act^oi
1865, which makes it a disqualification. Cer-
tain facts may constitute a crime if tried in
court, and may be punishable in a certain way,
and they may also constitute a disqualification
before a board of electors ; but unless the law
provides, as it sometimes does, that the dis-
qualification shall consist in conviction, and
not in the facts upon which conviction might
be based, no conviction can be required, the
case does not go before a court to determine
the disqualification, but before the board, or
electors. . , , , .
Under the constitution of Ohio and the decis-
ions made in pursuance of it, a mulatto, 1
believe, is not a voter, but a quadroon is. it is
sometimes a very nice question even lor one
thoroughly booked up in the science-ol races to
determine exactly the amount of African blood
which a person who presents himself as a voter
may have in his veins. According to a former
law of. I believe, the State of Ohio—certainly
of some of the States—to have Africaa blood
in one's veins was a crime for which the unfor-
tunate man was liable to be arrested and tried
before an officer; and, if guilty, expelled from
the State. And still, under the laws of Ohio,
the election board passes upon thisdelicate and
difficult question. They passed on this ques-
tion, aud yet gentlemen say if the same facts
which go to make up disqualification by some
law, either State or national, make a crime, too,
that it requires conviction in the court before dis-
qualification can be considered. Those Stales
where treason or having engaged in the rebel-
lion is made disqualification, according to that
rule no man could be excluded until he had
been brought before the court and tried, and
convicted for treason. I do not know but gen-
tlemen would go so far as to say that the
sentence should be carried out and the man hung
before he could be excluded. 1 am satisfied,
after healing thewholeargument, thatdisquali-
fication is always the subject of investigation
by the election board, and that they are bound
by the decision of no tribunal unless the law
so provides. If the law requires a conviction,
as it almost always does in the case of a crime,
then the election board must have evidence of
conviction.
In arguing this case before the committee
the great hardship of excluding these men
without trial was pressed upon the attention ot
the committee. One of the gentlemen in an
eloquent way said that Adam and Cain had
been summoned befort? they were pronounced
guilty, but we propose to convict men of this
crime of desertion without summons and with-
out trial. Mr. Speaker, these men were sum-
moned. They had sixty days in which to
appear. They had the proclamation of the
President urging them to return to duty. They
had notice under the law which-was passed
some time befote that if they persisted in
remaining in Canada, or hiding away lrom
duty, if they refused to come to the assistance
of the couutry in this emergency, they would
lose their rights ot citizens ot the United States.
The summon to Adam aud Cain, 1 think, was
returnable iorthwitlij but these men bad sixty
days j and now the gentleman says because
they did not return, because they did not obey
the summons, they still ought to be put upon the
same footing as those who did. llow could we
do anything more ? Had they obeyed the sum-
mons and returned then uuder the law they
would have been forgiven, they_ would have
been entitled to an honorable discharge and
released from all penalties and forfeiture, and
when the war was over they would be eutitled
to their share of pensions and bounties and ot
the honor which belonged to honorable sol-
diers. But if they refused to come forwai*
when summoned how could they be tried ?
The objection of gentlemen would make out
that all who returned were not disqualified,
because the act of returning removed the dis-
qualification ; those who did not return would
not be disqualified because they did not return,
and of course could not be tried, ihe con-
struction which the gentlemen give this law-
would make it a perfect nullity. No man would
be disqualified under it. Those who obeyed
the summons and came back to the service
would be entitled to an honorable discharge,
and those who rejected the invitation and re-
fused to obey the summons would be acquitted
altogether because they were not tried.
The committee have considered the two hun-
dred and one cases presented under this law,
and have concluded that the evidence shows
one hundred and twenty-six come within its
provisions, and they have rejected that number
of votes.
I ought, perhaps, to say a word about the
rule of evidence which the committee have
adopted in ascertaining whether these desert-
ers or non-residents or any person decided by
the committee to be disqualified voted for the
sitting memberor the contestant. 1 will simply
read a clause from the report:
"For whom a vote is given, by the laws of Ohio, is
a secret properly known only to the voter hiroselt,
and he is nev er required to disclose it. Xuisiaetmust,
therefore, he often determined upon circumstantial
evidence alone. To what political party a voter
belonged, whose partisan ho had been, whose friends
claimed for him the right to vote at the time, what
he said ot his intention before and his act after vot-
ing, are circumst&nccs which each claimant has
endeavored to prove, and which the committee have
considered in making up their verdict. In this action
they aro governed by precedent as well as principle.
Thesame ruling obtained in the celebrated ease from
New Jersey, decidod in 1810, and known as the
"broad seal" ease, and also in Yallandisrham w.
Campbell, decided in 1858. (SeeBartleU's Contested
Elections, pages 28 and 233.) If it is not to bo inferred
from this kind of evidence for whom an illegal vote
was cast, it cannot, except in a few instances, be
ascertained at all. Any Bumber of illegal votes,
once placed in the ballot-box, cither by tho decep-
tion or connivance of the board, can never after be
excluded unless the whole poll is rejected or the
fraudulent voters voluntarily confess their crime."
I come now to the consideration of the town-
ship of Pike, the returns from which are rejected
becausconeof the judges, being adeserter, was
disqualified under the laws of Ohio to discharge
the duties of that office. The law which gov-
erns this case was early settledby this House—
I think during the administration of Washing-
ton—in the ease of Jackson vs. Wqyne. That
case came from the State of Georgia. The
law of that State required that election boards
should consist of three magistrates. Just prior
to the election the commissions of two ot the
magistrates, who were appointed by the Gov-
ernor, expired, and new commissions were ,
issued, either to the same parties or to others;
I do not recollect which. The election oc-
curred a few days before the meeting of the
court, and the law of Georgia required the
magistrates to qualify in open court. Having
their commissions in their pockets they were
sworn in as judges of the election and made
the returns. The next week they attended
the court and were qualified as magistrates.
That case came before Congress in a contested
election. It was argued at considerable length
by some of the ablest members of the House.
It was finally decided that returns made by a
person acting as judge who was personally
disqualified lor that position must be rejected.
The returns were therefore not allowed in this
case.
The same principle, although the facts are
not exactly the same, was ruled in tho case of
Howard vs. Hooper. The principle was de-
cided first by the committee and finally sus-
tained by the House. The law may be right
or wrong, but it is the settled law ot elections,
settled as early as the administration of the
first President, and has come down to us with-
out reversal.
The case to which the minority of the com-
mittee have referred does not touch the princi-
ple settled in Jackson vs. Wayne at all. lhat
was a case where there was a dispute as to
whether the officers of election were elected on
a particular day. Some said the election should
have been in the month of March and some
said in tho month of April; but they were
elected, and their commissions or certificates
of election were issued to them, and the ques-
tion was whether the House would go back and
pile one contested-election case upon another
by deciding that these men were not judicial
officers. The disqualification there was not
personal. But in every case where a personal
disqualification has come before the Commit-
tee of Elections and this House the law, as
settled in the case of J ackson vs. Wayne, has
been adhered to. The law of Ohio required
that the judge of election should himscll bean
elector. But this judge was disqualified as an
elector by reason of being a deserter, and
therefore had no right to sit. _ If the House
dislike the law which the committee have in-
tended to administer impartially, they may
ovenule it, but before they do so f would like
to have them consider whether this is a case in
which they should commence a new line ot
precedents. . .
It will be remembered that when this law
was passed in 1865 we were entering upon
what we hoped to be the last campaign against
the rebellion. It was the impression ot those
I who had charge of our armies that if the rebels
