18(58.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
40th Oong....2i> Sess.
Impeachment—Mr, Perham.
Iio. of Reps.
a misdemeanor so flagrant as to make the head
of the nation a scoff and jest and by-word—
bringing himself and the office, so far as lay in
liis power, into contempt among the people.
In pursuance of the same purpose to sus-
tain this great usurpation, he has prostituted
both the appointing and the veto powers. In
a public speech at St. Louis he threatened
both to "kick out of office" those opposed
to his policy and to veto all measures that
might be passed to override it. And how dog-
gedly ho has adhered to his purpose we who
have been here the last two years know right
well. No more active and persistent use of
both veto and appointing powers could be
made than has been made by him. On all oc-
casions, everywhere, he has asked of appli-
cants for place and of purpose of laws passed
by Congress but one question, and that
whether it favored or opposed his usurpation.
Thus the executive authority has been pros-
tituted on behalf of a great "crime."
And mean time Congress has protested and
made laws forthe purpose of restraint. Over-
ruled by construction, which was but a subtle
form of obstruction, Congress has repeatedly
passed laws to make moreplaiii itspurpose of
subjecting the rebel States to the authority of
the laws of the United States, and has once
assembled here for that sole purpose. And
those laws have as constantly been met by the
veto power in the first instance, and subse-
quently by continual obstructions in their en-
forcement. Whenever an officer has endeav-
ored to discharge his duties under the provis-
ions of the law for the government of the
rebel States, he has been treated with hostile
criticism on the part of the Executive, and
upon the slightest provocation been removed.
Sickles, Sheridan, Pope—men in whom the
country has the highest confidence, and men
who have given extraordinary proof of the
warmest patriotism—have each in turn been re-
moved for no other reason than a zealous per-
formance of duty under the ^ reconstruction
act's. '  
Encouragement has in all possible forms
been given to rebels, and their dormant hos-
tility to the Government quickened into such
active opposition that conflict has ensued, and
murders without number have been committed;
and the restoration of the whole southern
country to a state of peace and comparative
prosperity has been thrown back for years.
Had Mr. Johnson not advised the rejection
of the mild and wise and moderate constitu-
tional amendments those States would long
before now have been restored to the Union,
and the whole controversy settled.
And still Congress has foreborne to exercise
the power of removal vested in it by the Con-
stitution. Wisely or unwisely, it forcbore with
the hope of amendment. Pursuing toward
the rebel States a policy which had in it no
vengeance, and so presenting to the world the
remarkable spectacle of a Government suffer-
ing the greatest rebellion, with the greatest
sacrifice of life and property, and with the least
attempt at punishment of crime. Congress has
continued the same policy toward the Ex-
ecutive.
But the Presidenthas only become more and
more set and fixed in his purpose. Instead of re-
sponding to forbearance, he has only been em-
boldened by it to more violence of action, until
now he has undertaken openly to set aside laws
of the-United States under the pretense of a
desire to test their constitutionality. Failing
in his attempts to construe, he claims to abro-
gate by virtue of his position as President of
the United States.
But the President has no more right than
other citizens of the Republic to violate a law
of the land. His oafh of office to "preserve,
protect, and defend the Constitution" is of no
more scope than that taken by every office-
holder in the United States to "support the
Constitution." You cannot "preserve, pro-
tect, and defend" without "supporting," and
if you fail to " support" you certainly tail "to
preserve, protect, and defend." The duty im-
posed by either oath is the same; and the jus-
tice of the peace who has taken the official oath
to "support the Constitution of the United
States" may as well claim immunity from the
laws because he believes them unconstitutional
as the President. There is one law for all, the
rich and the poor, the high and the low.
And the new plea that he violates to test the
question of unconstitutionality, and therefore
is not criminal, is equally unsound. It of itself
shows an intention to violate, and that is all
that is necessary to make out the crime.
It is no new plea. During the war we had
just §uch propositions in relation to the enroll-
ment'law. It was alleged to be unconstitu-
tional, and it was .claimed that Mr. Lincoln
should allow that question to be tested before
it was enforced. The mob in New York was
egged on in its mission of destruction with the
claim that the enrollment law was unconstitu-
tional and should be tested. The southern
States seceded  nder claim of constitutional
right. They desired to test the question of the
constitutionality of secession, and they did.
And any citizen of this country is at liberty
to do the same thing. The only penalty that
attaches is the penalty of the law. If he vio-
lates the law he must take what follows thereon.
If he be part of a mob testing the question of
constitutionality, he is liable to be shot down
by the officers of justice or subsequently pun-
ished. If he be part of an army aiding States
to test the question.of the constitutionality of
secession he must triumph or fail according to
the fortunes of war. And if he be the President
of the United States he must be dealt with
according to the magnitude of the offense, and
impeached and removed if the House of Rep-
resentatives and Senate concur in thinking lit
to do so.
In this case no one can presume him inno-
cent of offense. The removal of Stanton and
the appointment of Thomas is but part of a
series of offenses in support of his great usurp-
ation. It is the culmination of misdemeanors.
It is the keystone of a whole arch of wrong
doing. He would make his control of the
Government complete. He would have his
own creatures near him not to execute the laws,
but to further his personal desires.
He would have no intervention between his
own will and the power and Treasury of the
Government. And so a faithful officer is re-
moved, and a worn-out, imbecile old man
selected to take charge of an important De-
partment. The current history of the Admin-
istration connects the whole together, and so
they must go into history.
The amendment proposed, or rather the
additional article proposed, is necessary by
way of spreading out on the record the pur-
poses and designs of this man at the head of
the Government, and by the light of it we read
the criminality of his official acts. I would
rather it should have included the principal
transactions of his Administration that I have
so hastily sketched; but I forbear to press any
further amendment for that object, because
the country is anxious to have an end of these
proceedings.
1 have voted against impeachment, but only
for prudential considerations. Believing him
guilty of high misdemeanors within the scope
and meaning of the Constitution, I yet forbore
by my vote to bring him to trial because of
possible damage to the industrial interests of
the country. It seemed to me better to " bear
the ills we have than fly to those we know not
of." I never believed it necessary to find an
indictable offense in" order to get a cause for
impeachment. Small crimes against the indi-
vidual are indictable, and great offenses against
the State are not. It is indictable to steal a
chickcn, biit not to usurp the powers of a
State.
Sir, we ought not longer to delay. The
highest interests of the Government demand
immediate action. The offense is clearly made
out. The law is plain. " The remedy should
be applied at once. r And Whatever hesitation
I may have' had heretofore, I am now" satisfied
that the business and material interests of the
country will be immensely benefited by ener-
getic action. The perverse action of Mr. John-
son has cost this nations thousands of lives
and millions of money, and it will continue to
bo of immense injury. Every" day's delaypro-
traets business, uneasiness, and adds to the
intolerant and cruel abuse of loyal men in the
rebel States. Both sections of the Union are
looking to us for relief. They have a right to
demand of us a determined exercise of consti-
tutional power. By impeachment only can
the contest be ended. Impeachment is peace.
Impeachment is reconstruction. It insures
prosperity and relief to our burdened tax-pay-
ers. ■ If it makes a martyr for the «se of the
Democracy they are welcome to him. He lias
in him the poorest stuff that ever martyr was
made of. Let him be removed as soon as the
forms of law will allow, and the whole country
will rejoice!
Impeaclimcnt.
SPEECH OP HON. SIDNEY PERHAM,
01? maine,
In the House of Representatives,
March 2, 1868,
On tho articles of impeachment reported from the
committee.
Mr. PERHAM. Mr. Chairman, wo are to-
day summoned to one of the most important
duties that, falls to the lot of the American
House of Representatives to discharge. The
President of the United States has been charged
with high crimes and misdemeanors in office,
which, by the law of the country, should the
charges be sustained .before the high court au-
thorized by the Constitution to try the issue,
would result in liis removal from office. This
is no ordinary occasion. Never before in the
history of the country has the President been
arraigned to answer to articles of impeach-
ment, and we devoutly hope such an occasion
may never arise again. It is no occasion for
the partisan, but for the impartial exercise of
a solemn and important duty.
I do not propose to make an argument on
the legal questions involved in the subject
before us. That has been ably done by others
who have preceded me in this debate. I shall
content myself with a brief statement of some
of the facts in the case and the law appertain-
ing thereto. And here it is well to remember,
what some people seem to overlook, that the
President has no authority beyond that of the
humblest citizen, except such as is conferred
by the Constitution and laws. His powers are
all subject to the limitations and restrictions of
law. By the Constitution the judiciary power
is " vested in the Supreme Court and such other
inferior courts as Congress shall establish."
The President is the executor, not the^ ex-
pounder, of the law, and has no right to disre-
gard it because it does not meet his approba-
tion. No position in this country is so high
as to authorize its occupant to substitute his
own will for the law or to violate its demands
with impunity. When the tenure-of-office act
became a law by a vote of two thirds of both
Houses of Congress it was a law to him just
as much as if he had given it his approval, and
he had no discretion except to execute it.
With remarkable foresight the fraraers of the
Constitution guarded against the power of the
President to make his own will the law, and
appoint important officers without the consent
of the Senate. If they had foreseen distinctly
just the present state of tkings they could not
have expressed their intention to make the
