3800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
one dollars and seventy-five cents. In all these
cases I have given the average prices of the
years and mouths mentioned. They may be
found in the appendix to the finance report of
the Treasury tor the year 1863. Is there no
necessity, no justice, in putting up some de-
fense against " the large capital" that thus lies
in wait to spring upon us in our time of exposure
to these murderous assaults ? Observe, accord-
ing to the parliamentary committee, neither
cheap labor, abundance of raw material, nor
skilled labor are any defense, as they certainly
would be in fair competition. The large and
cheap capital which can afford to await its
opportunity and is sure by its successes to repair
all losses, is the advantage of the foe. It is
not even-handed competition that we have to
fear, but domination from the vantage ground
of capital which we cannot match.
_ Free trade, if it had any principle of justice
1,1 a' least put itself in the previous
condition of a free field's fair play and an even
chance. But it has neither soul nor sense.
A more plausible and harder pressed point
than all others against protection in the form
which it necessarily presents, is the cry of'' class
legislation," or the fostering care of manufac-
tures, or the apparent overtopping and exclu-
sion of mercantile and agricultural interests.
This is one of the troubles of protection in pop-
ular apprehension. One of them, for its gen-
eral trouble is that it requires to be understood;
while free trade, its antagonist, requires neither
knowledge of affairs, the history of national
experience, nor any accommodation of general
principles to the conditions which should mod-
ify their application. It means just the same
thing to school girls, old ladies, and dyspeptic
professors of logic that it does to its most elab-
orate propagandists. Protection puts restraint
upon the wild liberty of international trade,
and all the instincts of rebellion, revolution,
and lawlessness are instantly in arms against it.
A fashionable lady feels outraged at the very
notion of having her traveling trunk searched,
and of course decides that smuggling is merely
"malumprohibitum," whose only evil effect is
in its detection ; and all those progressives who
are in general "forliberty andagainstthe Gov-
ernment'1 take the restrictions upon commerce
to be a part of their dear, distinguishing martyr-
dom. Oh, my dear air, the principles of free
trade can ail be written upon a thumb-paper,
and any fool may have them always at his fin-
ger ends. That is their advantage, with the
further help of the immediate interest of large
classes to recommend them. Those classes are
no less in number and power than, first, all
capitalists of the commercial nation whose
gains are in proportion to the supremacy they
can obtain and hold over the countries less
advanced in manufacturing power. Second,
all the salaried officials, annuitants, and money
lords, who are of the unproductive class, and
are rich exactly in proportion to the poverty
of the industrials of their own country, men
who would have all commodities which they
consume cheap, and the money they hold pro-
portionately dear; and, third, all the poets and
prattlers and peddlers of political economy
that can be fooled or suborned into the service
of universal levelers of labor-wages to the
grade of the lowest among the nations. More-
over, these preachers of fustian have the super-
ficial ad captandum advantage of the catching
phrase of freedom, progressiveness, liberalism,
natural law, and the countersigning cries of
every man s right to the enjoyment of his own
productions; the right to sell and buy where
he pleases, with the chance of selling dear and
buying cheap in ail the open market-places of
the earth. All of which means only a free
scramble for the monopoly of trade by those
who pay the lowest wages to the artificers of
all commodities; by those that have the largest
capital at the cheapest rate; by those who, being
earlier and better provided with the means and
appliances of converting skill, claim the right,
as they have the power, of excluding all poorer
and later strivers from entering the field of
competition with any chance of success; or, in
one word, as all wealth is the product of labor,
it means substantially that the wages of labor
and the profits of capital shall everywhere be
reduced to the lowest rates that can be com-
pelled anywhere else.
Mr. Speaker, when this doctrine of free
trade is leveled down to its solid substance,
when all its bubbles are exploded, its froth
skimmed off, and its flutter quieted, it stands
on its legs, just nothing but pauper wages, pri-
mogeniture of capital and skill, and industrial
vassalage to every grade of advantages, below
the highest, the oldest, and the most tyran-
nical.
But this objection of class legislation: first,
it happens generally, and with us especially,
that agriculture needs no defense against for-
eign rivalry. The abundance and cheapness
of our provisions and of the raw material of
manufactures requires no defense against the
like products of transatlantic countries, and
from the laws of climate only, in a very few
particulars, against the products of the con-
tiguous countries north and south of us. Where
ever these are exposed to the mischief of inter-
ferencefrom abroad, however, the principle of
protection embraces them, and they are thus
left without any ground of complaint of par-
tiality in legislative protection. The posses-
sion of a fertile soil, and a universal variety of
its products naturally protected by the bulk
of the rival commodities and consequent cost
of carriage through great distances, is the real
reason why they scarcely appear among the
products of industry claiming protection from
foreign rivalry in the home market; for, as we
have said, protection is nothing else, more or
less, than simply defense against foreign inva-
sion ; and it is therefore apparent that the corn
and pork of Illinois are as safe, and even more
so, from foreign competition than the daily
newspapers of New York and Philadelphia.
If protection seems to be mainly occupied
with the products of manufacturing and me-
chanical skill, it is because that this, the prin-
cipal, almost the entire field of the strife, is
among the nations for mastery upon the part
of the older and stronger, and defense on the
part of the younger and weaker. For this
reason manufactures hold the front rank, and
apparently the exclusive regards of the friends
of industrial liberty and independence.
But this charge of class legislation exploded
as a logical proposition, turns practical, and
alleges that all increased cost of foreign com-
modities and of the domestic supply thus fos-
tered is for the exclusive benefit of the manu-
facturing interest, a bonus or bounty to it, and
an equal burden upon the consumer.
Here, in the first place, the free-trader for-
gets his fundamental proposition, that compe-
tition is the regulator of prices, and, of course,
does not see that no domestic production fairly
secured can possibly be made to yield a larger
profit to the men engaged in it, either as capi-
talists or workmen, than any other investment
or occupation which offer themselves to the
enterprise of the country ; for on their show-
ing, and better than by their concession, under
a true and operative principle of business,
capital and enterprise always seek the highest
remuneration, and so bring all business down
to the level of uniform profits. Where, then,
is the bounty, the bonus, resulting from pro-
tective duties against foreign products, when
domestic competition is thus sure to level prof-
its in the most favored occupation to the com-
mon standard of all ?
On the plainest principle of logic and the
clearest experience of fact, the bonus or bounty
charge is a feebly-false accusation; and being
so, and necessarily so, the complaint of a
temporary increase of prices as the result of
protective duties must take another aspect and
find a different responsibility than that of the
' class" of the community charged with it,
7c^ass? by the by, embraces at least one
half of the contributing numbers to the common
stock of the nation's industrial welfare, and
whose prosperity may therefore be a matter
of much concern to the other half. A. paralysis
of one half the body politiccan scarcely be less
embarrassing to the whole community than a
palsy of one whole side of the body to a single
individual.
I am inclined to think, sir, that if this cow-
ardly assault upon "the elass" were explained
to mean just what it must mean in the ett'eetfor
which it is used, the croakers would find them-
selves directly confronted by the majority of
the people. I do not admit that there is any
such class, distinctive, hostile, or separate in
object or interest. I look upon the entire pro-
ductive community as an organism in which
there are many functions, but all tributary to
the well being of the whole, or all uniting in
one body, without even independence of each
other, much less disagreement or real differ-
ence of interests. If the enemy will have a
census of what they must mean by "the class"
which protection favors, they will find it, in its
varied ramifications, too large to bo encoun-
tered with either justice or safety.
The charge of undue favoritism thus finds a
broader and a much less unpopular pet than
the numerically few mill-owners and boss man-
ufacturers of the country ; nay, it really falls
further back than the whole body of its repre-
sentatives ; it falls upon the community en
masse for the fault that it is young, weak,
poor, and unskilled relatively to the antagonist
against whom it claims protection.
If the "class" canuotproduce as cheap com-
modities ; if the laborers will not work at as
low wages; if capital is worth higher raies of
interest than in the older countries of Europe,
then this favoring legislation is a question for
the nation, not for its manufacturing capitalists,
to meet and answer. And the question simply
amounts to this: Will you, for a brief period,
pay a premium upon your own industry or
permit it to be subordinated to that of all the
world abroad, whose barbarism and pauperism
in labor and supremacy of wealth and dis-
cipline demand your perpetual dependency?
Will you suffer yourselves to be remitted to a
uniform condition of unskilled labor, with
your whole population struggling against each
other, or will you, at the required cost, favor
that distribution of occupations which will
make you among yourselves mutually assistant
and against all foreign rivalry, nationally and
integrally independent?
_ But I will not any longer discuss these ques-
tions as matters of abstract principle. 1 will
fall back upon the demonstration which my
own State affords of a sound system of indus-
trial economy, and leave the inferences from
her history and condition to indicate their
application to the conduct and policy of the
entire Union, of whose varied interests she is
an exampkr and representative.
According to the census of 18C0 Pennsyl-
vania had nine and a quarter per cent, of the
population of the Union, having increased
twenty-five and seventy-one hundredths per
cent, in the decade; while the six New Eng-
land States had a minute fraction less than ten
per cent, of the national population, having
grown but fifteen per ceut. in the decade. The
wealth of Pennsylvania was just ten per cent,
of that of the Union, having increased ninety-
six and five hundredths per cent, in thedecade,
while New England held thirteen and two hun-
dredths per cent. ofthe wealth, with ait increase
of only sixty-five and two hundredths per cent,
m the decade. The manufactures of the last
census year in Pennsylvania are reported at
fifteen and three hundredths per cent,, of the
whole, while those of the New England States
reached twenty-four and eight hundredths per
cent, of the total of the Union.
I quote these particulars for the purpose of
remarking that while the aggregate personal
and real property of Pennsylvania was about"
four hundred and forty-seven millions short of
thatof New England, in 1860, it had been grow-
ing faster in the decade as ninety-six is to
sixty-five, or one half faster; and for the pur-
pose of noticing some things in thecouditionaad
character of her varied industries which have
not been generally considered or understood.
