i86a
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3109
equal to two hundred a d eighteen percent.)
or an average yearly Increase of forty-four per
cent. He has rented his other farm for $3 50 per
acre. After paying State and municipal taxes
his farm has yielded him $000 per year. Sup-
pose he received his rent semi-annually and
invested it as before at ten per cent., he
would realize at the end of five years $5,494.
He offers tt sell the farm for $12,800 in green-
backs. This, added to the earnings, makes a
total of $18.294. He valued the farm at
$10,000. Deducting this from present value,
with proceeds added, leaves as net gain in five
years $8,294, equal to eighty-three per cent.,
or an average yearly increase of sixteen and
one half per cent. The farming of his bonds
has paid him two and a half times as much as
farming his lands. He was formerly regarded
as a plain, practical man, but now he is a
'■patriotic capitalist," who came forward and
generously aided the Government in its ex-
tremity by investing in her bonds; and this is
the testimony of an honest bond-holder. This
actual case illustrates the whole subject, and
shows how unjust is the claim of the bond-
holder that he should be paid in gold for the
bonds which cost him only fifty cents on a dol-
lar. And this unreasonable and unjust claim
finds able advocates in this House, who talk
eloquently about bad faith, depreciated cur-
rency, and irredeemable paper money.
We disclaim in the most solemn form any
wish or desire to do injustice to the holder of
a United States bond, whether on this or the
other side of the ocean. It is no act of unfair-
ness or of arbitrary power to require him to
receive what every other creditor of the Gov-
ernment must receive in payment of his claims.
We are told that with the proceeds of these
bonds our soldiers were fed, clothed, and paid.
Yes, Mr. Chairman, the soldier received his
thirteen dollars per month in this paper which
was declared to be money bv the law-making
power, although it was worth only fifty cents
on the dollar, coin being the standard. Now,
the proposition of the bond-holders' repre-
sentative is to pay him (the bond-holder) the
other fifty cents and require the returned sol-
dier to work upon the farm, in the shop or
manufactory, to make the payment. You re-
quired the soldier to sign the receipt-rolls for
thirteen dollars when you paid him only $6 50,
and now you propose to pay the patriotic capi-
talist thirteen dollars, who generously furnished
$6 50 to the soldier and tax the industries of
the country to meet the demand.
To make their argument irrefutable, honor-
able gentlemen quote from learned writers in
every age their definitions of money ; that the
only money known to the civilized world is
gold and silver; that exchequer bills, legal
tenders, and greenbacks are in no sense money,
but only promises to pay money. When did
learned Senators consult Locke and Harris
and Huskinson and a host of other writers on
the nature and uses of money ? Was it before
they declared greenbacks money, and receiv-
able as money in payment of all debts, public
and private? Was it contemporaneous with
the decisions of our courts that State, county,
city, and railroad bonds, and even private con-
tracts, pavable by their terras in gold, were
discharged by a payment in legal-tender notes ?
Or was this discovery made after our soldiers
had received it as money and after capitalists
had invested thera in bonds for the payment
of money? It matters little what European
philosophers declared to be money.
Our Constitution gives to Congress the exclu-
sive power to coin money ana regulate the
value thereof, and expressly denies to any
State the right to coin money, emit bills of
credit, or make anything but gold and silver
coin a tender for the payment of debts. These
are attributes of sovereignty and belong exclu-
sively to the representatives of the whole peo-
ple. At one time and in. one country silver
coin was the only money; at another time and
in another country gold, and again gold and
silver. Locke (from whom a distinguished
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 24.
Senator quotes with- so much apparent satis
faction) declared that gold and silver were the
true and only metals to be used for this pur-
pose because of their "intrinsic value.'' The
fact is, these metals have no intrinsic value
compared with iron or copper, and but for
their general appropriation to this use would
ouly be used for manufacturing ornaments.
They were selected because of their supposed
scarcity, and less liable, therefore, to fluc-
tuate in quantity.
The value of money has no relation to or
dependence upon the material of which it is
made. If it has the properties or powers of
representing, measuring, and exchanging value
it is money, and these properties or powers are
not inherent in any substance, but are conferred
upon any chosen material by the sovereign
power.
In an hour of great national peril, when there
was not coin enough, or if enough to meet the
momentous emergencies of the hour it could
not be procured, the Congress of the United
States, with the concurrence of the Executive,
imparted to pieces of paper, by certain specific
stamps, vignettes, signatures, and figures, all
the powers of money, and made them a legal
tender for the payment of debts, even those con-
tracted to be paid in coirt. I have no reflec-
tions to make on the wisdom of their action.
I leave that to the Secretary of the Treasury.
The greenback, as it has been denominated,
was an invaluable expedient, backing our boys
in blue and covering their backs at the same
time. It served our purpose well and will serve
us still if permitted. It helped us through one
danger and will bear ub triumphantly through
another unless the cupidity of bankers, bond-
holders, and shoddy contractors shall triumph
over the industrial and tax-paying classes of
our people. We know its strength, power,
virtue, and its universal acceptability. We
know that our country is yet very far from
being out of the wilderness and in the open
plain. She has yet to encounter the swamps
and quagmires of an immense debt, a rotten
revenue system, and an exhausted and over-
burdened people.
We find gentlemen anxious to get rid of that
which has served us so well. We are told that
the mightiest of all evils will result from our
policy. It fastens on the country an irre-
deemable paper currency. It postpones the
day of specie payments, the day of " hard
money1'—hard money the idol of the Demo-
cratic heart. It is a strange spectacle to see
men who have always contended against reduc-
ing the country to a hard money standard now
advocating it with so much vigor. Why this
sudden conversion to old Democratic theories?
Why all this haste to get back to specie pay-
ments? It is to prevent the Government from
paying back to the bond-holders the same kind
of money (only greatly appreciated in value)
which they paid for their bonds, which causes
such an intense desire to have greenbacks put
out of the way; aud these are they who are
urging contraction and the immediate resump-
tion of specie payment. They would even be
willing to increase the national bank currency,
if desired, to the full volume of the legal
tenders, because this currency is not a legal
tender and if greenbacks were called in and
canceled there would be no lawful money but
gold and silver, and their bond investments
would be redeemable only in coin. This is the
policy which is now paralyzing the energies of
the country, and which will bring good to none
except the numerically small but pecuniarily
powerful interest that is exerting all its power
to accomplish its selfish purposes.
Whatever may be Secretary McCulloch's
designs against the Republican Congress which
he denominated'' & bogus body of constitutional
tinkers," it is quite certaiu that he could have
suggested nothing to more effectually use up the
Republican party than these financial measures
he has advocated and to which Congress has
even a too willing ear. I hope and trust that
ongress will not longer heed the counsels of
its enemies, feat inaugurate a policy more con*
sistent with justice and sound principles.
But we are asked, why bring up this question
now? Why not wait until our bonds are pay-
able, and then there will be no question, as legal-
tender notes and gold will be of the same com-
mercial value. " Sufficient unto the day is the
evil thereof." To this I answer that the un-
equal method of taxation is (Crushing the indus-
trial interests of the country to pay the current
expenses of the Government and the coin in-
terest ou so large a debt. And as there are
now bonds amounting to $515,000,000 redeem-
able, and others will be at no distant day, they
should be converted into a non-interest, bear-
ing debt, and to the utmost possible extent
relieve the people of the onerous taxation under
whHih they are now groaning.
Again, Mr. Chairman, there is not a suffi-
cient supply of currency to transact the legiti-
mate business of the country, to say nothing
of the imperative demands of tax-gatherers.
Our minister of finance gravely assures us
that our circulation is quite too large, and
that if health and vigor are to be imparted
there must be still greater contraction. Some
of the old bankers are like the old style physi-
cians, who bled and blistered for every form of
j disease, and drew off the vital fluid that the
body might be invigorated. In my poor judg-
ment phlebotomy has been carried too far
already by our financial doctors. I would not
only stop bleeding, bat I would remove the
national bank blisters from our body politic.
I venture the opinion that there is a great
deficiency in the volume of currency. In no
country in the world is the supply so small
when compared with the commerce and the
various enterprises requiring money. England,
according to the mpst judicious estimates, has
twenty-five dollars per head for her inhab-
itants, France has thirty, while we have about
thirteen dollars. Estimating greenbacks at
$370,000,000, and national bank notes at $300,>■
000,000, our total volume is $670,000,000. Of
this sum it may be' fairly presumed there is
always in the Treasury or in the banks, and
not therefore available as a circulation, $170,-
000,000, which leaves only $500,000,000 with
which to conduct the commerce of forty mil-
lion people scattered over a continent. And
where is this small amount of circulation?
Little New England has more than one fourth
of it! With about one twelfth of the popula-
tion she has one third of the national bank
monopoly. Ohio, Indiana^ and Illinois, with
a population more than twice as great as New
England have bat little more than one third
her money circulation; and the vast empire
south of the Potomac and.Ohio and west of
the Mississippi, containing two ^fifths of our
entire population has been allowed one ninth
interest in the gigantic bank scheme. The
city of Boston, having about one half the popu-
lation of Cincinnati has ten times her money
facilities, the former having $40,000,000 of
national bank capital and the latter$4,000,000.
Even Philadelphia, the second city in the
Union in population, wealth, commerce, man-
ufactures; and enterprise, fotir tiwes as large
as Boston, has less than' half the interest of
the latter in the great monopoly. Have
Boston and New England too much money?
I have heard of no such complaint. If not,
how roust it be with thirty States and Territo-
ries with a population four times as great with
less than one third her circulation ?
The great State of Tennessee, impoverished
by war, her railroads dilapidated, her farms
laid waste, without stock, without implements
of hnsbandry, everji industrial interest pros-
trated, having before the war $15,000,000 of
bank capital, has now just $1,000,000. Ten-
nessee needs money and she cannot get it,
even in New England, unless at an interest of
two orthree per cent, a month, with first-class
mortgage security. This nation needs her
assistance in paying the interest and principal
of our debt Would it not be a wise policy to
lend to the State of Tennessee $10,000,000 of
