1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3801
Iron and coal have been so conspicuous in
her products, relatively to those of the other
States, that they are commonly thought of as
almost her sole reliance, Yet in the year 1860
(or rather 1859) the valu<5 of all her cast,
forged, rolled, and wrought iron wasbutthirty
per cent, of all the product of the Union;
together they were valued at twenty-two and a
quarter millions, or only seven and two-third
hundredths of her manufactures. Now, recol-
lecting that her wealth was but ten hundredths
of that of the nation, itmay be news to some of
us that her woolen and cotton goods were twelve
and one third per cent, of the product of the na-
tion, and came within less than two millions of
the value of her iron ; that her boots, shoes, and
clothing reached beyond her iron in value;
that her leather and harness almost equaled
it; her flour and meal greatly exceeded ; her
sawed lumber was worth half as much; and
her steam engines, carriages, wagons, and agri-
cultural implements were again nearly equal
in value to her whole iron product. Here,
then, we have five several branches of manu-
factures, each yielding as much value in prod-
ucts per annum as her distinguishing staple
product, iron; and another, sawed lumber,
worth nearly half as much.
How broad is the range, how wide the diver-
sity that reaches from the rahk of the highest
styles of modern manufactures back to the
rudest products of the forest, and all of them
nearly equal in commercial value and import-
ance.
In agriculture she produces wheat enough
to feed her population at the liberal rate of
five bushels per head per annum; her Indian
corn suffices for her wants; in slaughtered
animals she stood fourth in rank among the
States most distinguished for their herds and
flocks; and in value of farming implements
aud machinery, which may be taken to indi-
cate her agricultural grade, she stood second
only to New York, whose greater wealth and
v larger territory will account, for her larger
value in this kind. Another proof that pro-
portion is well maintained between the agri-
cultural and the manufacturing industries of
the State is that just as her aggregate wealth
is to that of the nation, so the cash value of
her farms bore the ratio of ten per cent, to the
whole, greatly exceeding the value in this
respect of the States that are purely agricul-
tural ; a farming State, ranking with the high-
est of those of the sister States, and at the
same time on a level with the oldest and
wealthiest, who have made converting skill the
absorbing object of their productive industry.
In foreign commerce Pennsylvania makes
no pretense to rank with New Yoi'k or New
England. Her wealth is otherwise, and every
way better-wise, devoted and employed. In
the commerce of home—of the vicinity—in
the exchange that loyally yields all its benefits
to the common country, she is behind none in
the nation. In proof: of the railroads of the
country, reported now at thirty-six thousand
eight hundred and ninety-six miles, she has
four thousand and thirty-seven miles, at a cost
of over two hundred and ten million dollars,
or nearly fourteen per cent, of the cost of the
roads of the nation, and sixty millions more
than New York, larger in territory, greatly
excelling her in wealth, but behind her as
greatly in the means and provisions of internal
commerce.
May not a State thus balanced in the various
departments of industry, thus reconciling the
supposed antagonisms of trade, manufactures,
aud agriculture within her own limits, assume
to speak for them all when they are all to be
considered and provided for.
I have produced this great diversity of
industrial interests and pursuits in the Key-
stone State to show that her policy must neces-
sarily be impartial as between those branches
of production which modern doctrines of polit-
ical economy so industriously array as inimical
to each other, and thus to fortify the authority
of her policy and example in the legislative
treatment of every one of them. And now I
invite attention to a different analysis of those
six or seven branches of production, and the
system of internal transportation which they
have called into existence in the joint service
of all, from that which a mere statement of
their relative market value presents. We have
found at least five classes of manufactures
equal to the iron product of the State in annual
money value ; we have found the agricultural
product fairly up to the highest standard in
the States most favorable to its prosperity ; and
we have found the machinery of trade and
transportation at the very highest figure. Now,
let us inquire the reason at once of thi3 great
relative and absolute development of the State's
industry, and of the happy proportion between
these comprehensively developed enterprises
of capital and labor.
As I have in this inquiry constantly avoided
the metaphysics of statistics, I shall not now
indulge in speculation, though the point sub-
mitted strongly invites a logical scrutiny of the
principles involved. I will treat it by analogy,
using a universally accepted pattern of indus-
trial experience as an exemplar. In so doing
I shall have the clear light of a well proved
experience thrown upon the phenomena of
Pennsylvania's condition, and shall make bold
to assume for it the philosophy which has
written itself out in the facts of a kindred case.
England is accustomed to credit her suprem-
acy in manufactures of every kind to the pos-
session and development of her iron and coal.
Pennsylvania compares with her closely in this
primary condition of industrial development.
Curiously enough the exports of the (Juited
Kingdom in 18G5, if they may be taken to
indicate the rates of its productions, show a
striking resemblance in the proportion of iron
and steel and their manufactures to the total of
the manufactures of both countries of the Uni-
ted Kingdom. This great staple and foundation
product, which is believed to support and rule
her other industries, amounted to no more
than eight and one tenth per cent, of the total
of British and Irish exports ; while in Pennsyl-
vania, as we have seen, the iron product was
just seven and two thirds per cent, of the value
of' her total manufactures. The total British
and Irish exports of 1865 were eight hundred
and four million dollars ; the iron and steel,
&c., were sixty-five million two hundred and
thirty-nine thousand five hundred and eight
dollars and eight cents. Products of Penn-
sylvania in 18(50 were two hundred and ninety
million one hundred and twenty-one thousand
one hundred and eighty-eight dollars; her
iron, twenty-two million two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.*
Opinion, however, both among experts in
industrial statistics and all ordinarily intelligent
observers, unites in carrying the mainspring of
a generally diversified and prosperous system
of production back of the supply and yield of
native iron. English authorities are accus-
tomed to say of the coal beds which underlie
so large a portion of the kingdomthat they are
vastly more precious than mines of the pre-
cious metals, like those of Peru and Mex-
ico, would have been ; that it is the possession
Money value of some of the productions of Pennsyl-
vania for i&>y.
Iron of all kinds $22,500,000
Coal, anthracite and bituminous  24,000,00!)
Woolen and cotton goods  20,6S7,05t>
Boots shoes, and clothing  22,8;;i),742
Leather and harness    17,000,000
Flour and meal  29,925,573
Kawed lumber  10,743,752
Steam engines, carriages, wagons, and ag-
ricultural implements  19,404,403
The production of iron and coal has increased very
rapidly since 1859. Over thirteen million tons of
anthracite coal alone will bo mined in 18G8, at an
average cost, including rent and lateral tolls, of two
dollars per ton. It is not now bringing the cost of
production in a market that cannot do without it,
and its gross value at the '* headof navigation" may,
therefore, bo put at $25,000,000.
Much interesting and valuable statistical inform-
ation compiled from the publications of that distin-
guished and most indefatigable journalist, Benjamin
Bannan, esq., of the Pottsville Miner's Journal, has
been omitted, in order that it may bo introduced in
an argument relating to additional railway commu-
nications with the anthracite eoal fields.
of her coal mines which has rendered Britain
in relation to the whole world what a city is to
the rural district which surrounds it—the pur-
chaser and dispenser of the various products
of art and industry. Here, as in the propor-
tion of the value of England's iron to her total
manufactures, which we found to be eight per
cent., very closely corresponds to that of
Pennsylvania, which was seven and two thirds
per cent, of her manufactures in 1860, and
probably bears that ratio under all subsequent
increase. So in the production of coal. Great
Britain in 1867 mined one hundred and one
million tons of coal, worth fifty million pounds
sterling, which is as near as may be to seven
per cent, of the total value of her industrial
production in the year, which her own statis-
ticians put at about seven hundred and twenty
million pounds. The value of the eoal mined
in Pennsylvania in 1867, amountingto eighteen
and three quarter million tons, had a gold value,
according to the rate of prices in I860, of
twenty^three and a half million dollars, which
is within a trifle of seven per cent, of the total
industrial production of the State at the like
rate of prices.
I do not think that the aggregate value of
all the industries of either Great Britain or of
any one or all the States of this Union is even
approximately given by the exports of either
country; but I believe it safe to say that the
errors in each are so nearly equal that the
ratio here taken may be relied upon. What
there is in coal and iron which should thus be
the exponent, and probably the cause, of the
other industries of a nation favorably situated
for their development need not be argued. It
is enough that they are found in the constant
connection of which Great Britain and the
State of Pennsylvania exhibit such striking
examples of concurrence. There is one feature
in them, however, that looks as if it might go
far to account for the fact that they thus serve
as bases for the greatest variety and the largest
extent of all manufactures. It is this: their
products, from the rudest to the very highest
powers which human skill can bestow upon
them, have nearly their whole value made up
of wages, of the earnings of those sorts of
labor and skill which would be utterly wasted
if not employed upon them ; so that their great
value in the market is created from nothing
except the minds and muscles that were other-
wise useless, or worse than useless, to the pub-
lic weal. And, from this other consideration,
that while the fabrics of the vegetable and
animal world go forthwith into consumption:
those of coal and iron are together the chief
of those stupendous agencies which are con-
cerned in reproduction of values, and that
without them the other artificial labor in the
workshops of the race, water, either liquid or
in vapor, would scarcely suffice for the ser-
vices even of savage life.
I may not detain the House upon a theme
so much fitter, and so well fitted withal, for a
philosophical essay, even in sufficient detail
to impress its prominent features and capti-
vating beauty. I cannot venture upon the
patience of an audience even for the purpose
of ai-raying the points which 1 have made in
their most effective order. I submit them for
their suggestiveness to the minds of thought-
ful men. To my mind, though they are but a
few in the multitude of facts and principles
from which they are selected, they yet suffi-
ciently sustain the doctrine of protection to
the industry, capital, and enterprise upon which
our welfare now more than ever, at least more
immediately and imperatively than ever, de-
pends.
Permit me now to make a general applica-
tion of my argument to its purpose by quoting
the matured opinions of two of the most
eminent living statesmen of France. _ Count
de Morney, finance minister at the time the
Anglo-French treaty of 1860 was under nego-
tiation, said, "Protection is the route to free
trade." This one sentence is a summary of
all history in the matter of international com-
merce as it affects national welfare. Not a step
