1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1755
I was not aware of the existence of the paper
to which the Senator alludes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is not the
slightest objection to furnishing every item
which is expended under this appropriation;
it is all a matter of account. I did not feel
disposed to protract this matter, but I wished
to defend myself against what seemed to be
the impression of my friend from New York,
that I was sneering at economy and those who
professed economy. By no manner of means;
but I only meant to say that, so far as I was
individually concerned, I never had found it
necessary to my own defense among my own
constituents at home to talk about my regard
for economy; but they generally took that for
granted to a reasonable extent.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I want to say a word
in reply to the Senator from New York, if I
can get his attention. We have an item here
proposing an appropriation of moneys for the
contingent expenses of our legations abroad.
The Senator, in speaking upon it, states the
case of an outlay made by some dispatch
agent. What has that to do with the item?
Nothing in the world ; it is not covered by this
item ; it lias no relation to it. He refers to
the expenditure, 1 suppose, for Queen Emma,
of the Sandwich islands, made under the au-
thority of the State Department. What has
that to do with the question ? Nothing at all;
it is not covered by this item ; it has no rela-
tion to it. We are engaged upon an item of
an appropriation to cover the contingent ex-
penses of our foreign legations, and the Sen-
ator from New York, in making a speech
against voting the necessary amount of money
for that object, tells us that some dispatch
agent has been paid $8,000 or some other sum,
and that Queen Emma, of the Sandwich
islands, has had lier board bill paid at Wil-
lard's Hotel. These outlays have nothing to
do with the expenses of the foreign legations.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Allow me a moment.
This is a very curious coincidence. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, produces this
account and reads it for the purpose of proving
the necessity of appropriating this money,
showing where it went to. When I refer to the
account the Senator from Pennsylvania, who
is in league with the Senator from Massachu-
setts in carrying this appropriation, turns
around and brings me up because I do refer to
it, and says it has nothing whatever to do with
the item under consideration.
Mr. BUCKALEW. A single-word will dis-
pose of the explanation. The Senator from
Massachusetts read these facts as applicable to
another item immediately following the pres-
ent one in the bill, the question of " the con-
tingent expenses of foreign intercourse," quite
a different question, and has nothing to do
with the present motion or the amendment
upon which it is based, as it was reported to us
by the Committee on Appropriations.
The Senator from New York also says there
can be no great grievance in not voting enough
money in this item, because we can vote it in
a supplemental bill hereafter. What does he
propose? That when Mr. Adams makes up
his quarterly account for contingencies of
his legation, which is a separate and distinct
item, showing a balance in his favor of say
live hundred or one thousand dollars, and
draws a, bill upon that settled amount upon the
Secretary of State, he is to receive a note in
reply that there is no fund, and his draft is to
go to protest! The Senator from New York
will correct that when Congress reconvenes
by passing a supplementary appropriation bill.
Is that the way to carry on the Government?
Is that the way to do business? Is that the
way to preserve our dignity and the efficiency
of administration?
As I said before, this particular department
of outlay is one regulated by law. The settle-
ments are all made regularly; there is nothing
uncertain. Postage, the loss upon exchange,
and the other items to which I alluded before
are all that are included in this; and these
accounts will be made out and settled at the
State Department, and our foreign ministers
will draw their bills for the balance due them ;
and all that we have to do is, by a sufficient
appropriation of money, to authorize them to
be paid. On the other hand, the Senator from
New York, because his argument amounts to
nothing else, proposes that we shall allow
these drafts to go unpaid, and after they are
dishonored at some future time vote the money.
I do not think this is the proper way of doing
tausi n ess.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, _(Mr. Har-
lan in the chair.) The question is upon the
amendment proposed by the committee, on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The yeas and nays being taken on the
amendment (to reduce the item for contingent
expenses of all the foreign missions from
$50,000 to §20,000) it was agreed to—yeas 24,
nays 17 ; as follows :
YEAS—-Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Conness,
Corbott, Edmunds, F'cny, Grimes, Harlan, Hender-
son, McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morrill ol" V er-
inont, Norton, I'attci^on of Tennessee, Pomeroy,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Trum-
bulj, William.-, and Yates—24.
NAYS—-Messrs. Buekalew. Davis. Dixon, Fessen-
den, Frelinghuysen, llondricks, Howard, Howe,
Johnson, Morgan, Nye, Ramsey, ltoss, Sumner,
Van Winkle, Viekers, and Willey—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Catteli, Cragin, Doolittle, Drake, Fowler, Morton,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Saulsbury, Wade, and
Wilson—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. On the question just
taken I am paired with the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] who was obliged
to go out ol' the Chamber for a few minutes.
I should have voted "nay;" he would have
voted "yea."
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out in lines thirty-three, thirty-four,
and thirty-five the words—
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
$30,000: Provided, That this sum shall be expended
ior the purpose ot loreign intercourse only.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the meaning of
that proviso? I should like to hear an expla-
nation of it.
Mr. GRIMES. I shall vote to nonconcur
in the report of the committee, and thereby to
leave the amount of these two appropriations
to stand at what I understand they were in
1800, before the war.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ten thousand dollars
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know
from the eliairmaj what is the meaning or
purpose of the proviso ? Why is the proviso
put in ?
Mr. MORRTLL, of Maine. I suggest to the
honorable Senator, with due deference, that
it is obvious on the face of it. The appropria-
tion is for contingentexpensesof foreign inter-
course, and the proviso is that it shall be con-
fined to foreign intercourse.
Mr. JOHNSON. What I wanted to know
was -whether that sum has been appropriated
for any other purpose than foreign intercourse.
Mr. MOliRILL, of Maine. All I can say
in regard to that is, that we find this provision
sent to us by the House of Representatives,
and from it the inference was plain enough that
they were guarding against either present or
future suspected abuse. I would say from
what has been read here to-day that, perhaps,
it was to guard against a state of facts which
had been made obvious from the publication
of the expenditure of this contingent fund.
Mr. JOHNSON. What does appear? I
am asking for information. Does it appear
they have been applied to other purposes ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It appears by
the paper read by the Senator from New York
that some eight thousand dollars of this fund
was paid to one man for dispatch service in
one year. T do not know whether the House
was aware of that in acting on that particular
item.
Mr. JOHNSON. What struck me as not
altogether decorous in the House of Repre-
sentatives—my fiiend will pardon me for say-
ing so—is that they should by implication im-
peach a Department of the Government upon
anything but certain knowledge. I could not
suppose, unless the evidence was clear to'the
point, that the Department would have made
use of any of this fund for any other purpose
than that of foreign intercourse. If they have
done, it it is wrong.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee
striking out the clause which has been read.
The amendment was rejected.
The Secretary read the next amendment,
which was to strike out lines thirty-six and
thirty-seven, in the following words:
For expenses of intercourse with the Barbary
Powers, £3,000.
_Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask my
friend why that is struck out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The committee
had no information on that subject except
what is drawn from the general history of
legislation in regard to it.
.Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to call the at-
tention of my friend to the fact that in the ap-
propriation bill for 1801 he will find this
very item ; " Forexpenses of intercourse with
the Barbary Powers, $0,000;" and then again
in the appropriation bill for 1802 the same
item in precisely the same language.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, running
back to 1810, I think ; but the object of that
statute I do not believe any longer exists.
Mr. SUMNER. Has the Senator any in-
formation on the subject?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have some,
and I will state what it is. ft will he seen by
referring to the estimates that the act of 1810
is referred to as the authority for this appro-
priation, and it is entitled " An act fixing the
compensation of public ministers and of con-
suls residing on the coast of Barbary, and for
other purposes." There are no ministers (here
now I take it, but there are some consuls.
There are three consuls, one at Tangiers, one
at Tunis, and one at Tripoli, and they are paid
by fees. It will be seen what the nature of
this act was and what the object and scope of
the act was by reading its fourth section, which
provides:
"That it shall not be lawful for the consuls of the
United States residing on the Barbary coast, or either
of them, to expend, or to disburse or pay, or eausc to
be paid for any purpose or on any pretense what-
ever, not authorized by law, to any one of the l>ai-
bary Powers, or to the officers or subjects thereof, a
greater sum than $3,000 in any one year, with intent
to chargo the United States with the same,.without
first obtaining a. special approbation in writing from
the President of the United States for that purpose."
Those contingent expenses contemplated by
the fourth scction, it will be seen, were to pa-
cificate the Barbary Powers in some way. A
state oflhings may have existed in lSlOwhich
rendered that necessary; but I ask the Senator
from Massachusetts whether he believes, at the
present moment with three consuls in that
country, that state of things exists which ren-
ders it necessary that we should paeilieate those
Power's.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I would say jnst
this: I would inquire at the proper Depart-
ment and ascertain the facts. I would have
the items of the expenditure during the last
year, and then I would undertake to judge
whether it was necessary to continue the ap-
propriation. And here, again, I remark, as I
did before, that the Senator seems to be strik-
ing in the dark. He finds this appropriation,
which has in its favor more than a generation,
two generations, and he strikes at it. Now, if
ho gives a reason, if after examining the items
of the appropriation he finds that it ought not
to be made, then I should gladly follow him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My answer is
that if it has stood as an abuse for genera-
tions, it is high time the abuse was corrected.
The committee had no special evidence on the
subject; but so far as there is any authority
for this appropriation, and this statute is the
authority referred to in the estimates 
