1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371
he is going to tighten or loosen the screws. Is
not tnis a splendid position for this great
country? Its business, its interests, and the
very value of its property to go up or down as
the caprices of Hugh McCulloch may dictate
or the mysterious power of the national bank-
ers may order. This policy will give a feeling
of stability where all is now unstable, cer-
tainty instead of doubt, and security instead
of fear and apprehension. It will restore con-
fidence, the most vital element in trade—eonfi-
dence in the present and confidence in the
future. It will forever silence every doubt as
to the full and complete performance of every
contract of the Government with its creditors,
and thereby establish the public credit both at
home and abroad upon a foundation it has not
yet had. Does any man really suppose that
the people of England, France, or Germany
expect that our bonded debt will be paid in gold ?
If his national self-esteem and priae of country
prompts him to think so let him explain the
brief messages that come to him every day
from London: "Consols, 95; United States
five-twenties, 70," varying a little from time
to time, consols from 93 to 98, United States
five-twenties from 66 to 73. What means this
electric shock that each day strikes our shores
from the Old World? Translate "Consols, 95;
United States five-twenties, 70," into plain
English expressed in terms of our own money.
The English capitalist pays$950 foran English
security of $1,000 that will pay him $30 a year
interest, and will only pay $"00 for a United
States bond that pays him $60, which, after
allowing ten per cent, for exchange, gives
him $54 a year sterling gold in London.
Make a calculation of this difference—thirty
is to fifty-four as nine hundred and fifty is to
the sum the European is willing to pay for a
security that he has confidence in that will pay
him fifty-four dollars a year gold in London.
How much is it? Seventeen hundred and ten
dollars! Yes, $1,710 for a security that will
pay him the same interest as a United States
five-twenty bond for which he is only willing to
pay $7001 Is not that a heavy report upon
the confidence Europe has in our financiering?
If a merchant's paper was sold at that wide
difference with his neighbor's you would say
if he was not broke he soon would be, and
yon would consider his paper dear at any
price. You would have no confidence in him
until you were not only assured that he had
property but had put it in charge of some one
who would not wastefully squander it. A
nation is but individual aggregation, and the
same law governs the one as the other.
Europe has had abundant evidence of our
power and our great resources. She has seen
us put down a rebellion such as was never
before known in the world's history. She has
seen us liberate four million slaves. She has
been made aware of the war's destruction and
waste of property amounting to five or six
thousand millions; and, more startling still to
a European mind, she has seen the beloved
head of the Republic assassinated. And, not-
withstanding all this, she has seen peace re-
stored and the Government move straight for-
ward, the people submitting to tax themselves
sums greater than ever before heard of in the
annals of history. With all this evidence of
our strength we yet find the gloomy verdict
rendered each day that they have not half the
confidence in the good faith of our Government
that they have in Great Britain. The fact is
they know more about us than we think they
do. They read our papers; they watch atten-
tively our Congress and the action of our Ad-
ministration and the operations of our revenue
laws, and the picture presented is anything but
cheerful and one not well calculated to inspire
confidence. They can see that a system of
internal revenue, in which the article that was
expected to yield the largest portion does
not pay into the Treasury one dollar where
it should pay ten, the balance going into the
pockets of swindlers and corruptionists. They
see Congress meet without establishing any
comprehensive financial policy; without even
daring to resolve the doubt that interested par-
ties have raised as to the two thousand million
five-twenties being paid in lawful money; and,
vacillating between diverse opinions, finally
adjourn and leave the important subject mainly
to the discretion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. And they have seen the capricious action
of that Secretary—now selling gold in enor-
mous quantities at 130, and a few weeks later
hoarding it at 150. And, lastly, they have heard
the mutterings of discontent at all this misrule
coming up from the great body of the people,
and observed these murmurs of an overtaxed
and an unequally-taxed people not treated
with the respect due. Seeing all this, their
estimate of the five-twenty bonds is not to be
wondered at. The only wonder is that it is no
worse.
When we shall in good faith inaugurate a
policy which will equalize the burdens of tax-
ation, give to labor full and profitable employ-
ment, increase production, diminish our inter-
est-bearing debt, lower the rate of interest on
what shall remain, revise our tariff and inter-
nal revenue laws, then we shall secure a for-
eign credit commensurate with our boundless
resources and our advanced position among
the nations of the earth. By such a course we
will be able very soon to relieve the mechan-
ical, manufacturing, and industrial interest
generally from a revenue tax, and depend
wholly for revenue upon a tax on incomes
and articles of luxury such as tobacco, beer,
and whisky. It would afford unspeakable
relief to the country to be delivered from the
swarm of Government officials and that hungry
horde of spies and detectives who have estab-
lished a system of espionage over every house-
hold.
Mr. Chairman, I have already detained the
committee too long; but you will permit me to
add that the workingmen, the tax-payers, the
great wealth-producing classes of tne people,
are looking with great anxiety to learn what
j course their Representatives will pursue on
this present vital and all-absorbing question.
1 Upon the wise and judiciou8 action of the
j dominant majority on this question will depend
i its continuance in power. We must reconstruct
our finances or surrender our places to those
who will. The sovereigns of this land whose
servants we are will not say to us "well done"
unless we inaugurate measures for their relief.
Before the conclusion of the foregoing re-
marks the hour allotted to Mr. Cart expired
and the hammer fell.
Mr. BALDWIN obtained the floor.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask that the time of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cary] be extended
half an hour to enable him to conclude his
speech.
Mr. BALDWIN. I desire to address the
House, but I do not wish to proceed to-night.
I have no objection to the gentleman from
Ohio going on provided it does not come out of
my time.
Mr. CARY. I do not want more than
fifteen or twenty minutes.
No objection was mrftie, and the time was
extended.
Mr. CARY then continued his remarks for
about ten minutes, and closed by stating that
he would yield the remainder of his time to
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine.]
Mr. BALDWIN. I believe I have the floor
now.
Mr. BLAINE. How much time is left of
the extension granted to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Cary?]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Baldwin] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman from Ohio
yielded the remainder of his time to me.
Mr. BALDWIN. I do not object to that.
Mr. BLAINE. How much time is left?
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BLAINE. Ami not entitled to the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Maine desire to address the committee at
this time?
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to know if I am
recognized as entitled to the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the committee to have extended the time of tho
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cary] for half a;>
hour if he needed it.
Mr. BLAINE. How much of it did he use?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio stated that he did not think he shoul t
occupy the whole of that time, and the Chair
does not understand that it was in the power
of the gentleman from Ohio, under these cir-
cumstances, to yield the remainder of his timo
to any other gentleman. The Chair, therefori,
awards the floor to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. BLAINE. I thought I had the floor b\
the ruling of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman fron
Massachusetts does not desire to go on to-nigl.,
and the gentleman from Maine does, the Chair
will submit to the committee whether by unan-
imous consent that arrangement can be made1,
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman from Maine
does not want the kindness of the Chair ex-
tended in that form. If he has no right to th ;
floor he. does not want an arrangement of th:.L
kind made for him by the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not
understand that the gentleman from Ohio ha>l
any further extension of time than to occup;
the floorAimself to conclude his remarks.
Mr. BLAINE. Well, if the gentleman from
Maine has no right to the floor he does no I.
Tv&nt it
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts will proceed.
Mr. KELSEY. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield for a motion to rise?
Mr. BALDWIN. I yield for that purpose
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the committee-
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes rc
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had the Union gen
erally under consideration, and particularly the
annual message of the President of the United
States, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Public Lands, reported ,-v
bill (H. R. No. 870) to prevent the further
sale of the public lands of the United States
except as provided for in the preemption and
homestead larws and ^t he laws for disposing of
town sites and mineral lands; which was read
a first and second time, recommitted to th ■
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill wasrecom
mitted; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
claim op b. W. perkins.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, sub
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Itesolved, That the Secretary of State be directed
to farnish to this House copies ot all memorials,
proofs, and papers on file in the Department of otate
relating to th© claim of tho late B. W .Perkins, a cit-
izen of the United States, against tho Government ol
Russia, growing out of contracts for ordnance, &c.:
and also the correspondence between theDepartmen'
of State and the Government of ltussia concerning
the same.
post routes in michigan.
Mr. DRIGGS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill to establish post routes from
Saginaw to St. Louis, and from Isabella to
Midland, in the State of Michigan.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
taxing of shakers.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
