1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2779
Government, It is.to reverse the sacred pre-
sumption of innocence until guilt is proved.
It is by legislative declaration, by mere legis-
lative enactment, in times of high party excite-
ment, to declare men guilty of crime, and
thereupon to punish them without trial, without
decency, and without law. And that is what
this proposes t.o do.
I further hold that, in reference to everyone
of these cases, under every one of these numer-
ous laws of Congress, there is no way in the
world by which any one of the penalties
denounced against the crime of desertion ean
be inflicted upon a deserter except upon the
judgment of a duly constituted court-martial.
No civil tribunal can try any one, be he crim-
inal or 110 criminal, for any offense against the
military laws of the country. The like never
before has been claimed or attempted; the
like ought never to be justified or palliated ;
for it is a perversion of the most sacred guar-
antees of civil liberty. Are you to transfer
the punishment of military offenses to civil
tribunals? Why, sir, the like has never been
heard of, has never been yet claimed in the
history of this country. If you will look into
Justice Story you will find that in his opinion
no power can adjudge or punish for military
crimes except military tribunals. No law ot
Ohio declares desertion shall work disfran-
chisement, nor be tried or punished in any
way whatever under the laws ot that State, in
any tribunals, civil or military. Nor does that
law give any authority, jurisdiction, or power
to any board of election officers to even inquire
into a charge of desertion against an elector.
The courtin Pennsylvania proceed and say:
" The spirit of these constitutional provisions is
briefly that 110 person can be mailo to suffer for a
criminal offense unless the penalty bo inflicted by
due process ot law. What that is has boen often
defined, but never better than it was.Woth historic-
ally and critically, by Judge Curtis, of the, Supremo
Court of the United States, in Dean vs. Murray, (18
Howard, 272.; It ordinarily implies and includes a
complainant, a defendant, and a judge, regular alle-
gations, opportunity to answer, and a trial according
to some settled course of judicial proceeding."
Yet, my honorable colleague on the com-
mittee [Mr. Scofield] undertakes to say to
this House that these petty election boards,
mere ministerial tribunals organized under the
laws of the State of Ohio, have the power
under a Federal law to sit in judgment upon
men charged with desertion, and to try, con-
vict, and punish those men. Yes, that is the
novel and startling doctrine upon which this
case is to rest. A mere election board, not one
of whom is a judge, not one of whom has ever
studied law, not one of whom it may be ever
saw a military camp, not one of whom is com-
petent to sit in judgment upon any case where
crime is the basis o! accusation, is to decide
in these ca-ses the most precious rights of citi-
zens, and inflict the bitter and humiliating
punishment of disfranchisement, not under
StaLelaws, but under Federal laws. This seems
to me like going from the sacred guarantees of
Magna Charla back to the chaos of arbitrary
power.
These election boards are competent to de-
cide the legality of the votes of the citizens
of Ohio so fiir only as they are expressly em-
powered to do under the laws of that State.
The honorable gentleman says that election
boards do, in very, many cases, determine judi-
cial questions ; and in his brief he forgets him-
self or the facts so far as to declare that they
do sometimes determine the question whether
a person is guilty of the crime of bribery or not.
He ought to know that under the laws of Ohio
no elector can bo punished for accepting a
bribe for his vote. In the open light of day
he may take into his filthy and polluted hand
a price for his vote, and with the price in one
hand and liis ballot in the other he may cast
the ballot for the price, and yet under the laws
of Ohio he cannot be punished. It is wonder-
ful that such is the law; but it is the law, else
my search into the statutes of Ohio has been
most unfortunate. It is true that a candidate
for an office or an elector may be punished
under the laws of Ohio for offering a bribe;
but no man can be punished for receiving a
bribe and selling his vote.
But we are told that these election boards
do determine facts. So they do ; but what
kind of facts do they determine? Tliey de-
termine such facts as these: whether a voter
is of age ; whether he is a minor ; whether he
is an idiot; whether he is insane ; whether lie
is a legal resident of the county and precinct
in which he offers to vote ; whether he has
been convicted of crime ; and whether lie is
naturalized under the laws of the United
States. But let me invite the attention of
every fair-minded man to the fact, never to be
forgotten in a case like this, that these election
boards have no power under any system of ■
laws in this country to determine anything
except some single, naked fact, not crime,
not guilt—never. They may determine mere
facts which have no connection with guilt;
that is to say, with guilt to be adjudicated upon
by the election board. 1 f a mau is not of age
that is a fact; it is something that inheres in
and constitutes a part of the person, but is not
a crime. If a man is an unnaturalized for-
eigner, or if he has too much negro blood in
liis veins, neither of those is a fact based upon
allegations of crimc. If he is amurderer, and
is so charged upon challenge before an elec-
tion board, the board may ask for the record
of his conviction of murder, and if that be
produced may find the fact that lie is a con-
victed criminal; but the board does not try the
question of guilt, but only finds the fact of con-
viction by the record ol a legal trial elsewhere
had.
It simply determines upon a fact, which fact
excludes the vote. I say, therefore, that
nowhere—under no system of State laws—can
any gentleman show me that the duty has ever
been imposed upon these boards to settle ques-
tions of alleged crime; and it is simply mon-
strous, itis simply outrageous, forany Congress,
for any power in the country, to undertake to
confer such jurisdiction upon such incompetent
tribunals.
I also invite attention to the fact that under
the repeated adjudications of the Supreme
Court and of the State courts, it is not compe-
tent for the Federal Government to confer
judicial power on any tribunals of the States,
whether judicial tribunals or ministerial tri-
bunals. The Federal Government must con-
stitute its own courts, must enforce its own
laws, must try and convict and punish its own
offenders ; it cannot commit that duty to petty
tribunals of the State.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is proposed by the
majority of this committee to do these things
monstrous in themselves, utterly untenable as
propositions of law, utterly in violation of civil
liberty. But it is proposed further that these
persons so charged with desertion shall rest for-
ever—yes, forever—under the ban of Federal
legislative condemnation, adjudged, or rather
declared guiltv of crime, and forever denied a
trial. Why? Because in 3 805, when the war had
ceased, the Federal Government, on the loth
day of April, by an order issued from the head-
quarters of the military power of the Gov-
ernment, declared that the provost marshals
throughout the country should discontinue the
business of recruiting and drafting in all the dis-
tricts of the States until further orders. Then,
on the 14th of the same mouth, by order of the
Secretary of War it was commanded that all
men drafted under the callof December 19,1864,
who bad not been forwarded to general rendez-
vous shall be released. This order did not apply
to substitutes already mustered in.
And, Mr. Speaker, I call attention still fur-
ther to this remarkable fact, I say in the his-
tory of this case a most remarkable fact, worthy
to receive the gravest consideration of every
member of the House, that on the 17th day of
October, 18G5, long after these alleged crimes
of desertion had been committed, and long be-
fore the election at which the sitting member
was elected to this House, it was oidered by the
Secretary of War as follows, and I hope gentle-
men of t he House will give attention to the Ian*
guage of the order:
[General Orders, No. 152.]
Xf ak Department,
Adjutant General's Office,
Washihgton, October 17,1865.
Hereafter no perssn shall bo arrested as a deserter
for having failed to report under any dra.lt, or for
any other noh-compliance with the enrollment act,
or the amendments thereto. Any and all persons of
this class now held will be immediately discharged.
By order of the Secretary of War:
. E. D. TOWNSESD,
Assistant Adjutant General.
In pursuance thereof all this business was
stopped, and all such persons were discharged.
And now the country finds itself in this novel
condition : these men, these alleged deserters,
by the very order of their own Government, to
the end of time, are to be denied not only a
trial but an opportunity in any kind of judicial
or military proceeding to vindicate their inno-
cence.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move that the gen-
tleman's time be extended for another hour.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I shall not object to the
extension of time to the gentleman. I do not
care how much time lie has ; but at the end of
that hour I design to call for the previous
question. I think four hours are enough for
this debate; and if the House will sustain me
in demanding the previous question it will be
entirely satisfactory to me if one member shall
consume the whole time on that side.
Mr. Woodward's motion was agreed to.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, if 1 can, I will
get through in a shorter time.
Mr. MILLER. Does the gentleman concede
the majority to be in favor of the contestant if
the votes of these alleged deserters were re-
jected?
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, in answer to my
friend I have this to say, that in my judgment,
after a mostdeliberate and careful examination
of this case, 1 do most sincerely and profoundly
believe that in no aspect of this case can this
House justly give this seat to the contestant.
No, sir; in no possible attitude of the case. I
say if you give him every one of these deserters'
votes, or rather deny them to the sitting mem-
ber, you cannot under any "possible judicial
determination of the other questions in the
case give him the seat.
I think, Mr. Speaker, in reference to the
order that I have just read, it must bo held,
and ought to be held by this court, if this law
of March 3, 1805, possesses any validity what-
ever, to have the legal effect of forever dis-
charging not only from arrest, but from every
charge of crime. Is it just; does it become
the dignity, the magnanimity, and honor of a
great Government to charge citizens with crim'e
by mere legislative declarations and yet deny
them an opportunity to vindicate their inno-
cence? This order amounts to a dismissal of
all charges, a kind of amnesty or pardon against
all offenses arising out of the enrollment and
draft laws.
Now, 1 desire to read a little further from
this judicial opinion:
"But I can call to mind no instance in which it
has been held that the ascertainment of guilt of a
public offense and the imposition of legal penalties
can be in any other mode than by trial according to
the law of the land, or due process of law—that is.
the law of the particular ease, administered by a
judicial tribunal authorized to adjudicate upon it.
And I cannot persuade myself that a judge of Sec-
tions or aboard ot election ollicert, constituted under
the State laws, is such a tribunal. 1 cannot thinK-
tlieyhave power to try criminal offenders, still less
to adjudge the guilt or innocence ot an alleged vio-
lator ol the laws ot the Lm ted States. A tnal beforo
such officers is not due process of law for the pmiisii
incut ol offenses according to tho meaning ot tno
phrase in the Constitution. There are, it is true,
many things which they may determine, such as tho
age and residence of a person offering to vote, whether
lie lias paid taxes, and whether, it born an alien, he
lias a certificate of naturalization, f-hesc things pei-
, tain to the ascertainment of a political iI ut
j whether he has been euil'y 01 ® °
has as a consequence forfeited his lsan inquny
1 of a different character. Neither our Constitution
