372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, in reply
to a resolution of the House of the 12th ultimo.
relative to the mode of taxing the Shaker asso-
ciation of New Lebanon, New York.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the com-
munication be laid on the table, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. KOONTZ, (at
four o'clock and twenty minutes p. in.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, dfcc., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BOUTWELL: The report of the
proceedings of a public meeting in Marlboro',
Massachusetts, and the petition of the select-
men and 400 others, citizens of the same town,
relative to the imprisonment of American citi-
zens in other countries.
Also, the petition of William H. Bolton, of
the United States Navy, for payment for cloth-
ing lost at sea.
By Mr. BURR: The petition of Walter
Lees, company D third Illinois cavalry, for
compensation for a horse lost in service; also,
the indorsement of Major General J. A. Mc-
Clernand and affidavit of Captain D. R. Sparks,
sustaining said petition.
By Mr. BUTLER: The petition of Samuel
C. Frey, to award a leather medal to Major
General Hancock.
Also, the petition of citizens of Lynn^ Mas-
sachusetts, in behalf of Mrs. Caroline E. Bur-
dett.
Also, the petition of Caroline E. Burdett,
praying for a pension.
By Mr. DONNELLY : The petition of sun-
dry citizens of Goodhue county, Minnesota, in
reference to the rights of naturalized citizens
of the United States in foreign countries.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of William
P. Spalding, of Keweenaw county, Michigan,
praying for an increase of the duty on im-
ported nickel.
Also, the petition of Hon. Luther Smith
and 100 others, citizens of Gratiot county,
State of Michigan, praying for the establish-
ment of a post route from Saginaw City to St.
Louis, in said State.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of Palanon
John, of Bloomsburg, Columbia county, Penn-
sylvania, asking that he may be allowed a
credit of $769 37 for that amount of revenue
8tamps lost or stolen from the mail while the
same were in transit to the revenue depart-
ment.
By Mr. MUNGEN: The petition of Miss
Sarah E. Bateman and 285 other ladies, em-
ployes in the Government Printing Office, in
regard to the increased allowance to clerks, <fcc.
When the additional pay of twenty per cent,
was allowed to the clerks in other Departments
last season the employes in the printing depart-
ment were not included. The petition asks
that their interest in the premises be protected
should Congress deem it proper to act in the
matter of increased allowance.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 8, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to have a correc-
tion in the Journal made before the Senate
passes to any other business. I observe that
my name is not recorded among the yeas on
the final passage of the bill passed yesterday
relative to the suspension of the internal tax
on cotton. That is a mistake. I answered
to my name, but my answer was probably not
heard.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The cor-
rection will be made if there be no objection.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, inclosing a communication from the
acting Commissioner of Indian Affairs setting
forth the destitution of the Sioux Indians near
Devil's Lake, Dakota Territory, and recom-
mending an appropriation for their relief;
which was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation of the Secretary of the Treasury, in
answer to a resolution of the 3d ultimo, trans-
mitting a report of the amount and character
of the taxes collected from the national banks
since their establishment; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to
be printed.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions of a mass meeting held at Toledo,
Ohio, urging upon the Government the neces-
sity of taking measures for the protection of
American citizens abroad and for the release
of those illegally imprisoned by England; which
were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented a petition of W.
G. Cummings, of the State of Vermont, setting
forth that he was wounded in the service of the
United States during the late rebellion, and
asking for a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of Thomas
Chittenden, of the State of Wisconsin, a former
resident of the State of Vermont, setting forth
that he was a soldier in the war of 1812, and
asking for an increase of the pension already
granted to him; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of George
S. Fisher, late United States consul in Japan,
asking compensation for losses by fire at his
consulate; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. TIPTON presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Nebraska, praying the estab-
lishment of a land office at Lone Tree, Ne-
braska ; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Nebraska, asking for a change in the
Indian policy of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Nebraska, praying that the difference
of pay between first sergeai>t and second lieu-
tenant be allowed from August 20j 1864, to
June 5, 18G5, to John S. Lemon, late of the
Fifth Iowa cavalry; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Nebraska, praying the establishment
of a mail route between West Point and
Dakota City, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Nebraska, praying the establishment
of a mail route between Dakota City and Nio-
brara, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Posff Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the memorial of
Allen Smith, a soldier of the war of 1812, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. THAYER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Nebraska, praying the establishment
of a mail route between Nebraska City and
Table Rock, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
He also presented a petition and resolutions
adopted at a meeting of citizens of Kearney
City, Nebraska, praying such action as will
secure protection to American naturalized cit-
izens in foreign countries; which were referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of William Pitcher and Axel Hayford,
praying compensation for losses sustained in
the purchase and storage of hay for the Gov-
ernment ; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims. '
rbpOrts of gommittees.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution (II. R. No. 27) to change the name of
Moritz Judkiewicz, have instructed me to report
it back, and to recommend its indefinite post-
ponement. Congress at its present session has
passed a general law authorizing the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, on applica-
tion and a proper showing, to change the name
of any person in the District. I move, there-
fore, that this bill be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciarj', to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 95) to amend the act to establish a uni^
form system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States, have instructed me to report
it back, with a recommendation that it be
indefinitely postponed.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to
print five thousand copies of the letter of the
Secretary of 4he Treasury communicating the
second annual report of the Special Commis-*
sioner of Revenue, reported in favor of the
motion, and it was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. PERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
229) for the relief of Horace Smith and D. B.
Wesson, or their assigns ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, and ordered to be
printed.
illegal expenditures.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following resolution, and ask for its present
consideration:
Jietolved, That the Committee on Finance be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of affixing a
penalty upon any officer of the Government who
shall authorize the expenditure of or pay any money
for any purpose not previously authorized by law.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, it must be within the knowledge of most
Senators that a very considerable amount of
our annual expenditures iq for deficiencies
where money is expended without any pre-
vious appropriation by Congress, and those
items come here at the latter part of each ses-
sion, for which no estimates have been made,
and for which no provision has been made in
any manner by law. I think that this, in time
of peace, is an evil, an abuse that ought to be
corrected. It is with that view that the reso-
lution is introduced.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to hear the
resolution read again. I do not know how far
it goes.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objections to
the committee inquiring into the expediency
of the legislation proposed, but it is doubtful
whether we can confine executive officers by
law in every particular. There may be ex-
ceptions.
Mr. CONNESS. It appears to me that if
this inquiry is undertaken at all it ought to
take a little wider scope, and include the prac-
tice that has grown up, and is, I think, quite
extensive with Departments of the Govern-
ment, of creating offices and appointing men
to fill them, and then fixing their salary and
compensation by their own volition and act,
and paying them from the public Treasury
without authority of law and without the
knowledge on the part of either Congress or
the people that such officers or official persons
have any legal existence. I regard the latter
as one of the greatest defects that the Govern-
ment is suffering from at this time. Those
persons are created ad libitum, and we know
nothing about what they do, nor even from
whence their salary comes. It is found finally
in the shape of deficiencies or taken from con-
tingent appropriations for the Departments.'
