3804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
whenever we come to the question about hav-
ing protection to certain interests, gentlemen
from Pennsylvania and elsewhere see things in
a somewhat different light. I am merely speak-
ing in the way of criticism, to show that the
subject ought to have some further considera-
tion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. MORRELL. I yield two minutes and a
a half to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
raum.]
Mr. 11AUM. Having great respect for the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means and for the committee generally, on the
5th of June last I had a bill which I had the
honor to introduce referred to that committee,
but I have never heard of their taking any
action on the subject. I suppose the tax bill
so engrossed their time that they were unable
to consider it. Now, sir, I regard this as a
question of great importance indeed, and
worthy of the immediate consideration of the
House; because it is a startling fact to an-
nounce to this eouuliy that we are now export-
ing specie at the rate of $100,000,000 per
annum to pay for imported goods. I therefore
affirm that it is our duty, before we leave this
Hall, to pass some kind of an act that will dis-
courage importation of foreign goods ; and
while 1 would not have ingrafted upon the bill
this provision requiring the payment of six per
cent, interest on duties, yet I think we can
amend the bill and pass it in such a shape as
will discourage the importation of foreign
goods and enable us to retain the products of
our mines in this country; because we never
can have a resumption of specie payment and
we never ean have a reliable system of finance
until we can keep our gold from being ex-
ported at the present enormous rate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRELL. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first question was on the motion of Mr.
Sohunok to refer the bill to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and being put there were—
ayes 48; noes 37 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morreli,
and Sohknck were appointed.
The House divided; aud the tellers reported
—ayes 54, noes 40.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
enrolled bills.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. 1325) for the relief of Ben-
jamin B. French, late Commissioner of Public
Buildings;
An act (PI. R. 445) for the relief of Timothy
Lyden, of Parkersburg, West Virginia ;
An act (H. II. 453) increasing the pension
of Nancy Weeks, widow of Francis Weeks, an
ensign in the revolutionary war ; and
An act (H. R. 1069) for the relief of Charles
B. Tanner, late first lieutenant sixty-ninth
Pennsylvania volunteers.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill (H. R. No.
430) for the relief of James Hooper; when
the Speaker signed the same.
personal explanation.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask permission to make
a personal explanation in behalf of a portion
of the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. How much time does the
gentleman wish?
Mr. MAYNARD. Two minutes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. MAYNARD. Members of the House
will have seen lying upon their tables this morn-
ing a communication purporting to be from a
correspondent of the Chicago Tribune of the
date of April 25, 18G8, touching the action of
the sub-committee of Ways and Means on the
tariff. A portion of that statement I will read:
"It is not published, but printed in this way: as
fast as a sheet was revised, one of the members of
the sub-committee transmitted a copy to the Manu-
facturers' Association, whose headquarters are at
Philadelphia, for revision and approval, who pro-
ceeded to publish tho sheets for the instruction only
of tho faithful. A similar course was adopted in
reference to the Iron and Steel Association."
I desire simply to say, as a member of the
sub-committee and speaking for the other mem-
bers, that the correspondent, whoever he may
have been, was misinformed entirely upon this
matter. Tho action of the sub committee had
nothing in it which would justify such a repre-
sentation as is here made.
harbor of oswego.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, transmitting, in compliance with the
resolution of the House of the 9th ultimo, a
report of the chief of engineers relative to
the construction of wharves in the harbor of
Oswego, New York; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
tfukedmkn's affairs in kentucky, etc.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting, in compliance with
the resolution of the House of the 1st instant,
the report of Brevet Major General Carlin for
the last six months, relative to the condition
of freedtnen's affairs in Kentucky and Tennes-
see ; which was referred to the Committee on
Freedtnen's Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
claim of e. si. davis.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting papers pertaining
to the claim of E. M. Davis, for alleged dam-
ages to his land while occupied and used as a
military camp; which were referred to the
Committee of Claims.
government contractors.
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent that the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill (S.
No. 307) for the relief of ccrtain Government
contractors.
Mr. SPALDING and Mr. BENJAMIN
objected.
troops on the plains.
Mr. BURLEIGH, by unanimous consent,
submitted thefollowing resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War bo directed to
inform this House what number of troops are sta-
tioned along tho line of the Onion Pacific railroad
between Omaha, Nebraska., andlireat Salt Lake City,
including those at Port Laramie and I^ortFett-erman,
and those along the lino of the eastern division of
said road; also those in tho Territory of Dakota,
and on the Missouri river, at and below Port Benton;
also the names and member of the difforont military
posts and the number of troops stationed at each.
portage lake ship-canal.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the bill (S. No.
398) extending the Portage Lakeand Lake Supe-
rior ship-eanal to Keweenaw Bay, providing for
the right of way, and making a grant of land
to aid in the construction of said extension.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to taking up any
more Senate bills out of their order.
evening session.
Mr. BANKS. Before moving to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union oil the special order, if there are many
gentleman who desire to debate the Alaska
question, I will move that there be an evening
session.
TheSPEAKER. The chairman ofthe Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union
[Mr. Garfield] can tell how that is.
Mr. GARFIELD. There are more gentle-
men whose names are down as desiring to speak
than ean speak this afternoon, but whether any
of them desire to speak in the evening or not
I cannot say. The debate may continue to-
morrow.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Elec-
tions have given notice that to-morrow they
iutend to call up two contested-election cases
from Missouri. They may postpone those cases.
Mr. GARFIELD. I cannot tell how many
members wish to speak to-night.
Mr. BANKS. Then X ask that an order
bo made that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union shall take a recess from
half past four o'clock until half past seven
o'clock p. m.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
purchase of alaska.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, inclosing a report of Captain J. W. White,
commanding a revenue cutter in the Alaskan
waters, dated May 26,1868 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BANKS. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended ; and
the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole ou the state of the Union, (Mr.
Garfield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being House
bill No. 1090, making an appropriation of
money to carry into effect the treaty with Rus-
sia of March 30, 1807.
Mr. IIIGBY. I now yield five minutes of
my time to my colleague, [Mr. Axtell.]
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Speaker, the question
of the value of this purchase has been so fully
considered, and will be further considered by
others who are to occupy the floor on this
question, that I will pass it by with but the
single remark that the standard of value is
very different for the nation and for the indi-
vidual. The extinguishment of a foreign flag
and a foreign title on this continent is of itseS'
of immense value. The necessity that a great
nation occupying a position upon a great ocean
should have harbors for the protection of its
commerce is a matter of value that cannot be
overestimated in the question of national pur-
poses. The Pacific States, more intimately
acquainted with this territory than the Atlantic
States can be, are unanimously in favor of this
purchase. Her citizens are enterprising com-
mercial men. And it is fair to presume that,
had this purchase been as valueless as the op-
ponents of this bill have represented, the men
in the Pacific States would have forewarned
the Government and raised their voices against
the payment of this money. But I desire to
say that there is no distinction of feeling upon
tho Pacific coast in relation to the value, neces-
sity, and propriety of this purchase.
Now, while it may not be a legitimate argu-
ment, perhaps it might be well for the Repub-
lican party, as they are responsible for the
action of this House, to consider that no polit-
ical party can be sustained in the Pacific States
that acts in opposition to the acquirement of
this territory. I desire, however, to say one
word in relation to the enlargement of the ter-
ritory of the United States. I refer, simply to
the purchase of foreign territory, of Louisiana,
of Florida, and the acquisition of California.
I desire to say that the Pacific States up to
this time have not been territory contiguous
to the main portion of the settled territory of
the United (states. The learned and very able
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shslwbaroeb,]
who stated that great nations had fallemasunder
