256
APPENDIX TO TJiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Glossbrenner.
40th Cong. ... 2d $ess.
had witnessed the termination when the confed-
erate forces under Generals Lee and Johnston
were disarmed, surrendered, and disbanded.
So far, indeed, from attempting to prevent
the effort to impeach the President on the flimsy
pretext presented—disgraceful to its inventors^
even if it were not a mere pretext—I would, aa
a partisan merely, aid in clearing the way, and
in facilitating , the progress of the now domi-
nant Radicals to their doom.
What is this latest pretext for impeachment?
The President will not consent, until it is ruled
by the judiciary that he must submit to such
insult and humiliation, to havethrustuponhim,
in intimate official relation, in close personal
association, as confidential adviser, a man who
has permitted himself to be guilty of what a
distinguished Radical Senator has declared '' a
gentleman" or "a man of honor" to be inca-
pable. 'l'his judgment of Senator Sherman is,
by the way, accepted by all who possess^ a
spark of manly instinct. The attempt to foist
this man into the Cabinet of the President
against the will of the latter will find speedy
condemnation at the hands of the people, who
are always just, and who instinctively love fair
play. It does not require profound learning,
or much consumption of oil in midnight lamps
over books of law or ethics, to reach thecom-
mon-sense conclusion that the President, who
is held responsible for the acts of his Cabinet,
should be permitted to select its members. In
the merest fairness to him this should be a rule
without an exception. His counselors should
befriends, not enemies; they should bo sup-
porters, not opponents; they should be not
only trustworthy, but trusted; certainly they
ought not to be acknowledged spies in the
interest of his personal and political enemies ;
nor should they be persons so devoid of all
honorable instinct as to be willingto remain j
an hour in such a position after an intimation
from the President that personal association ,
with them is to him distasteful and offensive.
My distinguished friend and colleague from
the Luzerne district, [Mr. Woodward,] with
an ability so marked as to be worthy even of
his exalted character as a profound and con-
scientious jurist, has with inexorable logic ex-
posed and pitilessly demolished the small and
shallow fallacies of those who assail the legal-
ity of the President's effort to unseat the Stan-
ton incubus. My excellent friend from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Kerr,] whose clear perceptions of
right and whose legal ability and acumen the
members 'of this House, on all sides, when
partisan prejudice does not obscure judgment,
all acknowledge, has shown that "the wise
and philosophic purpose of the framers of the
Constitution was to keep the several great
departments of the Governmentas distinct and
separate from each other as possible, to the
end that neither should invade the functions of
the other or usurp the powers of that other in
order to strengthen itself, and erect a central-
ized despotism on the foundations of the Re-
public." The history of the formation of the
Government amply sustains these views.
Other gentlemen of the legal profession on j
this side of the Chamber, among the ablest of
the House, have shown how utterly destitute
of a decent semblance of legal support is this
legislative assault—I was about to say conspir-
acy, but that might not be parliamentary, and
I therefore term it assault—upon a constitu-
tionally coordinate branch of the Government.
With these arguments upon the legal aspect
of this question—for, as exceptional cases,in the
debate so far, they do indeed rise to the dignity
of argument—I feel that the Conservatives
may safely go before the people, our masters,
and, gentlemen of the Radical party, your
masters as well.
But, in addition to the impregnable positions
taken by able members of the legal profession,
we have the unerring, sober second thought of
the people upon which to rely for a righteous !
judgment upon what yon are doing here this
day. Hope not to escape that judgment.
Clothe the pretended offense of the President
in what garb of language you may; envelop it
if you will in clouds of pompous and stilted
lexicographical mystification, still will it not
escape the discernment of the people. As little
will the popular judgment fail to perceive the
motive that prompts this prosecution in form,
this persecution in fact.
Peeling that, in common with "all the peo-
ple of the United States," in whose name the
perp-etration of this great political crime is au-
daciously and most unwarrantably to be urged,
we must bear our share of the national shame
which even the attempt without, the consum-
mation must bring; and, in common with all
mankind, our portion of the incalculable injury
to republican institutions that must be involved
in this measure, if, in God's wrath against this
nation, it should become more than an attempt,
the little band of Democratic Representatives
with which it is my pride to be numbered and
associated on this floor have opposed this
unrighteous movement step by step. Out-
numbered, our rights as a minority trampled
upon, every barrier established in the rules of
the House by our predecessors for our pro-
tection swept away at the behest of party im-
patience or party oonvenienqe, we cannot pre-
vent, and under the recently emasculated rules
of the House we can no longer even postpone,
this wrong. It is destined to prevail so far as
this House is concerned.
The best interests of the country must un-
doubtedly suffer by an affirmative vote oil the
question before us. But within an hour this
House will pass the articles of impeachment.
Commerce, manufactures, all the interests of
labor, mechanical and agricultural, will feel
the baleful influence of this measure. Yet
party malignity will not be restrained by any
such considerations. The finances of the
Government and the people will be ruinously
embarrassed and deranged by this day's work.
I can hardly conceive it possible that the ma-
jority do not perceive this to be inevitable.
But not a moment will this consideration delay
the passage of this indictment, nor will it affect
a single vote on the opposite side of the House.
The traditional and habitual trust of the Amer-
ican people in the security and stability of re-
publican institutions may be impaired if not
eradicated, and the hopes ofali friends of civil
liberty in all lauds may be crushed and extin-
guished by the deed initiated in this House,
and now only awaiting the formality of a re-
corded vote. Yet there will be no pause in
the proceedings here. All appeals to reason,
all sense of justice, all considerations of the
national welfare, will be lost in the clamor for
impeachment.
Why, sir, but a few days ago, the less un-
scrupulous members of the Republican party
in this House, a majority of that party, indeed,
declared formally, under oath and by vote,
after months of search by a diligent, eager,
able, and impeachment-seeking committee,
who spared no pains to find some act, or sus-
picion of an act, of the President on which to
hang a pretext for his impeachment, that no
such acthad been discovered. The President's
words and actions had been subjected to ex-
amination as with a microscope, with a degree
of minuteness that permitted absolutely nothing
to escape rigid scrutiny—his private conversa-
tions and his private bank account not being
exempt from impertinent and ill-mannered
discussion—yet nothing was found involving
him, even by unfriendly inference, in any act
or deed that, would warrant impeachment..
What has the President done since that ver-
dict of acquittal, a verdict wrung by stubborn
facts from the reluctant judgment of his ene-
mies? Nothing more than to exerc.se a con-
stitutional power that has existed and been
exercised by every President, from the days
of the first, greatest, wisest, and best, down
to the present hour. These gentlemen of the
Republican party at that time demanded tri-
umphantly of the friends of impeachment, as
Pontius Pilate did of the accusing high priests
more than eighteenhundred years ago, "What
hath this man done?" They could only imitate
those ancient icnpeachers by clamorous reiter-
ation of their demands, substituting the cry,
"Impeach! impeach!" for thatoftheir proto-
types in Jerusalem, which was, "Crucify! cru-
cify!" I make no irreverent reference to the
meek and lowly Nazarene, against whom the
latter cry was directed. I institute no compar-
ison between Him and any human being, none
whatever between the objects of those cries.
I deal only with accusers and judges in both
cases. In each there were intemperate and
bigoted accusers and clamorous denunciations.
In each there was a Judas. Pilate was evi-
dently inclined to be conservative—at first; but
he quailed before the clamor of the Jerusalem
radicals, and although he "found no fault in
this man," he did consent to his condemna-
tion, initiating the punitory proceedings by
scourging him. If that model judge were a
member of the House of Representatives of the
Fortieth Congress he would probably have
voted with the majority on Andrew Johnson's
first and second trial before this House in
favor of acquittal. But,unless he had become
a better man and a more inflexible judge than
history records him,the name of Pontius Pilate
would be found recorded, before five o'clock
this evening, in the affirmative upon the pend-
ing proposition.
Proceed, gentlemen. Go to the Senate and
tell your story. You have not much of a story
to tell; therefore make the most of it. Pa-
rade your ton articles—preceding the parade
with a magnificent flourish, assuming that you
speak for "all the people of the United
States." This will be peculiarly appropriate '
while nine tenths of those same people stand
ready to-day to impeach and convict the im-
peachers. Deliver your budget in small par-
cels, as prepared, thus :
Article 1. The Presidentofthe United States
has attempted to remove Edwin M. Stanton
from the office of Secretary of War.
Article 2. He has appointed "one Lorenzo
Thomas" to act as Secretary of War ad in-
terim.
The foregoing two articles would seem to
ordinary intellects to embrace the whole mat-
ter, but your committee require you to fur-
ther represent, in
Article 3. That the President did appoint
"one Lorenzo 'Thomas" Secretary of War ad
interim.
Article 4. The President attempted to oust
Stanton.
Article 5. The President, on the 21st of
February, 1868, agreed with "one Lorenzo
Thomas" to attempt to oust Stanton.
Article 6. The President did on the same day
twice agree with " one Lorenzo Thomas" or
once with each of " two Lorenzo Thomases"
to attempt the same thing.
Article 7. The President did agree with "one
Lorenzo Thomas" to prevent Stanton from
holding the office of Secretary of War.
After proceeding thus far, the Senate will
be pretty well prepared to learn, as they will
by— _
Articlc 8. That the President did agree with
"one Lorenzo Thomas" to attempt to pat the
latter in possession of the War Department
as Secretary of War ad interim.
And by—
Article 9. That the President did appoint
" one Lorenzo Thomas " Secretary of War ad
interim.
Tell the Senate further that the President
has audaciously ventured to express an opinion
as to the constitutionality of a certain provision
in an act of Congress.
Be sure to label each parcel distinctly, as
you deliver it. •• high crime, " or " high misde-
meanor," or "high crime and misdemeanor."
as the case may be. lest the Senate might not
perceive the character or quality of the articles
so delivered, and might fall carelessly into the
