27$0
SHE COIST€! KESSIONAL WUMM.
Svttmi,
*px our law has conferred upoa th ^judges of elec-
tions any suoh judicial functions. They are not
sworn to try issues in criminal cases. They have no
power to compel the attendance 6f witnesses, and
their judgment, if rendered, would be binding upon
110 other tribunal. liven if they were to assume
jurisdiction of the offense described in the act of
Congress, and proceed to try whether the applicant
ioravotehad been duly enrolled and draited,whether
he had received_ notice of the draft, whether he had
deserted and failed to return to scrvice, or failed to
report to a provost marshal, and whether he had
3ustifying,reasons for such failure, and if after such
trial they were-to decide that he had not forfeited
ms citizenship, all this would not amount to an
acquittal. It would not protect him against a sub-
sequent similar accusation and trial, would net pro-
tect him against trial and punishment by a court-
martial. Surely that is no trial by due process of
of law the judgment in which is not final, decides
nothing, but leaves the accused exposed to another
trial in a different tribunal, and to the imposition by
thatother tribunal of the full punishment prescribed
by law. It is not in the power ol Congress to eonier
Upon such a tribunal, which is exclusively of State
.creation, jurisdiction to try offenses against the Uni-
ted States. The doctrine seems a plain one that
Congress cannot vest any ot Ibe judicial power of
the United States in the courts ot any other govern-
ment orsovereignty. (Martin vs. Hunter s Lessee, 1
Wheat.,304, 330; Ely vs. Feck,7 Conn., 242; and Seo-
ville vs. Uanfield, 14 Johns., 338.) And clearly if this
is so Congress cannot make a board ol State election
officers competent lo tiy whether a person has been
guilty ot an offense against the United States, and
if tliey find him guilty to enforce a part of the pre-
scribed penalty."
I invite attention to another paragraph touch-
ing the true construction of the law. The
Same court, after an examination of all the
laws of Congress on the subject of desertion
And its punishment, gives the following just
construction to the act of 1865 :
"All these acts of Congress manifestly contem-
plate trial for desertion in courts-maitial, and the
inlliclion ot no punishment or torteiture except upon
conviction and sentence in such courts. The act of
180B provided tor general courts-martial, and made
minute and careful regulations lor their organiza-
tion, lor the conduct of their proceedings,, and tor the
approval or disapproval ot their sentences. Subse-
quent acts made some changes, but they have not
restrained the jurisdiction or diminished the powers
ol such courts. It is to such a code of laws, forming
a system devised tor the punishment ot desertion,
that the twency-first section of the act ot March 3,
1865, was added. It reters plainly to preexisting
laws. It.has the single objectof increasing the pen-
alties, but it does not undertake to change or dis-
pense with the machinery provided iorpunishing the
crime. The common rules of construction demand
that it bo read as if it had been incorporated into the
former acts. And if it had not been, if the act of
1806 and its supplements had prescribed that the pen-
alty ior desertion, or failure to report within a desig-
nated time alter notice of draft—which the act of
1863 declares desertion—should be punished on con-
viction of the same with forfeiture ot citizenship and
death, or in lieu ot the latter, such other punishment
as, ^ by the sentence ol a court-martial, may be
inflicted, would any one contend that:i.ny portion of
this punishment could be inflicted without convic-
tion and sentence? Assuredly not; and if not, so
must the actot I860 be eonstiued now. It means
that the foil'eiture which it prescribes, like all other
penalties tor desertion, must be adjudged to the con-
victed person, alter trial by court-martial, and sen-
tence approved. For the conviction andsentenceof
such a, court there can be no substitute. They alone
establish the guilt of the accused and fasten upon
hirii the legal consequences. Such, we think, is the
true mean ing of the act—a construction that cannot
be denied to it without losing sight of all the pre-
vious legislation respecting tnesame subject-matter,
no part of which does this act profess to alter.
" It may be added that this construction is not only
required by the universally admitted rules of statu-
tory. interpretation, but it is in harmony with the
personal rights secured by the Constitution, and
Which Congress must be presumed to have kept in
view. It gives to the accused a trial before sworn
judges, a right to challenge, an opportunity of
defense, theprivilege of hearing the witnesses against
him, and of calling witnesses in his behalf. It pre-
serves to him the common law presumption of inno-
cence until I10 has been adjudged guilty according to
the forms of law. It gives finality to a single trial.
It tried by a court-martial and acquitted his mno-
ccnce can never again be called in question, and he
can be made to suffer no part of the penalties pre-
sented ior guilt. On the other hand, if a rocord of
conviction by a lawful court be not a prerequisite to
suffering the penalty of the law, the aot of Congress
may work intolerable hardships."
Let me call the attention of the House one
moment to the language of the act itself. The
learned gentleman who presented this case for
the majority [Mr. Scofield] has not cited the
act; he has taken good care not to do that.
He read a part only of section twenty-one,
which does not give a just and adequate idea
of the true scope and meaning of the whole act.
What does that act say? "That in addition
to the other lawful penalties of the crime of
desertion," &c.; not an original act, not an act
to be executed and enforced by State law or
State tribunals, but it is a law enacted " in
addition to," as a part of, as an amendment to
a preexisting law of Congress on that same
subject. It is what lawyers would call a law in
pari materia. It is a law which must be eon-
stiued in connection with and as a part of a
preexisting statute.
Now, this law prescribes an additional pen-
alty to the crime of desertion from the military
or naval service of the United States. When
the honorable gentleman cited this section it
might justly have been inferred by members
unfamiliar with it that this law by its terms had
undertaken expressly to confer this kind of
jurisdiction upon these petty tribunals. I say
to you that there is nowhere in this section,
nor in this law, nor in any law of Congress,
from the beginning of the Government to this
blessed hour, any provision in which the Fed-
eral Government has everattempted to commit
to any tribunal of the State the adjudication of
any such case or of any such fact. It is all
assumption; it is not law, and it cannot be found
in the law, and I challenge the production of
one single line to justify any such construction
or interpretation.
Mr. Speaker, I will not give further time to
the consideration of this general question about
deserters. I now come to consider the case
of Pike township, which, it is claimed by the
report of the majority, the House ought to
reject; and to this I beg to call the attention
of members while I state, as briefly as I can,
the material facts in the case. In that town-
ship, it is alleged by the contestant, that Sa-
lathiel Parrish, one of the judges, was a de-
serter from the draft of 1804 and therefore
incompetent from disability as a citizen to
act in that capacity, lie was not a man of
foreign birth or origin, but was a native citi-
zen of Ohio. He was convicted of no crime
under that State. He had never been adjudged
by any court of the State or Federal Govern-
ment, civil or military, to have forfeited his
citizenship or rights as a citizen. Salathicl
Parrisli, by the testimony to which 1 have
invited the attention of the House, is shown
not to have been a deserter at all. This same
man, on whose action alone it is attempted by
the majority to reject the vote of this township,
so as to deprive the contestee of one hundred
and forty votes to which he is most justly and
legally entitled, was never a deserter. On the
contrary, he put in a substitute to relieve him-
self from every obligation under this draft law.
That is the evidence, and I challenge its suc-
cessful contradiction.
I further invite the attention of the House
to the fact that in the notice of the contestant
to the contestee there is not one word said
about the qualification or disqualification of
Salathiel Parrish as judge of election. He has
had 110 notice of any election contest on that
ground until he-went to make out his evidence
upon record before this committee. Yet it is
attempted here, without any previous notice,
without giving any opportunity to the sitting
member to contest or controvert this fact, to
rest the whole case upon this foundation.
But fortunately for the ends of justice, the
sitting member has shown by the most unques-
tionable testimony that not one solitary material
fact exists to justify the exclusion of this poll
on account of the disqualification of that elec-
tion officer.
Now, then, it is not proved, as I have said,
that he was a deserter. It is not proved that
he is the same person who by that name it is
alleged did desert. But it is proved by the
testimony of David Porch (H. Mis. Doc. 38,
part 2, p. 276, et seq.) that Salathiel Parrish,
who was the election officer, had furnished,
according to law, a substitute, and was released
from the draft in 1864. When the honorable
gentleman came to make up his report in this
case he thought he could rest the rejection of
the vote of this township on the case of How-
ard vs. Cooper, reported in Contested Election
Cases, (vol. 2, p. 282,) but he has discovered
ia some way that that case does not sustain his
position at all, because in that case there was
no analogy to this. In that ease but two per-
sons pretended to act as judges. There was,
therefore, no compliance with the law; but in
the case under consideration there was an
actual compliance with the law, and even if
Parrish were incompetent for the reasons
alleged, yet no fraud being alleged or proved,
he was a judge de facto, and the election was
clearly valid. In this connection I refer to
Miiliken vs. Fuller, Bartlett's Contested Elec-
tion Case, page 176 ; Ohio, &e. vs. Jftitt, Amer-
ican Law liegister for December, 1867, page
90; Barret vs. .Keed, 2 Ohio, 410; Johnson
vs. Stedman, 3 Ohio, 96 ; Elden vs. Sexton, 5
Ohio, 216, all of which are directly in point.
But I have a more authoritative decision on
this point, which ought to challenge the ap-
proval of the majority in this House. The
laws of Ohio provide that if either of the judges
of the election shall be a candidate for a State
or county office it shall be the duty of the elec-
tors present to elect a suitable person to actas
judge in the place of said candidate.
In the contested-election case of Grosvenor,
Republican, vs. Golden, "Democrat, before the
Senate of Ohio in 186-3-G6, one of the grounds
of contest was that Krwin Moore, one of the
judges of election, was a candidate for county
commissioner, and was thereby precluded by
the express terms of the statute from acting
as judge of the election. The Senate which
tried and decided this contest was three fifths
Republican. In speaking of a judge of the
election being a candidate, the majority of the
committee, in their report, say :
" The committee find this contrary to a provision
of the statute. But they further find that he (Moore)
did notactcqjruptly, but in ignorance of the law."
What did Salathiel Parrish do? Have they
proved any corruption or irregularity against
him? Have they proved any dishonest acts
on his part? Did he tamper witu the polls?
Not one thing have they proved. Not one
word has been said that soils the fair name of
this man as an Officer of that election, lie
was regularly chosen by the electors to hold
that election.
"The committee regard said action as irregular;
yet they arc of opinion, and so find, that all the
really essential requisites to constitute a valid elec-
tion were observed m this case, ihe election was
held at the proper time and place and by competent
authority, (to wit, the township tiustee*.; Tti.tr there
was 110 evidence ot fraud in conducting the sami,
and no doubt about the result."
That is exactly the case here.
"In view of these faets. we are unable to assign
any satisfactory reason lor_ rejecting this return/1
~ "The evidence is clear that ihe
election was conducted with entire fairness. We are
therefore of opinion that we can neither allegew.'nt
ot authority in the election board, Iraud in conduct-
ing the election, nor any uncertainty about tne result.
The supieme court ot this State have dccided in uie
cases of Ohio vs. Choate, 11 0. K., p. 511; Ohio vs.
Amy,12 O. II., p. 10; Ohio vs. Jacobs, 17 O. K., pp.
151, Ijo, ^at where an ohiecr acts under the color of
authority his acts will be binding, although m point
ot law and right he was 110 sin h officer. And 11 the
acts of a person who acts by color 01 author lty alone
will be sustained, there is eeitainiy much greater
reason lor sustaining the acts of areuiofiieer. although
the mode of his action has been irregular.''
The majority of the committee reported,
therefore, that the Democrat should retain his
seat against the claim of the Republican un
this same ground, and the Republican senate
adopted *hai resolution by a vote ot 20 against 11.
1 hola, therefore, Mr. Speaker, tfiat Sala-
thiel Parrish in this case was as good an officer
as any who sat upon ati election board in Ohio;
and I hold, also, that it this law against
deserters were a valid and constitutional law,
still his proceedings as a member of that-
board are legal and valid, and must be held
good by this House, because h e acted under
color of authority. He was legal!} chosen j
his conduct was regular; there is no JrauU
proved; there is no bad lUith sliowu; tUt-re
is no taint found upon any single act oi his.
Under such circumtitanees the acts of the offi-
cer, whether he possessed the legal qualifica-
tions to constitute him an officer dejiirg or not.
