1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
have always been held by all the courts of the
country to be valid, la the leading case tan
this subject, of the People vs. Cook, 14 Bar-
bour, 259. the court say :
" It is sufficient that they were inspectors de facto.
They came into oliice by color of title, and that IS
sufficient to consiiiute them officers de facto. Ihe
rule is well settled by a long series of adjudications,
both in England and this country, that acts done
by those who are officers de facto are good and valid
as regards the public, and third persons "who have
an in teres till their acts: and the rule has been applied
to acts judicial as well as mmi tetiat in their char-
acter. This doctrine has been held and applied to
almost every conceivable case."
I could cite authorities to the same effect to
almost any number. Out of tiie immense num-
ber of American cases in which this doctrine
has been emphatically stated as the law, I
deem it sufficient to cite the following: Com-
monwealth vs. Fowler, 10 Mass., 301 ; Mason
vs. Dillingham, 15 Mass., 170; McGregor  s.
Bach, &c., 14 Vermont, 428; Cuinmings vs.
Clark, 15 Vermont, 653 ; Kej ler vs. McKissom,
2 Rawle ; Neal vs. Oversears, 5 Watts, 5"8 ;
Bond vs. Bank Washington, 11 S. & li., 411;
McKean vs. Summers, 2 Perm., 297 ; Barrett
vs. Reed. 2 Ohio, 41U; Johnson vs. Stedman,
3 Ohio, 96 ; Elden vs. Sexton, 5 Ohio, 210 ;
St. Louis Co. vs. Sparks, 10 Mo., 117 ; Pritchett
vs. People, 1 Gilm.,-*!!!., 529; Cook rs.-Hall,
1 Gilni.. 580; People vs. Ammon, 5 Gilm.,
170, 13'Mich., 527; 1 Mon., (Ky..) 297.
But the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. ScofieldJ says that he has uis-
eovered another authority on which the House
may reject the vote of Pike township, because
of the disqualification of Salathiel Parrish.
And that is the case of Jackson vs. Wayne (1
Cont. Elee. Cas., p. 47) that came up from
the State of Georgia to this House. Now, my
worthy colleague is a lawyer, and I have a, right
to expect that when he invites the attention of
the House to a decision he will at least have
the kindness to give to that decision the only
construction it will bear; that he will at least
have the frankness to read that decision to the
House, in order that the House may be its own
judge, if he is not willing himself to put a con-
struction upon the case.
What did the House decide in that case? I
ask the attention of gentlemen to it. I read
from the syllabus of the case, which faithfully
indicates all there is in it affecting the case
now before the House :
" The law of Georgia requires that three vmqktrates
shall preside at elections; and it was held that_ a
ret nrn by thiee 2K'rswta, two ot whom were not magis-
trates, was defective."
•'Two of whom were not magistrates. '
"Well, what has that to do with this case ? If
the law ot' Ohio held that this election should
have been conducted by three township trus-
tees, and Salaihiei Panish was no trustee at all,
1 then this decision would apply. But this
decision has no application at all to^-his case.
In Georgia two of the election orlicers were
not magistrates at all. Therefore they were
not acting under color of authority ; they were
neither oilicers de jure nor de facto, lhey had
no legal right to preside at that election ; they
were not choten magistrates at all, regulaily
oi irregulaily, under color oi law or without it.
In this case Salathiel Parrish was acting under
the color of law, elected according to law in
every particular. And the honorable gentleman
only objects to hina because he was not person-
ally competent to be elected as a member ot
that election board because he was charged with
desertion. 4 ,
Now, suppose that S&lathiel Parrish had been
a citizen of Indiana, or a citizen oi Great Brit-
ain never naturalized, yet U the people ol Pike
tou nship. m pursuance ot law, under color ot
law, had elected hi in to preside at that elec-
tion, he would still have every particle of legal
authority that is necessary to make valid the
proceedings ot that board, because he would
be acting undercolor ot legal authority. And
the decisions arc too numerous to be cited, to
the effect that all such proceedings of such
boards, as to all third persons, must be held
to be legal, valid, and binding.
Mr. Speaker, I desire now to have the atten-
tion of the House very briefly to a considera-
tion of the alleged non-residents. In reference
to the legal votes rejected, to the alleged alien
votes, and the alleged minors, 1 respectfully
invite the attention of gentlemen to my report
under those respective heads, and there they
will find the law and the facts that pertain to
each one, stated according to my examination
of the case.
On page 27 of my report I state my conclu-
sion touching the alleged non-resident votes
that were cast lor the contestant; and when
the other day 1 came to compare my results
with those of the honorable gentleman who
made the report of the majority here, 1 found
some singular differences.
For instance, it gentlemen will refer to page
12 of the brief of the contestant, made by
the contestant himself, they will fit^d" that 19
persons are there put down as having voted
illegally for him, who are either idiots, minors,
or non-residents. And those 19 the contest-
ant, in his recapitulation of his own case,
upon his own examination and presentation of
it to the Committee of Elections, admits ought
to be rejected, yet, in making his repot t, in
this case, 1 find to my surprise that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania LMr. ScofieloJ has
lefused to reject from the count ol the contest-
ant some of the persons whom the contestant
himself conlesses were illegal voters, and should
not have been allowed to vote. 1 would like
to have the honorable gentleman answer why
he is not willing to deduct trom the vote of the
contestant the number the contestant himself
confesses were illegal.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does the gentleman wish
me to answer his question at this time?
Mr. KERR. Certainly.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If there is any name which
the contestant himself admitted was that oi a
non-resident, as the gentleman says, and it has
not been deducted, it has been by some mis-
take. The gentleman will recollect that it
was a vast labor to go over all these names;
he had almost a month ot time; the majority
were waiting for the minority to get ready, and
there may be some errors m that long list ol
names.
But 1 am satisfied that if there are any such,
they a,re not enough in any event to allect the
result. 1 presume the gentleman from Indiana
will acknowledge thatl intended to be peifectly
fair in the treatment of the evidence. _
Mr. KERR. 1 accept the gentleman's expla-
nation, but I will add that while I admit that
the case involved great labor, yet 1 think it
required just as much from me as from him.
My duty was no less than his, and ins no less
than mine, and if I had a month of time, he
had two months, and the House must judge
whose has been most faithfully discharged.
1 claim, Mr. Speaker, on behalf ol the
contestee, that the entire vote of Blue Rock
township shall be rejected ; atid I invite the
attention of the House to the facts in that
case.
It is claimed by the sitting member that, by
reason ol alleged gioss irauds, irregiilai ities,
and menacing disturbances at the election m
Blue Rock township, Muskingum county, the
entire poll should be rejected. The material
facts in reference to the precmct are as follows:
The officers of the election were ail the
political friends of the contestant. One hun-
dred and twenty persons voted there in 1860
who did not vote there ill 1805. J" 1805, at
the Governor's election, 129 votes were caj>t |
for Cox, the Republican candidate, and 79 \
votes lor Morgan, the Democratic candidate,
making the majority for Cox 50. At the con-
gressional election in 1800, -'00 votes are re-
turned for the contestant, and 89 lor the sitting
member. The majority for .\lr. Delano is 117,
and his inciease over the vote lor t>ox. in 1605.
is 07, and ihe increase in the township since
1865 is 87, and the increase in the vote for Mr.
Morgan is 10. In 1807, 711 more votes were
cast than ever before in tiie thirteenth district,
yet in that year the whole vole in this pre-
cinct was 258, being 37 less thaa in 800, and
Hays, the Republican candidate for Goveruor,
received in 1807 Joa votes, being 51 votes less
than Mr. Delano had in 1800, and l'hurmaii,
the Democratic candidate, received 103, being
li more than Mr. Morgan had in 1800.
The polls were closed for one hour by the
election othcers at dinner time. The law of
Ohio requires them to be opened '"between
the hours of six and ten o'clock m the morn-
ing," and continued open until six o'clock in
the afternoon. 'Ihe district court of Hamilton
couuty,i Ohio, by Justice Briukerhoff, a dis-
tinguished member of the supreme court of
Ohio, has decided, since the election in con-
troversy, that—
" Under the Ohio statute, passed March 3,1852,' to
regulate the election ol JState and county officers/
(3 Ourwen's Rev. Stat., section 1920,) after the polls
ot an election have been once opened between tho
hours oi six and ten in the morning in pursuance
thereto, they cannot be closed lor any purpose until
six o'clock in the afternoon, without renueriiig the
election illegal and void."—Suae vs. Met etui.. Am.
Li. Keg. for ijocembcr, 1807, p. 83.
The State of Ohio has a right to enact her
own election laws, and they are binding upon
this Congress, it has been the habitual prac-
tice of Congress for fifty years to follow as its
guide the laws regulating elections in the States
of this Union. The judicial tribunals of the
State are the highest authority that can inter-
pret the election laws ot a ibtate. One ol those
tribunals, of Republican organization, has ad-
judicated one of these laws, and has so ruled
as that the election in this township must be
held to be utterly void.
I hold ill my hand the decision of Judge
Brinkerhoff in that case, concurred in by his
four associates. The court use the following
language:
" It was beyond dispute that for about the space of
two hours the judges and clerk of election left th 
polls and took the ballot box away, returning aftor-
waid and resuming the election. Tuere is_nopre-
tense that tho ballot-box was tampcied with, but
that the judges rather acted 111 ignorance ot what
their duties were. ,
" The court is of opinion that such conduct on The
part of the judges goes to the substance of the elec-
tion and renders it void in toto. 'i ho statute pre-
scribes that the polls shall be opened atagiven hour
in the morning and closed at a given hour m the
atteinoon. it was the express design ot the Legisla-
luie that ail the time between these hours tile polls
should be kept open lortho convenience of any elect-
or who may choose to present his baliot. i'tie court
does not agree with counsel that it lies on the party
contesting the election to show alhrmativelj that the
closing the polls influenced the lesult. Tnelawgives
tho elector the pnvilego of consulting his own con-
venience as to what hour oi' the day he will visit the
polls, :ind it is a fair presumption that il the polls
were temporarily closed tor dinner, as w.is proved,
a portion ot the electors were deprived oi that privi-
lege."
In that case the judge says :
"There is no pretense that the ballot-box was
tampered with, but that the judges rather acted in
ignorance of what their duties were."
That is all Salathiel Parrish did ; nay, he did
not even do that.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me lor a moment!
Mr. KERR. I will yield for a question.
Mr. LAWREN'CE, of Ohio. I desire to
inquire of the gentleman whether he believes
the decision ot Judge Brinkerhoff, to which he
has relerred. to be good law? and 1 wi.-h also
to say that tf!e decision was made by the dis-
trict couit 
Mr. KEPiR. I am unwilling to be inter-
rupted any furlliei. i have already stated the
fact that the decision was made by the district
court.
Mr. SCOFIELD. "Will the gentleman allow
me a single remark?
Mr. KER11. Let me answer first the ques-
| tion of the gentleman from Ohio?
j Mr. SCOFIELD. i understand the majority
, and the minority to agree upon the point that
\ the returnb t'ro;n these townships shouid not be
rejected because the oilicers went to dr net.
Mr. KERR. 1 will answer both gentlemen.
I will sav. m reply to tiie gentleman lroiii
j Ohio. [MY. L.vwke.yceJ that speaking tor my-
I self as a member of this House, desiring to dis-
1 franchise no one, but to give every one the full
I benefit of the legal votes to winch he is enti-
' tied, i will say that if there existed in this case
