258
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 7,
Ho. oj? Reps.
Finances—Mr. Holman.
40m Cong....2d Sess.
escape condign punishment if guilty. And in
conclusion, let me say that I trust this great
work may be entered upon with due delibera-
tion and that justice may be done to both the
United States and the accused.
Finances.
SPEECH OF HON. W. S. HOLMAN,
OF INDIANA,
In the House op Representatives,
March 7, 1868.
The House, as in the Committee of the Whole,
having under consideration tho President's annual
message—
Mr. HOLMAN said:
Mr. Speaker: The attention of the House
has been called this morning to two of the
great subjects of this period, the tariff and
the payment of the public debt. The gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Blaine] has argued
that the public debt should be paid in coin,
while the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Bkoomaix] urges that the prosperity of the
country demands an increase of the tariff.
These gentlemen present the views of the Re-
publican party, of which they are distinguished
members, in their respective sections of the
Union. The tariff and the public debt are
Closely allied. The tariff and internal taxation
being the only agencies by which the public
exactions can be met, I differ with these gen-
tlemen on both of these questions. If the ]iay-
ment of the entire national debt iu coin and
the increase of the tariff, which now almost
reaches the point of prohibition, are measures
calculated to promote the interests of the peo-
ple of Maine and Pennsylvania, I am very cer-
tain, sir, they are measures at war with the
interestsof my constituents. I do not pretend,
sir, to any peculiar learning on the great ques-
tions of finance and political economy which
affect the destinies of nations—qnestious which
have staggered the greatest intellects of every
age; yet, sir, the main questions of finance
connected with the public revenue and the
public debt and the duty of the people ol" this
Government with regard to their national ob-
ligations are clearly within the comprehension
of every citizen. For the first time in history
the people themselves, on whom the burdens
of Government rest, decide the questions con-
nected with a great national debt, and fortu-
nately, sir, the whole people are informed of
the nature of their obligation, and able to de-
termine with justice the rights of the public
creditors.
And here, sir, there occurs inevitably a
divergence of opinion, for political parties in
a free State are the inevitable result of differ-
ence of opinion on fundamental principles of
Government. The questions which affect the
relations of labor and capital are either directly
or remotely the foundation of all political par-
ties, In monarchies the interests of capital
are always in the ascendant, for it is mani-
festly the policy of a strong Government to
centralize its wealth; hence the universal op-
pression of labor. Hitherto in our own coun-
try the general distribution of wealth has pre-
vented any direct antagonism between the
interests of capital and the interests of labor,
yet on the incidental questions which have
sprung up in our country affecting these two
great interests capital has ever obtained the
advantage, for from its very nature it can
readily concentrate its power, and never hesi-
tates to demand the advantage, and is never
wanting in a plausible pretext.
W e encounter for the first time in our his-
tory a great national debt. The debts created
by former wars were too inconsiderable to ex-
cite solicitude, but the debt now upon us, from
its magnitude and the nature of the obliga-
tions, justly excites a serious apprehension
that it will for many years greatly oppress
every department-of industry, and, more than
all, tend to change the genius and spirit of the
Government. With every consideration for
the magnitude of the war, it is scarcely cred-
ible that a debt of such magnitude could be
contracted in so brief a period. A few men,
officers of the Government and capitalists,
have determined the magnitude and regulated
the form of this debt. While the war absorbed
the attention of the whole people public vigi-
lance was impossible, and the most remark-
able feature, next to the magnitude of the debt,
is the unexampled rapidity with which the
wealth of the nation has been centralized
and the comparatively small number of per-
sons who have become tho holders of the vast
body of the public securities.
It was apprehended by the holders of these
securities both in Europe and at home that a
people who had been so long almost exempt
from taxation would be restive under the
heavy exactions of such a debt, a debt greater,
the rate oY interest considered, than was ever
before bom by any people ; hence the effort of
the bondholders in 1806 to secure the adop-
tion of the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution before the nature of the debt had
been fully considered, that the people might
be precluded from considering the nature of
their obligations. But that ingenious device
failed ; and the forbearance with which the
people are now considering the nature of the
debt and what is justly due to the bondholders
furnishes the highest guarantee that the public
honor will be maintained. On what basis
shall the debt be paid ?
The drift of the great political parties of the
country on this question cannot be misappre-
hended. The gentleman from Maine has spo-
ken the general sentiment of the iiepublican
party, the party which represents the great
body of these public securities—a party which,
from its very nature, from the character of its
leaders, from its elements, and its theories of
public policy, is, on a question like this, inevi-
tably on the side of capital. The gentleman
insists that the debt should be paid in coin,
and with his usual ability and force of argu-
ment has presented the whole question, and in-
sists that every consideration of public policy
demands that the bonds shall be paid in coin.
The gentleman demandsjustieeforthe bond-
holder. For one I am in favor of even-handed
justice to that class of our citizens ; or, whether
they be citizens or not, I am in favor of even-
handed justice to the holders of our public
securities. I do not think the nation can afford
to violate its plighted faith. I think that every
consideration of honor, of national preservation,
and of regard for the future calls upon the
nation to carefully preserve its honor from even
the taint of suspicion.
But, on the other hand, T think nothing is
clearer than that, in determining what is just to
the holders of our public securities, the fact
cannot be lost sight of that those upon whom
rests the obligation of paying these public
securities, and the annual interest accruing
thereon, have the same right to demand even-
handed justice at the hands of their Repre-
sentatives.
The capitalist has no greater claim to justice
than the masses of our people, upon whose
labor the whole fabric of the public debt rests,
who give to these bonds all the value they
possess, and in whose keeping is the public
faith. To the bondholder the public debt may
be a public blessing, but to the laboring tax-
payer and to his wife and children it is a
grinding curse. The laboring men, in the main,
filled the ranks of your gallant army. The
capitalists furnished the money, and the labor-
ing men are now called upon to pay the debt.
The capitalists have made no sacrifice at all, ,
and yet claim every exemption, no taxation,
and gold lor bonds purchased with currency
depreciated from thirty to one hundred and
eighty per cent, below the value of gold.
Mr. Speaker, common justice to the bond-
holder and, to the people who are to pay the
bonds demands that the debt should be paid
off upon the basis upon which it was made,
and it cannot justly be paid off upon any other
basis. The Representative who favors the in-
terest,of bondholders at the expense of the
labor which gives value to the bonds is charge-
able with manifest injustice, for if either in-
terest is to be preferred, capital or labor, does
not the conscience of every man tell him,
unless it be influenced by mercenary considera-
tions, that labor should have the preference?
On the 1st day of March, 1868, our debt
amounted to $2,519,829,622 84. The interest
for this current year is $129,678,078 50, and
of this amount of interest $119,961,£>58 50 is
payable in gold. The appropriations for the
expenses of the Government for this current
year, as estimated by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, besides the interest on the debt, is $182,-
183,736 92, making the entire expenditure for
this current year, according to the estimates,
$311,861,804 92. And to illustrate the mag-
nitude of the expenditures for the present year,
it will be remembered that the appropriations
for the last year of Buchanan's administration
were $06,703,592 46. It cannot be disguised
that even if the Government was administered
on principles of severe economy the burdens
upon the country would be exceedingly op-
pressive, and it is ^certainly proper to i educe
the demands upon the industry of our people
to the lowest point consistent with justice.
The nation can afford to be just, but nothing
more. The principal of tho public debt, ex-
cept the ten-forty bonds, amounting to $212,-
784,400,00, is clearly payable in lawful money.
The greenbacks now in circulation amount to
the sum of $350,157,747.
If the people pay this debt of $2,519,828,(522
on the basis on which it was contracted—
dollar for dollar—if they pay in lawful money
that part of the debt which is not specifically
payable ill coin, and pay in coin that portion
expressly payable in coin, it is all that the
bondholder can ask. When he asks more he
asks that, for his benefit, injustice shall be done
to the people on whose industry rests the value
of his securities. The gentleman from Maine
dwells on the consequences of issuing the vast
amount of legal-tender notes necessary to ex-
tinguish tho debt, and predicts universal ruin.
I do not understand that any person proposes
to issue enough legal tenders to pay off this
entire debt at once. I understand that those
who demand justice for the people take the
simple ground that the basis on which the debt
was contracted is the basis on which it should
be paid. If, while this debt was being con-
tracted between the year 1861 and 1805, we had
outstanding currency amounting to some eight
hundred and fifty million dollars, and on the
basis of that amount of currency this debt was
contracted, on that basis it ought to be paid.
It is scarcely possible for any gentleman to
argue that if it is necessary to raise $300,000,-
000 a year for the purpose of paying interest
on the public debt and carrying on the Govern-
ment, that that sum can be raised as well with a
currency of $050,000 as it could be on a basis
of currency corresponding with that which ex-
isted at the time the debt was contracted—5 8-50,-
000,000. Indeed, it would probably be just to
assume that the currency of the country daring
the time our debt was being contracted, every
element of currency considered, actually ex-
ceeded $900,000,000.
The bonds were purchased with ibis currency
dollar for dollar, while the difference between
( the currency and gold was from thirty to one
I hundred and eighty per cent. Is it an unrea-
j sonablc proposition that it is the right and
| duty of this Government, while this hea'.v
| weight rehts upon its industry, to keep in cir-
1 cuiauon. SiiaiuiaTing' the various branch'.". of
| labor, an amount of ctuToney substantially
! equal to that on which tho debt itself was
