18G8.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1759
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third'
reading, read the third time, and passed.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY", the Senate
resumed the consideration of executive busi-
ness ; and after some time spent therein
the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday,. March 9, 1808.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Saturday was read and
approved.
call op states for bills, etc.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order, this being Monday, was the call of
States for bills and joint resolutions for refer-
ence and not to be brought back by a motion
to reconsider.
navy of the united states.
Mr. PETERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
874) to reduce the expenses of the Navy of the
United Stales; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
safety of iidman life at sea.
Mr. ELIOT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
875) to indemnify owners of vessels for prop-
erty sacrificed to save human life at sea, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
bounties.
Mr. VAN AERNAM introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 87C) to extend the provisions of the
acts of July 22, 1861, and July 28, I860, in
relation to bounties; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
improvement of buffalo harbor.
Mr. VAN AERNAM presented concurrent
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
New York, in relation to appropriations for the
improvement of Buffalo harbor; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
thomas ii. dickson.
Mr. O'NEILL introduced a bill (II. R. No.
877) for the relief of Thomas II. Dickson, late
acting assistant paymaster United States Navy;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
national debt.
Mr. MILLER introduced a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 229) declaring that the enormous
expenditure raised by contribution and taxa-
tion to put down the late rebellion was re-
sponded to with alacrity unparalleled in his-
tory, and therefore it ought not to be required
of this generation to discharge, by taxation,
the entire national debt, but leave a portion
of it to be borne by the next-, on whom this
rich and noble Republic will descend ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and or-
dered to be printed.
claims of loyal citizens.
Mr. MILLER also introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 280) declaring it the duty of
Congress to make provision for the adjustment
and payment of claims due loyal citizens in
the la'.e rebellious States for subsistence, &c.,
taken in support of the Union Army, the same
as those due citizens in the States which re-
mained loyal; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Co'mmittee of Claims.
commerce and internal trade.
Mr. NICHOLSON introduced a bin (H. R.
No. 878) to encourage commerce and internal
trade by facilitating direct importation; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
car-iieating and ventilation.
Mr. WELKER introduced a bill (Ii. R.
No. 879) to incorporate the Lloyd Car-Heating
and Ventilating Company; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
iiarboit at michigan city.
Mr. COLFAX introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 880) for the completion of a harbor of
commerce and refuge at Michigan city, Indi-
ana ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
refunding duties on a bell.
Mr. COLFAX also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 881) refunding duties paid under pro-
test on the importation from France of a bell
donated for the use of the St. Mary's Institute
and Notre Dame University, Indiana; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
improvement of illinois iliyer.
Mr. COOK introduced a bill (II. R. No.
882) for the improvement of the Illinois river
from the western terminus of the Illinois and
Michigan canal to its mouth; which was read
a first and second time, and, together with the
accompanying papers, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
james lindsay.
Mr. LOAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
883) for the relief of James Lindsay; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
mississippi levee railway.
Mr. NEWCOMB introduced a bill _(H. R.
No. 890) to incorporate the Mississippi Levee
Railway and Steamship Company, and to aid
in the construction of levees on the Mississippi
river; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
islands in tiik wisconsin river.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, presented
a memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin,
for the confirmation of the title to unsurveyed
islands in the Wisconsin river; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
agricultural college scrip.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, also pre-
sented a memorial of the Legislature of Wis-
consin, for the removal of restrictions to the
further entry of public lands with agricultural
scrip in the State of Wisconsin; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
st. croix river.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, also pre-
sented a memorial of the Legislature of Wis-
consin, for the improvement of the St. Croix
river, bordering the States of Wisconsin and
Minnesota, and asking an appropriation there-
for ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce. .
rights of american citizens.
Mr. SAWYER presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Wisconsin, defining the
duty of the nation toward its native and
adopted citizens; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
mary ann ward.
Mr. SAWYER introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 884) for the relief of Mary Ann Ward;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
colorado and nevada volunteers.
Mr. HIGBY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
885) to amend an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1808, and for other
purposes," and for the relief of the Colorado
and Nevada volunteers; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affaix-s.
mary .t. trubman.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 880) for the relief of
Mrs. Mary J. Trueman ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
west virginia volunteer infantry.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, also in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 887) for the relief
of members of company A, Independent ex-
empts, West Virginia volunteer infantry; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
vincent st. vrair.
Mr. CLEVER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
888) for the relief of Vincent St. Vrair ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
indian depredations in utaii.
Mr. HOOPEH, of Utah, presented the me-
morial of the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of Utah, piaying for an appropriation
to pay for Indian depredations and expenses
incurred in suppressing Indian hostilities in
said Territory ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
penitentiary in colorado.
Mr. CHILCOTT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 889) to repeal certain parts of an act of
the Legislature of Colorado Territory entitled
"An act to locate the site and establish a
penitentiary for Colorado Territory, and for
other purposes;" which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Territories.
denver pacific railway.
Mr. CHILCOTT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 890) to grant the right of way to the
Denver Pacific Railway and Telegraph Com-
pany, and for other purposes ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
land titles.
Mr. IJURLEIGII introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 891) in regard to the title of individuals to
public lands ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
alexandria canal.
Mr INGEItSOLL introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 892) relating to the Alexandria canal ;
which was rend a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
bounties.
Mr. PILE presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Missouri, in reference to bounties;
which were referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
repair of levees.
Mr. PILE also presented resolutions' of the
Legislature of Missouri, in relation to repairing
levees, &e.; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Freedmen's Affairs.
improvement of buffalo harbor.
Mr. LAFLINprcsented the memorial of the
Legislature of the State of New York, in favor
of the improvement of Buffalo harbor; ■which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
invalid pensions.
Mr. "LINCOLN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
890) concerning invalid pensions and the time
of the commencement of the same ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
duty on wool.
Mr. HOTCHICISS introduced a joint reso-
lution (II. R. No. 231) to amend section two
of an act entitled " An act to provide increased
revenue from imported wool, and for other
purposes," approved March 2, 1867; which
