1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Finances—Mr, Holman.
Ho. op Reps.
made ? Can the public creditor complain of
this? Why, sir, the holders of our securi-
ties—the five-twenty bonds of the classes that
were first issued purchasing with currency—
hold them at a cost to them of about forty-
three cents on the dollar on the basis of gold.
I assume, therefore, not as the result of any
investigation of my own, but on the authority
of those who carefully investigate questions
of finance, that if you reduce the currency
until you can reach specie basis you in fact
increase the value of the bond the difference
between currency and gold at the time the
bond was issued, the value of the bond in gold
will after all substantially depend upon the
amount of lawful money in circulation, if the
debt is redeemable in currency. If you reduce
the paper until you reach a point where gold
and paper are worth exactly the same you
have really added fifty-seven per cent, to the
value of the security in the hands of the
holder, so that you may as well pay the whole
debt in gold as to reduce the currency to the
gold standard. Nothing can be more mani-
festly unjust than this, for if the debt had been
made on the basis of gold it would have scarcely
exceeded $1,256,000,000, instead of $2,500,-
000,000; and it requires no knowledge of
finance to perceive it. It is not necessary to
master more than the simplest rules of polit-
ical economy to see that if you contract a debt
on an inflated currency of $850,000,000, and
then reduce that currency down to $425,000,-
000 for the purpose of making currency and
gold of the same value, you by that process
inevitably increase the value of a bond pay-
able in currency to the amount of difference
between the value of gold and currency with
$850,000,000 of it in circulation.
It is against this that the Democratic party
protests. And here the different positions of
the advocates of the interests of capital and the
advocates of the interests of labor are clearly
developed. The Democratic party of the great
West and, in the main, throughout the country
—for we have voices from the Democracy of
the States of Maine and Pennsylvania echoing
back the voice of the West—are resolved on the
payment of this debt upon the basis on which
it was contracted, dollar for dollar, maintain-
ing good faith to the bondholder and good faith
to the laboring man.
Mr. UPSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he is anxious to have the paper cur-
rency of the country continue depreciated ?
Mr. HOLMAN. My answer is no. The
whole antecedents of the great party with which
1 have acted have favored a specie currency as
favorable under ordinary circumstances to the
interests of labor. For there can be nothing
clearer than that a currency, the value of which
is recognized by all nations, is the best repre-
sentatives of value. Gold is a currency better
adapted to the interest of the whole people,
bringing capital down to a proper basis and se-
curing to labor a just and certain equivalent.
But, sir, we are in an anomalous period of
our history, and the question is not what is the
best currency for the general business of the
country, to regulate or represent the value of
labor and capital, butwhat currency will justly
meet the present exigency of the nation. We
have contracted a great debt in a currency
greatly under the value of gold. Shall we pay
the debt in the same currency, or pay in a cur-
rency of much greater value? You increase
the value of the legal-tender currency just as
you diminish the amount in circulation. If
we had no debt we should have no divided
opinion. The question is not what is the best
currency, but in what currency should this debt
be paid? If you reduce the currency and
reach a specie basis you inevitably increase the
burdens of the people, because in fact you
require them to pay a larger sum of money—a
greater value—than they received for the bonds
they are required to j>ay.
Mr. UPSON. I wish to ask the gentleman
this question : if we raise the value of paper
currency to par, do we thereby increase the
value of gold?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly not. The per-
tinency of the question is not very apparent.
Either the gentleman or myself do not fully
comprehend it.
Mr. UPSON. My point is this: ifthepaper
dollar is worth a gold dollar I do not know
why it would not pay the debt just as well as
gold.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no question about
that. Does not the gentleman know that if
you contract a debt oil the basis of a volume
of currency amounting to $850,000,000 and you
reduce the currency to $300,000,000 to reach
a specie basis, you do in fact, waiving any fine-
spun theory of political economy, substantially
if not more than double, the value that must be
paid to redeem the debt? The gentleman
would reach the point where the gold and
paper dollar would be of the same value, but to
do this you must increase the value of the paper
dollar by reducing the amount in circulation.
If you can do it in any other way you will not
increase the burden of payment, and yet you
would increase the value of the security as you
would pay in a more valuable currency. But
this is mere speculation; you can only for the
present increase the value of legal-tender notes
by reducing the amount in circulation, and just
to that extent you pay more than you agreed
to pay by your bonds. If you increase the
currency beyond what it was when the bonds
were issued and pay the bonds in that currency
the holder of the bond may complain. If you
diminish the currency as you have done you
simply enhance the currency value of the bond
by increasing the value of the currency in which
it is to be paid, and the people may justly com-
plain of this.
The gentleman says it is the interest of the
Government to come to a specie basis. The
general proposition is correct. But I answer
that the condition of our affairs renders it
impossible, and unjust if it were possible;
because in doing it you double the burden
upon labor and increase the value of capital
represented by these bonds.
Gentlemen talk about justice to the bond-
holders. It may be regarded as a settled law
of this land that a debt incurred prior to the
issue of legal tenders, or by its terms expressly
payable in gold, is payable in lawful money,
made lawful money and a legal tender by act
of Congress. If the gentleman owes me a
debt incurred on the 7th of March, 1861, and I
demand payment, he pays me in lawful money
of the country; so if the debt is expressly pay-
able in gold. The courts have deliberately held
it to be a lawful payment, although at the time
the debt was contracted it was then payable in
specie, then the only lawful money recognized
by our laws. We issue bonds, sell them for the
lawful money in circulation, the bondholder
becomes a creditor of the Government, the bond
payable in lawful money, and he demands pay-
ment of his debt in gold. Will any fair-minded
man say that his debt is entitled to any greater
consideration than any other debt? If it was
just for the Government to pay the pensions of
the soldiers of the Revolution, three of whom
survived until near the close of the late war,
and the pensions of the soldiers of all the sub-
sequent wars up to the late civil war, when at
the time their pensions accrued gold and silver
were the only lawful money, in lawful money,
greenbacks, is the bondholder entitled to greater
consideration ?
Mr. AXTELL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him what are the greenbacks to be
paid in?
Mr. HOLMAN. They are payable, sir, at
the pleasure of the Government in whatever
the Government of the United States declares
to be lawful money. It must be regarded as
the established law of the land by judicial de-
cisions, that United States notes mado lawful
money by act of Congress are lawful money—
not a promise to pay a debt hereafter or at pres-
ent, but money—representative of value for all
the uses of social, domestic, and political life.
Congress may regulate the value of money, and
the fact that United States notes are money
rests upon not only the acts of Congress, but
also on the almost uniform decisions of the
courts of justice, and, more than that, on the
public wealth and faith of the nation. When in
the future we shall reach a specie basis coin will
be lawful money as it is now, and it will then
be to the interest of the whole people that the
currency that shall regulate values shall be the
currency which is lawful money in the judg-
ment of all nations. But, sir, the legal-tender
notes, " United States notes,1' are money, legal
representatives of value in the proper sense of
the_ word, and have just as much value as an
artificial representative of values as pieces of
gold and silver on which the Government has
stamped a similar declaration of value. I sa;y
this with reference to legal representatives of
value, the artificial convenience of commerce
and of political society. We have acted on this
idea without embarrassment for seven years ;
and all this is true while gold has an intrinsic
value which paper does not possess.
Mr. BLAINE. Each legal-tender note says
upon its face that the United States promises
to pay a dollar. What is that dollar that they
promise to pay ?
Mr. HOLMAN. The dollar which they
promise to pay is what they themselves declare
to be a dollar.
Mr. BLAINE. What do they declare to be
a dollar?
Mr. HOLMAN. They declare that United
States notes shall be received in payment of
all dues, except certain duties on imports, and
shall be lawful money.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman does not
touch the question. I hold in my hand a note
on which "the United States promises to pay
ten dollars." It does not promise to pay that
note. That is the evidence of the promise.
Now, what is it that they promise to pay?
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not the gentleman a
little technical? Is not that looking at the
form of the instrument instead of the substance
of the instrument? When Congress declared
that paper which the gentleman holds in his
hand to be lawful money, did they not give it
the effect of lawful money as a means of rep-
resenting values for the extinguishment of
debt just as much as if they had declared a
piece of gold to bo of that value as lawful
money?
Mr. BLAINE. No,^ sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Maine mention the difference?
Mr. BLAINE. I will mention the differ-
ence. The gentleman will see that the United
States have, by various laws, established that
a certain number of pennyweights of gold shall
constitute a lawful dollar, and when this war
broke out the United States issued some paper
promises to pay, which were redeemable in
those dollars. They found they were not able
to redeem them, and they then issued indefinite
promises, not being able then to assign a date
when they would give gold, but it was none
the less an honorable obligation on the part of
the United States to pay a dollar at some
time; and the gentleman entirely confuses
logic and history and fact when he says the
United States declares that that piece of paper
is a dollar. On its face it is a promise to pay
a dollar. It nowhere says that it is a dollar.
It is merely a promise to pay a dollar; and so
long as it is not redeemed—and here is the
gentleman's point—the United States says that
that promise of its own shall circulate between
its citizens as though it were paid; but it is not
a dollar; it nowhere declares itself to be a
dollar: it is nothing else than a promise to pay
a. dollar, and so long as it is not paid it is sus-
pended paper, just as much as the gentleman s
