3808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
July 7,
out such a place one might, in view of events
■which have recently transpired in this Repub-
lic, well doubt the wisdom and providence of
the Creator. The use and the necessity for such
a place as the infernal regions we now fully
comprehend, but in relation to Alaska our
information is so limited that conjecture can
assign no use for it unless it was to demon-
strate the extent of folly to which those in
authority are capable in the acquisition of use-
less territory. That it is an utterly barren
waste, wholly incapable of Supporting a popu-
lation of civilized people, is substantially ad-
mitted by those who speak most earnestly in
favor of its acquisition, and that it is entirely
worthless for any useful purpose is not seri-
ously denied.
It is true that we have had most glowing
descriptions given us by some who favor this ap-
propriation of the beautiful scenery of Alaska,
of the Balubrity of its climate, of the productive-
ness of its soil, of its azure skies and balmy
breezes, of its boiling springs and brimstone
vapors, of its vast mineral wealth, of its vast
deposits of coal, iron, and copper; of its
mines of cinnabar, silver, and gold, and of its
brilliant diamonds of the largest size and purest
water, lying around in the utmost profusion.
And I acknowledge the pleasure derived from
listening to these graphic descriptions drawn
from the prolific imagination of some of our
most gifted orators.
But everything that is pleasant to hear is
not therefore necessarily accurate and truthful.
Many of us have heard the pleasing stories of
the Arabian Nights' Entertainment and of
Gulliver's Travels, and of Baron Munchausen,
and yet I doubt if the most zealous admirers
of Alaska believe all these stories to be true,
albeit there are none of them more improbable
or unreasonable than are those told us of
Alaska.
Alaska being the desolation that even its
friends concede it to be, it may be well asked
why we should appropriate $7,200,000 in gold
to acquire it.
One enthusiastic gentleman, drawing on his
memory for a poetical quotation, hastens to
reply—
" No pont-up Utica contracts our powers,
The whole, the boundless continent is ours."
" Advance the flag to the frozen regions of
the North, and extend the blessings of liberty
and universal sutfrage, without regard to race
or color, sex or condition, to the utmost verge
of the universe"—to all of which I most cor-
dially say amen, if it is not to be done at our
expense.
Another friend of this measure, and who, I
believe, is also a great admirer of General
Grant, and especially of his strategic move-
ments in military operations, is greatly de-
sirous of securing a position in Alaska as a
flank movement against Great Britain, by
means of which we will have British Columbia
between the upper and nether millstone, and
we will thereby be enabled to grind that coun-
try out of Great Britain. In this connection
I would suggest to those who favor flank
movements that it might also be very judicious
to secure Greenland and Iceland as strategic
points to operate against Great Britain ; and I
can assure my venerable friend from Pennsyl-
vania that the boiling springs of Iceland are
much larger and hotter than are those of
Alaska. But a much more extended flank
movement could be made against the British
possessions in Australia, if we could secure a
position on the Antarctic continent, say in the
vicinity of Mount Erebus or of Mount Terror.
I am unable to give any assurance as to the hot
springs there; but I have no doubt the fires in
the mountains will be perfectly satisfactory to
all who explore them.
Returning to the upper and nether millstone
argument, I desire to suggest that since the
birth of this nation the success that others
have met with in grinding territory out of the
British Government has not been of that emi-
nent character that ought to induce us to try
that process on Great Britain. If I remember
aright, we have had some contests with that
Government on the subject of territory, and
perhaps some of our friends from Maine could
inform us of the extent of the territory we
acquired, or lost, on account of disturbances
on the Aroostook. And at a later date I
remember something of a political war-cry of
"64-40 or fight." We did not light, and 1
Would be glad to know from my grinding friend
how much territory we acquired as a condition
of peace. My recollection is that our bound-
ary was dropped to 49°, and that instead of
gaining we lost 6° 40' of territory on that
occasion.
The fact is, experience has proved that as
grinders of other nations we are not a success,
and if we over acquire British Columbia it will
not be by the grinding process, but most likely
we will buy it as we have done m the case of
all our other acquisitions. We bought Louisi-
ana and Florida, annexed Texas, and then
assumed her debts for a greater amount than
she was ever worth. We acquired New Mexico
and California under a treaty of peace, by
which we stipulated to pay for them all they
were worth, and afterward we purchased Ari-
zona and the Mesilla valley. We have never
acquired any territory, so far as I am advised,
by force, and in the present condition of this
country I most earnestly protest against taking
position in Alaska for the purpose of appro-
priating British Columbia by force. In former
times the grinding process would have been
objected to as a means of acquiring territory,
because of its dishonesty ; but in these latter
days, in view of the modern practices, it is
very possible that such ideas will be considered
somewhat out of fashion and entitled to no
consideration.
And there are some who urge as a reason
why this appropriation should be made that
it would be so humiliating to have our flag
hauled down in Alaska. I ask such how came
the flag there, and by what authority was it
raised there? It is there without the lawful
authority of this Government, and was placed
there by a set of intriguing speculators as one
of the means to induce Congress to make this
appropriation. I will never consent to have
the flag lowered in any place that justly owes
its allegiance to this Government, but I am not
willing to permit intriguing demagogues to
traffic on the patriotic sentiment of our people,
and to invoke their pride in the supremacy of
their flag as a means to unjustly prize money
out of their pockets. The Representatives of
the people should teach all such "Jeremy
Diddlers" a lesson that will forever put an end
to all such confidence games.
Another class of gentlemen favor this appro-
priation for the sake of perpetuating the friend-
ship of Russia. "While it is our policy as well
as our desire to maintain amicable relations
with all Governments, I am sure the people of
this Republic will never consent to buy the
friendship of any nation, If Russia or any
other nation can afford to break the bonds of
friendship that now exist between us, however
much we might regret it, we could never con-
sent to buy their restoration with money. We
stand the equal of any nation, and we will not
accept the friendship of any on terms that
imply our inferiority.
If Russia will ask us to give her the price of
Alaska as a donation because she is in distress,
and the gift would be accepted as a favor con-
ferred, 1 should have no objection to make the
gift, for the sum of money demanded is but a
trifle to us ; and I should be willing to oblige
a triend with such a trifle, but when Russia
comes in the characterof a "Jeremy Diddler,"
claiming the fruits of the confidence game
which he has been playing on some of our
agents, ivho are either incapable or unwilling
to protect the interest and the honor of our
country and threatens us with his displeasure
if we refuse our consent to the swindle, I re-
spectfully ask to be excused from acceding to
his unjust demands. And if the Russian Gov-
ernment can do without our friendship I think
we can survive its displeasure.
The price named in this appropriation is not
worth an hour's debate if that was all there
was in .it, but the questions incidental to it are
of the very gravest character. If approved
by this House it furnishes a precedent which
establishes the right of the Executive, by and
with the approval of two thirds of the Senate,
to acquire territory and annex it to the Repub-
lic to any extent they please, and to pledge the _
credit of this Government for such sums of
money as they please in payment therefor,
without the consent of the Representatives of
the people and against, the will of the people.
This I do not believe can be lawfully done, and
it would be very impolitic and unwise for us
by our action to give any countenance or sup-
port to such usurpation. In Governments pre-
cedents almost at once acquire the force of
positive law, and all such usurpations of power
should be promptly suppressed.
In yielding our assent to the usurpation of
the Executive, and the Senate in recognizing
their right to acquire territory and annex it to
the Republic without the consent of Congress,
we incur a still greater danger to the Republic
in this : that a concession of the right to
acquire and annex territory by treaty neces-
sarily carries with it the right by a treaty to
dispose of and transfer the territory of the
United States—a doctrine subversive of the
fundamental principles of the Government and
one which the people of this country will not
tolerate for a moment.
Returning again to Alaska, the acquisition
of this inhospitable and barren waste would
never add one dollar to the wealth of our coun-
try or furnish any homes to our people. To
suppose that any one would willingly leave the
mild climate and fruitful soil of the United
States, with its newspapers and churches, its
railroads and commerce, its civilization and
refinement, to seek a home among the Aleutes
in the regions of perpetual snow, is simply to
suppose such person to be insane. Besides,
wc have territory largely in excess of any
demand for it, and we are seeking to induce
emigration from Europe by all means that we
can command. We are seeking to establish
agencies of emigration and are substantially
ottering premiums to induce emigrants to come
aud occupy our rich, productive, but unsettled
lands. On the rich soils of the Mississippi
valley, under the mild climate of the temperate
zone, we have room for one hundred million
souls without crowding. The iron mines of
Missouri adjacent to inexhaustible coal-fields
can furnish, at the lowest rates, all the iron
the world will want for the next five hundred
years. Then why talk of the iron of Alaska
as an inducement for its purchase?
The copper mines of Lake Superior, of Mis-
souri, Nevada, and of California are ample to
meet all the demands of the Republic for the n ex t
one thousand years. "TheComstock lode"
in Nevada has already furnished more than
eighty million dollars of gold and silverbullion,
and the price of Alaska applied to the con-
struction of the Sutro tunnel would open to
the mining enterprise of this country known
deposits of silver and gold that would furnish
more bullion to the wealth of the Republic than
all other mines in the world produce. Why
buy Alaska for the sake of its contingent mines
that could, if they exist, only be worked in
eternal snow and ice? As to the diamonds
said to exist in Alaska, better can be picked tip
any day on the streams of California. These
gems are known in the markets of the world
as California diamonds—beautiful but inex-
pensive jewels.
Alaska is utterly worthless, and if it were
otherwise we have no earthly use for it. Our
people do not wish to emigrate there, and if
they did we have no population to spare, but we
have territory in excess of our wants. Gen-
eral Wilson, of the Land Office, in making the
best plea he could for Alaska, says there are
twelve million acres of land on which grass will
grow. Suppose it is so; what does it amount
to? It was but the other day the Senate rati-
fied a treaty by which the United States gave
