876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
Court of the United States where the court
would not listen to the claimant to prove her
loyalty, and said that being in an enemy coun-
try lier property was subject to be treated as
enemy property in accordance with the prin-
ciple often announced from that bench, and
that the property must be sold and its proceeds
go into ihe Treasury of the United States, and
then at any lime within two years from the
close of the rebellion the claimant would have
a rightto file her petition in the Court of Claims
and obtain redress if she was entitled to it.
That high tribunal would not listen for a
moment to the idea of adjudicating upon the
rights to property which had been seized, but
turned it over to the tribunal which the law
had provided to pass upon that question ; and
yet tne Secretary of the Treasury could pass
upon all these questions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who was the Chief
Justice who delivered that opinion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Chief Justice Chase.
I suppose the Senator, by asking that question,
would make a point upon this report of the
Secretary of the Treasury where he gives the
opinion of Mr. Secretary Chase and Mr. Secre-
tary Fessenden. Now, I suppose, Mr. Presi-
dent, that if the Chief Justice ever gave such an
opinion as'the present Secretary of the Treas-
ury states, he did it at a time when this matter
attracted very little attention, and without a
careful investigation, just as the Senator from
Maine indorsed a similar opinion without hav-
ing examined the question, and now tells us in
the Senate that he has entirely forgotten the
circumstances; bat when the Chief Justice
came to examine this question judicially—when
the Supreme Court in another chamber of this
building came to investigate the matter—we
have their Unanimous opinion that the proceeds
of this property must go into the Treasury of
the United States, and the claimant, if he has
any remedy, must seek it in the Court of Claims.
But my friend from Ohio, £Mr. Sherman,]
the other day, stated that I had been mistaken
in asserting that the Secretary of the Treasury
had paid any Claims of the character alluded
to in the opinion of the Attorney General after
that opinion wtt delivered. He stated upon
that occasion:
** AU that I said, and what is bow shown to be
true, is this: that the Secretary had complied with
the opinion, first of the solicitor, until that was
modified by the opinion of the Attorney General,
and then had complied with the opinion of the
Attorney General."
And the Senator went on to remark that he
waa a little surprised that I should have con-
troverted the statement-made by him; that the
Secretary had not followed this opinion of the
Attorney General. Well, sir, I asserted that
there had been paid of these claims, after this
opinion was given, hundreds of thousands of
dollars. I reiterate it to-day ; I am prepared to
show it by this paper; and shall be prepared to
show it more conclusively when the answer to
a resolution of this body asking for the papers
in these cases and other information is re-
ceived. Still I wish to say in that connection
now, that I offered a resolution of inquiry in
this body, something like a month ago, which
was adopted, calling upon the Secretary of the
Treasury to report to the Senate the facts in
Iregard to these cotton transactions, and no
answer has yet been received to it. The Sen-
ate called upon him to respond, and we have
got no response; and, sir, I give notice now
that unless an answer is soon received I shall
call the attention of the Senate again to that
resolution, and if the Senate sustains me we
will compel the Secretary of the Treasury to
respond to the respectful resolutions of this
body.
N ow, sir, I propose to show that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has paid hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars of these claims since the Attor-
ney General's opinion was given. Tfce Senator
from Ohio, in denying this, bases his statement
upon this passage in the Secretary's report:
" This opinion of the Attorney General has since
governed the action of this Department as to cases
considered fairly coming within the purview of the
Yes, it has governed the Department con-
cerning cases considered by him (Mr. Secre-
tary) as fairlv coming within the purview of the
opinion! That is what he savs. He does not
deny that he has paid claims; but he, in his dis-
cretion, hSs determined whether they come
fairly within the opinion of the Attorney Gene-
ral, although the law passed in 1862, repeated in
1863, reSnacted in 1864, in so many words said
"the proceeds thereof shall be paid into the
Treasury of the United States." I have read
what the Secretary says; what do the figures
show? I will read from this same document.
On page 111 find that on the 8th day of Octo-
ber ana on the 27th day of October, 1865—mark
you, the Attorney General's opinion was given
in Julv, 1865—there was paid to G. W. Turner
and Clark Wright & Co. $43,986 02 for cotton
"erroneously seized as abandoned." Per-
haps the Senator will say that is abandoned
property. Well, let him turn to another item.
On the 7th of April, 1866, there was paid to
William H. Thornton and others $15,397 14.
For what? For cotton "erroneously seized
not as abandoned property, but as "erroneously
seized." In July, 1866, only a few months ago,
there was paid to YVatts, Crane <fe Co. $48,305 42
for property " erroneously seized."
Mr. SHERMAN. By the Treasury agents,
I suppose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is added by my
friend. How does he know that it was erro-
neously seized by the Treasury agents?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is to be presumed that
is so, because the Secretary says that he has
complied with the opinion of the Attorney
General which authorized him to review the
acts of his own agents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Attorney General
never gave an opinion that he could review
the action of his own agents even in regard
to abandoned property.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is hardly worth while
to base an argument against the Secretary on a
supposition of that kind.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He does not use the word
"captured" there.
Mr. SHERMAN. The distinction between
property taken by the military authorities,
which was called "captured property," and
property taken by his agents is continually
kept up by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Whenever he refers to captured property he
speaks of it as "captured."
Mr. TRUMBULL. He speaks of "property
abandoned" in this report; and I judge he
does not mean the same thing when he speaks
of "abandoned property" that he does when
he speaks of " seized property.'' I have shown
by the law that it was the duty of the Presi-
dent and of these officers to seize rebel prop-
erty; and there is no opinion of the Attor-
ney General that the Secretary has a right to
pass upon the claims in regard to abandoned
property.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Attorney General Speed
directs him to give it up in one case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should have come to
that by and by in replying to my friend, but if
he will look at that opinion he will see in the
outset of it that the Attorney General says:
. "As no legal question has been asked, I suppose it
it intended that I should express ap opinion as to the
legality and propriety of holding the cotton seized by
the Treasury agents."
No legal opinion is asked of him, and then
he goes on to give an opinion on the facts of
the particular case, that property coming
through a rebel may be given up; and my friend
from Vermont says:
j ^ should not myself put that construction on the
I do not think anybody would who had
looked at all the statutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It seems that an Attorney
General did.
. Mr. TRUMBULL. The Attorney General
did not speak of captured or abandoned
property.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He spoke of that named
in his letter.
M"r. 'TRUMBULL. He spoke of the par-
ticular article of property, the facts in regard
to which h<3 details. What I say is that the
Attorney General has never given the opinion
that the Secretary of the Treasury had a right
to revise the action of his, agents in regard to
abandoned property.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That opinion clearly
shows that he held it to be the duty of the
Secretary to revise the mistake of his agent in
seizing property when he Ought not to have
seized it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I deny that it establishes
any such principle. The Attorney General
says in the outset that no legal opinion is asked
of him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He means by that that
no specific question is asked, but then he goes
on to say that he supposes it to mean whether
it is lawful to review and give up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; he does not say
that. He says, " The facts as disclosed iu this
bundle of papers are substantially as follows;"
and he then goes on to detail what they are,
and it seems that the question raised in the
case and upon which he is passing is whether
the particular property belonged to the con-
federate government. Now that is not the
question in regard to the great mass of the
property which was taken. The question is
whether it was the property of persons who
had given aid and comfort to the rebellion, not
whether it was the property of the confederate
government. Independent of any of these
laws of confiscation and forfeiture, by the gen-
eral rules of war all property belonging to the
confederate government vested in the United
States when the United States took possession
of it. It requires none of the acts or Congress
to which I have referred to establish that right.
That is not one of the classes of cases about
which we are having this discussion. We are
speaking of cases where property was seized
as belonging to individuals. The act of July
17, 1862, is aimed at individuals, and so is the
act of March 12,1863, and so is the act of July
2, 1864. AH of them have relation to the prop-
erty of individuals, not to that of the confed-
erate government. . There never was any ques-
tion about the title of the United States to
property belonging to the confederate gov-
ernment, and the Attorney General merely
gives his opinion on the facts of a particular
case as to whether certain property seized as
belonging to the rebel government did in fact
belong to it. He gave no opinion as to whether
it was liable to seizure as belonging to a rebel,
it not having been so taken.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Allow me to ask my
friend whether that opinion of the Attorney
General is not upon the question whether the
Secretary of the Treasury has any right to
review the supposed or alleged errors of his
agents in taking the particular cotton named
in that letter; and if that is so, (which it seems
plain, if language means anything in the case,)
he tells him in words that he has no right to
hold it; bis agents made a mistake, and he
ought to give it up ? If that is so, how can my
friend distinguish between the power of the
Secretary of the Treasury to review a mistake
of his agent as to property said to be confed-
erate cotton and a mistake of his agent in seiz-
ing property which was the property of a pri-
vate person ? If he cap review in the one case
can he not in the other?
Mr.. TRUMBULL. The Congress of the
United States has never authorized the Court
of Claims to hear a suit brought by the con-
federate government in regard to property
seized as the property of that government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Cannot Billups go into
fcbat court?
Mr. TRUMBULL. NoBillups cannot
get into that court. He cannot get in far
enough to be heard. He is disloyal; be was
a rebel, and rebels cannot be heard in the
Court of Claims, and perhaps the Senator will
find in that fact a reason why they prefer being
heard at the Treasury Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. lb* eourt ewwot deter-
