2784
IB® 00^aEIS8I0 K G-LOBfi.
a subject of this kind. I bestowed that labor
with a determination to reach exact and abso-
lutely correct results, because m the outset,.
on account of a . difference 'which arose be-
tween me and the majority of this Committee
of Elections, I had some little misunderstand-
ing with the member of the committee from
Pennsylvania; [Mr. .Stevens,] which led to
siichastate of things that we could notexchange
our reports. On that account I made if pos-
sible a more careful and scrutinizing examin-
ation of every part of tbis case. Hence it is
that 1 could not make my report shorter, and
do justice to the facts and law which controlled
my own judgment in the case. Now, sir, in
conclusion, let the judgment of the House be
what it may, I shall abide in the deep and
earnest conviction that the denial of the seat to
the contestee, Mr. Morgan, will be a great pub-
lie wrong and merit the most signal rebuke at
the hands of the people. It will, in myopinion,
be a decision disgraceful to this House; that
can only be tolerated, never justified, on merely
partisan grounds. It will establish a most dan-
gerous precedent, which I hope no future Con-
gress will ever follow. If I belonged to the
majority in this House, I should desire the
record of such a decision in this case to be for-
ever kept from the observation of my fellow-
men. It is discreditable to our country that
such a judgment can be entered by the highest
legislative body of the Republic. The injustice
it does to the sitting member is the least deplor-
able of its results, for that his constituents will
speedily rebuke ; but the dishonor it does the
House and the country are irreparable.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I know how difficult it is to command the atten-
tion of the House in the consideration of a case
like this, involving as it does an examination
of dull details of facts and the decisions of
questions of law scarcely more interesting.
Whatever may be the result in this case, I
think there is one thing about which there can
be no controversy; and that is that the amplest
time and fullest opportunity have been given to
the sitting member [Mr. Morgan] to ascertain
his rights ; and that there has been no disposi-
tion to bring the House to a vote until every
effort to ascertain the rights of the parties to
this contest was exhausted. For fifteen months
the contestee has occupied the seat he now
holds; until more than half of this entire
Congress has passed away, and at last, at this
late period of the Fortieth Congress, we are
brought to the final consideration of the ques-
tions involved in this contest.
A brief statement of the facts will bring me
to the consideration of the questions which I
propose to discuss, and which I will endeavor
to present as briefly as may be possible.
At the last annual election for member of
Congress in the thirteenth congressional dis-
trict of Ohio the contestee and the contestant
were opposing candidates. The canvassing
officers, to whom the returns of the election
were made, decided that the sitting member
4was elected by a majority of 271 votes. Now,
if the contestant, Mr. Delano, has proceeded
in the mode prescribed by the act of Congress
for contesting elections, and if he has shown
that he received a majority of all the legal votes
cast at that election, then he is entitled to his
seat; but if he has failed in either of these par-
ticulars, then the contestee must remain where
he is.
Mr. G-RISWOLD. Will the gentleman from
Ohio yield to me for a moment?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to inquire whether the resolution for a recess
will operate to-day, with the present question
pending before the House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The order
for a recess, made by unanimous consent on
last, Monday, provides that a recess shall be
taken at half past four o'clock when the tax bill
is under consideration in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Then I desire at this
point to move that a recess betaken this after-
noon from half past four till half past seven for
the purpose of finishing this question, so that
we may take up the tax bill to-morrow.
Mr. SCOPIELD. The motion is not in
order, I believe; andd object to it. We can
get nobody here to-night to vote on this case.
Why should we not go right on and dispose
of this question? If the House is going to
extend everybody's time, giving gentlemen two
hours and more when they ought to condense
their remarks into, one, I do not know when
we shall get through with this case. Bu^ I
have already given notice that I intend to call
for a vote to-night.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Sco-
field,] if he will allow me, whether he intends
to deprive the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Morgan,] the sitting member, of an oppor-
tunity to make a speech upon this case?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have had no intention
about it. I supposed that the sitting member
would make his speech. The House has already
allowed to one member of the committee some-
thing over two hours. I am willing to remain
here and listen to the discussion of the case as
long as anybody else, though it is not quite so
interesting to me as it may be to other gentle-
men who have not heard so much of it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman has
not quite answered my question. I inquired
whether he, as the member having charge of
this subject, intended to call the previous ques-
tion, so as to prevent the sitting member from
making his speech.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I suppose that when the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] shall
have concluded, the sitting member will bo
entitled to the floor for an hour, if he desires it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE.. I understand that he
d°MrdfcOFIELD. _ Well, I shall not inter-
fere with his getting it.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I will so frame my mo-
tion as to provide for taking a vote on this
question to-morrow morning immediately after
the reading of the Journal. My motive is that
we may finish, if possible, the discussion of this
question to-night, so as to enable the Hous3
to take up the tax bill to-morrow.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that, without unanimous con-
sent, no motion is in order except the motion
to take a recess.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Then I will make the
motion for a recess, with the understanding I
have stated.
Mr. BLAINE. Is that with the intention
of voting on this election case to-night?
Mr. GRISWOLD. No, sir; with the under-
standing that no vote shall be taken to-night,
but that we may finish the discussion of the
question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Grirwold] intend to
be here to-night, provided that arrangement
be made?
Mr. GRISWOLD. Undoubtedly I shall.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rather thought the
gentleman was seeking an opportunity to get
away.
Mr. GRISWOLD. My object is simply to
dispose of this question as soon as it can prop-
erly be disposed of in order that the House
may take up the tax bill. That is my only
motive.
Mr. BLAINE. Then the object is to take
up the tax bill to-morrow.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I understand it to be the
desire of a number of gentlemen that 1 shall
withdraw my motion. Of course, I do not wish
to press it "against their wishes, and I with-
draw it.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. A majority of
the Committee of Elections report that 464 of
the votes given for the sitting member were
illegal and should be rejected. The gentleman
from Indiana, who submitted the views of the
minority of the Committee of Elections, claims
that the contestant has failed to establish his
rightto the seat, both in the form of the proceed-
ing which he adopted an$ as a matter of fact on
the- evidencehe has submitted. In other words,
he makes a question of law and of fact. Ana
first, he says that the contestant lias not pro-
ceeded in the mode prescribed in the act of
Congress. The objection he makes is that the
"notice of contest'1 is not sufficiently specific
and certain. That I may not mistake the view
he takes, I will read from the opinion of the
minority, on page 8, as follows :
"Substantially, the allegation in each specifica-
tion is that illegal votes woro cast for the sitting
member. It cannot be said, without doing most man-
ifest violence to the intention of the law, that such
general and vague allegations can put the sitting
member in possession of the grounds of contest.
They do not av«rin what the illegality of the votes
consists. They do not state facts from which the
illegality results as a conclusion of law. l&ey only
state the conclusion of law itself, and entirely omit
any recital ol the reasons or facts that are indispen-
sable to sustain the conclusion."
In the "notice of contest" served on the
sitting member there are two specifications, as
follows:
"2. Six hundred and twenty-fir# persons, not le-
gaily entitled to vote, were improperly and illegally
allowed to vote at said election, and did cast their
votes for you. -
" 18. Illegal votes were cast for you atsaid election as
follows : In Clinton township. Knox county, 25votes,
and in each of the townships of Jefferson, TJbiob,
Butler, Jackson, Brown, Howard, Harrison. Clay,
Pike, Munroe, Pleasant, Morgan, Berlin, Morris,
Miller, Middlebury, Wayne, Liberty, Milford, and
HilHar, in said Knox county, 10 votes. In the town-
ship of Newark, in the county of Licking* 2o votes;
and in each of the townships of Falls-bury. Perry,
Hanover, Hopewell, Eden, Mnry Ann, Madison,
Franklin,Washington, Newton,Licking, Burlington,
McKean, Granville, Union, Bennington, Liberty, St.
Albans. Harrison, Hartford. Monroe. Jersey. Bowl-
ing Green, and Lima, in said Licking county, 10 votes.
In the township of Washington, in Muskingum
county, 2o votes, and in each of the townships of
Monroe, Highland, Union, Rich Mill, Meigs. Adams,
Salem, Perry, Salt Creek, Blue Rock, Harrison,
Wayne, Jefferson, Muskingum ?alls, Springfield,
Newton, Jackson, Licking, and Hopewell, 10 votes.
In the township of Tuscarawas, in the county of
Coshocton. 25 votes: and in each of the townshipsof
Adams, Oxford, Linton, Lafayette, White Eyes,
Crawford, Mill Creek. Keene. Franklin. Virginia,
Jackson, Bethlehem. Clarke, Monroe, Jefferson, Bed-
ford, Washington, Pike, Perry, New Castle, and Tiv-
erton, in said Coshocton county, 10 votes."
Now, sir, to the objection that the 44 notice15
is not sufficient to authorize the rejection of
illegal votes, I make two answers; first, that
the objection to the notice, if there could have
been any, has been waived by the sitting mem-
ber ; and, secondly, I say the notice of itself
is sufficient both upon principle and tbe au-
thority of contested cases decided in this House.
1 know of no case where it is more appropri-
ate to employ technicality than when it is used
to meet technicality ; in other words, when it
is sought to avoid the real point in controversy
by technicality it is peculiarly appropriate that
technicality should be met by technicality. I
will say, then, as a technical question of law.
that any objection to the form of notice has
been waived, and this question now sought to
be made cannot be properly raised.
This was decided in Otero against Gallegos,
2 Contested-Election Gases, 178. In that case
the objection was taken that " no notice was
given of the particular votes intended to be
impeached on this ground that is. that they
were Mexicans not entitled to vote. The no-
tice alleged that in certain specified precincts
eight hundred Mexican citizens voted, &c.
The committee in considering the objection to
the notice report as follows:
" Your committee think that the notice was quite
sufficient to authorize the taking of tho testimony.
No such objection was made by the sitting member
. or his counsel at the time of taking of the testimony.
On the contrary, he appeared and cross-examined
the witnesses without any objection whatever; aud
if he had had no notice at all, and had appeared and
cross examined, ho would have been estopped from
j setting up the want of notice."
| It is sound policy to hold all objections
j "waived which arc not made when depositions
are taken. If the objection be then insisted
on, a party may decline to take the evidence
•and abandon the contest. He has a right to
this in order to avoid trouble and expense.
1 will not occupy further the attention of the
| House in considering the question whether
jj the sitting member has waived any objection
II to the notice, for 1 think the authority w&ieh
