1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL Gf-LOBE.
2'fil
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Finances—Mr. Holm an.
Ho. oi? Reps.
ties implies necessarily that a tax may prop-
erly be imposed on such securities by act of
Congress ; and it seems to be the wiser policy
that the tax should be imposed by the General
Government. It is better, because then the
tax would inure to the benefit of the whole
people and would be properly applied to the
immediate extinguishment of the debt, or
rfl.ther, to the extent of the tax, would be in
effect a reduction of the interest.
But, Mr. Speaker, whatever may be the pur-
poses of the gentleman, I apprehend his prop-
osition receives little favor at the hands of
his political friends in this House. I appre-
hend this measure will not even be pressed
upon the serious consideration of Congress by
the men who control legislation in such aform
as will be at all likely to secure its enactment
into a law. I hope 1 am mistaken, sir; but,
with the strong sympathy of Congress with
these overgrown capitalists, I see but little
hope for a measure in the interests of the
people.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman state it
as his judgment that the Democratic side of
this House will vote for that proposition or
anything like it? .Will the gentleman himself
vote to tax United States bonds two per cent,
and take the amount of the tax off the cou-
pons?
Mr. HOLM"AN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAINIi. And take it off the coupons ?
Mr. HOLMAN. It has to be taken off the
coupons.
Mr. BLAINE. Does the gentleman know
that the forty-five members on his side of the
House will vote with anything like unanimity
for that?
Mr. HOLMAN. This has not, so far as I
am aware, been the subjcctof any consultation
among the Opposition members of the House.
As for myself, I introduced a proposition in
the early part of the session that a tax should
be imposed by the General Government upon
these bonds—the purpose to tax them being by
strong inference expressed in the laws author-
izing their issue—substantially equal to that
imposed on other property for State and local
purposes in the various States. I assume that,
for the present, at least, the tax imposed for
State municipal purposes throughout the north-
ern and western States of the Union—I do
not know how it may be in the South—is now
equal to about two per cent, on the general
value of property. There is not even a plaus-
ible argument against imposing upon these
bonds a corresponding tax, and thus substan-
tially equalizing taxation.
The argument against allowing State taxa-
tion was apparently a sound argument. It was
made here years ago ; I have heard it time and
again on this floor. It was that if a State was
permitted to tax the Federal securities it
might, in an unfriendly spirit, render them
worthless by excessive and unequal taxation.
That argument, however, does not, apply to a
tax imposed by the Federal Government.
Mr. BLAINE. I understand the gentleman
as speaking for the Democratic side of the
House—of course he must bo speaking for that
side when he arraigns the other side—and I
understand him to say he is opposed to local
taxation of ihe national bonds.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BLAINE. Certainly; if he will answer
my question first he maycatechise measmuch
as he pleases. Do I understand him to be
opposed to State or local taxation ?
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman did not so
understand me, and he has got to be franker
and fairer if he expects me to yield to him.
I have not said a word from which he can fairly
draw the inference he docs.
Sir. BLAINE. You said you had hoard the
argument fifty times that States might tax these
bonds out of existence, and j'ou said that was
a good argument.
Mr. HOLMAN. I say'it was a good argu-
ment. The gentlemen will remember years ago
when both of us were here, a proposition was
brought, forward to allow the States to tax these
bonds to the same extent and in the same
manner as other similar property. I say that
that principle is right.. I have always con-
tended for it. But the gentleman1 s State, per-
haps, being favorably located for many ap-
pliances connected with the war, has become
more extensively a bondholding State than my
own.
Mr. BLATNE. No, sir ; the State of Maine
suffered ten dollars per capita where yours did
one.
Mr. HOLMAN. The facts are shown by
the bank deposits, and appear from the last
annual message of Governor Andrew, of Massa-
chusetts. The eastern States were enabled to
accumulate vast sums in the shape of Govern-
ment securities. These securities are held
mainly in the East. ' I submit that inasmuch
as the national debt rests upon the labor of
the whole people it is just and proper that the
tax should be imposed upon the national secur-
ities in such manner as that its benefits shall
inu're to the whole people. This you accom-
plish by a national tax. If you tax the si.t
percent, bonds two per cent., reducing the
interest in effect to four per cent, in gold, you
would still pay a greater interest than England
pays on any of her securities. It is the only
practical mode, too, of reaching the whole of
the bonds, less subject to exception, fairer in
the estimation of all fair-minded men, than
the project either of the Senate or the House,
refunding bills upon a basis of a five per cent,
security.
I answer the question of the gentleman from
Maine. T thought, at the period this debt
was being made, the States should be allowed
to impose a tax upon the bonds to the same
extent, and no more, that they should tax other
similar properly in their limits, tans guarding
against the bonds being improperly taxed. I
submitted such a proposition repeatedly to the
House; but now the only way.-you can reach
the bonds, whether held by American or for-
eign capitalists, is for Congress to impose a
tax to be taken from the coupons. It must
be manifest that this is a fair and legitimate
mode of taxation, and we do not require any
new funding scheme, to result in the expendi-
ture of millions in making the exchange, and
opening up new expedients for the capitalists.
If you tax the bo.ids of course you reduce
their value to the extent of the tax ; so you do
all other taxable property, and of conrs>e_you
would reduce the interest to the extent of the
tax. You would rcduce tho value of the
bonds and the interest on the bonds in the
same manner and to the same extent that all
other property is reduced in value by taxation;
to that extent you would reduce the interest.
Can the bondholder justly complain of this?
It only imposes on him the tax which every
other citizen is compelled to pay.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 want to understand what
the gentleman means. Do I understand the
gentleman from Indiana to say that a tax of
two per cent, is the tax he refers to ? Does
the gentleman say he is ready, and his party
are ready, to tax United States bonds two per
cent.?
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 cannot say what other
members of the House will do. I am quite
confident the Democratic party are in favor of
the taxation of the bonds to the extent of other
property.
Mr. BLAINE. Well, yourself?
Mr. HOLMAN. I have said that I avor
the taxation of United States bonds to the
same extent, substantially, as the tax imposed in
the various States of the Union upon similar
property for State pui-poses.
Mr. BLAINE. And then you would ex-
empt them from local taxation?
Mr. HOLMAN. They are not subjcct to
local taxation now. Does the, getitlempi say
under the laws now in force, with the .decision
of the Supreme Court unreversed, there is any
mode by which, for State or municipal pur-
poses, these bonds can'be taxed? •
Mr. BLAlNE. Now?-
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir; now.
Mr. BLAINE. They are exempted by
special contract.
Mr. IIOLMAN. In the absence of that ex-
emption ?
Mr. BLAINE. They cannot. In the ab-
sence of that I have no idea they coufd be
taxed by local authority.
Mr. ITOLMAN. Then they cannot be taxed
by local authority. It is clear that the legiti-
mate and fair mode of taxation, one that no
capitalist,, foreign or American, can with jus-
tice object to. is to impose a lax directly by
the national Government. In this way every
bond will be taxed, whether held by American
or foreign capitalists, arid that, too, without
expense, for the tax is simply deducted from
the coupon. The right is unquestionable.
The language of the act of Congress is—
"And all bonds. Treasury notes, and other obliga-
tions of tho United States shall b& exempt from tax-
ation by or under State or municipal authority."
Mr. BLAINIi. Then I understand the gen-
tleman to say that when bonds have been issued
at a certain rate of interest, and running a cer-
tain number of years, Congress may come in
afterward and at its mere discretion, without
involving a breach of faith, resolve that those
bonds shall be taxed. The gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] you say, proposes two
per cent. Now, some other gentleman may
propose three per cent. The next Congress
may desire four per cent. Now, is it fair, after
you have issued bonds and your creditors have
paid their money for them, the mere discre-
tion of Congress shall be the rate and measure
of the tax on those bonds, and therefore the
rate and measure of the interest the creditors
shall receive?
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman say it is
wrong that Congress should impose this tax ?
Mr. BLAINE. I most unqualifiedly do
say so.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman say
that Congress has not the power to do it?
Sir. BLAINE. I say, sir, Congress has no
more power, in honor, to violate a contract
than you have.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has Congress agreed not
to tax them ?
Mr. BLAINE. When Congress issued a
six per cent, bond they agreed it should be a
six per cent. bond. They did not say it should
be a lour per cent, bond or a three per ccnt.
bond. No State ever taxed a bond it issued.
The gentleman cannot show where a State
which issued a six per cent, bond has itself
taxed that bond by withholding a portion of
the interest. No instance can be shown in
history where a nation has ever taxed a bond
that it has itself issued. If the gentleman
knows of any such instance I will be glad if
he will tell us where it is.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not yield for a speech.
I say to the gentleman—and I hofie he will note
the fact—I represent a State which has never
violated its faith, and that State has issued
five per cent, and two and a half per cent,
bonds, and taxed them as she taxed other
property. No capitalists who held those bonds
ever dreamed they were exempted from the
usual burdens of the citizen. Yes. sir;. I tell
the gentleman they have been taxed.
Mr. BLAINE. Were "they taxed at ihe
State treasury?
I Mr. HOLMAN. They were taxed like ah
i other property of the State. Does the gent.e-
i man make any difference as to toe mode of
|' taxation?
f, I do not oropose, I say to the gentleman
ii I am not proposing to reduce the interest npon
I! these bonds by a mere arbitrary aft of tfov-
