186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
377
mine until the case is before them whether a
man is a rebel fcr not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He has got to start out
in his petition with showing that he is loyal.
It is the very first step under the act of Con-
gress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; but it cannot
be determined whether he is loyal or not until
they hear the case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should think it could
be determined. In his petition, the first paper
he submits, he is required to put it down in
writing and swear to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose he does, but
on a hearing it turns out that he was not
loyal ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then he would have
sworn to a falsehood and committed perjury
to start with.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suppose there would
aot be much trouble in a rebel doing that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We are not to presume
that parties commit perjury in judicial pro-
ceedings. The Senator from Vermont is too
good a lawyer to assume as a presumption of
law that any man will commit perjury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is not the presumption
as great in regard to rebellion as in regard to
perjury ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It may be equally bad
to commit rebellion as to commit perjury; but
we are not to be drawn off from the proper
consideration of a question of this kind by an
ad captandnm suggestion of that sort, that a
rebel is as bad as a perjurer. The law pro-
rides that in order to a hearing in the Court
of Claims a party must in the first instance
set forth his loyalty, and then he has to prove
it besides. •
Now, sir, the opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral, which the Senator from Vermont says is
erroneous, which he agrees with me should
never have been given, is held up here as a
reason for keeping out of the Treasury the
money directed by three specific statutes to be
paid into the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a mistake bo far
as it applies to me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know the Senator is
willing to have it paid in, but at the same time
he has brought this opinion in here as a sort
of justification for keeping it out.
In the discussion the other day the Senator
from Maine insisted that it was only the net
proceeds that should be paid into the Treasury
of the United States. Well, sir, I will have no
controversy with him about that. That is not
the point in issue. I think, perhaps, it may be
a proper construction of the statute that the
expenses of the sale and of the transportation
of the cotton and other incidental expenses of
that kind should be paid by the officer who
made the seizure, and that when the property was
gold hfi was to pay over only the net proceeds.
The complaint I make is that the net proceeds
are not paid over, and not that a wagoner was
paid for hauling a bale of cotton. That may be
a proper construction of th6 act; but it does not
justify the holding of $24,000,000 of money out
of the Treasury after these incidental expenses
had all been paid, and holding it- for what pur-
pose? For the purpose of allowing claimants
to come up and establish their claims; and
before whom? Before the tribunal established
by the act of Congress? No, sir; but before
the Secretary of the Treasury, who had no
jurisdiction over the matter. That is the com-
plaint. Why, sir, a sheriff who sold property
on execution might as well undertake to hold
the money in his hands instead of paying it
over, on the pretense that some third party
might claim the money as belonging to him.
Of course the sheriff would be entitled to his
fees for selling the property ; but he could not
hold on to the proceeds which were left. As
well might the Secretary of the Treasury hold
out of the Treasury of the United States the
hundreds of millions of money collected by the
internal revenue officers and by the collectors of
customs as the net proceeds of abandoned and
captured cottaa. It is an everyday occurrence
that suits are brought in the city of New York
by importers against the collector of customs
for exacting wrongful duties. What would you
think if the Secretary of the Treasury should
hold the $100,000,000 collected annually in the
oity of New York outside of the Treasury on
deposit in some bank or in somebody else's
hands, to await the results of any suits that
might be brought by parties who contended
that illegal duties had been exacted ? He might
just as well have done it as to hold back this
money fbr like purposes.
Where is there any law about "covering"
money into the Treasury ? That is a new ex-
fression to me. The Senator from Michigan
Mr. Howard] asks me what it means. That
is a question 1 am not able to answer, but I
find that the Secretary says:
"All moneys realised from the sales of property
received under the aet in question and other simitar
acts not repaid to claimants as set forth in state-
ments A and B, or disbursed as expenses of collect-
in? and disposing of the same as provided by law,
have passed into the hands of the Treasurer of the
United States"—
Not the Treasury, but into the hands of the
Treasurer of the united States.
"and have also been regularly covered into the
Treasury"—
with certain exceptions, which he goes on to
state. What he means by their being " cov-
ered into the Treasury" I do not know. I
suppose it means that these suras were not in
the Treasury, where the law required them to
be until some action had been taken by the
Secretary to have them placed there. The
Senator from Maine will be able to explain
! what the word 11 covered" means in that con-
nection.
i Mr. FESSENDEN. I should think the
I Senator might understand it without any ex-
planation. I suppose money which is depos-
| ltfed by a collector of internal revenue in a
; bank according to law is not in the Treasury
! regularly. It is put in bank to the credit of
the Treasurer of the United States and the
Treasurer makes his draft upon it as Treas-
urer, and when that is answered the money
II goes into the Treasury.
! Mr. HOWARD. How do they come to use
1 such a word as that?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the common
expression. Sometimes it is a mere formal
transfer. I think I drew in the settlement of
balances in settling np at the end of a year
one draft for something like a couple of mil-
lions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Maine
in his remarks on this subject the other day
said:
" When a sale was made the custom was, t think,
to deposit the proceeds, if it Was convenient to do so,
in one of the deposit banks, asd draw out the money
in gross sums and hand it over to the Treasurer of
the United States."
Now, can the Senator from Maine point me
to any authority for putting that money info
these deposit banks and handing it over to
the Treasurer of the United States?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The national banks
are made deposit banks by law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But did the law author-
ize this money to be paid over to the Treasurer
! of the United States? That is a different thing
: from putting it into the Treasury of the United
States, I take it.
! Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the mode of
j doing business. What caa a collector do if
he collects $ 100,000 in Chicago ? Most he put
it in his pocket and cone down here and de-
posit it in the Treasury ? Or does he put it in
bank to the credit of tbe Treasurer and notify
the Treasurer so that be can draw for it ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ia that the way the
money gets into the Treasury ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bank is author-
ized to receive it. where it is deposited in that
way. The national banks are made deposit
banks by 1aw 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that wwae
of those banks are made deposit banks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Money is deposited
there by an officer ef Um Treasury. . The
Treasurer is regularly notified that there is a
certain balance to his credit in the bank from
day to day as the money is deposited.
Mr. TUUMBULL. When that is done is
it in the Treasury ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not until the Treas-
urer makes his draft for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it is not in the
Treasury, though it is with the Treasurer?
That is just the point I want to get at—where
this money was; who bad it; what has been
done with it. It seems it was not in the Treas-
ury, but it had got into the hands of the Treas-
urer. The law said it should be paid into the
Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the
Senator that the Secretary of the Treasury
does not necessarily know all the details of
the mode in which the business is conducted
by the Treasurer of the United States. He
signs certain papers which he understands at
the time. I therefore cannot explain exactly
how this is done. I Only state to the Senator
what I suppose to be the meaning of the term.
I know that drafts or orders signed by the
Secretary of the Treasury are very common,
but I cannot exactly tell him what is the course
of business in regard to all the operations of
the Treasury. The expression the Senator
speaks of "covering money into the Treasury"
| is one that is very common in the Treasury
Department, and has been for years. Money is
covered into the Treasury when it is regularly
transferred in the way I have stated. Money
that is out in the hands of an officer is regu-
larly transferred into the Treasury of the
United States and that operation is called
covering it into the Treasury. The whole
matter could be readily explained to the Sen-
ator by the Treasurer if he would apply to
him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no doubt that
there will be found ia the Treasury Depart-
ment an explanation or an excuse for its ac-
tion. The .very thing of which I am complain-
ing is the action there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator seems
very anxious to consider everything that may
be said an excuse for something wrong. I
pray him not to take that for granted in what
I say. I merely said that I could not tell him
theexaet course of business because I was not
sufficiently familiar with it, and I said to him
that the expression is a common one in the
Treasury. It is well understood there, and
applies to a mode of doing business which has
gone on there for years and years, probably
fceta the foundation of the Government.
There is nothing new in it Mid nothing that
requires any excuse.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator misunder-
stood entirely the intention of my remark. I
intended to apply it to the suggestion that we
were to go the Treasury for explanation. The
Senator said that the Secretary of the Treasury
could no doubt explain the matter. I am not
satisfied with his explanation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said the Treasurer
could undoubtedly show exactly how the busi-
ness was done. I spoke in that connection of
the Treasurer of the United States, not of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Treasurer, then;
it makes no difference which is the officer. It
seems I misunderstood the officer to whom tbe
Senator referred. When I am complaining of
the action of the Treasury Department, and
have their acts officially before me, I am not
disposed to receive the excuse—or, if the Sen-
ator dislikes that word I will say the explana-
tion—that they may choose to give why they
have done thus and so, when the law does not
authorise them to do it. Now, the Senator
may call upon the Treasurer of the United
States and he may state tQ the Senator what
will be satisfactory to him, but he will permit
me to say thptit might notbe satisfactory to me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think it would
be. The Senator would not be satisfied any
way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sorry the Senator
