262
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March. 7,
Ho. op Reps.
Finances—Mr. Solman.
40th Cono....2d Sess.
ernment. I only propose that the Government
should exercise the ordinary power of taxation,
a power which Congress has not and could
not surrender The bonds can well bear a
reasonable taxation. The Government ought
not to have fixed on so high an interest as six
per cent. I insisted at the time that the in-
terest was too high payable in gold.
Mr. BLAINE. It is a contract.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 am not proposing by act
of Congress to reduce the interest, but I do
say those bonds, like other species of property
in the United States, or the value of which
exists by virtue of the laws of the United
States, are the legitimate subject of taxation.
And I say, further, that the capitalist who
assumes that he alone shall be exempt from
the ordinary burdens of taxation which rest
upon the poorest laboring man in the land is
the lastof all mortalswhose opinions or wishes
are entitled to be considered by any legislative
body. Shall he whose wealth is protected by
Government heap on the shoulders of labor
all the burdens of Government? Shall we
permit the most offensive form of aristocracy
to obtain a foothold in this Republic ? Why.
sir, it is monstrous. Inequality of taxation is
the purpose and the great evil of monarchy.
Itgrindstheface of labor. It gives the lordly,
domineering spirit to the favored class which
in Europe has rendered labor hopeless for
centuries. It is this, sir, that breaks the manly
spirit of a people. Disguise it as you may,
and it is still the fatal enemy of a republic.
Here, upon our own soil, in a Republic, gen-
tlemen in the interest of capital stand up and
press the argument of a pretended contract by
which capitalists are to escape all taxation,
while the poorest soldier in the land, wounded
perhaps in the cause of his country, who, if he
furnished no money, was at least content to
shed his blood in its defense, is by your legis-
lation loaded down with taxation. It is mon-
strous that labor should bear burdens from
which wealth is exempt. It is unendurable
that a citizen with a comfortable income shall
pay less tax for the education of his own chil-
dren than the laboring citizen of his neighbor-
hood. Yet such is the policy which gentle-
men defend; for a citizen holding your six per
cent, gold-bearing securities to the amount of
$>16,600 (greatly above the average wealth of
our people) is absolutely exempt from taxa-
tion, State or national. I believe that gentle-
men on this side of the House generally favor
the taxation of those securities. And I know
this, sir, that the Democratic masses of this
country, demand just and equal taxation and
that the wealth of the country whether in the
form of bonds or any other form, shall bear its
just proportion of the burdens of Govern-
ment.
I hope the gentleman from Maine is not
overlooking all this, that when Congress ad-
journs, and wc go before our people on appeal
from the acts of Congress, the people them-
selves will arraign this Congress on solemn
impeachment for favoring the interest of capi-
tal to the utter prostration of the interest of
industry. I know that the gentleman from
Illinois and other gentlemen have brought
forward propositions to relieve the labor and
business of the country from the present op-
pression. If the Republican party approved
these measures why are they not adopted?
The legislation of the country is absolutely in
the hands of that party ; a party with unex-
ampled power. If this party is willing to pro-
mote the interest of the producing and labor-
ing classes by proper measures of legislation
why are not these measures adopted? What
apology will be given to the people? What
subterfuges will be resorted to ? In order to
escape from public indignation will gentlemen
pretend that temporary obstacles were in the
way of reform? What obstacles are in the
way ? If they are acting in good faith in these
measures they will press them forward to con-
summation. I have no doubt, sir, withouthav-
ing consulted with gentlemen on this side of
the House, that every gentleman here will give
his support to that fundamental principle of
Democratic faith, equal taxation, that labor
shall not be oppressed for the benefit of capi-
tal. They will protect with even-handed j ustice
the rights of every citizen, the rights of capi-
tal, and the rights of labor. But, if there
must be discrimination, it shall be for the in-
terests of industry ana the rights of labor.
But these measures of reform are in your own
hands, not ours. Our number is too incon-
siderable to render our support or opposition
of any moment to the great party which has
for the present the destinies of this nation in
its keeping.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire merely to ask the
gentleman a question. I hope he does not
intend to do any gentleman injustice by inti-
mating that a measure has been introduced into
Congress merely for political effect?
Mr. HOLMAN. I did not intimate anything
of the kind, so far as the gentleman himself is
concerned.
Mr. LOGAN. Your remark was that it had
been introduced by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, but you had no idea it would be pressed?
_ Mr. IIOLMAN. I have not questioned the
sincerity of the gentleman's motives.
Mr. LOGAN. No; you said you had no
idea it would be pressed, meaning that it was
introduced merely as a political dodge. Now,
I say to the gentleman that I introduced that
proposition in good faith. I am in favor of it.
If I had not been I would not have introduced
it. Part of the machinery of the proposed law
is to collect the tax from the coupons, for the
reason that I thought that would be a less ex-
pensive mode than assessing the bonds and
collecting the tax as is done with reference to
other property. That was the reason for it.
It makes no difference whether you collect the
tax from the coupons or assess the bonds and
collect it like other revenue.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Allow me to suggest
that it is the only mode in which it could be
collected from the foreign bondholders.
Mr. LOGAN. I was going to say that that
was a part of the reason that 1 gave in speeches
last summer, that you could not collect the tax
from foreign bondholders unless you collected
it from the coupons when presented for pay-
ment.
Now, I say that I do intend to press that
measure. 1 care not what may be said. I
have introduced it because I believe the bonds
should be taxed the same as any other prop-
erty by the national Government, but not by
State organizations. I intend, at the proper
time, to press the bill in the House, that the
House may vote on it, and the gentleman from
Indiana and his friends will have an oppor-
tunity then of voting for or against it.
_Mr. BLAINE. I do not want to prolong
this discussion, but I would like to ask a ques-
tion either of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holmax] or the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Looax,] for they soem united on the
proposition that the Government of the United
States should tax its bonds two per cent., and
that the tax should be taken out of the coupons
and made sure of at the Treasury, which, of
course, reduces the bonds to four per cent,
securities. It would take actually two per
cent, on the full, entire value of the invest-
ment. Now, the question I want answered
by either of these gentlemen is this; whether,
taking the United States throughout, the prop-
erty of this country owned by individuals, esti-
mated at its full cash value, pays anything
like two per cent.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. It does more in Ohio.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Oh, no.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. I will si ly, in answer to the
gentleman, that, making a calculation of the !■
taxation, municipal and national, in all the 1!
States, and aggregating it, the average is a
little over two and one eighth percent, instead
of two per cent.
Mr. BLAINE. I beg_ to say that I think the
gentleman is grossly mistaken.
Mr. HOLMAN". I really cannot yield
further.
Mr. BLAINE. Let me make one state-
ment. Take the city of New York as an ex-
ample. The city of New York pays taxes on
its personal property and its real estate on a
basis of $700,000,000, and there is no doubt
that there are $1,200,000,000 of personal
property held in that city, to say nothing at
all of the value of real estate.
Mr. BARNES. I will say to the gentleman
that the rate of taxation in New York is over
four per cent.
Mr. BLAINE. On what?
Mr. BARNES. On the personal property
and the assessed value of real estate.
Mr. BLAINE. On a one fifth valuation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Blaise] that the
rate of taxation he has referred to would be
considered very light in Wisconsin, for there
our average taxation upon the actual property
valuation is over three per cent.
Mr. NICHOLSON. Will the gentleman
from Indiana allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly.
Mr. NICHOLSON. Has not Congress al-
ready done the very thing which the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Blaise] says would be a
breach of faith, if applied to bonds, in impos-
ing an income tax upon the salaries which the
Government had agreed to pay, thus reducing
the amount it had agreed to pay?
Mr. BLAINE. There is no contract at all
about salaries; they can all be taken away if
Congress chooses.
Mr, HOLMAN. The soldier went intc '.he
Army for a fixed salary or compensation, and
yet Congress exacted a portion of it from him
in the shape of a tax. And I have never in
this House heard the right of the Government
to impose that tax at all questioned.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We upon this side of
the House protested in our feeble way, and it
was but a feeble way, against the tax which
my friend has referred to. It is the fact,
however, that upon the part of the majority
side of this House no bona fide effort has ever
been made to relieve him from that burden.
Mr. BLAINE. Relieve whom?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The soldier.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I know that any protest
from this side of the House has been of but
little avail. I answer the question of the gen-
tleman from Maine, that the average tax in
Indiana, State and local, exceeds two per
cent. And I wholly deny the proposition of
the gentleman that by any contract, we are
estopped from taxing these bonds. On the
contrary, there is a strong implication in the
laws under which these bonds were issued open
to the whole world that the Government of
the United States, not negatively, but affirma-
tively, reserved to itself the right to tax them.
I deny that Congress can surrender that right.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LYNCH obtained the floor.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I have been interrupted so
much I trust the gentleman will yield me a few
minutes of his time.
Mr. LYNCH. How much does the gentle-
man desire?
Mr. HOLMAN. I think fifteen minutes or
less.
Mr. LINCII. I will yield fifteen minutes
of my time to the gentleman.
Jlr. IIOLMAN. I thank the gentleman for
this courtesy. As I was saymg. the Govern-
ment ot the I niled States impliedly reserved
to itself the right to tax these bonds. It said
