2786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
And in this case it was held that the names
of the alleged illegal voters need not lie given,
page 154. So in the case of Vallandigham vs.
Campbell, page 229. And the committee pro-
ceed to say, in substance, that, under a notice
that the election—
"Was illegally and irregularly conducted," *
* 1   "by reason of which the result"
* _ * * .* " was affcctod,"
evidence could be taken—
" touching the qualifications, the duties, the acts,
and conduct of the officers."
This goes beyond what is necessary for the
purposesof the questions I am now considering.
The authorities cited by the sitting member
do not sustain, but defeat his objection. In the
case of Varnum, (1 Contested Elections, 112,)
the notice there was in part that votes were—
"Given by persons by law not qualified to vote."
On this the House—
(("Resolved, That the allegations" * * * *
"as to persons not qualified to vote are not suffi-
ciently certain; and that the names of persons ob-
jected to for want of sufficient qualifications ought
to be set forth prior to the taking of the testimony."
Here the objection sustained is only for the
want of the specification of the names of the
voters. In all other respects the notice was
su fficient. '1 Expressio unius exclusio alterius.''
On the point noio made, the case of Varnum
is a direct authority in favor of contestant, and
as to the names the question is now settled the
other way. Congress has reversed the rule
that a party must name the voters who are
claimed to have voted illegally.
In Easton vs. Scott, (1 Contested-Election
Cases, 272,) the last point of the syllabus is not
sustained by the case, but is in fact entirely
unsupported by it. The syllabus, as is well
known, is not prepared by the Committee of
Elections, but is the work of the reporter years
afterward, and is frequently erroneous. Be-
sides, that case was under a different practice
from that which prevails under the present act
of Congress. The notice there held defective
was the notice to take depositions. Its insuffi-
ciency turned on the point—
"That the names of the persons objected to for
■want of sufficient qualifications ought to be set forth
prior to the taking of testimony."—1 Contested-Elec-
tion Gases, p. 285.
This doctrine is now overruled, and if the
case had decided what is claimed for it, the
same policy which has overruled it on the
point relative to the names of voters would
overrule it as to a specification of their par-
ticular disqualifications. In other words, the
degree of certainty then required has been
found wrong and overruled. In that case the
notice did not charge illegal votes, but only
that—
" Improper votes hare been admitted."—Page 284.
The committee do say that neither party was—
" Notified by the other that the particular quali-
fications of tho electors would be investigated."
But the House did not sustain or decide any
such point, but discharged the committee
because the committee reported—
" That evidence cannot be procured in season to
enable the committee to investigate tho qualifica-
tions of the electors during the present Congress."—
Page 2&>.
The necessity of objecting "during the taking
of testimony'' is recognized bjr the report of
Mr. Dawes in the case of Kline vs. Verree, 2
Contested-Election Cases, page 383, and it is
there said that a failure to object is properly
deemed a waiver.
.Reference has been made to a minority
report in Wright vs. Puller, 2 Contested-Elec-
tion Cases, page 152, to support an objection
to the notice of contest in this case. There is
no authority to support it, and no reasoning
except in minority reports.
lieference has been made to a minority report
in White vs. Harris, 2 Contested-Election Cases,
202-63, though the majority, supported by a
decision of the House, had ruled the other way.
The opinions of Mr. Dawes, expressed in
Kline vs. Verree, 2 Contested-Election Cases,
381, are correct, but have no application to
the case now being conducted. _ It is there said
that the failure to object is deemed a waiver;
which is an additional authority upon the point
I first made, that all objection to this notice
has been waived.
Mr. Speaker, I say to the gentleman rom
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] and to the House that he
cannot find a solitary notice in any parliament-
ary cases, either in Congress or in any other
legislative body, where an objection of this
description has been sustained as against a
notice as specific and definite as this notice.
And now I defy gentlemen to produce any such
case.
The notice is sufficient for another reason.
The act of Congress requires the contestant to
furnish his adversary with a list of witnesses.
This enables him not only to ascertain their
character and means of information, but the
points to which their knowledge extends.
(Wright vs. Puller, 2 Contested-Election Cases,
page 154.)
There are one or two other points which I
will briefly notice. It is objected by the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] that the vote
of Pike township was improperly rejected.
That is the township in which a deserter acted
as one of the judges of election. There are
two grounds assigned by the majority of the
Committee of Elections for the rejection of
the vote of that township. One is that the
election was held in part by a judge of election
who was a deserter, one who by the laws of
Ohio was not an elector, and who could not
legally exercise the duties of his office. And
it was rejected partly on the ground that there
was no legal evidence that any mau who voted
at that poll was by law entitled to vote.
I am perfectly sure, Mr. Speaker, that the
last objection I have named is well taken. Let
me call the attention of the House very briefly
to a clause of the constitution of Ohio and to
a provision in the statutes of that State, from
which I think this will bo entirely clear.
The constitution of Ohio provides, in article
five, section one, that—
"Every white male citizen of tho United States of
the ag^of twenty-one years, who shall have been a
resident of the State one year next preceding the
election, and of the county, township, or ward in
which he resides such time as may be prescribed by
law, shall have the qualifications of an elector."
Observe, Mr. Speaker, the word "elector."
It is a constitutional term ; and it is here pro-
vided that no man shall vote unless he is an
"elector." Well, sir, the law of Ohio provides
a mode of perpetuating the evidence that those
who vote are electors. The act of the General
Assembly of Ohio of May 3, 1852, makes, in
section eighteen, the following provision :
"That the following shall be the form of pojl-
books to be kept by the judges and clerks of the
election held under this act."
The act then proceeds to give the caption of
the poll-book which is to contain a list of the
voters at the election. It then requires the
certificate to be signed by the clerks and judges
of the election, which certificate is to be in
these words:
" It is hereby certified that the number of electors
at this election amounted to .
"Attest: A B, &c„ Judges of Election."1
Now, sir, in this township of Pike there was
no such certificate that any man who voted at
the election was an elector or entitled to vote.
There is no evidence before the committee
that any man who voted in that township was
an elector or entitled to vote. I do not hold
that the absence of the certificate ought to
deprive the electors of that township of the
votes they cast; but I do hold that when a law
has required that the evidence shall be pre-
served m some form, that those who did vote
wer% u electors"—were entitled to vote—that
evidence must he preserved in the form pre-
scribed by statute, or its place must be sup-
plied by proof aliunde; and the gentleman
from Indiana will not pretend for one moment
that there is any evidence before the commit-
tee, either in the form prescribed by the act
of Assembly of Ohio or by parol proof, that
any man who voted at that poll in Pike town-
ship was an elector of the State of Ohio, or
entitled to vote at that poll. How, then, can
the vote cast a| that poll be coimted? Sir, it
is perfectly manifest that in the absence of all
evidence that the persons who voted in Pike
township were electors the votes they cast can-
not be counted in this contest without a clear
disregard of all law and all authority.
Mr. Speaker, I am perfectly aware that the
House is impatient ana anxious to dispose of
this contest; and 1 do not propose to continue
the discussion at any great length. I think,
however, that some answer ought to be given
to a point which the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerr] has made in his argument, but
which is not very distinctly made in his minor-
ity report. The gentleman maintains in his
argument that the votes of several townships
ought to be rejected because the judges of elec-
tion adjourned a brief space of time for dinner;
and this he holds, on the authority of a decision
made by Judge Brinkerhoff, in the district
court in Ohio, to the effect that the votes cast
at every poll where such adjournment took
place should be rejected, or rather that an elec-
tion depending exclusively on the votes at a
poll where such adjournment occurred was
void.
The sitting member insists that the vote of
twelve townships, in each of which the eontest-
antreceiveda majority of votes, shall be rejected.
The objection to those polls is thus stated in the
answer of the sitting member •
" That the judges of the election for Representative
of said district to the Fortieth Congress aforesaid did
illegally and wrongfully suspend said election during
alongspacc of time, to wit, lor the space of more than
one hour, between the hours of ten o'clock a. m. and
six o'clock p. m. on said day of election, at the elec-
tion precincts m each of the following townships of
Washington, Virginia, Jackson, Keene, White iSycs,
and Adams, in said county ot Cho^hocton; in the town-
ships ot Madison, Memo, Highland, Union, Rich Hill,
Salt Creek, Blue Kock, Harrison, (Springfield, Hope-
well, Muskingum, Licking, and Jefferson, and also in
the first and tourth wards of said city of Zanesville,
in said county of Muskingum; in the townships of
Washington, Burlington, Granville, Harrison, St. Al-
bans, Liberty, Hartford, Jersey, and in the first and
second wards in the city of Newark, in said county
of Licking; and in the townships of Clinton, Miller,
Wayne, Liberty, College, and Morgan, in said eounty
of Knox, in said congressional district, wheieby a
large number of electors, to wit, the number of one
hundred and seven, who would have voted for me for
Representative as aforesaid, were by the illegal sus-
pension of said election prevented from so doing."
It may be well to consider first what in view
of the evidence this objection is not, or does
not, present for decision. In his argument
before the committee the sitting member has
aeapt.ion, " Fraudulent suspension of the elec-
tion," (p. 37.) But as the charge of fraud is
not made in his answer, and is not supported
by any evidence, the objection now involves
no charge of fraud.
Upon the evidence it is not pretended that
it is proved that any voter asked, or offered to
vote, or lost the privilege of voting, by any
temporary suspension of the election, "it is
not proved that the officers acted in bad faith.
It is not pretended that the law in terms pro-
hibits a brief adjournment. The ballot-boxes
were not tampered with, or any impropriety
even intended. It is claimed, however, that the
election officers adjourned, in some instances,
for thirty minutes or more for dinner; and for
this innocent, if not necessary act, it is claimed
that the voters of these townships shall be
visited with the loss of their votes. If this be
the law it is absurd law, for a brief suspension
of voting will sometimes be rendered abso-
lutely indispensable. Human endurance could
not always avoid it. It is not pretended that
any committee of any legislative body any-
where visited such a consequence as is asked
here upon similar facts ; nor has any author-
itative court, or any court in any deliberately
considered case so held. The claim made for
rejecting the votes of these townships all rests
upon a decision pronounced by Judge Briuk-
in 'k® court of Hamilton county,
Ohio, reported in the American Law Register
for December 1807, page 88.
The statute ot Ohio (Swan and Critch,, p.
533, see. 5) provides that 'the polls shall be
opened between the hours of six and ten in
