1762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9*
Speaker, the resolution now pending was intro-
duced by me during the session held in March,
1867, and it declared that there is now in the
hands of the Treasurer of the United States, as
special agent of the Treasury Department, sev-
eral million dollars, the proceeds of property
captured during the rebellion, which money is
under the control of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and as it now stands may be disposed of
in settling claims preferred by the alleged for-
mer owners of said captured property without
the sanction of Congress; and whereas it is
considered proper that such claims should not
be settled and paid without first receiving the
approval of Congress; and then it resolved that
" all moneys thus held by the Treasurer of the
United States shall at once be covered by war-
rant inio the United States Treasury, only to
be drawn out by authority of law."
Sir, the reason for offering that resolution
was this: I found on coming to Washington to
take my seat in Congress that there were many
claimants here prosecuting claims for alleged
captured or abandoned property before the
Treasury Department, and that they were getting
the same allowed and drawing large sums from
the Ti-easury, and on inquiry I ascertained that
money arising from the sale of abandoned and
captured property, instead of having been paid
into the Treasury, as required by law, was re-
tained in the hands of the Secretary of the
Treasury, to be disposed of by him as he thought
proper. I thought this was a startling state of
affairs, and accordingly I offered the resolution
before recited and directing that the money so
held should at once be covered into the Treas-
ury. The resolution was not acted upon defi-
nitely by the Senate until within a few days,
when it was finally considered, amended, and
passed. The resolution as passed by the Sen-
ate I prefer to that offered by me, with the
exception of the last clause, which makes an
appropriation of $100,000 to enable the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay the expenses of suits
which arc alleged to be pending against him.
Now, here is a most astonishing fact. Many
million dollars which by law are required to
be paid into the Treasury have been held by
the Secretary of the Treasury and paid out
for such claims as he has seen fit, upon adjudi-
cations made in the Treasury Department on
purely ex parte proceedings. This has been
done in violation of law and of the express
opinion of the Attorney General. In 1805,
there being a very large fund in the hands of
the Secretary of the Treasury arising from the
sales of cotton and other property captured at
Savannah and other places by General Sher-
man and other officers, the Secretary of the
Treasury asked the Attorney General for his
opinion as to how that money should be dis-
posed of. I have the opinion of Attorney Gen-
eral Speed before me, wherein ho declares that
under the law that money should be at once
paid into the Treasury. It is given at length,
and is very full and conclusive, and may be
found in Executive Document No. 114, Thirty-
Ninth Congress. And yet, notwithstanding
that opinion, the Secretary held on to the
money, and has been paying it out to suit his
purposes, and on such claims as he thought
proper to allow, and I undertake to say that
claims of the most fraudulent character have
been allowed and paid out of this fund by that
officer.
I hold in my hand a report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, in which he furnishes a list of
the claims so paid,. Of course, [ have no per-
sonal knowledge in regard to any of them that
would enable mo to speak with any precision ;
but I notice a claim here of §157,000 that was
allowed and paid which I do not hesitate to
say is a fraud from beginning to end. It will
be found in Executive Document No. 114 of
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, being a report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, dated the 2d of
March, 1867. I make this declaration from
the general knowledge that I have in regard to
the firm of Parkman & Co., of Memphis, having
been for along time in command at that place
and knowing something about their transac-
tions. This payment of their claim of $157,-
444 66 was made without authority of law and
in utter violation of law.
Mr. FARNSWOETH. How did they prove
those claims?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That is
what I do not know. I wish my friend would
offer a resolution calling for that information.
Mr. FAllNSWOHTH. Did the claim go
through any court?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. No, sir.
Now, I know something of the transactions of
this firm. They had a permit from Mr. Lin-
coln ; they had succeeded in imposing upon
him by pretending that they had a large quan-
tity of cotton which they had purchased in
good faith and paid for within the rebel lines,
and I was compelled to allow them to pass
through our lines because they had Mr. Din-
coin's order. I believed he was grossly im-
posed upon then and I believe it now, but it
was not in my power to prevent them from
passing backward through our lines; if it had
been 1 should certainly have done so, but the
order of the President I could not disregard.
Well, sir, the claim allowed by the Secretary
and the reasons for allowing it shall be stated
by him in his own words. After giving a long
list of claims allowed he makes the following
statement:
^ W fc) «
tzi
I> a
e 3
p.
ft*
a
HO"
CO 0*. Ol
05 05 o cn
co o
CO CO 00
C/O
>
o 5
< o
(t> p
CLI
r«i
S §
H 3
Ol
.O
4
Note.-—Under regulations relative to the purchase
of products of insurrectionary Slates, authorized by
the act of July 2,18(54, thescclniimmU had purchased
cotton under permits ot President Lincoln, but wcro
unable to deliver the s.imo to the purchasing agents
before the surrf-nder of t.he rebel forces, after which
it was taken possession of by the Government. It
appearing that the parties had acted in good faith, !
and had complied in every respect with their con-
tracts, accordingly three fourths of the cotton 01 its
net proceeds were delivered to the claimants and
the one fourth letained by the Government.
Claims for Salvage.
December 11, 1866.—Shepard, Parkman & C<i., amount
allowed $1.YT,4-H 66
December 18,18G6.—John Duncan, amount
allowed    97,281 26
Total  S254.72S 92 ;
Note.—The cases of Shepard & Parkman, Brooks
& Co., and that of John Duncan were of tho same
character as those above described arising under the
pm-chasing system; but, it appearing that the alleged
purchase had not been perfected m> as to make it a
completed transaction, the claims in that form were
not con^dered allowable. It was shown, however,
that, acting in good faith in the assertion and pro-
tection of the rights they supposed they had acquired,
the elaimantsin each case had expended money and
performed valuable services in procuring military
orders and guards and other protection tor it as
private property, which saved the same from destruc-
tion by the rebel soldiery and other persons evilly
disposed toward the Government of the United States.
In consideration of such expenditures and ser-
vices an allowance as salvage was made in each CJtso
on so much of the cotton purchased under the execu-
tive permit and so saved as was actually received
and sold by the Government, throwing out all not
identified as covered by the purchase or not.received
and sold as above. Thus the Shepard-Parkman
purchase was 19,700 bales, but an allowance was made
as to only 11,255 bales, sixteen and two thirds per
cent, of the net proceeds of which, or $157,444 66, was
paid as stated. Thirty thousand dollars of this
amount was immediately returned to the Treasury,
in satisfaction of a debt assumed to be duo the Gov-
ernment by Parkman, Brooks & Go. In the Duncan
case the purchase covered5,005 bale?, but the settle-
ment made was only for 3,-184 bales, thirty-three and
a third per cent, of the net proceeds of which, or
$97,284 26, was paid as stated.
jRecapitulation.
Number of bales ot voluntarily abandoned cotton
released  2,207
Number of bales of erroneously seized cotton
released  6,356
Number of bales of cotton released on basis of
purchasing regulations...  1,003
Total number of bales released  9,566
Amount allowed on claims for cotton voluntarily
abandoned  $610,843 44
Amount allowed on claims for cotton erro-
neously siczed, &e .  1,018,450 83
Amount allowed on claims adjusted en
basis of purchasing regulations  320,444 77
Amount allowed on claims for salvage..., 254,728 92
Total amount allowed on all claims...§2,210,476 96
These claims were allowed in I860 notwith-
standing the opinion of the Attorney General
in July. 18G5, that this fund should be paid at
once into the Treasury of the United States,
to be drawn out only upon an appropriation
made bylaw. I will read again from the note
in regard to this firm of Shepard & Parkman,
Brooks & Co.:
" Note.—The case of Shepard & Parkman, Brooks
& Co., and that of John, Duncan, were of tho samo
character as those above described arising under the
purchasing system; but it appearing that the alleged
purchase had not been perfected so as to make it a
completed transaction, the claims in that form were
not considered allowable. It was shown, however,
that, acting in good faith in the asseilion and pro-
tection of the rights they supposed theyhad acquired,
the claimants in each case had expended money and
performed valuable services in procuring military
orders, and guaids."
I undertake to say that this is a gross misrep-
resentation from beginning to end. and in every
allegation. There were no such guards fur-
nished, no such military orders procured, and
none could be procured. 3 read further:
"And o:hcr protection for it as private property,
which baved the samo from destruction by tho rebel
soldiery and other persons evilly disposed toward the
Government of the United States."
Jn other words, that they procured military
orders and guards to protect this cotton, and
by which it was protected from being destroyed,
and therefore they are entitled to salvage.
That is the claim.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does it not mean that
they procured orders and guards from the rebel
authorities to prevent the rebels destroying it;
and is not this a claim for money paid to the
rebel authorities?
Mr. LOGAN. What is the case?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The case
of Parkman, Brooks & Co.
Air. LOGAN. If the gentleman will allow
me, I can explain that.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. How
long do yon want?
Mr. LOGAN. About a minute.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Very
well.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know what the res-
olution is. I have but just come into the
House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It is to
require money in the hands of the Secretary
and others to be covered into the Treasury.
Mr. LOGrAN. That I am certainly in favor
of myself; but so far as the gentleman's insin-
uations in reference to this particular case are
concerned T take some of them to be personal.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Howso?
Mr. LOG-AN. Because I was attorney in
that case and I can explain it. The assertion
