3810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Wy 7,
lution may be regarded as a very proper one.
It says:
. "That in the present financial condition of the
country any farther purchases of territory are inex-
pedient, and this Housowill hold itself underno obli-
gation to voto money to pay for any such purchases
unlets thei o is greater present necessity for the same
than now exists."
Bat mark wliat my honorable friend said
further to us, the members of the House, upon
that occasion:
"Hr. Speaker, I do not intend that resolution to
apply to the purchase of Walrussia. That is some-
thing that has already transpired and it 1 ijay ho that
this House will feel itself under obligations to sanc-
tion what has been done there."
True, true I The promptings of the gentle-
man's own heart at that moment told him that
he could not remonstrate against carrying into
effect the treaty made for the acquisition of
what he was pleased to term "Walrussia," for,
Mr. Chairman, we had then negotiated fairly
for the purchase ; we had ratified the treaty ;
we had exchanged ratifications with the Rus-
sian Government; and we had sent our officials
with the Hag of the United States to take man-
ual possession of the property, and that with-
out one single note of remonstrance on the part
of the Congress of the United States or any
citizen of the United States.
And now letnie ask, we being in actualpos-
sessiou of this extensive country, a region
equal to about one fifth of the whole empire of
the United States, having taken that posses-
sion from the emperor of the llussias through
his accredited agents, are we now, at this late
period, to turn on oar heel and say that we
will not pay the purchase money?
Mr. Chairman, after answering the argument
which fell from one of my esteemed colleagues
[Mr. Siii:li,abarger] upon this subject, I shall
give to the House an example which has really
called me to my feet on this occasion, an ex-
ample of legislation which we ought to respect
and to which wo ought to adhere.
My colleague said that we were embarking
in a new political enterprise, that wo were
endeavoring to acquire territory where there
is 110 contiguity of territory with our own pos-
sessions, that we were acquiring foreign pos-
sessions. Sir, as an American citizen, and a
republican at that, 1 deny that any territory
upon this western continent is to be deemed
foreign totheGovermnentof theUnitedStates
when it seeks to extend its limits. I believe
that if anything under the heavens be fated, it
is that the American Hag shall wave over every
foot of this American continent in course of
time. This proud Republic will not culminate
until she rules the whole American continent,
and all (lie isles contiguous thereunto.
Mr. PI ICE. Including South America.
Mr. SPALDING, including South Amer-
ica, by all means. Now, sir, is there no con-
tiguity between our possessions and the pos-
sessions of Russia in America? There would
have been contiguity if we had not foolishly
conceded to Great Britain the right to inter-
pose between the parallel of 49° and the par-
allel of 54° 40'. I recollect very well when I
was advocating the election of a certain states-
man to the presidential chair, our rallying cry
was, " fifty-four forty or fight." But the line
fifty-four forty" was abandoned, and we
relinquished to Great Britain a great share of
intervening territory in these six parallels of
latitude. However, there is now almost a
continuous line, for we arc told by the learned
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
[Mr. Baxkk] that for about three hundred
miles on the Pacific coast there is a narrow
strip of territory on the ocean which belonged
to Russia, and which this treaty conveys to the
United States, bringing down the continuity
about half way through these six parallels of
latitude.
Therefore the principle is not stretched very
much, even if it be, as contended for by my
colleague, [Mr. Shellabauoer,] that there is
no contiguity between the territory of the Uni-
ted States and Alaska or Russian America.
I wish to say to this committee now, that
after we have fairly negotiated a treaty with
Russia, after that treaty has been ratified by
the respective Powers, after ratifications have
been exchanged between the high contracting
parties, and more especially after we have sent
our official agents to receive manual posses-
sion of the territory itself, aud still hold pos-
session of it without any remonstrance, if we
refuse to pay the purchase money we put
ourselves in the same position that Louis Phil-
ippe was in when he come very near inciting a
contest between the United States and France,
by reason of a non-compliance with a treaty
made at Paris in 1831.
During the consulate and empire of Napo-
leon aggressions had been made upon the com-
merce of the United States to that extent that
our claims upon the Fiencli Government had
amounted to millions of money. For a long
series of years, for a quarter of a century,
perhaps, our claims were unheeded. But dur-
ing the reign of Louis Philippe, and during the
administration of Andrew Jackson, a treaty
was negotiated at Paris by which the French
Government agreed to liquidate these claims
for spoliations upon American commerce by
paying to our Government the sum of25,000,000
francs. This sum was to be paid in annual
installments. The. first installment became due
and no money was paid ; no appropriation of
money was made by the French Chamber of
Deputies. The second installment becamedue,
and the third, and still no money was paid.
Finally the ire of Old Hickory was aroused,
and he communicated, in a message to Con-
gress, in December, 1834, his ultimatum upon
the subject. He said that the treaty having
been fairly negotiated, having been ratified by
the respective contracting Powers, and the
ratifications having been duly exchanged, it
was the business of the French Government
to make appropriations to pay the amount
which they had agreed to pay us under that
treaty. He said it became equivalent to a
debt due to us by that country ; and if it should
not be paid within a reasonable time, our first
resort under the law of nations would be to make
reprisals upon the French commerce to make
ourselves good in that amount of money : and
if the French did not like the reprisals it lay
with them to resort to war; but the United
States, whether there came war or peace, was
prepared to meet the issue, and the treaty
must be complied with. And, sir, the House
of Representatives at that time passed by a
large majority a resolution sustaining that
patriotic President, and insisting that by every
principle of law the French Government was
bound to pay the money under that treaty, or
else wo had the right to make reprisals upon
the properly of its subjects.
Mr. BANKS. That resolution was passed
by a unanimous vote.
Mr. SPALDING. Now, sir, confessedly
the treaty-making power of France was with
the king ; in accordance with the French con-
stitution the king had the sole power of mak-
ing treaties. lie made and ratified that treaty
on the part of France ; our Government rati-
fied the treaty on the part of the United States,
and the ratifications were exchanged. It re-
mained with the French Chamber of Deputies,
and with that Chamber alone, to make appro-
priations of money; and they, assuming that
the treaty was inexpedient and not proper to
be carried into effect, refused to make the
necessary appropriation. Now, how does that
case differ from that of the American Congress
at this hour?
Mr. IIIGBY. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether the House of Representatives
in that instance objected to the exercise of the
treaty-making power by the Icing without the
concurrence of the Chamber of Deputies?
Mr. SPALDING^ Not at all.
Mr. IIIGBY. The principle was in our
favor then ?
Mr. SPALDING-. Of course it was.
Mr. PIKE. Let me suggest that before the
treaty was made there was a subsisting debt,
the non-payment of which might have been
made by us a cause of war prior to the treaty.
Mr. SPALDING. Yes, sir; I understand
that kind of reasoning. But the French Cham-
ber of Deputies did not admit the existence
of the debt; they said there was no subsisting
debt.
Mr. PIKE. We said there was.
Mr. SPALDING. They said that the nego-
tiator on the part of France had improperly
agreed to the payment of that sum of money,
and that they would not, make the appropria-
tion. So that the question turned after all
upon the terms of the treaty; and it was in
virtue of the treaty that President, Jackson and
Congress were on the point of authorizing
reprisals upon French commerce when Louis
Philippe sent over here a minister to say that
if we would wait a while he would endeavor to
bring the Chamber of Deputies to terms; and
they were brought to terms.
In view of this example which has been left
on record by our American Congress and by
our most patriotic American President, how-
can we at this late hour turn upon our heel
and say to the Emperor of Russia, who has been
our friend during at least one half a century,
"Although this treaty has been fairly negoti-
ated and fairly ratified, although we have taken
possession of the territory six months aftet the
treaty was negotiated, and with fall knowledge
of everything that is now set up by the House of
Representatives in opposition to the fulfillment
of the treaty, no protest or remonstrance being
madeby them—aftererectingin that country our
national standard and planting there our insti-
tutions, we now say we will not pay the money."
Why, Mr. Chairman, I have not long to stay
in the Congress of the United States; within
a few short months I shall go out of it; and I
shall do so with pride if the character of this
House ahould then be as untarnished as I
believe it to be at this moment; but if I am
obliged to go out of it drooping my head under
a sense of national dishonor and national dis-
grace brought upon our great Republic by the
action of this House, I shall wish 1 had never
been a member at all. I have no idea my con-
stituents would for one moment—saying noth-
ing about parties, irrespective of parties—I say
my intelligent constituents would hold me in
contempt if I should refuse to vote this appro-
priation of $7,200,000 to carry out this treaty
made in good faith with the Emperor of all
the Russias. I cannot believe this committee
will agree to any such movement. I have too
much faith in the virtue, patriotism, and good
faith of the House. Sir, I have done.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, addressed
the committee. [His remarks will appear in
the Appendix.]
Mr. BANKS. I object to the amendment as
not in order. The bill is to execute a treaty,
and the amendment is for an entirely different
purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order on the ground that the bill is in
its terms to carry into effect the treaty, to fulfil
the stipulations of the sixth article thereof.
The sixth article of the treaty requires the pay-
ment of §7,200,000. The Chair regards the
question as not divisible, and no amendment to
reduce the amount is germane. The Chair,
therefore, sustains the point of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I propose
to appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. RAUM. At this time?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, at
this time. This is like any otherappropriation
bill, and I take an appeal.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say that if this is
an appropriation bill that is before the com-
mittee, the amendment cannot come in because
it is not authorized by law. No amendment
can be offered to an appropriation bill that is
not authorized by law. and therefore upon
that ground which my colleague states, his
amendment is clearly out of order.
Mr._ BUTLER, of Massachusetts. An ap-
propriation can be limited in any way the
House chooses.
Mr. BANKS. I call ishet attention of the
Chair to the rule of the Houseitlxat no amend-
