2788
THE "OOTOE1SSI0N&L' GLOBS.
Jung 2,
to the admittedly legal votes cast for the sitting
member, he is elected, though every other
point in the case were ruled in favor of the
contestant, so that the right of membership
depends essentially upon this question of the
soidiers' vote; and it is to no other question in
the case that I propose to address myself.
Now, whether these two hundred men are
deserters or not, within the meauiugof the acts
of Congress, depends, first, upon the act of
1868, for enrolling and calling out the national
forces, which was the general law under which
the conscriptions took place. The act of 1805,
under which these men are claimed to be
deserters, is supplementary to the act of 1803.
The act of 1805 does not define any such
crime as desertion, but the act ot 1868 does
define the crime of desertion, and declares that
any person failing to answer the notice of a
draft shall be deemed a deserter, and shall be
arrested by the provost marshal and sent to
the nearest military post for trial by court-
martial. The twenty- sixth section also provides
for the punishment of deserters as the law
directs. Thus these sections of the act of 1863
define the crime and the persons deemed guilty
of that crime, and we all agree that desertion is
a grave and hateful offense. They are called
deserters in the report of the committee. All
the act of 1805 does is to add additional penal-
ties to that crime. It does not create a new
offense. It takes the offense as in the act of
18fci3, but adds additional penalties. I take
the phrase "additional penalties,'1 so there
can lie no controversy, from the act of 1805.
The act of 1805 declares additional penalties
to those imposed by the act of 1803 for the
crime of desertion.
Such being the state of the law the only
court that has construed that law has held that
before any of the penalties of the act of 1803 or
the additional penalties of the act of 1805 can
fall on any individual he must be convicted by
a court of competent jurisdiction. I say the
only court, so far as I am aware, that has un-
dertaken to give judicial construction to these
acts has so decided, as abundantly appears
from the case cited in the argument of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb. J If not all,
enough of Judge Strong's opinion has been
given to show the substance and the drift of it,
that no imposition of these penalties, whether
original or additional, can be made under these
acts of Congress except as the result of judi-
cial investigation. That may be before any
court-martial or any court the law of the land
may provide; but the point ruled is, until some
court has judicially ascertained the man is a
deserter there is no such desertion under these
acts of Congress.
I wish to iix the "attention of the very com-
petent lawyers who belong to the Committee of
Elections upon the fact that the only court of
the country—and that the supreme court of
the State of Pennsylvania, a court certainly
entitled to the respect of my colleague, [Mr.
ScoFiKLn,] if not that of every member of
the Election Committee—ihat have passed
upon this act of Congress and given ita judicial
construction, have held a. convic'.ion necessary
to the establishment of desertion. Now, I
argue that act of Congress means what the
judicial mind declares it means, and that it
does not mean what the election officers iu the
thirteenth district of Ohio declare it to mean.
It does not mean what this committee may
declare it to mean. It does not mean what
this House may declare it to mean. It means
what the judiciary of the country says it means.
They are the constitutional expounders and
interpreters of the statute law of the land. If
gentlemen deny; this I wish them to deny it
distinctly, and if tliey do not deny it distinctly
1 wish them to admit it specifically. I say
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] that this act of Congress is to be taken
by the House and everybody else in the sense
in which the judiciary of the country has
declared it is to be taken. I wish the gentle-
man ei'her to admit or deny that proposi-
tion. I presume gentlemen will not deny it if
they have respect for their professional repu-
tation.
If it is to be so taken how are we to decide
these two hundred men aredeserters. They have
not been tried by any court-martial or any court
of justice. They have not- been summoned,
they have not been arraigned, they have not
been convicted; and if we are to take this act
of Congress as the judiciary expounds it there
is no desertion in the case, and we are fighting
shadows. I place that question before the gen-
tlemen of the Election Committee.
I have another point, and it is the only other
point I intend to make. I know how feeble is
any argument I may submit, but I suppose this
committee will respect their own arguments.
I am now going to place myself upon the argu-
ment of the acting chairman of the Committee
of Elections.
Forgetful of or not alluding to the view I
have suggested, the gentleman proceeds to say
in his report that this act of Congress simply
furnishes a test of the qualifications of voters,
and involves merely the ascertainment of a fact,
and that election officers are competent to judge
of those qualifications and ascertain the fact.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man's time has expired
Mr. WOODWARD. I hope I may be in-
dulged with a few minutes more to state this
point.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will bo
permitted to go on.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. How much
time does the gentleman want?
Mr. WOODWARD. Not over ten minutes.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there
objection? The Chair hears none.
Mr. WOODWARD. I want to state the gen-
tleman's own position. In his report he argues
thus:
" It makes no difference that the same facts which
constitute a disqualification would, it- heard before a
court,, constitute n. crime. There are many instances
where the lawmakesconvicrionmacourttheground
of exclusion from the franchise, and then, of course,
exclusion can only follow conviction. But when it
makes the existence of a fact, as in this ease, tho
ground of exclusion, that fact inust be passed upon
by the officers of the election in the first instance,
and by this House upon a contcst."
Now, there is the core of the gentleman's
argument; that it is a matter of fact that these
men are deserters; that election officers are
competent to ascertain other facts, and there-
fore to ascertain this fact- Now, sir, the fact is
that the act of Congress takes away from
deserters their citizenship as citizens of the
United States. That is the precisc effect of
the act of Congress in terms. Tho constitu-
tion of Ohio requires every voter to be a citi-
zen of the United States; and then tne argu-
ment of the committee is, that as the act of
Congress has taken away the citizenship of
these deserters, and the constitution of Ohio
has forbidden anybody but citizens of the United
States to vote, therefore these men are not
voters, the judges of election being the j udges of
the fact. That is the argument of the report
of the committee.
Now, sir, I wish to suggest for the consider-
ation of the committee a difficulty that arises
in the way of this argument. The citizenship
of these men is admitted once to have existed,
else the act of Congiess could not take it away.
It existed under the Constitution of the United
States. Now, under the Constitution of the
United States, is it competent for the Congress
of the United States or any other power to take
away that citizenship except by due process of
law / The Constitution declares that no person
shall be compelled in any criminal case to be
a witness against himself, nor shall any person
be deprived of life, liberty, or property without
due process of law; nor shall private property
-be taken for public use without just compen-
sation. Now, citizenship under the Constitu-
tion is neither life nor property, but it is liberty.
It is exactly that which makes a man a citizen
in every State iu the Union and gives him the
liberty of an American citizen. It is that
which we value and which all foreigners who
come and apply for naturalization under out-
laws value, and which I trust we never sh$ll
cease to prize. It is a part of a man's liberty;
it belongs to him, inheres in him. Now, says
the Constitution, it shall not be taken from him
except by due process of law. That means by
courts and juries.
Mr. BENTON. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question. How is it that under the
Constitution slavery existed in this country?
Mr. WOODWARD. That is a large ques-
tion, and I submit it is an irrelevant one.
However, if you will give me time I will answer
it, or any other- question. . Slavery never was
established by the Constitution.
Mr. BENTON. Then I will vary the ques-
tion. Does the gentleman claim that the blacks
can legally be deprived of their right of voting
to affect their liberty ?
Mr. WOODWARD. You see the difficulty.
I am limited to ten minutes, which are nearly
run out. I am endeavoring to state the law in
this case. It will give me great pleasure to
discuss the question the gentleman propounds
whenever I have time. I now wish to rivet
the attention of gentlemen to this point: that
these deserters were once citizens of the Uni-
ted States; that that citizenship was a part of
their liberty; and that the Constitution of the
United States, which we have all sworn to sup-
port, solemnly declares that citizenship shall
not be taken from auy one except by due
process of law.
Judge Strong, in his opinion in the ease to
which reference has been made, declares the
same thing, and tells us what" process of law"
is within the meaning of the Constitution.
In this case where is your "protess of law ?"
Where were these men stripped of their- citizen-
ship by "due process of law?" Neither of_
the gentlemen will say that the decision of the
board of election officers -was " due process of
law," within the meaning of the Constitution.
If they will, I will give up this case. But they
will not say that, because every lawyer in this
House knows that that expression in the Con-
stitution of the United States—"due process
of law"—means a judicial proceeding, and not
a proceeding before a board of election officers.
Then we are brought to this point: Gen-
eral Morgan, the sitting member, is entitled to
retain the seat which he has adorned ever since
this Congress opened, unless these deserters
have been established as deserters by " due
process of law." The only alternative is to
trample the Constitution of the United States
under foot. We must either leave General
Morgan in his seat or find that the 1200 voters
have been deprived of citizenship by dne pro-
cess of law, because, as I have said, this ques-
tion about the deserters decides his right to the
seat: if there were no deserters then General
il organ is the member; if there were deserters,
you must show some judicial ascertainment of
the fact, or else you will violate the plain pro-
vision of the Constitution of the United States.
If 1 apprehend correctly the statement of the
chairman of the Committee of Elections, [Mr.
Scofield,] there is no escape from these con-
clusions.
He says these officers of election are com-
petent to ascertain the fact of desertion. Grant
it. But they are not competent to strip Ameri-
can citizens of their citizenship. Nor can
Congress do it. Nothing but a judicial pro-
ceeding can strip citizens of their citizenship.
Ihat judicial proceeding is utterly wanting
here, and because it is wanting there are no
deserters in the case, and because there are no
deserters in this case General Morgan's seat is
beyond question his.
These are the two points which I desired to
state. No doubt I shall be answered, and
very clearly, I trust. I hope I am understood
on these two points: they are the only two of
which I intended to speak. If I am answered
on these two points correctly by gentlemen, I
do not know but they will get my vote for oust-
ing General Morgan from his seat. If I am
not answered satisfactorily, then I hop® gen-
tlemen will not vote in .favor of ousting him,
because his liability to bo ousted, it seems to
