264
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. oi? Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. McCormick.
40tii Cong....2d Sess.
of money have bpen expended ; and aftei' ail
experiment of two years we are told the con-
dition of the black man in the southern States
is worse than at the close of tlie war. As
another means to the same end a standing
army, has been kept, in every southern State to
aid in eufoicingtlie reconstruction laws passed
from time to time by Congress; and now we
are met by the humiliating confession on the
part of Congress that the reconstruction acts
heretofore passed by this body and vetoed by
the President have utterly foiled- in their
object, and that the millions expended by
their provisions are worse than losses to the
country.
To amend these .abortive efforts at recon-
struction this House a- few weeks .since pre-
sented the country with the reconstruction
measure n.ovv pending in t.he Senate, v.hich
finds no parallel in the history of "modern
legislation, and which is rather the offspring
of blind fanaticism and party folly than the
result of wise legislation, i'lie first section
of this act strikes from existence every vestige
of civil government in ten States, obliterating
State lines from the Potomac tothellio Grande,
and the vast territory thus stricken from the
Union is erected into one 'military district,
over which Ueneral Grunt is placed and clothed
with the untrammeled power of an autocrat.
Thus the Fortieth Congress, while acknowl-
edging, the requirements of the Constitution to
secure to each State a republican form of gov-
ernment, has attempted to subjugate ten States
to one military despotism and one third of the
people of this Republic to the domination of
a single man who stands above and beyond the
civil law and from whose decision there shall
be uo appeal.
Nor is this all. The judiciary of our country,
the most sacred department of the Govern-
ment, is by the provisions of this act throttled
in the temple of justice and denied the right
to pass upon the validity of this act or extend
protection to its victims. The President of
the United States, because of his opposition to
this system of legislation : because of bin defense
of the Constitution, and because of his main-
tenance of the prerogative of the Executive,
is now held to answer for high crimes and
misdemeanors by a Congress which declines
to submit its own acts to a decision of the Fed-
eral judiciary. The President, has stated it to
be his conviction that the policy recommended
by himself would have wrought, a spe->dv
restoration of the Union, would have avoided
large expenditures of money involved by the
congressional plan of reconstruction, and would
have prevented the present unhappy condition
of affairs.
It is true the President cannot demonstrate
the fact that bis plan of reconstruction v. ould
have been a success, because it has not been
put into execution; and for the same reason
Congress cannot assert it would have been a
failure. That the congressional plan is a fail-
ure cannot be denied. The President declares
that in his judgment the reconstruction acts
passed by Congress are in violation of the Con-
stitution. This being his conviction, he could
do nothing less than by the use of the veto
power attempt to prevent, them becoming laws ;
and^ it may hero be stated that so far as the
judiciary have made decisions involving the
constitutionality of principles embraced in these
laws they have been in favor of the views
expressed by the Executive. After a long and
thorough investigation of the conduct, of the
President made by a committee of this House,
a majority of whom are politically opposed to
him, they failed to find cause of accusation
against him. This result not proving satis-
factory to a certain class of men in the"House
they succeeded in having the whole matter re-
ferred to the Committee on Reconstruction,
who after another investigation arrived at the
same lesnlt. But al't.-r the removal of the Sec-
retary of War by the President a third imesti-
gation has resulted in the introduction of the
resolution now under consideration. It is
therefore reasonable to infer that the only
ground of accusation against the President is
because of the removal of Secretary Stanton,
which by the committee is held to have be§p
in violation of an act regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices and a justifiable cause for
impeachment.
It, may be proper here to state that the act
in question was devised by this Congress for
the avowed purpose of controlling the Presi-
dent in his prerogative of removals from office,
and when sent to the President for his approval
he submitted it to his Cabinet ministers, each
of whom pronounced it unconstitutional; and
that Mr. Stanton, who now by virtue of its
authority proposes to thrust himself upon the
President as a member of his Cabinet, was
unqualified and prominent in its condemnation
as invalid, and expressed his willingness to
aid the Piesidentin pieparing his veto message
against it. During the recess of the Senate
circumstances arose which, in the opinion of
the President., were suflicicnt cause for the
removal of the Secretary of War, to do which
the President believed he had the constitutional
right without consulting the Senate. Never-
theless, when the Senate met he submitted to
that body the reasons for his action, where-
upon the Senate, by virtue of the law in con-
troversy, claimed the power to reinstate Mr.
Stanton, vhich it. did in violation of established
usage of the spirit of the Constitution and of
the plainest dictates of common courtesy. Mr.
Stanton, thus reinstated in the War Ofliee,
without consulting the President, and with the
arrogance of usurpation itself, assumed to dis-
charge the duties of Secretary of War inde-
pendent of the President. For this insubor-
dination Mr. Johnson again removed him,
notifying the Senate of the fact., and asking
the confirmation of another person, (Hon.
Thomas Ewing,) whom he appointed as Secic
tary of War, staling it was his wish to test the
constitutionality of this law by which ho is
deprived of the privilegeof removing an objec-
tionable officer of his Cabinet, Vvhon, under
the Constitution, he is held responsible for his
aets. 1 ain unable to see in what the recent
action of the President was a violation of law.
Uis first, removal of'Mr. Stanton is held by no
one to have been a violation of law, because
the Senate was not in session at the time, ft
may be said, the Senate having reinstated Mr.
Stanton, a Second removal was a violation of
law. This argument would have some plausi-
bility if the second removal had been for the
first cause ; but this is not the case. The
second removal was for the ail-sufficient cause
of insubordination.
And 1 aver this act of the President was in
violation of no law. The act of March 2, 1867,
which it, is charged has been violated, provides
as follows:
" Sec. 1. That overj' person holding any civil office
to winch he h,i^ been appointed by and with the ad-
vice and consent of tho Senaie, and every person who
shall hereatf or Ik: appointed to any etiice and shall
be duly qnalitied to :iet therein, is and shall bo en-
titled to 1,old.such oilico unt'.fa eucees;or shall have
been in like manner appointed and dulyQuahJicd,
ex'-ept ; - herein otheiwi^eprovKied: Provided, That
i lie Seciolaiies of Stale, (-1 the Ti easiuy, of the War,
of the ?,avy. aud of the Interior, the Postmaster
General, and the At torney General shall hold their
ofiiees le^peclively ior and during the term of the
Pre^'fcnt; !>v whom they hav"c been appoint! d, and
ior oae month thereafter, subicct to removal by and
with the adv ice and consent oi the Senate."'
By the provisions of the law just quoted
Cabinet ministers hold their offices during the
term of the President "by whom they were
appointed, and one month thereafter/'
Secretary Stanton having been appointed by
Mr. Lincoln, and Mr. Lincoln's term of office
having ended with his life, the continuance of
Mr. Stanton in the Cabinet of Mr. .Johnson
could only be at the cpiion of the latter.
In construing a law it is always, proper to
bear in mind the intention of those who made
the law. That it was not the intention of Con-
gress, in' passing this law, to deprive the Presi-
dent of the power to choose his own Cabinet,
may be proven from speeches made in Con-
gress at the time the law was under considera-
tion. Senator Sherman', in combating this very
idea that the law prevented the President from
removing members of his Cabinet except by
and with the consent of the Senate, used the
following language:
"That tho Senate had no such purpose isshown by
its vote twico to make this exception. Th it this pro-
vision does not apply to the present case is shown by
tho fact tfiat its lanfnia^e is so trained as not to apply
to tho present President. The Senator shows that
himself, and argues truly that it would not prevent
tho present President from removing the Seeretaiy
ol War, tho Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary
of State. And if X supposed that either of the«e gen-
tlemen was so wanting In manhood, in honor, as to
bold his place after the politest intimation by tho
P, esident ol the United States that his services were
no fonder needed, I certainly, as a Senator, would
consent to his removal at any time, and so wouid
we ail."
It is therefore evident the removal of Mr.
Stanton does not come within the meaning of
the act of March 2, 1SG7.
1 now propose to show that this or any other
law depriving the President of executive power
is a violation of the Constitution, which pro-
vides "the execuiive power shall he vested in
a President of the United States of America."
In defining the powers of the President the
Constitution provides:
"lie shall have power, by and with the advice and
oonM.'nt ot the Senate, to make treaties, provided
two thirds of the Senators present concur; and he
shall nominate, and by and witli the ndviee and eon-
sent of the Sonate shall appoint, embassadors, other
public ministers and consuls, judges of the Supreme
Court, and a 11 other officers of tho United States
who^e appointments are not herein otherwise pro-
vided for, and which shall be established by law;
but the Coiifru .s may by law vest the appointment
ofpueh infei ior ofl'iears as they think proper in the
President alone,in thoeouits oflaw, or in theheads
of i>epartmcnts."
It is therefore evident the appointing power
is not exclusively with the President, for the
reason that the wisdom of both the President
and Senate is deemed to be necessary in judg-
ing of the capacity of those to be appointed
to important offices, and to prevent an abuse
of the appointing power, which might arise if
confided wholly to the Executive. But so
soon as the appointments are made the legis-
lative department of the Government, as it
were, loses sight of the appointee, and the
whole duty of seeing that the laws are faith-
fully executed by those appointed to office
devolves upon the Executive.
It_ therefore follows that to the Executive
legitimately belongs the power of removal from
office, a power in the hand of the Executive
essential to good government, which, if exer-
cised by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate alone, would of necessity render the ex-
ecution of the laws faulty and inefficient, as the
President, in that state of the case, could only
suggest the removal of incompetent or unfaithful
officers, and that only during the session of
the Senate. The Constitution confers t.he
power and makes it the duty of the Senate to
aid the Executive in appointing to office, but
for the reasons just noticed it devolves the
whole power of removal upon the Exccut'r.
because he is held responsible alone for the
execution of the law and for the conduct of
those whom he has nominated to office, and any
attempt to deprive the Executive of this pre-
rogative is in violation of the Constitution and
j subversive of good government. We can, there-
| fore, arrive at hut one conclusion in reference
| to the act of March 2. letST, winch is that it
isan encroachment, upon the prerogative of the
President and in violation of the Constitution.
Sir, the proceedings of this day will find a
place in the records of history, and men, in
time to come, wiil point back to this Congress
! as a legitimate child of revolution, who, im-
| patu nt of restraint and intolerant of those who
j differed with its views of public policy, did not
1 hesitate to exclude from its deliberations the
