1764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay these
men?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. None
whatever. It is expressly in violation of law,
as the Attorney General has decided.
Mr. BLAINE. I wish to make an inquiry
of my friend from Wisconsin. The gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] not now
in his seat, a member of the Committee on
Appropriations, has a similar subject in charge,
running in the same groove, containing some
additional provisions to those which the Senate
have added to this joint resolution; and he
requested me, when the House should proceed
to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table, in his absence, to move that
this joint resolution be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, with leave to report
at any time. If that be done I suggest a more
perfect bill can be obtained. I do not see the
particular necessity of this appropriation of
$100,000.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It is one
in which I do not concur, and I shall move to
strike it out.
Mr. BLAINB. I hope the gentleman will
let me submit the motion that this subject be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
_ Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. 1 cannot
yield for that motion.
Mr. WELKER. I ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin whether the claim about which he
is now talking has not been already settled at
the Treasury Department and the money paid
over to the claimants'! This resolution proposes
merely to cover into the Treasury the money
now outstanding.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This res-
olution only affects the money now in the hands
of the Secretary of the Treasury. We cannot
recall money fraudulently paid out. It has
gone, gone beyond our reach.
Now, let me say a word in answer to the
interrogatory of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. WELKER. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to make another suggestion in the
same line as that of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blaine.] The joint Committee on Re-
trenchment has had under investigation a great
many of these cotton claims and questions,
and we are satisfied that this money ought to
be covered into the Treasury. There is, per-
haps, $1,200,000 now in the hands of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, which the joint Com-
mittee on Retrenchment were unanimously of
the opinion he had no authority under the law
to pay out, and it ought to be paid into the
Treasury of the United States. 1 ask the gen-
tleman from AVisconsin whether it would not
be better to allow this resolution to go to the
Committee on Appropriations, where, we are
told, the gentleman from Massachusetts has a
similar bill under consideration.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I think
we can dispose of this question to-day as well
as at any other time. It has now been pend-
ing one year, for it is one year since I offered
this resolution. We have only got it back from
the Senate in the past few days. It can all bo
done m a simple joint resolution. There is in
fact no necessity for the amendment of the
Senate. All that is necessary is to direct the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay the money in
his hands into the Treasury, where it belongs.
Such is the law now, and the money he has paid
out has been in utter violation of the law. As
I have said before, Mr. Speed, the Attorney
General, gave this matter his attention and his
opinion, and so he told the Secretary of the
Treasury that he had no right to settle these
claims and that the money should be paid into
the Treasury. It is evident to every gentleman
that this money should be paid into the Treas-
ury without further delay.
I do not approve of the last section of the Sen-
ate amendment, which appropriates $100,000 of
the money in the hands of the Secretary of the
Treasury to enable him to defend himself
against suits alleged to exist. There is no evi-
dence produced anywhere that I have seen that
any such suits exist, and I undertake to say if
you put this $100,000 into the hands of the
Secretary of the Treasury he will find some
way in which to use it up, suits or no suits.
Mr. 'WELKER. There are cotton cases
pending in the Court of Claims, and the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment have ascertained from
investigation that the Government labors under
a great disadvantage in the trial of those cases
for want of a fund to provide for the examina-
tion and cross-examination of witnesses in the
southern States. If this money is to be covered
into the Treasury of the United States a cer-
tain amount should be set apart to get assist-
ance in these trials, so the United States should
have a fair trial.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
no doubt the Congress of the United States
will appropriate money necessary to secure any
proper advantage in these trials for the Gov-
ernment whenever it shall be made apparent
that suits are pending against the Government,
or that it will be of advautage to prosecute
suits against individuals ; but I am not willing
to put such a sum in the Secretary's hands to
be disposed of in so loose a way as this, and in
defending suits that, so far as we know, have
no existence.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. If the gen-
tleman will allow me to make a statement
$100,000 is more than all the salaries and
expenses of all the law officers of the Govern-
ment in Washington for a whole year, if it
be proper to make any provision for expenses,
that sum is unnecessarily large, and I submit
it ought to be cut down.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofWiseonsin. I concur
in that view. If we appropriate anything it
should not be so large an amount, but it will
be time to appropriate the money when we
know it is needed for a proper purpose.
This exhibit which I have in my hand shows
that the Secretary of the Treasury has allowed,
in utter violation of the law and of the opinion
of the law officer of the Government, cotton
claims to the amount of §2,210,000. How
many of these are as baseless as that to which
I have adverted, of course, I have no means
of knowing. The kindred claim of J-ohn Dun-
can for $07,000, I have no doubt, is equally
without foundation.
Mr. VAN WYCK. With leave of the gen-
tleman, it is due to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to state the grounds upon which he has
allowed many of these claims. He has but
followed the precedents of those in office before
him. He has done what was done by both
the Secretaries who preceded him, Mr. Chase
and Mr. Fessenden. And what they did was
done on the ground that they had the power
to revise and control the action of their agents
•—that when they sent agents into the southern
States to gather up cotton, they being agents
of the Department, the head of the Depart-
ment had a right to revise their action. There-
fore they held that it was for them to determine
whether the property which they took was con-
fiscated or abandoned propeity or was seized
by the military power. They claimed the
power to examine the question, and when they
found that their agents had acted without au-
thority of law they claimed they had a right to
restore the property in kind or return the
froceeds into the Treasury, where it was put.
have felt it due to say this much in justice
to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Itisvery
true that the predecessors of the present Sec-
retary of the Treasury did adopt a plan of revis-
ing the action of officers of the Army and re-
turning the proceeds of captured properly or
the property itself when they deemed that the
capture was improper. But that was before
the Attorney General gave his opinion, which
was called for by Secretary McCulloch. Here
it is if gentlemen desire to read it. It is very
full and conclusive.
Mr. YAN WYCK. The Secretary of the
Treasury had the right to revise the action of
his agents.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin.. But the
Attorney General says he had no right to do
that, but that he was bound to put the proceeds
in the Treasury of the UnitedStates. 1 do not
care who set the example or who made the
first precedent. I say it was a dangerous pre-
cedent. It was wrong to allow persons to come
here from the South, and on ex parte statement
of their case get their property or the proceeds
of their property returned to them. It was safe
to presume that the officer making the seizure
would be as well informed in regard to the facts
of the case as the Secretary of the Treasury
sitting in his office here. The whole thing is
wrong and in violation of law.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think we may as well
dispose of .this matter now as to refer it to a
committee. For myself, I am opposed to the
last section which appropriates money, but I
would rather take that than get nothing. My
object is to have this money covered into the
Treasury.
Mr. BLAINE. As I made the motion to
refer this to the Committee on Appropriations
at the request of my friend from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Btjtler,] who is now in his seat, I now
hand the matter over to him.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I yield
ten minutes to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER. At the request of certain gen-
tlemen interested in this matter, I asked my
friend from Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] in ease I
was absent, to move to refer this resolution to
the Committee on Appropriations, and for this
reason: that the committee have considered
this subject and have already reported & bill,
which was passed through this House, which
covers all that this resolution claims to cover,
and much more. It is House bill No. 500, the
second section of which provides:
"That whenever, by sale of property of the Uni-
ted (States appertaining to any Department of the
Government, or by the payment of dues to the Uni-
ted States appertaining to any Department of the
Government, or by any other means whatever, any
moneys or valuable securities for the payment of
moneys shall have been paid over or come into the
possession or under the control of any Department
or any officer thereof, the same shall not be expended
except in pureuanee of appropriations made by law;
hut all such moneys, specifically and without any de-
duction whatever, shall bo paid into the Treasury of
the United States, and carried to an account on the
books of the Treasury denominated the * surplus
fund,'" &c.
Now, this resolution has no penalty, and it
is for the purpose of having it comport with
the law, and also because it proposes an appro-
priation, that I desire the resolution shall be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
It certainly should be examined by some com-
mittee, and examined carefully, because the
difficulty all through in our legislation is that
we do not make one bill coincide in-its pro-
visions with others. Gentlemen often—as my
friend from Wisconsin does—see great defects
in the practice of the Departments, and they
propose to meet those defects. They do so;
but while doing so they leave the door open
in another direction.
Now, I am not anxious that the joint reso-
lution shall go to the Committee on Appropri-
ations. I only desired the motion made be-
cause it proposes to appropriate money, and it
seems to me that it should go necessarily to
that committee, and I suppose the Speaker
would so rule. But it should go to some com-
mittee, because, otherwise, we are making one
law by a bill and another by a resolution, and
wo are making the penalty in those laws disa-
gree ; we are, in fact, getting our legislation
into an inextricable tangle.
Now, I agree with the gentleman from Wis-
consin that there may have been cases where
there has been wrong done in delivering over
this property. The difference between the law
and the practice grows out of the fact that one
Attorney General gave an opinion one way and
another Attorney General gave an opinion an-
other way, and both went clear of the point at
issue. Where property was captured or aban-
doned of course it could not be given up by
the Secretary of the Treasury; but where it
got into the hands of Treasury agents, and was
neither captured nor abandoned, then the Sec-
