1868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
arm
retary undertook to deal with it administra-
tively. For instance, if you or I should go
into the Treasury Department and leave our
hat there, when we went to get it back should
the Secretary say he could not give it up be-
cause he must pay it into the Treasury we
would say that it was -neither a captured hat
nor an abandoned hat, and that therefore he
should give it to us, and not send us to the
Court of Claims, after years, to recover it. It
is upon that exact distinction that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has gone forward, whether
rightly or wrongly I am not now called upon
to say. Such was the course of Mr. Fessen-
den and of Mr. Chase, and it has been the
course of the present Secretary. I am not
standinghere as his defender; I am only stating
the difficulty in the question. The question
cannot be here in the House upon the moment
fully understood and determined. Wherever
property has been captured or abandoned then
the Secretary cannot give it over. That is the
opinion of the Attorney General, and it is the
opinion of the Secretary himself; but where it
has been neither captured nor abandoned, but
has been gotten into the hands of his agents,
either by fraud or by mistake, he has attempted,
rightly or wrongly, to adjudicate upon the
question. But, whatever that practice may
have been, whether reprehensible or otherwise,
that is not the question here now. The ques-
tion is, whether some committee of the House
should not examine this resolution with this
amendment and see if it comports with our
other legislation, and report it back with or
without the appropriation, as it may seem best.
Let me say, however, that I think the Commit-
tee on Appropriations have not earned a rep-
utation for being very eager to make appropri-
ations, so that it would be unsafe to trust that
committee with this matter. I do not say
whether it should or should not be; that is for
the House to determine. All I desire is that
the resolution shall go to some committee and
be thoroughly investigated, and I would as
lief that it should go to the committee of which
the gentleman from Wisconsin is a member
as to any other.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
not the slightest objection to the resolution
going to the Committee on Appropriations. T
am satisfied that they will do everything that
should be done. My object is, however, to get
action as soon as possible. There is a large
sum of money lying around which ought to be
in the Treasury. It is not there. I want it to
be placed there, and placed there as soon as
possible. That was the object of my resolu-
tion introduced a year ago.
Mr. BUTLER. Allow me to make a single
further remark. This bill only covers money
derived from, the sales of captured and aban-
doned property. But there is a large amount
of other money lying around which is not
covered by this joint resolution. But the bill
of the committee refers to all moneys obtained
from any source. I want to stop all the leaks ;
this stops only one.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If we
can stop one leak we will be doing a good
thing. If we cannot stop all the leaks let
us stop one of them, and this is a very big
one.
Mr. VAN WYCK. And stop the leak of
$100,000 which is in this bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I would
like to do that; I withdraw my motion to con-
cur in the amendment of the Senate, and move
to amend the amendment by striking out the
third section, which makes the appropriation
of $100,000 to enable the Secretary of the
Treasury to defend himself and his agents from
suits, &c.
Mr. BLAINE. Does not the gentleman see
that if the House concur with the Senate on
this amendment it lessens the probability very
greatly of any action by the Senate on the bill
which has been sent there by the House?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I do
not think it will. If the House should send the
Senate anything containing additional pro-
visions which will prove an improvement on
this I have no doubt it will pass that body.
Mr. BLAINE. I predict that the result will
be the very opposite. If we concur in this
amendment of the Senate that will be an end
to all legislation upon this subject.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The main
object of this joint resolution is to have this
money covered into the Treasury. That is the
main object. There are other objects which,
no doubt, are very desirable.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman yield to
me?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. For how
long?.
Mr. LOGAN. Fifteen or twenty minutes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
not that much .time left of my hour; and I de-
sire to call the previous question.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will yield
to me I will call the previous question when I
conclude my remarks, if he desires it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Very
well; I will yield.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to discuss
this question at all, except to make an expla-
nation here in reference to the position which
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
burn] has innocently taken, as a matter of
course, in reference to this case, in order not
only to set myself but other parties right before
the House. In the discussion of this ques-
tion, as to whether or not moneys should be
covered into the Treasury, I cannot see what
these individual cases have to do with the sub-
ject.
I think all moneys ought to be covered into
the Treasury that are in the hands of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury or under his control; I
have always thought so. And what the case
of Shepard has to do with that matter I can-
not possibly imagine.
Now, if the House will give me their atten-
tion for a few moments, I propose to explain
this matter fully; because 1 think an unwar-
ranted attack has been made upon these par-
ties by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Wasiieurn.] Now, I do not want to be un-
derstood as putting myself forward in this
matter as the defender of the Secretary of the
Treasury. I have not, I think, very often oc-
cupied that position before this House. Still
I do not want to see any injustice done to any-
body.
Now, in regard to the attack which has been
made upon Parkman, Brooks & Co., and the
charge that their claim was a fraudulent one,
and by allowing it the Treasury has been de-
frauded out of $100,000 in money, 1 think that
charge it not warranted by the facls. I will
venture the assertion that the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] has never read the
papers in that case so as to fully understand
them. I think, when statements are made
upon this floor charging frauds upon parties,
there should be some facls to base the charges
upon. What are the facts in this case? The
gentleman says he is satisfied this is a fraudu-
lent claim. Now, I assert before this House
that, in my judgment, that was as honest a ease
as ever was paid by the present Secretary or
any other. Whether the Secretary of the Treas-
ury was lawfully authorized to pay the money
is not a question for us to decide. Other Sec-
retaries had made similar allowances, and this
Secretary thought he had the right to do the
same. I will state that the papers in this
case were referred to the attorney employed
by the Secretary of the Treasury on the part
of the Government, Mr. Karnes, who, I believe,
has always been understood to be an honest
and good man. Mr. Eames examined this case.
It is not a case in which Parkman, Brooks &
Co. were principally interested. It was known
as the Shepard case. Mr. Shepard was the
man principally interested. Parkman, Brooks
& Co. had no connection with it any further
than a simple interest which they had in the
protection of the property after Mr. Shepard
purchased it. The case was submitted to
Mr. Eames, the attorney of the Treasury De-
partment. I was one of the' attorneys oft
the part of Mr. Shepard. A year and a half
ago or longer Mr. Eames made a report to the
Treasury Department. He reported in favor
of allowing Mr. Shepard and his partner
either twelve and a half per cent, or sixteen
fer cent, of the gross proceeds of the cotton.
said awhile ago sixteen per cent., but I may
not be quite correct about that. The evidence
shows that the original purchase was eighteen
thousand bales of cotton. I am informed I
said awhile ago eighteen hundred bales; if se,
it was a mistake.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to ask whether this
is a case of which I recollect the gentleman
from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes] has spoken,
in which a single attorney received $125,000
for his services ?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know whether this
is the man to whom the gentleman from Rhode
Island referred. Mr. Eames was the attorney
on the part of the Treasury Department, and
he decided that this claim was legitimate, and
that the Secretary of the Treasury ought to pay
salvage amounting to twelve and a half or six-
teen per cent. I do not know which.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Rhode
Island, who has prepared a bill providing for
such cases, states that in a single ease the
Government paid to a gentleman of very simi-
lar name—I do not know whether it is the
same gentleman—$125,000.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know anything
about that.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Rhode
Island says he has seen the receipt.
Mr. LOGAN. I neither know nor care
anything about that. Gentlemen seem to be
very anxious about this case. I presume it
may be, perhaps, because of the connection I
have had with it as an attorney.
Now, sir, the evidence in this case showed
that the purchase amounted to eighteen thou-
sand bales of cotton; that either thirteen
thousand or sixteen thousand bales of this cot-
ton were saved by the exertions of these parties
from the confederate soldiers who were at-
tempting to burn it. The cotton was shipped
to Mobile and around to New York, where
the Government sold it and got the money,
paying these parties a percentage for saving it
from destruction by fire. These are the facts,
as the evidence in the case shows. And the
permission was given by the Government and
also by the military authorities, by order of
the commanding general of that department.
Under this state of facts I, as the attorney for
Mr. Shepard, asked the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay Mr. Shepard a percentage. It be-
ing the custom to pay Treasury agents one
fourth, I believe, as salvage for saving cotton,
I asked the Secretary of the Treasury to allow
Mr. Shepard some percentage for saving this
large amount of cotton. He took the evidence,
a long time being occupied in taking it. When
the evidence had been taken it was referred,
together with an argument which I prepared,
to Mr. Eames, who reported that lie believed
the parties were entitled to a percentage as
salvage ; and on this report the Secretary of
the Treasury allowed as salvage only twelve
and a half or sixteen per cent., (I do not know
which,) when he had been allowing his own
agents one fourth for doing not one half the
work that these men had done in saving this
cotton.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The hour of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Washbubx] having
expired, the Chair will recognize the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. This allowance was made in
the way I have stated. The Secretary of tho
Treasury had been in the habit of making these
allowances; and such being the custom of the
Treasury Department, I could see nothing
wrong in allowing to these men salvage for the
same kind of service.
But the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
WashbuksQ attacks these men as a set of ^
scoundrels. Now, I will say in regard to this*
