1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3813
Mr. PRICE. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question if it will not embarrass him.
Mr. RAUM. I yield for a question.
Mr. PRICE. I understand the gentleman
from Illinois to admit that occasions might
arise under the treaty-making power, and under
the Constitution as it exists, where the Repre-
sentatives of the people would be not only
fully justified, but it would be their duty to
refuse to appropriate money.
Mr. KAUM. Refuse to execute the treaty;
I do not stop at money. I refer to the per-
formance of any legislative act.
Mr. PRICE. I understand, then, that that
is the opinion of the gentleman.
Mr. KAUM. Yes, sir.
Mr. BANKS. That is what we all mean.
Mr. PRICE. That is the correct doctrine.
The question, then, is whether this is one of
those occasions. I think it is ; other gentle-
men think that it is not.
Mr. BANKS. The theory of the gentleman
from Iowa is that the treaty-making power may
make any treaty provided it is not sent to this
House. They may surrender the Constitution
and the Government in any form provided they
do not ask our concurrence. That is his
theory.
Mr. PRICE. I do not hold any such theory.
I see no common sense, no justice, no law in
it. I have not held such a doctrine, and I
hope I never shall.
Mr. RAUM. Mr. Chairman, in answer to
the gentleman from Iowa I will say that the
Congress of the United States holds within its
hands the power to abrogate any treaty which
maybe executed in duo form of law under the
Constitution, and to assume for the people of
the United States the whole responsibility
which may result from an act of that kind.
Not only may they refuse to execute a treaty
which requires legislation, but they may abro-
gate all treaties which have been executed by
legislation, or which by their terms do not
require legislation for their execution. The
Congress of the United States being the law-
making power, and holding the sovereignty of
the nation in its hands, has the power and the
right, in exercising the sovereign will of this
nation, to abrogate treaties or to execute trea-
ties according to its sound discretion. That is
my doctrine. The power to make treaties, the
power to make contracts, and make them bind-
ing, is devolved upon the President and the
Senate. It is for them to say whether or not
they will make contracts. It is for us to say
whether or not we will execute the contracts.
That is the distinction.
Now, go through all the authorities. Go
back to the time when this subject first sprang
up in the House of Representatives, when the
first treaty was made with Great Britain, and
when an opposition House called upon General
Washington, then President, to send down for
their scrutiny all the instructions which had
been given to our minister, for the purpose of
making the treaty with Great Britain, and when
they poised the subject in their minds whether
or not they would execute the treaty what did
General Washington say? He had assisted in
framing the Constitution; he was recognized
as one of the wise men of that day, who un-
derstood and expounded the Constitution as
intelligently as any other person. He told
the House of Representatives that tho treaty
which had been executed by the President,
with the advice and consent of the Senate, was
binding upon the people of the United States,
and that as it contained a statement of all the
subjects of legislation necessary for the inform-
ation of the House, he refused to comply
with the request. What was the result on that
occasion ? Why, sir, the House acquiesced in
the principle of that message of General Wash-
ington, and they passed a resolution declaring
that they had no power to interfere in tho
making of a treaty, but they asserted the right
just as 1 have asserted it here to-day, the right
of the House of Representatives, whenever
stipulations are made on subjects committed
by the Constitution to Congress, to deliberate
on the expediency of carrying them into effect.
That is all there was of it, and the House of
Representatives passed the necessary resolu-
tions to carry the treaty into effect.
We are here to-day deliberating upon the
expediency of carrying into effect the treaty
with the emperor of all the Russias for the
purchase of Alaska. Can we pay the money ?
Have we got it? We have it in the Treasury.
We are able to pay it. We have the money at
hand. It will be no extraordinary burden to
the people of the United States to pay it. It
will be no more than twenty cents apiece. We
can pay it without injury to the people of the
United States. Good faith reqliires that we
should pay the money. Shall we refuse to do
so ? Shall we issue orders to that little hand-
ful of men, who to-day are standing around the
stars and stripes up at Sitka, and tell them to
haul down the old flag and return to Califor-
nia, that the people of the United States have
taken a step backward, and have refused to
execute a treaty entered into in good faith with
the emperor of Russia, and which we can exe-
cute without inflicting any wrong upon the
people of the United States, and in executing
which we can carry out the great doctrine of
expansion which animates the heart and mind
of every American citizen. For one, sir, I say
no, no, no. Mr. Chairman, if the United States
has a traditional policy, a policy to which the
people of the United States arc attached, it is
that of acquiring territory. I cannot express
the doctrine in as apt terms as did the vener-
able gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding;]
but I believe that in the lifetime of these boys
who are acting as pages here to day, the Amer-
ican flag will wave in triumph over the undi-
vided territory of North America. I do not
know so much about South America; but, so
far as I am concerned, I am ready to see all
of North America, from the North pole down
to the Isthmus of Darien, under the sway of
the United States of America.
And, Mr. Chairman, I do not wish to see
the legitimate expansion of the United States
retarded by the adoption of the dangerous and
unwarrantable doctrine urged upon the consid-
eration of the House. I do not wish to see
the good name of this Republic tarnished by
the adoption of a theory in respect to the
treaty-making power not justified by a fair
construction of the Constitution. I will never
agree, and I trust that this House will never
agree, that the binding efficacy of a treaty shall
depend upon the conclusions of a body of
men who, according to the laws of the country
making such treaty, can take no part in agree-
ing upon its terms.
Sir, the United States as a nation is now in
its infancy, our commercial relations are ex-
tending and becoming more and more import-
ant every year. The time is not far distant
when we will be the leading commercial nation
of earth. Let us not set a bad example in re-
spect to the obligation of treaties ; let us say to
all the nations of the world that we execute in
good faith treaties entered into by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent, of
the Senate. Our citizens have claims against
Great Britain which we regard as just, and the
payment of which our minister has been urging
for some time. Suppose, sir, that her Britannic
Majesty Queen Victoria should conclude a
treaty with this country, agreeing to pay a cer-
tain sum of money in settlement of the Ala-
bama claims; and suppose further, sir, that
the British Parliament should refuse to appro-
priate the necessary money to execute the
treaty, is there a gentleman on this floor who
would not regard such refusal as a violation
of good faith, and would we not point to the
British constitution and say that the treaty-
making power is vested in the sovereign with-
out limitation, and that an execution of the
treaty upon the part of the British Government
was necessary for the continuance of friendly
relations between the two countries?
Such, sir, must be the inevitable result of a
refusal upon our part to execute this Russian
treaty. Refuse to execute it, and Russia will
turn from us with scoru and contempt, and all
Europe will scoff at the perfidious conduct of
the western Republic.
Mr. Chairman, we cannot afford to barter
away our national honor by a refusal to exe-
cute this treaty. The honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butlbr,] among
other grounds of objection to the passage of
this bill, insists that it is inexpedient to receive
as citizens of the United States the few Rus-
sian citizens who inhabit Alaska. lie seems
to fear the extension of the suffrage to that
people. Mr. Chairman, I must confess my
surprise at hearing this sentiment come from,
the gentleman from Massachusetts. I thought
that he was fully committed to the propriety
and justice of the doctrine of the Declaration
of Independence, that Governments derived
their just powers from the consent of the gov-
erned ; I supposed that he was fully imbrued
with the idea of the justice of extending the
right of suffrage. For myself, sir, I see no
cause of alarm in making American citizens
of the forty or fifty thousand Russians now
inhabiting Alaska, and of admitting them to
the right of suffrage whenever Congress shall
see fit to do so in the organization of a terri-
torial government there.
Mi^jChairman, I do not propose to detain
the committee much longer, but there is one
point to which 1 wish to call attention, and that
is the vast importance of acquiring a strong
foothold along the whole Pacific coast with a
view to aggregating the whole of the rich trade
of the East, which will, with wise legislation,
necessarily fall into our hands. That, trade
has been the prize of commerce for three thou-
sand years. Solomon and those under his
crown grew rich by that eastern trade. Jeru-
salem and Palmyra were made great cities by
the eastern trade. So with Alexandria and
Thebes ; and at last it swung around Cape
Horn to London, which is now the great dis-
tributing point for this trade, and which, per
consequence, has grown to bo the financial
center of the world. Manifest destiny has
pointed out a new route for this trade across
the continent of America. There is no ques-
tion about that. The trade of India alone is
about five hundred million dollars. The trade
of China has increased within the last six or
eight years from $80,000,000 to $300,000,000.
Tho trade of Japan is immense. We are now
entering into new relations with that distant
country. Five hundred million people live
there, five hundred million producing popula-
tion, who are to pour the wealth of their
trade upon the Pacific coast of the United
States, and across the continent of America, to
be distributed atNew York, Philadelphia, Bos-
ton, New Orleans, and otherpoints on the sea-
board, to the distant points across the Atlantic.
Sir, within tho lifetime of our young men,
within the next fifteen or twenty years, I ven-
ture the prediction the total trade of that east-
ern country with the United States will reach
$2,000,000,000. It is capable of indefinite
expansion. Shall we reach forth our hand
and grasp that rich trade which has made opu-
lent every nation that has controlled it?
I say that Alaska from 54° 40' to the frozen
regions gives us a valuable portion of the
Pacific coast. The 5° 40' now owned by Great
Britain will drop into our hands like a 1'ipe
pear. Then looking down southwest we be-
hold that Mexico has a long line of coast; it,
too, must belong to us. And, sir, I believe
that by constitutional and peaceful means
within twenty years Mexico will form a part of
our glorious Republic, and that from five to
seven new States will there be _ added to the
Union ; and tlieu, sir, our coast line will extend
from the Isthmus to the froze* regions of the
North. ,
We will want railroads, W e are now building
one to the Pacific, and are pluming eurselves
upon the tremendous undertaking. What
would our trade in the West do to-day with
