382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
this person says, if she is the person of that
name living at Rome, Georgia, was a good
rebel, sent her son into the war, and furnished
all the aid and comfort in her power to the
rebels ; but she is not entirely certain whether
the claimant was that one or some other per-
son of the same name.
Mr. CONNESS. If she were elected to the
Senate you would admit her. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. I am not sure but that you
would admit her, Mr. President. I should not
admit her if she came from Georgia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How if she came from
Maryland ?
Mr. HOWE. If from Maryland it would
be all right. [Laughter.] Another allow-
ance is made to the administrator of a party
who this witness says lived six miles from
Rome, was an earnest rebel, and died in the
rebel service. The claim was allowed to his
administrator. Another party to whom an
allowance was made, this witness says, was a
lieutenant in the rebel service, in the twenty-
ninth Georgia volunteers, and promoted to a
captaincy. Another party to whom an allow-
ance is made was a quartermaster or commis-
sary in the rebel service. Another claimant
who received an allowance is a woman of
whom the witness says that she was an aristo-
cratic lady, a thorough rebel, and gave largely
to the rebel service.
This is information furnished by a single
individual of what she happens to know of this
list of claimants who have received money out
of the Treasury.
Mr. CONNESS. No, not ont of the Treas-
nry.
Mr. HOWE. Well, received money from
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. EDM UNDS. Does the Senator under-
stand that the law prevents any person who
may have been a rebel from owning any cotton ?
Mr. HOWE. No; but I understand that
only those who have been loyal, who have
given no aid or comfort to the rebellion, can
get any of this money.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is, of money which
the act says shall be paid into the Treasury;
bat suppose a case which the act does not
cover.
Mr. HOWE. If I understand this law, it
furnishes ouly one rule of action as to all
property which may come into the hands of
these agents. They are to collect two kinds
of property, one of which has been abandoned
by the owner and the other of which has been
seized or captured by the military authorities ;
and there is only one direction given as to
these two kinds of property, and that is that
it shall be sold and the proceeds paid into the
Treasury. How it is possible to maintain any
distinction between property seized and prop-
erty abandoned I cannot understand. It is
of no consequence, therefore, in my view of
the law, how this property came into the hands
of the agents. The agents did what the law
told them to do—sold it and put the money
into the Treasury; that is to say, paid it over
to the Secretary of the Treasury; paid it where
it was within the control of the Secretary of
the Treasury. But it seems that the Secre-
tary, instead of allowing it to go into the books
of the Treasury, so as to make the Treasurer
accountable for it as the disbursing officer of the
Government, kept it somewhere aside—in his
portemonnaie, in his portfolio, in his pocket;
he kept it somewhere off from the books of
the Treasurer and out of the protection of the
Congress of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the point he. makes
is that he has only given up that which was
neither captured nor abandoned, but property
wrongfully taken by his agents, of a descrip-
tion which the statute did not authorize to be
taken. That is his point.
Mr. HOWE. I do not understand when or
how that point is made by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It appears from the opin-
ions of the officers whom he consulted as to
whether in a particular case he should give up
the proceeds—the opinion of the Attorney
General in the case of Billups, which was read,
the other day.
Mr. HOWE. Now, Mr. President, there is
another feature in this report to which I wish
to call attention. It seems on the thirteenth
page of this report that to another class of
claimants this Secretary has turned over one
thousand and three bales of cotton and has
paid out $320,444 77. He calls these " claims
adjusted by the Secretary of the Treasury on
the basis of the purchasing regulations," and
he explains it in this way:
" Under regulations relative to the purchase of
products of insurrectionary States, authorised by the
act of July 2, 1804, these claimants had purchased
cotton under permits of President Lincoln, but were
unable to deliver the same to the purchasing agents
before the surrender of the rebel forces, after which
it was taken possession of by the Government. .It
appearing that the parties had acted in good faith
and had complied in every respect with their con-
tracts, accordingly three fourths of the cotton or its
net proceeds were delivered to the claimants and the
one fourth retained by the Government."
From which I understand that whereas there
were parties authorized by law to purchase cot-
ton on their own account and pay for it, account-
ing for one quarter of it to the United States,
: here were parties who, after the surrender of
all the rebel forces and after the property had
been taken possession of by our Army, came
forward and alleged that they had made a con-
tract of purchase but had not got the property,
and therefore had not delivered it; and the
Secretary of the Treasury recognized them as
the owners of that property, and took out of
the Treasury over three hundred thousand dol-
lars to satisfy their claims. They did not fol-
1 16w the cotton at all. If that had been the
! fact as to you, sir, or as to any member on this
j floor, that you had in good faith purchased one
I hundred or one thousand bales of cotton just
! before the surrender of the rebel army, I think
j you would have followed up that cotton, and
you would have made your claim upon our
armies which first took possession of it. These
men did not. By the Army the cotton was
turned over to the Treasury agent. By the
Treasury agent it was sold. The proceeds, all
but one lot of it, were turned over to the Secre-
tary, and then he goes on hearing and adjudi-
cating claims against that fund and pays out
over three hundred thousand dollars of the
money; and these claims were made, the
heaviest of them, (the surrender having been in
April, 1865,) in November, 1865, in May, 1865,
in November, 1866, in December, 1865, and
January, 1867, often more than a year after the
surrender.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, if the Senator
will allow me, I can explain how that stands.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The law of 1864 pro-
vided substantially that all cotton in the rebel
States should be sold to the Government,
and that the Secretary of the Treasury should
appoint agents to purchase, that he should
receive, in fact, all the cotton that was found,
and that he should of that purchased retain a
certain amount for the Government and pay the
balance to those from whom it was purchased.
It was thought by the Government at that time
that it was exceedingly desirable that all the
cotton possible should come into the control of
the Government of the United States. Con-
sequently these agents were appointed. They
were appointed under instructions and regula-
tions which the Secretary of the Treasury was
authorized to make. He appointed purchasing
agents and they were instructed to make con-
tracts with individuals for the purchase of cot-
ton, and the military authorities gave to those
persons in many cases the power to go into the
rebel lines or wherever they pleased to obtain
cotton and to bring it out. Accordingly the
agents made contracts with difFerentindividuals,
mostly from the loyal States, that they would
receive of them certain cotton on certain terms.
The word '1 contract'' there applies to arrange-
ments of that kind, and those persons were per-
mitted by the military authorities to go into the
rebel lines to receive their cotton. The cases
there referred to are cases where the purchas-
ing agent of the United States had contracted
with individuals to purchase of them a certain
amount of cotton ; those individuals had gone
to different sections, sometimes within the rebel
lines and sometimes out of them, and had pur-
chased their cotton, so that it became their prop-
erty; butbeforethey could get it out it was taken
possession of by the military authorities. In
those cases the Secretary did as he stated there:
where he was satisfied that under a controct
entered into with the Government agent for | ur-
chase individuals had gone and in good faith
purchased cotton which had been taken posses-
sion of by the military authorities be gave it
up or gave up the proceeds, retaining the pro-
portion the Government was entitled to if they
had brought it in in time. That is the expla-
nation of it.
Mr. HOWE. Now, Mr. President, there
are two defects or misfortunes in the explana-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a matter of
opinion.
Mr. HOWE. That is my opinion. In the
first place, the Secretary of the Treasury or
the Senator from Maine is mistaken as to the
fact. One or the other is mistaken as to the
parties who made these purchases. The note
does not say that these purchases were made
by the purchasing agents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; but the note
speaks of purchases made under contracts with
the purchasing agents.
Mr. HOWE. No; not made under contract
with the purchasing agents, but made by par-
ties who were licensed to purchase by Presi-
dent Lincoln, not by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and who claimed to have made
purchases which they had not turned over to
the purchasing agents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will read the note :
" Under regulations relative to the purchaso of
products of insurrectionary States, authorized by the
act of July 2, 1864. these claimants had purchased
cotton under permits of President Lincoln, but were
unable to deliver the same to the purchasing agents
before the surrender of the rebel forces, after which
it was taken possession of by the Government. It
appearing that the parties had acted in good faith,
and had complied in every respect with their con-
tracts, accordingly three fourths of the cotton or its
net proceeds were delivered to the claimant, and
the one fourth retained by the Government."
That is not stated thoroughly as it should
be, and I have given the explanation. The
contracts referred to are contracts with the pur-
chasing agents. The permits referred to are
permits to go where it was necessary to go in
order to get the cotton.
Mr. HOWE. Well, Mr. President, how
happens it that one party was the purchasing
agent and another got the permit ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The purchasing agent
was an officer of the Government. The pur-
chasing agent was appointed by the Secretary
of the Treasury to purchase cotton to be de-
livered to him. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury was authorized by law to make regulations
to regulate that trade. He made a regulation
under which he instructed the purchasing
agent to make contracts with individuals to
deliver cotton to him. The scheme was
thoroughly digested and considered. When
a person had got a contract from the purchas-
ing agent he was then entitled to a permit to
go wherever it was necessary to go in order to
get the cotton. These cases, therefore, were
cases where men had made contracts and pur-
chased cotton, but before they could get it to
the purchasing agent to deliver it to him it
was seized. This is the exposition of it. I
understand about the matter because I made
the regulations myself with great care.
Mr. HOWE. Well, Mr. President, I am
very glad to know that although the Senator
says he made the regulations he did not make
the adjudications.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I probably should if
they had come before me, in the same way.
Mr. HOWE. I am not authorized to say
that the Senator would not have made the same
adjudications, but I will believe no testimony
