266
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. off Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Hulburd.
40th Gong....2d Bess.
House, he still rigidly, callously, defiantly ad-
heres thereto. In furtherance of it he has,
beyond all question, exerted to the utmost
available extent the influence and the power
of the Executive to oppose and to defeat any
other method or plan of reconstruction than
that embodied in " his policy."
To this end he has used, nay, prostituted, the
executive patronage; and, as far forth as he
could, that of the Departments. To this end
he. has repeatedly changed, removed, and ap-
pointed military commanders to obtain those
sufficiently subservient to do his bidding, de-
spite right, law, Congress, Constitution, and
even humanity to the contrary notwithstanding.
In view of the law and of the Constitution and
of all these his doings, how strangely sounds
his pretense and that of his abettors, that he
and they are the sole custodians of order, law,
the Constitution, restoration, readmission to
Congress of the southern States, &c., when it
is so well known here and over all the South
that he and his have done their utmost to
thwart and delay this much-wished consum-
mation.
In this connection listen to what the Mobile
Register says of General Wager Swayne, that
true soldier and noble son of an honored father,
commissioner of Freedmen's Bureau in Ala-
bama. Such a man was in the way:
"Swayne was an adroit and unscrupulous politi-
cian, and Swayne bad so gerrymandered and pipe-
laid as to make the ratification ot tlio constitution a
save thing. Swayne was, therefore, an obstacle to
fair play and justice, and when we wrote to Mr John-
son that an order to remand Ueneral Swayne to liis
iegiment would bo woith twenty thousand votes
against the constitution we wrote an opinion on a
fact that events have justilied."
But for such interposition and intervention
in behalf of "policy" to-day there would be
no question as to the present status of Alabama
and of lier speedy representation on this floor.
Who, then, is responsible for her non-represent-
ation ? Surely not Congress; not the malignant
Radicals? No body or other person is but the
Executive himself. Shall such obstructive pro-
ceedings, in defiance of law, of Congress, of
the Constitution, and of the sense of the coun-
try be permitted to be enacted, unchecked, un-
rebuked, and unpunished? I trust not. The
country hopes not; expects not.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Phelps]
rung the changes very freely and trippingly
upon the sanctities and obligations of the Pres-
ident's oath of office, but forgot to define the
difference between executing and evading the
law, of the distinction between which Mr. John-
son seems to have very confused ideas. In all
his southern "policy" he seems to have sought
rather how to evade than how to execute the
law. It is true he opposed his veto to the
reconstruction acts ; but, passed over the veto,
arc they not as authoritative and obligatory,
as much entitled to be respected and executed
by civilian, soldier, judge, and President, as
any act in the statute-book of the Republic,
until the constitutional review-tribunal has de-
clared them unconstitutional? For this dis-
regard of the obligations of his oath, for this
his neglect and virtual refusal to execute the
law, because not in the line of his pel "pol-
icy," I never doubted but that be might right-
fully be arraigned and impeachcd. When the
impeachment was first brought before this
House the remainder of hi3 term seemed to me
so short, the disturbing and paratyzing influ-
ence ot impeachment so imminent, l'ar-reach-
ing, and enduring—hoping, too, almost against
hope, that he would forego and yield his auto-
cratic views to the deliberations and decisions
of that department of the Government with
whom the Supreme Court had declared the
Constitution had lodged the right and the
power to say, and to direct by law him to do—
on a former occasion I voted yet further to
bear and to forbear, and, with others, set my-
self to watch and pray and hope for a more
benign future. Hardly hal we left these seats
after the July session ore ho made a further
stride, a yet bolder strike, in suspending Mr.
Stanton from office. This bold blow at the fear-
less and the incorruptible Secretary, to whom,
more than any other living man, the country
is indebted for being brought triumphantly
through and out of the great war of the rebel-
lion, so startled and angered the people that
had Congress been then in session, or convened
immediately thereafter, impeachment would at
once have taken place. The general expecta-
tion that the Senate could and would restore
the Secretary and thus vindicate the majesty
of the law ultimately so allayed public exas-
peration that another flagrant presidential ob-
liquity, or rather outrage, was added to the
many others unnoticed, at least unchallenged,
before the appropriate constitutional tribunal.
The Senate reinstated Mr. Stanton. The
President, instead of deferring to the almost
unanimous expression of the body constituted
by the Constitution his advisers, at once set to
work to nullify as far forth as he could its ac-
tion in this particular, and to evade all laws
pertaining thereto, by himself ignoring the
Secretary and requiring his subordinates to do
the same. Was this decent respect to the Sen-
ate? Perhaps a grave impropriety is not im-
peachable. But how about such evasion, nay,
violation, of law by him who was sworn to the
faithful execution of the same?
Again, no action was had, no notice was
taken of this continuous outrageous executive
procedure. This long-enduring forbearance,
this slowness to smite, instead of abating
seemed to embolden to the commission of other
and more flagrant audacities.
The next step was in another direction ; it
was no less than a mean attempt to inveigle into
violation of law an honest and unsophisticated
soldier. Foiled in this endeavor, then followed
a dastard effort with venomous pen to write
him down ; to which was superadded the aid
of a not overscrupulous, I may say most ob-
sequious, Cabinet. In its great forbearance
and unwillingness to proceed to extremities
again Congress allowed to pass unrebuked
offense and offender.
The cup, however, was eurelyand not slowly
filling. The Stanton-Thomas imbroglio almost
immediately followed. This is of too recent oc-
currence ; the particulars are too well known to
the House to need from me a moment's consid-
eration. in this matter an ex post faclo plea
has been put forth in behalf of the President,
that his only object in moving as he did was
to secure a speedy and harmless test in the
courts of the constitutionality of the trouble-
some tenure-of-office act. This is a most shal-
low pretext, or a not very profound precau-
tionary after-thought.
Let us look at the legal usage and prac-
tice in such cases made and provided, and the
proper legal course which should have been
taken by the President to secure his avowed
purpose will at once appear. He could have
made a pro forma removal and a pro forma
appointment, and directed his pro forma ap-
pointee to proceed by a quo wan-auto writ
against Mr. Stanton, to inquire by what war-
rant (right) he continued to exercise the func-
tions of Secretary of War. Every lawyer knows
the nature of this writ, that it is the prescribed
Government means of bringing into court for
examination a person alleged to be wrongfully
exercising a privilege or a franchise, or holding
an oflice by supposition emanating, at some
time, from the sovereign power. This would
have been a proper and decisive proceeding to
test before the courts the constitutionality of
the act. At the instance of the Attorney Gen-
eral, in behalf of the Government, this writ
might have been issued at any time, to inquire
by what right Mr. Stanton assumed to continue
to exercise the functions of Secretary. Failing
to make good and sufficient that right the Sec-
retary's displacement must immediately, us a
matter of course, have followed.
Does any one ask, " Why did not Secretary
Stanton 'give place,' and himself resort to
this writ against General Thomas to regain
possession of the War Department?" Simply
because he could not sue it out or cause it to
be sued out in his behalf. By common law it
was the king's writ, and could only be issued
to remedy some encroachment or remove some
alleged usurpation ujjon the crown's preroga-
tives. It was never issued in England, from
whence we derive it, nor has it ever been in
this country as a private process to redress or
vindicate individual rights. That this writ is
the exclusive royalty of sovereignty in this
country was clearly put by Chief Justice Mar-
shall in Wallace vs. Anderson, 5th Wheaton,
291:
"That a writ of quo warranto could not be main-
tained except at the instance of the Government,
and as this writ was issued by a private individual,
without the authority of the Government, it could
not be sustained, whatever might be the right of the
prosccutor or of the person claiming to exercise tbo
office in question."
Had Grant surrendered, as Johnson wished,
instead of vacating to Stanton; or had Stanton
been caught napping and Thomas been de facto
installed, as Johnson wished and hoped, no
quo warranto writ could have been obtained
against the ad interim Thomas by Stanton or
anybody else, and thus the President would
have accomplished his purpose, obtained pos-
session of the War Department without danger
of an adverse decision by the courts. In fact
he would thus have made himself master of
that most important situation without further
let or hiuderance, save this House alone.
To my mind this does not look like a desire
on the part of the President to get the case be-
fore the courts, but rather like an exhaustive
effort to keep it from the courts. It is true,
Mr. Stanton might not have stood "upon the
order of his going;" he might have allowed
"one Lorenzo Thomas" to come in and then
proceeded to procure a mandamus to be issued
to oust him and regain a possession he had
voluntarily surrendered. Nobody better knew
than Mr. Stanton that possession is halt' the
ease. Nobody better knew than he did that the
country neither expected nor would stand any
such foolery. Mr. Stanton did not yield,
neither did he exemplify the olden saying,
" the Secretary stood alone." Immediately on
serving Mr. Stanton with notice to quit, the
same day the President, by special message,
communicated to the Senate his action, and
that he had made a Secretary ad interim.
For once the Senate acted promptly—that same
day declaring, after long debate, that he had
transcended his power, that he possessed no
such right as he had assumed to exercise.
Equally prompt next day was the action of the
House. And now ere we have done with tiiis
case, with no undue haste, with no asperity, in
the calmness of rcctitude and of reason, do I
trust it will be made to appear that,
"Though the mills of the gods grind slowly, yet they
grind exceeding small;
Though ho stands and waits with paticnco. with ex-
actness grinds he all."
If tlic "all" is duly meted and milled be-
tween the upper and nether millstones of Sen-
ate and House, then it is my beliefs condem-
nation will ensue in the Senate Chamber and
go forth into the forum of mankind commen-
surate with the high office Mr. Johnson has so
desecrated. Perhaps no other official finale
was to be expected from the man the manner
of whose induction into office so humiliated
the whole heart of the nation.
Mr. Johnson claims that he essayed to re-
move Mr. Stanton in virtue of div ern provisions
in sundry old enactments creating, defining,
and regulating the Department of War. The
bearing of these exhumed statutes has already
been too elaborately discussed to require a mo-
| ment's time from me. He also claims in ex-
tenuation, if that removal was in seeming
! contravention of the tenuie-oi'-ofriee act, he
i and every member of his Cabinet belie\ed the
