2790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
cannot proceed to do any business until some
action ot this kind is taken. I have a large
list oi other persons sent her<?. Borne have been
presented. 1 presented several, I know, and
sent them to the Committee on the Judiciary,
I move that the bill be printed and referred to
that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
responsibility of senators..
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lutions, which were read:
Resolutions declaring the constitutional responsibil-
ity of Senators for their votes on impeachment.
Whereas a pretension has been put forth to the
effect that the vote of a Senator on an impeachment
is so far different in character from his vote on any
other question that the people have no right to criti-
cise or consider it; and whereas such pretension, if
not discountenanced, is calculated to impair that
freedom of judgment which belongs to the people on
all that is done by their Representatives : Therefore,
in order to remove all doubts on this question, and
to declare the constitutional right of the people in
cases of impeachment—
1. Resolved, That, even assuming that the Senate
is a court in the exercise of judicial power, Senators
cannot claim that their votes are exempt from the
judgment of the people; that the Supreme Court, when
it has undertaken to act on questions essentially
political in "character, has not escaped this judgment;
that the decisions of thishigh tribunal in support of
slavery have been openly condemned; that the mem-
orable utterance known as the Bred Scott decision
was indignantly denounced and repudiated, while
the Chief Justice who pronounced it became a mark
tor censure and rebuke: and that plainly the votes
of Senators on an impeachment cannot enjoy an
immunity from popular judgment which has been
denied to the Supreme Court, with Taney as Chief
Justice.
2. lle*olved% That the Senate is not at any time a
court, invested with judicial power, but that it is
always a Senate with specific functions, declared by
the Constitution; that according to express words,
"the judicial power of the United States is vested in
ono Supreme Court, and such inferior courts as Con-
gress may from time to time ordain and establish,"
while it is further provided that "the Senate shall
liavc the sole power to try all impeachments," thus
positively making a distinction between the judicial
power and the power to try impeachments; that the
Senate, on an impeachment, does not exeicibe au>
portion of the judicial power, but another and dif-
ferent power, exclusively delegated to the Senate,
having for its soleobjectremoval from oftice and dis-
qualification therefor; that, by the terms of the Con-
stitution, theie may be, aftereonvictionon impeach
ment, a further trial and punishment "according to
law," thus making a discrimination between a pro-
ceeding by impeachment and a proceeding " accord-
ing to lawi", that the proceeding by impeachment is
not "according to law," and is not attended by legal
punishment, but is of an opposite character, and
fiom beginning to end political, being instituted by
apolitical body, on account of political offenses, being
conducted before another political body having polit-
ical power only, and ending in a judgment which is
political only; and therefore the vote of a Senator on
impeachment, though different in form, is not dif-
ferent in responsibility from his vote on any other
political question; nor can any Senator on such an
occasion claim immunity from that just account-
ability which the representative at all times owes to
his constituents.
3. Hesolved, That Senators in all that they do are
under the constant obligation of an oath, binding
them to the strictest rectitudc; that on an impeach-
ment they take a further oath, according to the
requirement ot the Constitution, which says, "Sena-
tors, when sitting to try impeachment, shall be on oath
or affirmation;" that this simple requiiement was
never intended to change the character of the Senate
as a political body, and cannot have any such oper-
ation; and therefore, Senators, whether before or
after the supplementary oath, are equally responsi-
ble to the pooplefor their voles, it being the consti-
tutional right of the people at all times to sit in
judgment on their representatives.
_ Mr. SUMNER. 1 move that those resolu-
tions be printed, so as to be in order to be
called up hereafter.
The motion was agreed to.
commerce on the lakes.
Sir. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the bill (S. No.
20G) to regulate the foreign and coasting trade
on the northern, northeastern, and northwest-
ern 1'rontieis of the United States, and for other
purposes.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration ot' the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the motion of the Senator
from Maine. [Sir. Feksendex.] to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Commerce.
Sir. CHANDLER. I hope that motion will
no t prevail. Indeed,I supposed it would be with-
drawn. The other Senator from Slaine [Mr.
Morrill] has, since the bill was up before,
consulted with some ageuts of the Treasury,
and prepared some amendments that I should
like to have liim submit now, and I think that
then, perhaps, the bill will be entirely satisfac-
tory to every member of the body.
Mr. FBSSENDEN. As the matter has been
examined by the committee, and they have
amendments to submit, I am willing to with-
draw my motion to recommit.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to recommit being withdrawn, the question
is on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Commerce as a substitute for the
original bill.
Sir. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have looked
through this bill for the purpose of proposing
some amendments, but 1 have found so much
objection to it that I can hardly leave much
of it after the amendments which I shall pro-
pose are adopted, if they shall be adopted.
In section five 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state to the Senator that the question is
on the amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce, which is a substitute for the original
bill.
Sir. PESSENDEN. The Senator from Ver-
mont can move to amend the amendment.
Sir. CHANDLER. The proposition of the
Senator from Vermont is to amend the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is in
order.
Sir. SIORRILL, of Vermont. The great
change proposed here is to allow vessels to
touch at as many ports as they please without
stopping to make any entry, to get any permit
or any clearance, and to leave the master of
the vessel to make and amend his manifest as
he pleases or as the facts may authorize. It
seems to me that this would leave the master
to perpetrate frauds if he so pleases, and it
will certainly leave all the ports without any
record of the business transacted. The trade
can only be ascertained thereafter by examin-
ing the manifests as returned to the last port
or place of entry, not by any record made at
the respective places. On the lakes, Lake
Champlain, Lake Erie, Lake Ontario, Lake
Huron, and Lake Michigan, where the vessels
touch at a great number of ports, and where,
in some instances, the distance from the Cana-
dian shore is very short, and the facilities for
the illicit introduction of foreign goods will
be exceedingly great, it seems to me that if
the Senator from Slichigan could relieve this
trade from paying any charges at these various
ports, he might be willing at least that they
should stop and make their formal entry, so
that the Government would know what they
were doing. It strikes me that while it would
be a relief unquestionably to the master of a
vessel not to be compelled to make these
entries and to get a clearance and a permit,
as he is now required to do, yet that it is indis-
pensable to ike Government that they shall be
made to dp/^t, or we may as well give up any
idea of hefving our customs laws executed with
any fidelity upon the lakes. All customs laws
are inconvenient, but we cannot be expected
to abolish them entirely for that reason, so long
,ve must have some revenue for the support
Government.
In section five I notice that the penalty is
reduced from $100 to twenty dollars; so that
if the master of any vessel shall fail to com-
ply with the provisions of the act he shall only
forfeit, twenty dollars. It seems to me that
that is a very great reduction ; and I will add
that, in my judgment, the penalty of $100 as
it exists in the present law is none too much.
Then, when you come to the fee bill, 1 under-
stood the Senator from Slichigan, the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, to inti-
mate that in his opinion the fee bill as here
proposed was not reduced more than about
live per cent. I suppose that if the fee bill
should remain the same that by existing laws
it now is, and these vessels should only be
required to pay fees at one port, while they
may touch at three or four or a dozen; the
amount of fees will be redueed at least one
half; but. in point of fact, the fees are very
largely reduced by this bill, as 1 have ascer-
tained by making a comparison of it with the
law which we passed Slarch 3, 1865. I find
in almost every instance, or in a great number <
of instances, that the fees are very much
reduced. For instance, "for certificate c.e.
enrollment, including bond and oath," the fee
as proposed in this amendment is.one dollar;
but in the existing law it is for a vessel not over
fifty tons, one dollar; for a vessel over fifty
and not over one hundred and fifty tons, $1 50;
and for a vessel over one hundred and fifty
tons, two dollars. Then " for granting license,
including'bond and oath, if not over twenty
tons," the fee proposed by this measure is
forty-five cents. Under the existing law it is
for vessels under one hundred and fifty tons,
one dollar, and over one hundred and fifty
tons, SI 50. "For receiving manifest, includ-
ing master's oath, on arrival of a vessel from
one collection district to another, whether
touching at foreign intermediate ports or not,
under fifty tons," it is proposed to make the
fee twenty-five cents; under the existing law
it is seventy-five cents. " For receiving mani-
fest, iueluding master's oath, on arrival of a
vessel from one collection district to^inother,
whether touching at foreign intermediate ports
or not, over fifty tons," it is proposed to put
the fees at fifty cents ; it is now one dollar.
Then I find that there is an increase in one
part of the bill of fees. "For the entry of a
vessel above fifty tons direct from a foreign
port," the fee is to be $2 50; under the exist-
ing law it is only one dollar; clearance to a
foreign port is also raised from one dollar to
two and a half. I do not see the propriety of
increasing these fees merely because vessels
come from a foreign port. It is opposed to
our system in relation to the foreign trade gen-
erally. I do not think this change ought to
be made. It would be a very great hardship
to compel these vessels of small burden, when
they leave for or touch a foreign port, to pay
$2 50; and where they do it, as they do in
some instances very frequently or several times
a day, it amounts to a very grievous burden.
I could go through the whole of this section
and show that the chairman of the Committee '
on Commerce is certainly mistaken in relation
to the amount of the reduction. Having, as
Congress did, very carefully considered this
matter in the law of Slarch 3, 1865. I think it
would be unwise for us so soon thereafter to
make a change. Those fees are now well under-
stood, and, so far as I know, they are very
generally satisfactory. They were satisfactory
at the time they were made, and I see no reason
for any change. It is important that we make
these fees, so far as possible, self-sustaining to
the officeis that are required to execute these
laws. I think it therefore imprudent for us at
this time to reduce these fees so that the
officers on all the lake ports will become a
direct charge upon the*Treasury.
The last section of the bill, I find, totally
revolutionizes the mode of distribution of for-
feitures and penalties. Under the existing law
l one fourth part goes to the officers, one fourth
j part to the United States, ami one half to the
I informer. This last section proposes to make
' a radical change. It provides—
i "That the Secretary of the Trfta«ur  shall have
: authority to ascertain the facts upon ali application;;
for remission of tines orpcnalties mcurre t under the
provisions of this nor, whore the amount m question
; does not exceed J1.UU0. in snu-h manner and under
. such refutations as tie may deem proper, and he m.iv
thereupon remit or mitigate such liae? or pen,ikies
' 'u opinion, the s hug snail have bo^n lueuried
! without willful negligence or intention oi' fr«iud in the
i person or persons incurring the same," ie.
| Now, Sir. President, it seems to mo it would
I be exceedingly imprudent for us to place this
j authority in the hands of the Secretary of the
; Treasury, and impose this duty upon him. in
; all cases where the penalties and forfeitures
j did not exceed $1,000, of distributing those
I penalties to whomsoever ha pleased, giving all
