1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26?
40tii Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment-—Mr, Julian.
Ho. op Reps.
act unconstitutional, as though such belief, even
if honestly entertained, justified a direct vio-
lation of its provisions. Right here it may be
well to pause for a backward look to " those
days" when there were "giants in the land:"
"On the 16th of February, 1835, when the United
States Senate had under its consideration a bill to
repeal the act of 1820, commonly called the four
years' law, passed in restraint of the power of the ex-
ecutive, Mr. Webster, among other things, said:
'feiucc the President could not appoint without the
consent of the Senate, so he ought not to remove
without the concurrence of the Senate.' Hecontcndcd
that a mere nomination of a new candidate did
not vaeate the office ; that if the Senate rejected the
nomination, the incumbent officer should continue
in his place. II the Constitution had given to the
IVcriidont tho power of appointment without the aid
of the Senate then he might also exercise the power
oi_ removal.
"There had been another proposition thrown out
intbe course of debate, that was, whether the Exec-
utive power was subject to constraint ornot by law.
lie believed it might be, for if it was absolute or be-
yond the control of law then nothing could be done
respecting: it, but all knew that offices could be cre-
ated or abolished by Congress, at its pleasure. Even
the time of the continuance of an office might be
fixed. The power exercised by Congress in passing
the lour years' law, was a proof ofit. '.Chat lawnot
only limited the term of holding office, but actually
took away commissions which had been signed by
the President and sanctioned by the Senate.'*
* * * * "He considered the proposition
before the Senate, rather as a bill to regulate the
tenure of office," &c.—Congremional Globe, Twonty-
Xhiid Congress, second session, vol. 2, pages 250-1."
Has a clearer, stronger light dawned upon
us since those days? when limitation, abridge-
ment of executive power, even tenure-of-ofliee
acts were enacted and not deemed contrary to
law or unconstitutional by the great "expounder
and defender of the Constitution." Well might
it now be asked, when, where, was the modern
discovery made of a clause of the Constitution
or a statutory provision conferring upon Presi-
dent Johnson and his Cabinet revisory powers,
judicial functions, or any appellate jurisdiction
whatever over the legislation of Congress?
If this revisory power exists and can be exer-
3ised respecting one statute, it exists and can be
exercised in respect to any and every statute
that has not been ''passed" by the Supreme
Court. If that sequence is logical and force-
ful—and I see nothing to the contrary—the
President may choose to regard and treat any
statute unconstitutional which lies athwart the
pathway of his policy or any of his purposes.
Are his defenders, is the Democratic party
which just now occupies that relation, prepared
to take that ground and accept the conse-
quences? If they are, I cannot believe they
can carry with them the country to that most
dangerous position. Take, as an example,
the act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army, passed March 2, 18G7. It
established the headquarters of the General
of the Army of the United States in this city;
it directs that "all orders and instructions
relating to military operations issued by the
President or Secretary of War shall be issued
through the General,"&e. It prohibits the
General being removed, suspended, or re-
lieved from command,-or assigned to duty else-
where, &c., "without the previous approval of
the Senate; " declares "any orders or instruc-
tions relating to military operations issued
contrary to these requirements," &e., "shall
be null and void; " declares the issuance of any
such Orders, transmission of the same, obedi-
ence thereto, shall make the offender "liable
to imprisonment for not less than two nor
more than twenty years,"&c. We can better
apprehend now than we could four days ago
the dangers that lurk in such executive as-
sumption. Perhaps we shall soon know else-
where, and perhaps we shall never know, what
those thoughtful clauses have saved us from ;
the extent and the intent of the approaches
mack: to officers commanding military forces
in this city and elsewhere. Thanks to their
patriotism and to their intelligence, as far as yet
made known, all, save the Adjutant General
of (he Army, proved true and faithful, andbet-
ter posted as to the law and duly, than seem-
ingly was the " Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy of the United States."
The President's official oath requires him
faithfully to "execute the office of Presi-
ident." The Constitution requires him to
"take care that the laws be faithfully exe-
cuted "—not to construe, not to pass upon the
constitutionality, but to obey them himself,
and to cause others to obey them I How has
he performed that duty ? How is he now per-
forming that duty in the South and here in the
capital of the nation ? He seems to have for-
gotten and to forget that Mr. Johnson, as Pres-
ident, is himself as much the creature of the
Constitution, that both he and his high office
are now as amenable to law, statutory metes
and bounds, as when he himself was "an
humble plebeian," or discharging the lowly
duties of an "alderman."
His misapprehension may have arisen in this
wise: it is generally conceded that the powers
of the Executive in war far transcend those
that may be exercised in times of peace. The
terrible war of the rebellion for the first time
revealed "the hiding" of these powers in the
Constitution. They were brought out and put
to utmost requisition by Mr. Lincoln. In suc-
ceeding Mr. Lincoln Mr. Johnson seemed to
think he succeeded to the rightful exercise of
all the power wielded by Mr. Lincoln to sup-
press the rebellion. Ignoring the vast differ-
ence of situation, without a public necessity,
in time of profound peace, he has, in despite
and in defiance of plain law, assumed to exer-
ciseuncallcd for,unwarranted, absolute powers,
to promote his own personal purposes.
In that he did this knowingly, willfully, per-
sistently, does he not deserve impeachment?
Judging by the past, can there be any security
for the future while he wields the executive
power? He suspended Mr. Stanton; the Sen-
ate declared his reasons insufficient; in other
words, that the Secretary was out "contrary to
law." He next issued an order for his absolute
removal. Again the Senate considered the
case and declared the President had, in thus
doing, acted " contraryto law." Notwithstand-
ing that formal and well-considered deliver-
ance of his constitutional advisers, he has since,
as President, issued two formal orders "to
Adjutant General Thomas" to take posses-
sion of the War Department as Secretary ad
interim. To this hour, as far as known, does
he persist in endeavoring to compass the re-
moval and actual ejection of Secretary Stanton
andtheinstallmentinstead of General Thomas,
notwithstanding the solemn, formal declaration
of twenty-nine out of thirty-six Senators that
such proceeding of his is in violation of law.
Did I not thus well say he knowingly, delib-
erately, persistently disregarded, broke the
law, and deserved impeachment? And I now
further say we have no reason to believe that
he will desist or do different while permitted
to be President of the Republic. Instead of
forbearing and hoping from him better things,
is it not a natural, inevitable presumption that
his official regimen will be, as-it heretofore has
been, continually from bad to worse?
The tenure-of-office act of March, 18(37, ori-
ginated in this settled conviction, and that what
security against his encroachments and usurp-
ations law could give must be involved pi'O
bono publico. It did not originate so much in
restraint of Mr. Johnson's exercise of the usual
prerogatives of the Executive as in his refusal
to respect, in removals and appointments, the
constitutional " advice and consent of the Sen-
ate." But for another purpose I turn to that
act now. The sixth section sets forth:
"That every removal, appointment, or employ-
ment made, had. or exercised contrary to the pro-
visions of this act, and the making, signing, sealing,
countersigning, or issuing of any commission or let-
ter of authority for or in respect to any such appoint-
ment or employment, shall be deemed and are hereby
declared to be high misdemeanors,'' &e.
Was or is the Secretary of War included in
the provisions of that act? The first section,
among other things, after enumerating the Sec-
retaries of Departments officially eo nomine,
declares they—
"Shall hold their offices respectively for and dur-
ing theterm of the President by whom they may have
been appointed, andforonemontli thereafter,subject
to removal by and with the advice and censent of
the Senate."
Mr. Johnson was never elected President;
he is but serving out Mr. Lincoln's second
"term;" that second "term" expires March,
1869. Mr. Stanton, duly commissioned, was
serving as Secretary of War in the very midst
of that second "term" when he was so sum-
marily removed, or attempted to be, last Fri-
day, without the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, and another was directed by the President's
express letter, if not commission, to take his
place.
If English words, marshaled into the formal-
ity of a statute, do not lose their usual foroe
and significance, if facts are not falsehoods,
then has Andrew Johnson, acting President of
the United States, beyond all cavil and all
doubt, in disregard of his oath, violated, broken,
both the spirit and the letter of the first and
sixth sections of the "act regulating the tenure
of certain civil offices," passed March 2, 1807.
Shall he, for that transgression, be arraigned
and impeached? He did it deliberately; he
did it after the Senate had solemnly declared his
"reasons" for the removal of that officer were
insufficient. It has not been pretended, it will
not be, that since his resumption of " the func-
tions of his office" Secretary Stanton has given
any fresh occasion or reason for this last out-
break. The act of the President last Friday
was then, as I said, deliberate, and, in view
of the previous suspension and restoration of
Mr. Stanton, with no new or additional provo-
cation, insolent and defiant to the Senate and
to the sense of the country ; not, perhaps, in
itself of the gravest importance, yet, viewed
in connection with the previous unsustained
suspension, and as one of a series of illegal
acts, in my judgment, it is sufficient to admon-
ish us that the hour has fully come when wo
must resort to that great supreme remedy pro-
vided in the Constitution—impeachment; im-
peachment for the past, impeachment for the
present, impeachment that we may have speedy
reconstruction, restoration, peace, quietness,
and assurance throughout all the borders of our
land. Is it not palpably evident that with this
man in his high office we cannot have present
tranquillity and prosperity or any reliable assur-
ance for the future? My vote must be, there-
fore, in favor of putting him on trial; and be-
lieving, as I do, that he is guilty, greatly guilty,
I cannot, much as I pity him, find it in my
heart to repeat, in liis behalf, the old formula,
" May God grant him a safe deliverance."
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. G. W. JULIAN,
01" INDIANA,
In the House of Repkesextai-ives,
March 2, 1868,
On the articles of impeachment reported from tho
committee.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I do not rise
for the purpose of discussing the articles of
impeachment reported by the committee, but
to submit a general observation or two by way
of explanation of their spirit and purpose.
Should these articles be adopted by the House,
the President must be tried upon the specific
charges which they recite; and the proof of
them being almost wholly matter of record, the
trial can be speedily concluded, and the re-
moval of the President as certainly secured as
it could bo done oil a full review of all bis past
misdeeds. The people will not fail to sec this;
and under the impelling desire for the restor-
ation of order and peace throughout the coun-
