1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3815
States, direct me to report it back and recom-
mend its indefinite postponement, the subject
having been acted on.
The bill was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of the National Board of Trade, praying
the passage of an act to incorporate Said Na-
tional Board of Trade, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of W. S. Chipley,
praying the release of his son, William Dudley
Chipley, imprisoned by order of the military
authorities in Georgia, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from (he same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 076) relating to
the district courts of Utah Territory, reported
it with an amendment.
F. N. BLAKE.
Mr. POMEROY. If there is no further
morning business, I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House hill No.
1156. It is a private bill, and it will take but
a moment of time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read by its title.
The Chief Clerk. •' A bill (H. R. No. 1156)
authorizing the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to issue a patent to P. N. Blake
for one hundred and sixty acres of land in
Kansas."
Mr. POMEROY. The facts are all set out
in the preamble of the bill. Let the bill be
read at length.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. The preamble recites that mili-
tary bounty land warrant No. 82578 for one
hundred and sixty acres was issued under the
act of March 3, 1855, in the name of Betsey
Foster, and by her sold and assigned to F. N.
Blake, and thereafter lost by Blake; that Blake
proved the loss and ownership of the warrant
to the satisfaction of the Commissioner of
Pensions, and obtained the issue of a duplicate
warrant and has located the same on the north-
east quarter of section twenty-five, in township
six south, of range one east, in the Stale of
Kansas. The bill, therefore, directs the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to cause
a patent for the land to be issued to F. N.
Blake, as if the duplicate land warrant had
been assigned to him by the warrantee.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ROCK ISLAND IS1UDQE.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 201.
The motion was agreed to ; and the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (H. R. No. 201)
in relation to the Rock Island bridge was
resumed as in Committee of the Whole, the
pending question being on the amendment
reported by the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, to insert as an additional section:
Sec. 3. And he it further resolved, That any bridge
built under the provisions of this resolution shall be
constructed so as to conform to the requirements of
section two of an act entitled "An act to authorize
the construction of ceitain bridges, and to establish
them as post roads," approved J uly 25,1866.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
Mr. MORTON. As this measure is a new
one to me, I should like to have some one
explain how it is that the Government of the
United States is building this bridge. I do not
know anything about it, I suppose there is
some good reason for it.
Mr. HARLAN. When this question was up
before I attempted to explain it. The Gov-
ernment has been building, and is still con-
structing, large works for an arsenal and armory
on Rock Island, lying in the Mississippi river
between the town of Rock Island, in Illinois,
and the town of Davenport, in Iowa, and it is
necessary to have a connection with each shore.
This resolution provides for a bridge across the
channel between the island and Illinois to be
constructed entirely by the railroad company,
and for a bridge between the island and the
Iowa shore to be constructed jointly by the
Government and the railroad company. The
railroad company now have a structure across
the river at that point which, itiis insisted by
the river men above and below, to some extent
interferes with navigation, and it is .thought
desirable to have it torn out, and perhaps it
ought to be torn out; and yet it answers all
the purposes of the railroad for passing their
trains. This bridge is intended to accommo-
date both a wagon-road and the railroad. It
is provided that part of the expense shall be
borne by the Government and part by the rail-
road company, and in that case the old bridge
is to be torn out, and in that way remove what
is regarded as an obstruction of navigation.
The people of St. Louis are very anxious to
have it done, and all the people above on the
river, in Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, and Min-
nesota, are very anxious to have it done.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This is a
resolution that ought not to be considered in
the morning hour. If it is to pass I desire to
occupy more time than there is now left, for I
mean to fully expose the entire character of
this measure. We have made liberal appropria-
tions for Hock Island. I do not object to the
appropriations for the establishment of an
arsenal and armory at Rock Island. But here
is a proposition, brought forward in the first
instance in an appropriation hill some years ago,
making an appropriation of barely $200,000
for building a bridge from Rock Island to
the Iowa shore, and of that sum the railroad
company was to pay one half, and one half of
the expense pf keeping the bridge in repair
was also to be paid by the railroad company.
Subsequently, or at some time, a report was
made making estimates for this bridge, and the
estimates were, as I have been informed,
$1,200,000. Now, without stating a word as
to the amount of appropriation needed, a new
proposition comes in here that the bridge shall
be built not to exceed the estimate of the cost,
which is, as I believe, $1,200,000. Wc have
appropriated and paid out something like three
hundred thousand dollars to extinguish the
private rights upon this island. We then paid
$100,000 in order to acquire possession of some
water-power upon the island. We have ap-
propriated six or seven hundred thousand dol-
lars to establish the arsenal and armory. I
understand that it is the purpose here to have
an establishment for which at least we have at
present no use, that shall cost §20,000,000,
which is to exceed anything in the known world
for its extent, magnificence, and beauty. But
that is not the question that is under consider-
ation here.
Why should the United States be called upon
to bnild a bridge here at all? The facilities
needed for reaching the Illinoisshore are very
small and inexpensive. We paid for one
bridge, reaching to the Illinois shore, the
amount of $14,000. That has been swept away,
but it could be replaced at a very small expense
compared with this on the grand scale of a mil-
lion or twelve hundred thousand dollars.
But this bill which it is proposed to pass in
the morning hour as an example of the policy
of this Congress on the subject of internal
improvements, proposes not only to build a
bridge at that expense, but to take upon itself
the responsibility of tearing down another, of
abating it as a nuisance, and thereby render-,
ing the United States Government liable for
at least fiom five to eight hundred thousand
dollars more.
And why should this be done? Is there any
more reason why the United States should
build a railroad bridge here for a private cor-
poration than there would be at Troy ? We
have an arsenal opposite Troy, the Watervliet
arsenal, and there is a railroad that crosses the
Hudson to West Troy, where the arsenal is
located.
If the Senators from New York were to come
forward here and ask us to build abridge there
that would accommodate not only the great
Central railroad from Troy to Schenectady,
but passenger and foot travel, would the Sen-
ate listen to it for a moment? Take the case
of Massachusetts. You have an armory and
arsenal at Springfield, and the Massachusetts
Western railroad has a bridge crossing at
Springfield. Suppose the people of West
Springfield should ask to have a bridge built
there by Congress, for the use of the railroad
and for accommodation of public travel, would
the Senate of the United States listen to it for
a single moment? And yet in both the cases
I have mentioned there is as much reasou
why the United States should embark in this
extraordinary enterprise as there is at Rock
Island. I do not think our present revenues
warrant any such expenditures.
Mr. MORTON. 1 should like to ask my
friend from Vermont one question. If the
Government of the United States authorized
the building of a bridge at Rock Island which
turned out to be an obstruction to navigation
and a nuisance, is it under any legal obligations
to build another one in its place, if it assumes
the responsibility of pulling down this nuisance?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
question in relation to the equity of the claim
the railroad company would have if we should
go and destroy their property. If the courts,
which have been appealed to, refuse to declare
the bridge a nuisance, what attitude would the
United States be in in going forward and author-
izing the War Department to abate and destroy
it without any examination and without any
ceremony?
But, Mr. President, this is a bill that ought
to receive the careful scrutiny of Congress. It
is time that we adopted some policy and
adhered to it, a policy that we are willing to
stand by, in relation to internal improvements.
I am unwilling myself to vote for an appropri-
ation of this extravagant character, which is for
the benefit mainly of a private corporation, and
so far as the interests of the United States are
concerned they do not amount to a fraction of
the whole case.
Mr. MORTON. There is a somewhat im-
portant lesson to be learned from this bill. The
United States authorized the construction of a
bridge at Rock Island, which turned out to be
a serious obstruction to navigation.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Indiana
is misinformed. The United States never
authorized the construction of the old bridge.
It was built there in virtue of laws of Illinois
and Iowa.
Mr. MORTON. I may be mistaken about
that, but the bridge turns out to be an obstruc-
tion to navigation. The Government resolves
to pull it down, and may, therefore—I will not
deny it—be under some obligation to bear some
portion of the expense of building another
bridge. I simply want to refer to this to show
the importance of qot allowing any more bridges
to be built over these rivers, and especially the
Ohio river, that the Government may afterward
be called upon to pull down and then to rebuild
at its own expense. I say there are bridges
now authorized to be built over the Ohio river
and applications pending here to build others
over that river, which the Government will be
called upon to pull down and afterward to
rebuild at its own expense.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
strike out the second sectiom
Mr. HARLAN. I hope that will not be
done.
The section proposed to be stricken out was
read, as follows:
Sfo '' Aii'l be it further resolved, That in case the
Rock'island and Pacific Railroad Company shall
