8816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
July 8,
neglect or fail, for sixty days after tho passage of this
resolution, to make and guaranty the agreement
specifier! in the act of appropriation Aforesaid, no-
proved March 2. 1867, then the Secretary of War
shall be, and is hereby, uuthoii/.ed and required to
ctirecr tbo removal of the existing bridge and to direct
the construction of the bridge aforesaid,and expend
the money appropriated lor that purpose n said act;
and the s.iid Ituek Inland and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany shall not have, acquire, or enjoy any right of
way or privilege thereon, or the use of said bridge,
until the agi cement aforesaid shall be made and
guarantied according to the terms and conditions of
said act of appropriation All acts or parts of acts
inconsistent with these resolutions are hereby re-
pealed,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays on this amendment.
The jeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely de-
sire to haye the Senate notice that this section
is the one which authorizes and requires the
Secretary of War to tear down the existing
railroad bridge there.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not understand the
logic of the Senator from Vermont. He first
tells the Senate that this measure is in the in-
terest of a corporation, and then moves to
strike out that feature of it which is unfavor-
able to the corporation to enable them to keep
their present structure and defeat the whole
enterprise, for of course if that is stricken out
the company will have no inducement to con-
clude the contract which the first section pro-
vides for.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. My logic is
that I desire to kill the bill. If I can kill one
part of it at one blow I desire to do it, and
with another blow the rest of the bill. If we
are to be involved in an expenditure here of
$1,800,000 I desire to strike off §000,000 if I
possibly can.
Mr. HARLAN. I am gratified at the last
announcement of the Senator. He says the
purpose of this amendment is to destroy the
joint resolution. I hope, therefore, that those
who are friendly to this measure will under-
stand it in the light in which the Senator has
last presented it.
I wish to correct another statement made
by the Senator, also, in his former speech,
and that was that after an appropriation of
$200,000 had been made an investigation had
been had and a report of commissioners. If I
understand the history of this transaction cor-
rectly—I was not in the Senate at the time,
however—a commission was appointed under
the direction of the War Department and
made a report, and in pursuance of that report
an appropriation of $200,000 was made. I
ought to say here that i think the Secretary of
War originally approved the proposition, and
the present Secretary of War also approves it
in a letter which 1 have in my hand.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
that I have any opposition to this resolution,
but I rise simply, as the yeas and nays are
called, to understand if I can what the question
really is. I should like to ask the Senator
from Iowa, who has charge of this resolution,
by what authority this bridge has been con-
structed ?
Mr. HARLAN. I think under a law of the
State of Illinois, and perhaps a similar law
enacted by the Legislature of Iowa.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Hasiteverbeen
adjudged a nuisance or obstruction to naviga-
tion?
Mr. HARLAN. Litigation lias been in pro-
gress for a number of years, eight or ten years,
I think, on that subject. It never has been
removed. It has not been removed in pursu-
ance of any decree of any court. I do not
remember the history of the litigation on the
subject; but it has been in the courts for a long
series of years, and is regarded as a nuisance
by those engaged in navigating the river. It
is an obstruction to some extent, I have no
doubt; perhaps a serious obstruction.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. One question
further. Do we understand that this is a direc-
tion to the Secretary of War in a certain con-
tingency to remoye the bridge?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir, I so interpret the
resolution, that in case the company does not
comply with the contract the Secretary of War
shall have authority to tear down the bridge
that is now regarded as a nuisance. But I
ought to state, for the information of the Sena-
tor and of the Senate, that this resolution was
drawn up in the War Department in pursuance
of an understanding entered into between the
railroad company and the War Department.
So I do not apprehend that there will be any
difficulty on that subject whatever. I do not
suppose that the necessity will arise for tearing
down the old bridge by the War Department.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then it k to
enforce the conditions of a certain contract by
which the company undertake to do that par-
ticular thing?
Mr. HARLAN. That we may have the his-
tory of the whole affair, I ask leave to read the
original law, to be found on page 485 of the
fourteenth volume of the Statutes-at-Large:
"For the erection of a bridge at Rock Island, Illi-
nois. as recommended by the chief of ordnance,
$200,000: Provided, That tho ownership of said
bridge shall be and remain in the United States, and
tho Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Company shall
have tho right of way over said budge tor all pur-
poses of tra-nsit across the isla.nd and river, npon tho
condition that the said company shall, before any
money is expended by the Government, agree to pay
and shall secare to the United States, first, half the
cost of said bridge; and second, half the expenses of
keeping said bridge in repair, and upon guarantying
said conditions to the satisfaction of the Secretary
of War by contract or otherwisothe said company
shall have the free use of said bridge for purposes of
transit, but without any claim to ownership thereof."
In attempting to carry out that understand-
ing, as provided for in this law, I have been
informed that a legal difficulty was interposed.
The Attorney General thought the company
had not, perhaps, the right to bind the stock-
holders. It is thought that that difficulty is
remedied by this resolution; that if this reso-
lution becomes a law carrying out the original
understanding it will be effective, and that the
new structure will be erected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
ask the Senator-, then, whether the difficulty
which leads Congress to interpose is, that the
company does not perform its conditions, or
that it has built a structure which obstructs
navigation?
Mr. HARLAN. The existing bridge was
built a number of years ago. Of course the
fact that that old structure does, to some extent,
obstruct navigation was the primary reason for
making this appropriation in the law of 18G7,
in order that a bridge may be constructed below
at a point on the island where it is supposed it
will not interfere materially with navigation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on tho amendmentstrikingoutthesecond
section, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 24 ; as follows :
YJiAS — Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Conkling,
Edmunds, Feny, E'cssendcn, McCreery, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Verraont, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Sherman, and Van Winkle—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Cole, Conness,
Cragin, Davis, Drake, Harlan, Howard, McDonald,
Morgan, Osborn, Pom eroy, Ramsey, Stewart, Sn rnner,
Tipton, Trumbull, Vickcrs, Wade, Welch, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—24.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Corbett,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, Morton,
Norton, Nye, Patterson of Tennessee, Rice, Ross,
Saulsbury, Spraguc, Thayer, and Wilicy—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to inquire what
is the estimate made by the commissioners of
the cost of the bridge? I see it is referred to
in the first section of the resolution.
Mr. HARLAN. I regret very much that I
have not had an opportunity to lay my hands
upon the report of the commissioners appointed
by the War Department to examine this ques-
tion originally ; but I have been told that the
estimates were about a million dollars for
the whole structure. The Senator from Ver-
mont says $1,200,000. But I do not consider
that question material. Congress decided two
years ago to put up this bridge according to
this plan. That question therefore has been
settled, as it seems to me, and now thisis
merely a remedial act to enable the War
Department to carry into effect what Congress
heretofore has determined on. The law origin-
ally was passed when I was not a member of
the body, under the guideand auspices of other
Senators, and I should regret very much if the
Senate should now turn its back on the State
when it is differently represented.
Mr. CORBETT. I understood the Senator
from Vermont to say that it would be about
one million eight hundred thousand dollars.
That was the reason why I made the#inquiry.
I thought that the Senator who has this matter
in charge ought to know what the estimate of
the commissioners was, and give information
to the Senate on that question. 1 think the
gentleman who has it in charge ought to be
able to inform the Senate of the estimated cost,
of the bridge.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator's criticism
would be perfectly just if it were an original
proposition; but Congress heretofore has
passed a law directing this bridge to be con-
structed, and made an appropriation of^200,000
to prosecute the work. That law, as it turns
out, is somewhat defective, and this is intended
merely to remedy that defect. Congress has,
therefore, originally decided the main ques-
tion, that it is a proper thing to be done, and
has made an appropriation for that purpose.
I do not ask for any additional appropriation.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that, by the
former law the company was to pay half the
cost of the bridge; but this resolution pro-
vides that in case they do not the Government
is to proceed to build the bridge, does it not?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes; but the Senator will
perceive that if the old structure is torn down
by the order of the Secretary of War, the rail-
road company not agreeing to pay half the
cost of the bridge, they will have to build a new
bridge for themselves, which makes it perfectly
obvious that they will close in with the propo-
sition.
Mr. WILSON. I think the main question
before us is, Why it is necessary for the Gov-
ernment to build this bridge at all? I ahould
like to have that considered.
Mr. HARLAN. I have the same answer for
the Senator from Massachusetts that I have
just given to tho Senator from Oregon. That
would have been pertinent two years ago, when
the original proposition was before Congress ;
but the same reasons that then induced Con-
gress to make theappropriation and direct the
structnre to be erected, I suppose, stiH exist;
in fact I know they do. In the opinion of the
War Department the bridge ought to be built
for the convenience of the Government, there
being a vast amount of property on Rock Island
where the principal depot of arms and the man-
ufactureof arms for the entire Northwest is to
be erected. A vast amount of money, the Sen-
ator from Vermont says, has already been ap-
propriated and expended in Government works
upon that island—not ior the State ot Illinois
or Iowa, as the Senator intimated, as I thought
unjustly, but for the Government itself, to pro-
mote the interests of the people of the United
States, in order that there might be proper
depots and manufactories for arms for the peo-
ple of the United States at a convenient point
for use when any emergency may arise requir-
ing it. I have a letter here from the present
Secretary of War approving and recommend-
ing the carrying into effect of the original prop-
osition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am really somewhat
surprised at the opposition that is clicitcd ta
this measure in the Senate, particularly bj
older members of the Senate. I was as'on
ished at the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, to strike out the second section of' thi.-
bill which authorized the Secretary of War, in
case the railroad company did no"- carry out
their contract with the Goveinirs-nt, to remove
the bridge that is now there. Ke talks about
damages. The Mississippi liver is a highway
by treaty and several acts of Congress, and the
United States has a right, at any time, to
