1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1769
Mr. BLAINE. I should be very glad to
have the language changed, if that is the effect
of it. 1 have an impression that the general
law would apply to the case.
Mr. MAYNARD. This bill provides for a
specific oath.
Mr. BLAINE. I shall be very glad if the
gentleman will move an amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend so as
to provide that they shall take the oath of
office prescribed by the act of July 2, 18G2.
Mr. BLAINE. I have no objection to
that.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objec-
tion, the amendment will bo considered as
agreed to.
No objection was made.
Mr. ALLISON. Has this bill been printed?
Mr. BLAINE. I wish to make a brief state-
ment. This bill is recommended very strongly
by the director of the Mint at Philadelphia
and by the Secretary of the Treasury. It is a
bill which really ought to have been passed by
Congress more than a year ago. Idaho, I
think, mines more than all the other Terri-
tories, and the inhabitants of that Territory are
subject to great inconvenience by the fact that
there is no place where they can get their
bullion made into bars or anything of that
kind.
_ Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me to offer an amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. I will hear the amendment
read. I do not intend to yield until I know
what it is.
Mr. ALLISON. I see that this bill cstab-
lishes_ an assay office, a sub-Treasury, and a
bank in Idaho.
Mr. BLAINE. I will send to the Clerk's
desk and ask to have read a letter from the
director of the Mint at Philadelphia, with the
indorsement of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and then, I think, the gentleman from Iowa may
possibly not object to the bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
Mint of thk United States.
Philadelphia, February 17,186S.
Dear Sir: Tour letter of 16th instant, inclosing
copy of a bill for establishing an assay office at Boise
city, in the Territory of Idaho, has been received.
I have made sueh modifications of the bill as ap-
peared to be required, and return it herewith. It
contains all the provisions necessary for establish-
ing an office foi? tho rcccipt, melting, assaying, and
returning to the depositor bullion in the form of
unparted bars, with the fineness and weight of gold
and silver stamped thereon. For conducting these
operations but one officer is provided for, namely, an
assaycr, who, with an assistant, clerk, and a few
workmen, will be sufficient for the proper and eco-
nomical dispatch of tho business of the office.
For tho erection of a suitable edifico and putting
up the necessary apparatus and fixtures, and also fen-
defraying tho expenses of the institution for the
next fiscal year, the sum of seventy-five thousand
dollars will, in my opinion, be abundant. An assay
office in the Territory of Idaho, to which the peoplo
can take their bullion and have it converted into
commercial bars, bearing tho United States stamp
of fineness and weight, will certainly bo a decided
advantage to theui; and, as it is proposed to meet
the requirements of the bullion interests of tho Ter-
ritory of Idaho by establishing a,nd conducting such
an office at a very moderate expense, the measure
should receive the favorable consideration of Con-
gress.
"Vcry respectfully,
II. r. linderman, Director.
Hon. E. D. Holbhook,
Delegate from Idaho Territory, Washington, D. 0.
Treasury Department, February 19,1868.
I concur in the opinion expressed in the within
letter by the Director of the Mint, relative to the
expediency of tho erection of an assay office in the
Territory of Idaho, and ask for the same tho favor-
able consideration of Congress.
ii. Mcculloch,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. BLAINE. I will now yield to the gen-
tleman from Iowa to offer an amendment which
I think is proper.
Mr. ALLISON. I propose to restrict the
gold certificates. I wanted to restrict them to
ยง500, but the gentleman says that he will agree
to my amendment if I propose $100.
Mr. BLAINE. That will be fail-.
Mr. ALLISON. It is certainly not the in-
tention of the Government to authorize the
sub-Treasurer there to issue gold certificates in
any sum ho may choose. I therefore move to
amend the sixth section of the bill by insert-
ing after the words "certificates of deposit,"
in line six, the words "in sums not less than
$100."
Mr. BLAINE. I hope that amendment will
bo agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I now move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CANCELLATION AND DESTRUCTION OP BONDS.
Mr. PRICE. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution for considera-
tion at this time:
llesolved, That tho Committee on Retrenchment
be, and it is hereby, instructed to investigate tho
charges made by the gontleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] in reference to the false certificate of the
destruction of $18,640,000of United States bonds, and
to reporf to this House to-inorrow.
The SPEAKER. It will require unanimous
consent to authorize the committee to report
to-morrow, as it is not probable it will be
reached in the regular call of committees for
reports.
Mr. PRICE. It has been suggested to me
that I had better make it so that the committee
can report the day after to-morrow. I modify
the resolution accordingly, and ask unanimous
consent for its consideration now.
No objection was made, and the resolution
was received.
The question was upon agreeing to the reso-
lution.
Mr. PRICE. I have offered this resolution
because I pledged myself to the House some
time since to move for an investigation of
this matter. Immediately upon making that
promise to the House I was waited upon by
three members of the Committee on Retrench-
ment, who assured me that they were now
considering that matter. All I desire is to
have it investigated and reported upon to this
House, so that the country may understand
just what are the facts in the case. I trust
some satisfactory explanation maybe given of
it. I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
TAX ON DISTrLLED SPIRITS.
Mr. CIIANLER, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 899) explanatory
of an act entitled "An act to prevent frauds in
the collection of the tax on distilled spirits,"
approved January 11, 1808 ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
TENURE 01' OFFICE.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I' ask unanimous
consent to have taken from the Speaker's
table for reference Senate bill No. 2G9, in ad-
dition to an act entitled "An act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices."
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was referred ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VACANCIES IN EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I also ask unani-
mous consent to have taken from the Speaker's
table for reference Senate bill No. 352, to au-
thorize the temporary supplying of vacancies in
the executive department.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was referred; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
E. E. AND R. vr. CLARKE.
Mr. DIXON. I ask unanimous consent, to
have taken from the Speaker's table for refer-
ence Senate bill No. 347, to confirm the titls
of Ethan Ray Clarke and Samuel Ward Clarke
to certain lands in the State of Florida, claimed
under a grant from the Spanish Government.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee oil
Private Land Claims.
LAND GRANTS TO NEVADA.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table for
reference Senate bill No. 190, to farther pro-
vide for giving effect to the various grants of
public lands to the State of Nevada.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
SETTLEMENT OP PUBLIC ACCOUNTS.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table for
reference Senate bill No. 350, to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide for the prompt
settlement of public accounts," approved
March 3,1817.
Mr. LOAN. I object.
LEAVE 01' ABSENCE.
Mr. NICHOLSON asked and obtained leavs
cf absence for one week.
Mr. HUNTER asked and obtained indefinite
leave of absence for Mr. Washburn, of Indi-
ana, on account of sickness in his family. .
Mr. O'NEILL asked and obtained leave of
absence for Mr. Broomall until Friday night
next.
COURT AT CAIRO, ILLINOIS.
Mr. MARSHALL, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary
a bill (II. R. No. 347) to amend an act to divide
the State of Illinois into two judicial districts,
approved February 13, 1855.
Tho bill, which was read, provides that in
addition to the terms of the circuit and district
courts of the United States for the southern
district of Illinois, now held at Springfield,
terms of those courts shall hereafter be held at
the city of Cairo, in that district, to begin on
the first Mondays of March and October of
each year.
The second section provides that the clerks
of the circuit and district courts shall keep
clerks' offices for those courts at Cairo, arid that
all records and papers appertaining to the bus-
iness of those courts at that city shall be kept
therein, and that they shall appoint deputy
clcrks for those courts, who shall reside in
Cairo.
The third section provides that the district
attorney for the southern district of Illinois
shall perform the duties of his office in the cir-
cuit and district courts held at Cairo, and the
marshal of that district shall occupy an office
at that city and appoint a deputy who shall
reside there.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed for a
third reading : and being engrossed, it wa3
aecordinglj' read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MARSHALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE BUILDING, ETC., IN BOSTON.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on the Post Office
