1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
26 
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Getz.
Ho. of Beps.
tendered him a standing army of five hundred
thousand men ill time of profound peace, as
the nucleus of a consolidated Government,
and he rejected the jvoffcr. They tendered
him the unlimited patro.iage and the unlimited
millions of the Frccdmen's Bureau bill, which
made lii'm despot of ten States and master of
the remainder, and he spurned the proposition.
Andrew Johnson had registered an oath in
heaven to be faith lul to the constitutional rights
and liberties of the. American people.
And what is'the record of Edwin M. Stan,
tor, the chief conspirator against Andrew
Johnson and the Republic? While Senator
Johnson was denouncing secession as a trea-
sonable crime history proves that'Stanton was
a blatant rebel in the streets of Washington.
When the venerable Cass retired from the
hesitating Cabinet of Buchanan Stanton re-
mained, the friend of rebels and rebel sympa-
thizers. At the time that Andrew Johnson
was breasting the storm of secession in the
Senate Chamber Stanton was grasping b'y the
hand the rebel Senators as they abandoned
their seats and left the Senate Chamber for-
ever, and advising th^m to stand firm by the
rebellion they had already inaugurated. He
never took the iron-clad oath o,f office, and
cannot take it without perjury. He dare not
take it to-d?.y. When, feigning conversion to
Radicalism, he crawled into the Cabinet of
President Lincoln, ho signalized himself as the
marplot of the Army. He ruined generals who
incurred his. displeasure. He proved the most
insubordinate and disobedient of officers, the
most treacherous and tyrannical of men.
When the war closed by the surrender of all
the rebel forces to Generals Grant and Sher-
man the people expected, as they had a right
to expect, a, restored Union, with all the dig-
nity, equality, and rights of the States unim-
paired. This had been promised them by the
solemn .declaration of Congress. It was the
wish that every pa'riot.ic heart breathed first.
While fathers and mothers all over the land
were mourning their, lost sons and lamenting
the empty'chairs around their hearth-stones
they coultl not but rejoice that national integ-
rity and constitutional liberty were assured,
that republican institutions were vindicated
against foes from within and without, and that
henceforth the Ameiican flag would symbolize
a State for every star. In the fall of 1865 every
Republican State convention indorsed the pol-
icy of President Lincoln, adopted by Presi-
dent Johnson, and exemplified in the appiont-
ment of provisional governors for the southern
States. " Peace has been conquered; we stand
on the threshold of reunion," was the universal
thought.
But this was not. to be. On the first day of
the first session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress
Thaddeus Stevexs, pursuant to caucus decis-
ion, introduced a resolution in this House
which gave vitality to the startling proposition
that the i-ebellion had tiiuraphed, that the
States were not in the Union, and that Con-
gress had the power to reconstruct and recreate
them in its own likeness. A reconstruction
committee was appointed, and this was the
first step toward the consummation of this pol-
icy of disunion now about' to triumph in com-
plete usurpation.. Under the auspices of re-
construction committees the restoration of the
Union has been prevented ; the vacant chairs
ia Congress, so touchingly alluded to by Sec-
retary Seward, have not been filled; the mil-
lions expended in the war for the Union have
been supplemented by other millions wasted
in perpetuating disunion ; laborers worthy of
their hire are without work and without broad ■
manufactures are crippled, "and every business
;aud commercial interest is suffering, while debt
and taxation increase. Three reconstruction
law.-,, caeii more futile and unconstitutional
than its predecessor, have been passed, and
the fourth is now pending. The sole purpose
of these measures has been, by successive
steps, to arrive at the complete usurpation of
the Government by a faction, so that all i.s
power may be exercised in the interests of the
faction.
The ten southern States having been seized
upon and placed under military despotism,-the
nsurpationists have only two more obstacles in
the way of unlimited power, and these are the
executive and judicial departments of the Gov-
ernment. The plan of removing these obstruc-
tions is already developed. The President is to
be' deposed by a partisan vote, and the Supreme
Court is to be made powerless to declare any
legislation of Congress on political subjects un-
constituional and void. A bill to authorize a
minority of the justices of the Supreme Court
to control its decisions only awaits the crack
of the party's whip to become a law. With
the consummation of this conspiracy (destined,
I trust, to be overthrown) would perish the Re-
public. A government of force would succeed
to one of constitutions and laws. Negro suff-
rage would be declared in every State and en-
forced by bayonets if necessary. Elections, if
they are permitted, would be liable to military
interference. All this and more may be in
the near future. Senator Wade, rebuked and
repudiated by the people of Ohio, is already in
training for the White House. With his ac-
cession would come the change of every
Cabinet officer, except Stanton, the personifi-
cation of force and Seward, the personification
of duplicity and left-handed diplomacy, who
publicly declared Stanton "divine," and more
recently branded Grant as guilty of falsehood.
Within thirty days every officer of the Govern-
ment suspected of the slightest reverence for
the Constitution would give place to a thorough-
paced Radical. The Army and Navy would
be promptly weeded of every officer who, from
any veneration he might have for ancient
usages, would hesitate to act " outside of the
Constitution " and military and naval regula-
tions. Protesting clergymen would be silenced,
as was the Rev. Mr. Benedict, of my dis-
trict, by abduction and imprisonment. Dis-
senting orators would be persuaded to waive
old-fashioned declamation about the Declara-
tion of Independence, the Constitution, and
Washington's Farewell Address by shoulder-
strapped officials armed with Seward's little
bells and backed by a corporal's guard. The
press would bo no longer free, and editors who
dared to denounce the crime against liberty
would be consigned to a bastile and then-
offices seized, as were those of the New York
World and Journal of Commerce during a re-
cent reign of terror, which it is a part of the
plan to renew.
If all these appliances should fail to overawe
the citizens and decide the presidential elec-
tion in favor of the usurpers, does any sane
man suppose that the electoral votes of the
States of New Jersey, Maryland, and Ken-
tucky would be counted, since the majority in
Congress has not hesitated to exclude Sena-
tors and Representatives from these States?
Does any one suppose that the vote of the Em-
pire State, with her one hundred thousand ma-
jority for the Union, would be counted if it
were not more than overbalanced by that of
the States reconstructed and handed over to
despotism and the ignorant blacks, whose bal-
lots are as unerring as the bayonets that direct
them? When these openly-avowed purposes
of the usurpaiionists are accomplished the rev-
olution will be complete, and a nation of white
men will have parted with their birthrights
forever, unless they arc regained as the fathers
of the Republic won their independence.
To tamely submit to the consummation of
this Radical conspiracy would be cowardly.
National pride, tho instincts of the white race,
adherence to the principles of republican gov-
ernment, the interests of capital and labor,
alike demand that this treasonable plot be
checked. The bondholder, the manufacturer,
the artisan, the masses of workingoien all over
our community, are deeply interested in the
pending issue. The remedy lies in an appeal
to these classes, without distinction .to party,
to .unite,in protest, in organization, in action,
against the uaurpationists;
When southern rebelsnin arms were men-
acing Washington, the cry rang through the
land, "Thefts are only two parties now., Union
men and rebels." So, too, to-day, there is no
middle ground between the Unionists and
the usurpationists, so far.as the freemen ofthe
northern States are concerned. Ten- States
have passed under the yoke of despotism, and
the only remaining question is, "Shall the
despotism be made complete?" It is not pos-
sible that military governments can exist south
of the Potomac, and free institutions flourish
north of this river. One destiny awaits the
whole country. We must either struggle into
freedom' or degenerate into serfdom. The
beds that we make Tor the people of the South
are those upou which, we must seek our only-
repose. It is idle to say that the faction which
is indorsed in the seizure and exercise of un-
lawful power will voluntarily surrender it to
the people. The love of absolute authority
increases with its possession, and those who
have perpetrated crimes against .liberty never
sentence themselves to the dungeon and the
scaffold. George Washington, who took the
sword to establish the right of the people to
self-government, and the principle that taxa-
tion-without representation was full justifica-
tion for revolution, heroically surrendered it
when victory was won ; but men like Stanton
and his co-workers, once in full possession of
tho sword, will never return it to the plow-
share. We must now reestablish the Republic
or lapse into monarchy. Not a day nor an
hour is to be lost. Gradually but certainly,
since the close ofthe war, the consohdation-
ists have been centralizing their forces and
perfecting their schemes, and at this very
moment the very existence of a democratic
Government hangs trembling in the scale of
chance.
In the name of larger liberty the American
people are asked to consent to the embrace
of a monster whose hidden mechanism is man-
aged by the unprincipled Stanton, aided and
abetted by the controlling men of the Radical
party. I charge, upon the floor of this House,
that for four years the steady efforts of Mr.
Stanton have been directed to throw the in-
fluence of the War Department, which he has
so corruptly controlled, and to shape the legis-
lation of Congress—the acts of which, down
to the tenurcof-office bill, have been largely
inspired and often written by him—to estab-
lish an armed despotism in this country under
which he shall hold .permanent power. And
1 charge that this plot is reaching its culmina-
tion now in the recent action ot' this body in
impeaching a President of the United Slates
whom every honest man knows has done no
wrong. It' Mr. Stanton and his associates sup-
pose that the people of the'United States can
be betrayed and subjugated to such a tyranny
without an appeal to that God of battles who
protects the right I fear they will find that they
have underrated the intelligence and patriotism
ofthe American people.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. J. LAWRENCE GETZ,
OS1 PENNSYLVANIA, ■'
Ix the House op Representatives,
March 2, 1868,
Oil tho articles ot impeachment -reported from the
committee.
Mr. GETZ. Mr. Speaker, I cannot attempt
in the few minutes to -which the arbitrary rule,
or rather suspension of all rules, confines each
monibcr ddring this de&ate to speak what I
know to be the sentiments of my constituents
