1868,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
385
REV. JOHN 31'MAUON.
Mr. ORTH, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported a joint resolution (H. R. No.
1371 requesting the President to intercede with
her majesty the queen of Great Britain to
secure the speedy release of Rev. John Mc-
Mahon, convicted as a Fenian raider, and now
confined at Kingston, Canada West, accom-
panied by a report in writing.
The report was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Orth] yield to me to offer an amend-
ment to this joint resolution?
Mr. ORTH. Not at present; i will yield
before i get through.
Mr. PAINE. \ ery well; that will answer
my purpose.
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, during the month
of March last the Legislature of the State of
Indiana passed a joint resolution instructing
her Senators and requesting her Representa-
tives to take such measures in the national
Congress as would tend to secure the release
of one of her citizens, Rev. John McMahon,
who was charged as a Fenian raider in Canada,
arrested, tried, and convicted. That resolu-
tion was presented to this House, and upon
the motion of my colleague [Mr. Shanks] the
Committee on Foreign Affairs were instructed
to investigate the causes leading to the arrest
of Father McMahon and to report those facts
to this House.
In pursuance of that resolution the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs during the vacation
of Congress proceeded to take testimony relat-
ing to the subjects The report which I have
had the honor on behalf of the committee to
present this morning, with the pending joint
resolution, is the result of that investigation.
The facta developed are substantially as fol-
lows: Father McMahon is a native of Ireland.
He migrated to this country in the year 1840,
landing at the city of New York. In 1844 he
filed his declaration of intention to become
naturalized under the laws of Congress. He
is a Catholic priest, and located in my own
State, being a resident of and having charge
of a congregation in the town of Anderson, and
continuing his residence there until June, 1866.
In 1862 a brother of Father McMahon, then
residing in Montreal, Canada, died intestate
and without issue, leaving a large amount of
real and personal property descending to his
brothers and sisters. The knowledge of the
death of his brother came to Father McMahon
in 1863 and 1864, and he then decided upon
going to Canada for the purpose of investigat-
ing this queltion of inheritance at the earliest
practical opportunity which should present
itself, which he did in June, 1866.
About that time, as will be recollected by
members of this House, a contemplated Fenian
raid on Canada was in process of organization
throughout the country. In the town in which
Father McMahon resided there was a large and
active Fenian circle, composed partly of mem-
bers of his own church and generally of those
persons who were Irishmen themselves or the
descendants of Irishmen. In that circle a large
company was organized for the purpose of
joining in the invasion of Canada; and the
members thereof, being intimately acquainted
with Father McMahon, and knowing his inten-
tion to proceed to Canada in reference to this
inheritance, they invited him to accompany
them to the city of Buffalo, offering him free
transportation. This to a person in Father
McMahon's circumstances was an object suffi-
cient to induce him to accompany his friends
and neighbors thus far upon his route. The
committee find, further, after diligent inquiry,
that Father McMahon never was a member of
the Fenian circle. That he may have sympa-
thized with the parishioners of his church, that
he may have sympathized with his own coun-
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—-No. 25.
trymen, knowing their wrongs and oppres-
sions, is most natural. He therefore accom-
panied them as far as Buffalo, while they con-
tinued their journey and engaged in the so-called
battle of liidgway, which was fought in June,
1866. Your committee have not been able
to ascertain whether during that battle Father
McMahon was upon the American or the Brit-
ish side of the river. After the battle, how-
ever, he was found upon the battle-field of
Ridgway engaged in laudable and charitable
purposes, acting as a nurse and a priest to
those of his friends who had been injured in
the conflict which they had brought upon them-
selves on that occasion. Here he was arrested
j; by the Canadian authorities and taken to the
li city of Toronto, charged with the crime of
i i treason, tried, convicted, and sentenced to be
hanged. That sentence was afterward com-
muted to imprisonment for life.
These are in brief the facts as found by
your committee, and as embraced in the report
which I have had the honor to submit. We
can well conceive, Mr. Speaker, that {he trial
of Father McMahon was, under the circum-
stances, to say the least, an unfair one. He
was arrested in a foreign country, surrounded
by a hostile and excited people, with no friends
upon whose assistance he could rely for an
impartial trial. He had no opportunity of
compelling the attendance of witnesses in his
behalf; and no witness cognizant of the facts
j, could voluntarily go to that country without
j rendering himself liable to arrest and impris-
j dnrnent on a similar charge. His trial took
; place during a time of great excitement, when
the public mitid was not in a condition to do
justice between the accused and the British
Government. Uuder those circumstances it
was most natural that the courts in Canada
, should have found him guilty and passed upon
! him this heavy and unmerited sentence.
The people of Indiana, speaking through
their Legislature, regard the sentence as a
harsh one, to characterize it by the mildest
phrase. They feel—and I speak but feebly
their voice upon this subje.ct—that a citizen of
their State, guilty of no crime, has been
arrested in a foreign country, condemned for
what was, at the utmost, a mere act of indis-
cretion, and is to-day compelled to be the
associate of felons and criminals, and this, too,
with the prospect of continued imprisonment
during his natural life. They therefore ask
that the intercession of this Government may
be made to secure the release of Father McMa-
hon from further imprisonment. If he has
been guilty of an act of indiscretion he has
already suffered sufficiently at the hands of the
British Government, and if innocent, as I
believe, of any criminal act or criminal intent,
mercy and justice alike demand his immediate
i release.
Mr. Speaker, i cannot conceive of a nobler
spectacle than that which the American Con-
gress to-day presents to the civilized world:
the lawgivers of this great Republic suspend-
ing for a while their ordinary business, step-
ping aside from the all-engrossing topics of
national importance, to inquire into wrongs
alleged to be committed against one of its hum-
blest citizens, and to afford such redress as may
be in its power. So long as this Government
] is thus mindful of the rights of any of its peo-
j pie so long it will have a hold upon their love
! and affection and command the respect of
good men all over the world.
While investigating and presenting this case
to the House I have been strongly impressed
with the belief that had Father McMahon been
a native-born American citizen his fate would
have been very different. But he was born
upon British soil, and the British Government
still claims him as one of her subjects. That
Government totally disregards his naturaliza-
tion under our laws and hfe long-continued resi-
dence and the exercise of numerous acts of
citizenship among us, and treats them as void
and nugatory. That Government adheres to
and enforces its doctrine of perpetual alle-
giance, a doctrine at war with the liberal spirit
of our age, and which our Government, founded
as it is upon enlarged and comprehensive views
ot the rights of man as man, can never tole-
rate. Let me, then, Mr. Speaker, with the
indulgence of the House, examine briefly this
doctrine of allegiance.
We are told by writers on the subject that
it is the tie or ligament which binds the subject
to liis king or the citizen to his Government in
return for the protection which he receives.
; It is the philosophy upon which all Govern-
ments are based, without regard to its particu-
lar form or nature. When men associate
i together to institute government for their
mutual protection and advantage they owe
; fealty, faith, duty to such Government. This
' is called allegiance, and the correlative duty
| of the Government is protection.
So long, therefore, as the citizen or subjcct
resides within a Government and seeks and
receives its protection so long he must render
his allegiance. Without this no Government
could exist. Protection and allegiance, duty
and fealty are mutual reciprocal obligations
from Government to people and from people
to Government.
The duration of this allegiance, or whether
it can be terminated without the consent of
the Government, is another question, and one
upon which a diversity of opinion exists among
the several nations of the earth.
The British Government, as I have already
stated, as well as most of the European nations,
hold to the doctrine of perpetual allegiance,
while we maintain the doctrine of expatriation,
or the right of a person to absolve himself from
his allegiance whenever his interest or his fancy
prompts him to do so. They hold that no per-
son can discharge himself from this natural
and perpetual allegiance without their cousent,
and even contend that this is a principle of
universal law. This we deny, and confidently
appeal to history to sustain our position. The
j doctrine is not recognized by the Divine law,
! for sacred history informs us, among other iu-
: stances, that Jacob and his family left the land
| of their nativity and voluntarily became subjects
j of the kings of Egypt; that Moses, a native
j Egyptian, left the land of his birth and dwelt
among the Midianites ; and that subsequently
'•the children of Israel—a large and numerous (
community under the leadership of Moses—of
their own accord absolved themselves from
their allegiance to Pharaoh, and with the ap-
proval and special guidance of Providence emi-
grated from Egypt and sought homes elsewhere.
The law of nature sanctions no such doc-.
trine, for by nature all men have equal rights
—a man is the equal but not the superior of
his neighbor, and this natural right of equality
is inalienable. I also deny that in any just
sense can it be claimed as a principle of the
law of nations. On this subject the great
authorities on the law «f nations, Puffendorf,
Grotius, Vattel, and Berlamaqui, all concede
the right of a man to migrate from one coun-
try to another at will, subject only to restraint
under special circumstances. Locke, in his
admirable Essay on Government, asserts that
the practice of the world has been for men to
withdraw themselves from the jurisdiction under
which they were born, and to set up govern-
ments elsewhere.
Take a glance at ancient history, and what
are its teachings? The Athenians not only
invited men of science, of wealth, and of gen-
eral usefulness to come and live among them,
but it was also one. of the fundamental princi-
ples of their Government that when any of
their people were dissatisfied with their laws
or customs thev might withdraw and join their
fortunes with t&ose of any other people.
Bv the Roman constitution no citizen could
be forced to leave the Commonwealth except
for crime, nor prevented from leaving it if he
pleased to do so. Cicero, in one of his elo-
quent orations, alluding to this ancient and
well-settled custom, exclaims:
"What noble rights 1 which, by the blessing of
Heaven, have been enjoyed by us and our ancestors
ever since the Roman State began, that none of as
Bhall be forced to loave our country or stay in it
