270
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr, Getz.
40th Cong .... 2d Sess.
upon the gravest measure that has ever been
presented to the consideration of the American
Congress, and that we shall to-day be compelled
to see hurried through the House in a hot haste
which betrays the conscious fear among its
supporters that it cannot bear the calm- and
deliberate investigation which its importance
demands. For the first time in the history of
our Government the impeaching power is in-
voked to depose a President of the United
States for alleged "high crimes and misde-
meanors;" not such as were in the contempla-
tion of the framers of the organic law under
which these proceedings have been instituted,
but offenses purely political; if, indeed, it be an
offense iu the President, obedient to his oath
"to support, protect, and defend the Constitu-
tion," to interpose its salutary cheeks and lim-
itations for preventing the consummation of
the partisan designs of those who, by the bold
admission of their accepted leader in these pro-
ceedings, are " acting outside of the Constitu-
tion."
The articles or charges upon which the House
is asked to impeach the President are tea in
number, covering five closely-printed pages;
and, with due respect to the learned gentlemen
of the committee from whom they have ema-
nated, they appear to me one of the most re-
markable performances of the difficult feat of
playiug a thousand tunes upon a harp of a sin-
gle string that has ever been achieved. If
this extraordinary paper shall not fill a con-
spicuous page in the legal or judicial annals
ot the United States it will, at least, merit
preservation among the curiosities of Ameri-
can literature as a brilliant example of the
facility with which those who are skilled in the
use of words can expand "a single tuft of
thought into a great prairie of language."
Nine of these articles may be resolved into
one—a conspiracy by the President with Ad-
jutant General Thomas to remove Edwin M.
Stanton from the ofiice of Secretary of War,
in violation of the provisions of the so-called
" tenure-of-office" law.
The' tenth article is unsupported by the frag-
ment of testimony which has been laid upon
our desks as the warrant for its introduction.
On the contrary, itproves, if anything, directly
the reverse of what the article charges, namely,
an attempt to induce General Kmory to place
tli0 military forces under his command in the
department of Washington, in obedience to
the direct and exclusive orders of the Presi-
dent. What is the nature of this law which
the President is accused of having violated?
Partisan in conception, partisan iu its birth,
and partisan in its every feature, its manifest
and only object, was to limit and curtail, so far
as an act of Congress could do, the constitu-
tional power of the President to make ap-
pointments to and removals from office, a
power which has been exercised from the days
of the first President down to the present time
without dispute or denial by any competent
authority, and with no restriction save "the
advice and consent of the Senate."
Waiving the question of the constitutionality
of this partisan law—which its advocates dare
not submit to the test of a judicial tribunal,
and which, if we may believe testimony that
has not yet been controverted, Mr. Stanton
himself pronounced unconstitutional a year
aero—in what respect has the President violated
any of its provisions? He must have violated
the first section or none. What is that sec-
tion / It has been repeatedly quoted, and
reads thus:
" Be it enacted lytlie Senafeand House of Representa-
tives oj the United (states of America in Congress astem-
hled, 1 hat every person holding any civil oflice to
wlr.ch ha has been appointed by and with the advice
and consent tK the Senate, and every person who
shall ncreaftcr be appointed to any such office, and
i ! ,ljecom.u "u|y qualified to act therein, is and
sunit be entitledto hold such office until a successor
shall have been in like manner appointed and duly
qualified, except as herein otherwise provided: Pro-
1-hnt the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury,
of \i ar, of the Navy, and of the Interior, the Post-
master General, and the Attorney General shall hold
their offices respectively for and during the term of
the President by whom they may have been ap-
pointed, and for one month thereafter, subject to
removal by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate/'—Statutee-at-Large, Thirty-Ninth Congress,
second session, chap. ChlV.
Here, then, by the proviso, all the Cabinet
officers, the Secretary of War included, are
expressly excepted from the operation of this
law. By what process of special pleading can
it be made to appear that Edwin M. Stanton—
Mr. Lincoln's appointee, not President John-
son's—has, or ever had since the hitter's ac-
cession to the Presidency, any other title to
the office he now holds by the aid of a body-
guard of soldiers save by the permission or
sufferance of his superior? For the first time
in the history of this Government (and let us
hope it may be the last) the disgraceful spec-
tacle is presented of a Cabinet officer, one
whose relations to the President should, and
must be, of necessity, to a great extent per-
sonal and confidential, insolently refusing a
civil request to resign, after it had become ap-
parent that the President could no longer,
with proper regard to his own self-respect and
the dignity of his station, hold official inter-
course with him ; and, contrary to all prece-
dent and in base violation of the recognized
rules of good-breeding and honor, insisting
upon remaining as an intruder in the place lie
can no longer competently fill as an officer,
since ho has forfeited every claim to recogni-
tion as such by the superior whose authority
he has defied. Such conduct has been con-
demned in language more forcible than any
that I could utter, and certainly more authori-
tative, by two leading Uepublican Senators.
I quote their very words, Ironi the Congres-
sional Globe, volume sixty-three, part three,
page 1515, The report of the committee of con-
ference on the tenure-of-ollice bill being under
consideration, Senator Howard said, in refer-
ence to the proviso I have above quoted :
"1 have no doubt that any Cabinet minister who
has a paitiole of self-iospect—and wo can hardly
suppose that any mail would occupy so responsible
an office without having that feeling—would decline
to remain in the Cabinet after the President had sig-
nified to him that his presence was no longer needed."
"J?or 1 presumo that whenever
tho President sees proper to rid himself of an offen-
sive or disagreeable Cabinet minister lie will only
have to signify that desire, and tho minister will re-
tire and a new appointment be made."
Senator Sherman, on tho same occasion,
spoke even more emphatically:
'/I take it that no ease can arise, or is likely to
arise, where a Cabinet minister will attempt to hold
on to his office after his chicf desires his removal. I
can scarcely ooucoivo of such a case. 1 think that no
gentleman, no mail with any senso of honor, would
hold a position as a Cabinet officer after his chief de-
sired his removal, and therefore theslightest intima-
tion on the part of tho President would always secure
the resignation of a Cabinet officer."
With this sweeping condemnation of the con-
duct of Mr. Stanton before us, pronounced in
advance, and therefore dispassionate and im-
partial, by his own political friends. I may
well leave him to the justly provoked odium
and contempt of the American people. But
not only do Piepublican Senators bear testi-
mony against him. The two officers of high-
est rank in the Army—General Grant, the idol
of the Republican party and their fore-deter-
mined candidate for the Presidency, and Lieu-
tenant. General Sherman, his inferior in rank
only—unite their voices in condemning him.
I make this assertion advisedly upon the au-
thority of the following autograph letter now
in the hands of the President:
Washington, Saturday, .January 13.
I neglected this morning to say that I had agreed
to go down to Annapolis to spend Sunday with Ad-
miral Porter. General Grant has also to leave for
Richmond on Monday at six a. m. Ata conversation
withtheGeneral after our interview, wherein! offered
to go with him on Monday morning to Mr. Stanton,
and to say that it was our joint opinion ho should
resign, it was found impossible by reason of his goin<-
to .Richmond and my going to Annapolis. TlioGen-
eral proposed this course. He wiil call upon you
to-morrow and offer to go to Mr. Stanton, to say, for
tho good of the service and of the country, ho ought
to resign. This on Sunday. On Monday I will again
call on you, and, if you think it necessary, X will do
the same—call on Mr. Stanton and tell him to resign.
If he will not, then it will he time to contrivo ulte-
rior measures. In the mean time it so happens that
no necessity exists for precipitating matters.
Yours, truly, W. T. SHERMAN,
Lieutenant General.
Here, Mr. Speaker, we have in effect the
President justified and Mr. Stanton denounced
out of the mouths of the latter's own party
friends. Senator Howard says that no Cabinet
officer who has "a particle of self-respect"
would act as he has done. Senator Sherman,
more particularly, says "No gentleman, no
man with any sense of honor, would hold a po-
sition as a Cabinet officer after his chief desired
his removal." Generals Grant and Sherman
volunteer to say to this shameless intruder,
"For the good of the service and of the coun-
try he ought to resign." And yet, sir, he holds
on ; and Congress is called upon to justify and
maintain this flagrant act of insubordination—
this usurpation by an inferior officer of the
authority he can constitutionally exercise only
at the will of his superior, the Commander-in-
Chief—by the summary removal of the execu-
tive head of the nation ! Can partisan malig-
nity go further? Could a sacred provision of
the Constitution, inserted for the wisest and
best of purposes, be prostituted to baser ends?
The object of this disreputable proceeding is
too transparent to be concealed from the notice
of an intelligent people. It is the last desper-
ate struggle of an unscrupulous party to con-
tinue and perpetuate their controlling power ir 
the Government. They must elect the next
President by fair means or foul. Andrew
Johnson stands as "the lion in their way."
Depose him, and thrust in his place the repu-
diated Senator from Ohio, who will do their
bidding to the very letter, and they regain con-
trol of the executive branch of the Government.
Nominate Grant, the General of the Army,
who already practically outranks his Com-
mander-in-Chief, and they have control of the
Army—an engine whose potent influence the
people have seen and felt in previous elections.
The judicial power is virtually ignored; and
the legislative power they now hold unre-
stricted. By such agencies they " lay the flat-
tering unction to their souls" that they may
hazard the forms of an election for President
with no apprehensions about the result.
That the impeachment of the President is
instigated solely with a partisan intent, and
demanded for partisan purposes, I think I
might prove if permitted to ask the chairman
of the committee that has reported these arti-
cles two questions. I should expect no
answers, but tliey will suggest themselves.
The questions are these:
First. Is it the intention of Congress, after
the political assassination of Andrew Johnson
shall have been accomplished and the Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate has taken his
place, to repeal the tenure-of-office law?
Whether the reply would be yes or no, is
not material. If affirmative, we have but to
fall back upon the Constitution and " the laws
of the United States which shall be made in
pursuance thereofwhich, in my opinion,
agreeing for once with Mr. Stanton," the law ia
question was not.
Second. Should Mr. Wade succeed to the
Presidency by means of this impeaching pro-
cess, and should he, in the exercise of a rea-
sonable desire to make his Cabinet a unit,
request one or all of the present Cabinet
officers who hold over under Mr. Lincoln's
appointment to resign, and should one or all
of them, with Stanlonian insolence, refuse, if
then Mr. Wade should undertake to remove
them, one or all, and designate officers to dis-
charge their duties ad interim until he should
have time to select proper persons to nominate
to the Senate for permanent appointment,
would the majority of this House upon the
instant impeach him of high crimes and mis-
demeanors?
