2794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
We have the Territory of Washington, to t>e
sure ; but when it becomes a State I doubt very
much whether it will be called the State of
Washington, While I have no particular pas-
sion for Indian names, and do not think they
are any better because they are Indian, at the
• same time 1 would name a Territory after some
conspicuous place or event connected with it.
You find that all the States bear the name either
of some river or some mountain or some scene
connected with their history. In no instance
that 1 know of have we named either Terri-
tories or States after any distinguished man,
with the bare exception of Washington Terri-
tory, which, perhaps, was -named after the
> Father of his Country.
Mr. YATES. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state that, as far as I can gather from
persons from the Territory, the name of Chey-
enne is more nopuiar there. That was the tribe,
as I am informed, which originally occupied
the country, and who were driven out by the
Sioux. That seems to be the name which the
people of the Territory would prefer.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to go on
with this bill, and leave the question of the
name until we come to the title of the bill. I
should not like to have it passed upon at this
moment, nor should I like to occupy the time
of the Senate upon it now, because there are
a great many amendments to this bill to be con-
sidered, and I should prefer to have them con-
sidered first.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator will bear
in mind that the name is in the very amend-
ment now under consideration. That is the
reason I called attention to it.
Mr. POMEROY. Jt can be passed by for
the present, so far as the name is concerned.
Mr. YATES. This amendment only relates
to the boundaries and the name, and the ques-
tion of the name can be passed over if gentle-
men wish it-
Mr. SU MNER. If there be an understand-
ing that the question of the name is reserved
to the end, there is no objection to that course.
Mr. YATES. I have no objection to that.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have that
question thoroughly considered, because I have
great doubt whether we should name States or
Territories after any man.
Mr. MORTON. I will go as far as any Sen-
ator to honor the name of Mr. Lincoln ; but
his fame does not require this recognition, and
I think the example would be unfortunate to
. name States after our public men. We have
adopted the system, I believe, and carried it
out, as far as we could, of naming the western
and northwestern States after Indian tribes, or
giving to them the same names that the Indians
gave them, and in that way we have obtained
beautiful names for nearly all the western
States. I do not think a prettier name could
be found than that of Wyoming, and for one
I would prefer giving this Territory that name.
Mr. FERRY. Why give the name of a place
in Pennsylvania to this Territory off among the
Rocky mountains? I think if we are going to
have an Indian name we should take one from
that region.
Mr. MORTON. Very well.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why not take the name of
Shoshonee? The Shoshonees are a most pow-
erful tribe of Indians in the western part of
the Territory.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is there any way of spell-
ing that? [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes.
Mr. MORTON. I think it is important to
get a name easily spelled, easily pronounced,
and beautiful in sound.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Cheyennes never occu-
pied this Territory, I believe ; they were east
and south of it; but the Shoshonees occupied
the western part of it, and there might be some
propriety in calling it Shoshonee, which is
certainly as musical and as soft as Cheyenne.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. BUCKALEW. What is the amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Fixing the
name and boundaries of the Territory.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out the
name for the present. We can act on the
boundaries now, and leave the name blank.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have it
left blank for the present.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suggest that we leave
the name of Wyoming until we agree upon
something better. It is certainly a very beauti-
ful name, and very convenient for use.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Ohio move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the name ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. In order to pass the
amendment without the name, we shall have
to strike out the name of Lincoln in the amend-
ment. I move to amend the amendment by
striking out that name.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The an§endment. as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is the name blank now?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The name
is blank.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I move to insert
"Cheyenne." It seems to be generally agree-
able, and we may as well adopt it.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
allow us to dispose of the other amendment
first.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; I withdraw the
motion for the present.
The next amendment was in section one,
line twenty-four, to strike out "Wyoming"
and insert "Lincoln."
Mr. POMEROY. Let that be passed over
for the present.
ThePRESlDENTproierajxjj'c. That amend-
ment, and all similar amendments relating aim
ply to the name of the Territory, will be passed
over for the present.
The next amendment was in section four,
line eleven, to strike out "one year" and insert
"two years;" so as to make the section lead:
SkC. 4. And be it farther cnucfed. That the legisla-
tive power and authority of said Territory shall be
vested m tlio Governor and Legislative Assembly.
The Legislative Assembly shall consist of a Council
and House of Representatives. The Council shall
consistof nine members, which may be increased to
thirteen, having the qualiiications of voters as here-
inafter presetibed, -whose term ot service shall con-
tinuetwo years. The House of Representatives shall
conaist of thirteen members, which maybeincreaeed
to twenty-seven, possessing the same qualifications
as prescribed for members of the Council, and whose
term of service shal! continue two years.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think this amendment
is a departure from the precedents on this sub-
ject. There may be some reason for it, and
if there is, of course I shall acquiesce in the
amendment. It provides that members of the
Council, as I understand it, shall hold their
office for two years, and that the members of
the House of Representatives shall also hold
their office for two years, making the term for
the members of the Council and members of
the House of Representatives identically the
same. So far as 1 know, in all bills heretofore
passed for the organization of Territories the
members of the Council have held their offices
in some cases four years and the members of
the House for two years, and in other cases the
members.of the Council for two years and the
members of the House fpr one year. But this
amendment provides, contrary to the prece-
dents in such cases, and, I think, contrary to
the constitutions of all the States, that they
shall hold their offices, both the members of
the Council and the members of the House, for
the same length of time. It seems to me that
it is desirable to have a difference in the tenure
of office, so that both Houses may not be elected
at the same election, but at different elections.
I cannot find iu this bill that there is any pro-
vision made as to sessions of the Legislative
Assembly. That seems to be left altogether to
the action of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory, so that they may hold sessions every
year or biennially, as they may see proper. I
should prefer, so far as I am concerned, to
have the bill stand as it was originally framed,
authorizing the members of the Council to hold
for two years and the members of £he House
for one.
Mr. NYE. That is a point upon which the
simple question of convenience was consulted.
I know how difficult and expensive it is to hold
elections every year in these wide-spread Ter-
ritories. This amendment was simply put in
as a matter of convenience and to save expense
to the Territory. My own experience has been
that these elections are very expensive and
very troublesome; and, considering the slight
experience they get the first year, having so
short a session, I think it is hardly worth while
to change them every year. If, however, the
Senator from Oregon raises an objection to it,
he can move an amendment providing that
the Council shall hold for two years and the
House for one. There is no tenacity about that
point.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is the provision of
the bill as it originally stood, and the commit-
tee propose to amend it by in-erting two years.
I should prefer, as far as 1 am concerned, to
have the sessions of the Legislature biennial.
Mr. NYE. There is no objection to letting
the bill stand as it was if there is any opposi-
tion to the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five,
line one, to strike out the word " free" before
the word "male," and in line four, after the
word " act," to strike out thewords '■ and who
did not bear arms against the United States
during the late rebellion :" so as to make, the
section read:
That every male inhabitant of the United States
above the age of twenty-one years, who shall h^\o
been a resident ot the said Territory at the time of
'the passage ol this act, shall be entitled to vote at
the tir-t andallsubSecjuentelectionsintheTerritory,
and shall be eligible to hold any office iu said Ter-
ritory, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five,
line sixteen, after " United States" to strike
out the words "and that they have never borne
arms against the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of section six :
Every bill which shall have passed the Council
and the House of liepresentatives of said Territory
shall, belore it becomes a law, be presented Co the
(iovernor of the Territory. If he approves, he shall
sign it; but if not, he shall return it with his objec-
tions to the House in which it originated, who shall
enter the objections at large upon their Journal and
proceed to reconsider it. if, after such reconsidera-
tion,two thirds of that House shall agreeto pass the
bill, it shall be sent, together with the objections, to
the other House, by whichit shall likewise be recon-
sidered; and if approved by two thirds ot that
House, it shall become a law. Bat in all such e.^es
the votes of both Houses shallbe detcimmed b\ \e.is
andnays.tobecntered on the J onnuil ot each House,
respectively. If any bill shall not be retu.md by
the Governor within three days (Sundav excepted)
after it shall have been presented to him, ihe same
shall be a law in like manner as if he had signed it,
unless the Assembly, by adjournment, prevent, us
return, in which case it shall not be a law.
Mr. NYE. By consent of the chairman of
the committee, 1 move to strike out the wottl
"three" in the amendment, and insert "ihe."
I make the motion for the reason that most of
the bills that come to the Governor from the
j territorial Legislature come within the two or
three last days of the session, and they will
| have to establish here a civil practice act, which
j will take five or six hundred sections, and lutve
the Governor hardly time to give it such c-xam-
| ination as ought to be given to it in order to
! approve or disapprove it. I move, therefore,
on the pait of the committee, to strike out
I "three" and insert "five" days.
j 'ihe amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
' Mr. YATES. I ask to have the Secretary
