1770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
and Pest Roads, reported back with an amend-
ment a joint resolution (II. R. No. 228) rela-
tive to the post office and sub-Treasury of the
city of Boston.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the mayor and postmaster of the
city of Boston, the Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at the city of Boston, the presi-
dent of the Board of Trade of the city of Bos-
Ion, Alpheus Hardy, and Daniel Davies, of
Boston, be appointed a commission to pur-
chase a site for a building to accommodate the
post office, sub-Treasury, and public offices of
the United States in the city of Boston, in ac-
cordance with their report submitted to the
Postmaster General ana the Secretary of the
Treasury and by them approved, namely: the
estates lying on Devonshire street, and be-
tween Water street and Milk street in the city
of Boston, (containing about thirty thousand
square feet,) and that they be authorized to
purchase the same for a sum not exceeding
$500,000, and that the commission procure
plans and estimates for a suitable building
upon said site, to be submitted to the Post-
master General and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ; and should such plans and estimates
meet their approval they are to communicate
the same, with such additional suggestions as
they may think proper, to Congress; and the
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to pay
such sum of money as may be necessary to
carry these provisions into effect from any
money in the Treasury hereafter to be appro-
priated.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read, as follows:
Add at the end of the resolution the following:
Provided, That no money shall be paid out of tlie
Treasury, in pursuance of this resolution, until the
title to the aforesaid estate shall bo properly certi-
fied by tho United Staf.cn district attorney for tho
eastorn district of Massachusetts.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ Mr. Speaker^ in
pursuance of the authority given by act of Con-
gress a commission, composed of very respect-
able gentlemen of tho city of Boston, set them-
selves to work to secure the refusal of a proper
site for this building. They have procured
contracts for property situated very eligibly in
the central portion of the city, and in every
way suitable for the erection of a building.
The Government at present owns no building
in that city fora post office and sub-Treasyry,
but is leasing a building at a very high rent—
a building very unsuitable for the purpose.
These gentlemen have personally come before
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and they report that they have made a
very favorable contract. A gentleman, who is
considerably engaged in dealing in land in that
city, and who has been chiefly instrumental in
procuring these contracts^ assures the commit-
tee that the property of which the United States
has now the refusal could readily Cud purchas-
ers at a much larger sum than that at which it
has been offered to the Government. The re-
fusal which the Government has obtained will
expire on the 18th of this month. It is neces-
sary that before that time tho parties should,
by some action of Congress, be notified that
the Government will take the land ; otherwise
it will lose the right to do so under the contracts.
The committee is of the opinion that the con-
tract is favorable, and under the circumstances
recommend the passage of the resolution. If
no gentleman desires to say anything or to ask
any question, I will demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. SPALDING. I should like to know
how much this is to cost?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is not for the
construction of the building.
Mr. SPALDING. This is the beginning of it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is for the purchase
of a site.
Mr. SPALDING. How much is to be paid
for it?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Five hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. SPALDING. How much on top of
that?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That depends upon
the future action of Congress.
Mr. SPALDING. I suppose four or five
million dollars.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It depends upon
Congress what sort of structure shall be put
up; how extensive and expensive it shall be.
This is for a site for a building for a post office,
sub-Treasury, &c.
Mr. HOPKINS. Does this contemplate the
getting up of a plan ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As I have said, it is
for a site.
Mr. HOPKINS. I wish to state to the House
I understand the plans for the post office build-
ing in New York cost $15,000. I understand,
furthermore, we have a Government architect
employed, with a large corps, at a heavy ex-
pense to the Government. Now, I do not see
any reason why these Government buildings
should be designed by outside parties at enor-
mous expense for plans when wo have archi-
tects whose duty it is to do that very work.
The Government building in New York, I
have no doubt, designed by competent archi-
tects, will cost the Government nearly $100,000
for plans, &c. Now, we ought eithertto abol-
ish our office of architect here, if they are not
competent, or else, if they are competent, give
them this work, and not outsiders. It seems
to me to be a profligate use of the public money
to employ architects outside when wo have
competent architects in the service of the Gov-
ernment who can do this work without its cost-
ing the Treasury one dollar additional.
1 also understand these outside architects
not only receive large sums for plans, &c.,but
they receive besides five per cent, upon the
entire cost of these public buildings.
Mr. LOGAN. Where do they get it?
Mr. HOPKINS. Under the law.
Mr. LOGAN. Who do?
Mr. HOPKINS. I am informed by a man
who is posted upon these matters, that the archi-
tect will reccive upon the building in New York,
if carried on in the way proposed, $85,000.
Mr. VAN W YCIC. The gentleman has stated
the case correctly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is no law
which will give the architects in the case of the
post office building in tho city of New York
five per cent, on the entire cost at all. I am
not responsible for that building. The actpro-
vidingforplansand specificationspassed before
I was a member of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. I do not know, how-
ever, I have anything to complain of on the
subject.
This proposition provides that the Postmaster
General and the Secretary of the Treasury
shall procure plans and specifications. I am
not wedded to that manner of doing it. If
the House is of the opinion it should designate
an architect I have no objection. If the House
is of the opinion we should say nothing about
plans and specifications now I have no objec-
tion. The present object is to secure a title to
this site.
Mr. HOPKINS. I hope the gentleman will
modify his resolution so that the plans and
specifications shall be fiurnished by the archi-
tects now in the employ of the Government.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman can
move to strike out all that part of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Strike it out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
if any gentleman wishes to strike it out.
Mr. HOPKINS. My opposition to this
measure is that it employs architects outside
at extravagant figures when we have them in
our employ who will do the work without ad-
ditional expense to the Government.
Mr. HULBURD. I move to strike out the
following words:
"And that said commission procure plans and es-
timates for a suitable building upon said site, to be
submitted to the Postmaster General and the Secre-
tary of tho Treasury; and should such plans and es-
timates meet their approval they shall communicate
tha same, with such additional suggestions as they
may think proper, to Congress."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. There
should be some provision inserted that the
plans and specifications should be made by our
own architects.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not wish to
yield for any motion of that kind. The object
is to secure a site. Subsequent legislation may
do what is desired. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. YAN WYCK. Will the gentleman give
us a little information as to the necessity of
this proposed appropriation? What post office
have they now ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. A hired one.
Mr. YAN WYCK. How long have they
hired it?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Twenty years.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Now, I suggest, with all
deference to the gentlemen on the Committee
on the Post Office and to the gentlemen from
Massachusetts who feel the necessity of a new
post office, that they defer this a little while
and not crowd this thing too heavy at this
time. If they have hired a post office for
twenty years they can hire it two years longer.
They ask us now to appropriate $500,000 to
buy a site. Pretty soon they will ask $3,500,-
000 to build a post office. I think, while this
House has been liberal in making appropria-
tions to patch up old buildings, putting roofs
on them to preserve them, they should at least
wait a little while before they launch out into
largo expenditures for new buildings. An
appropriation of $500,000 has been made for
a site in New York city, and now we are going
to pay $3,500,000 for this building.
A Member. Are you opposed to the appro-
priation for New York city ?
Mr. YAN WYCK. I am opposed to it,
although it is for the city of New York and
1 represent a part of the State of New York.
I believe it is wrong at this time, and unjust to
the tax-ridden people of the country.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I resume the floor.
I call tho gentleman to order.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Will the gentleman
allow no discussion of this matter? Will the
House allow none ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will give the gen-
tleman a good reason for calling him to order.
He is wandering from the purpose of this bill
and talking about a matter n,ot before the
House. I now yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr." BANKS. In reply to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Van Wyok,]_I desire to
say that the post office in Boston is now in a
very inconvenient place, and especially so for
the female portion of the population. It has
been in this very inconvenient and uncomfort-
able place for ten or fifteen years. There has
been an effort made to obtain a suitable loca-
tion convenient to all classes at a reasona-
ble rate. It has never been possible to do it
till now. One of the very best and most cen-
tral locations has been selected, the property
is now under bonds, and I am assured by gen-
tlemen who are acquainted with real estate that
it is offered at a very reasonable price. The
bonds expire on the 1st of April. If we do
not close the bargain we lose the property, and
I am sure no other equally favorable oppor-
tunity to secure a location for the post office
can be had at present. The people of Boston
have been struggling for ten or fifteen years to
get a suitable location.
Mr. SPALDING. When will the $500,000
be wanted?
Mr. BANKS. Not at present.
Mr. SPALDING. During this session of
Congress ?
A Meiiber. Right off.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to state to
the House that the revenues of the post office
in the city of Boston over and above expenses
amount to $100,000 a year. The Governnientis
paying for a post office building there $30,000
rent, and the postmaster at that city has
assured me that his gas bills last year amounted
to $5,000. All the business had to be done
by gas-light. It is a miserable, rickety build-
