386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
against our wills. This is the immovable foundation
of our liberty, that every man is master of his right,
and may keep it or resign it as he pleases."
In other countries the law on this subject
has varied from time to time, except in such as
have built upon the feudal customs of the dark
ages, when each petty lord owned his vassals,
and when the sovereign claimed ownership
over his subjects as he did over his cattle.
It is upon this bare foundation that the claim
of perpetual allegiance by the common law of
Great Britain rests, and from which it derives
its origin. And this common law asserts that
a man who happens to be bom on a particular
spot under these Governments of feudal origin
must continue to that Government allegiance
and fidelity so long as he lives; whether his
inclination, his desire, his happiness should
induce him to go from one part of the earth to
another, still the Government has its clutches
upon him, and whenever it pleases to do so
can claim him as its subject.
Our early and uniform history, the genius
and spirit of our institutions, on the contrary,
maintain the right of expatriation or emigra-
tion as a natural right inherent to every human
being. We asserted this in the Declaration of
Independence, that all persons have an "in-
alienable right to the pursuit of happiness."
An inalienable right to pursue happiness where ?
To pursue happiness in the down-trodden isl-
and of Ireland? To pursue happiness among
the densely-crowded populations of Europe?
No; but to pursue happiness upon every por-
tion of God's footstool wherever man desires
to go.
Following up that position of the Declaration
of Independence, we provide in our Constitu-
tion that Congress shall have power "to estab-
lish a uniform rule of naturalization." If our
ancestors had believed in the doctrine of per-
petual allegiance would they have inserted this
power in our fundamental law? Clearly not.
In pursuance of this power Congress has
placed upon our national statute-book a law
providing for the naturalization of every for-
eigner who seeks our shores and desires to
participate in the benefits and blessings of our
free institutions. Our forefathers, after the
Revolution, found themselves sole occupants
of almost an entire continent. Their greatest
need was emigrants; and they invited the na-
tions of the Old World to pour their surplus
population into our borders, and we would
incorporate them in the State as a part and
parcel of us, conferring upon each one the
- rights and privileges and proud character of
American citizenship. Such is our history
and such has been our traditional policy.
Upon the naturalized citizen we place the
same duties which devolve on the native born.
We exact from him the payment of taxes to
support the Government. We exact from him
obedience to our ia^s. We exact from him
military service. When the country is threat-
ened with danger, when it is involved in war,
civil or foreign, we place upon the shoulder of
the naturalized citizen as well as upon that of
the native-born the knapsack and the musket,
and say to him, " With life and with blood you
must defend this country to which you have
sworn allegiance." That is what we do as a
Government.
Now, then, what is our correlative duty to
that citizen ? It is to protect him here and
everywhere in the enjoyment of every privilege
which he would have had had he been a native-
torn citizen. If we fail, in discharging this
high duty resting upon us we shall stand before
the world dishonored. This is a national ques-
tion addressing itself to the dignity and to the
honor of our great Republic. Whenever we fail
to protect a citizen, whether native or natural-
ized, we do not deserve that respect which now
follows our flag all over the world. Having
exacted obedience from the naturalized citizen,
having forced him to sustain our Government
with his property and his life, if necessary,
whenever the rights of that naturalized citizen
are involved or are not respected by any of the
Governments of the world, our duty is as plain I
as the noon-day sun—we must protect that citi-
zen, and protect him at every hazard.
Let me not be misunderstood. The pro-
tection of which I am speaking is not to be
construed as a shield or immunity* against
crime. When the American citizen (whether
native or naturalized) is guilty of a crime
against the laws of another jurisdiction let him
be arrested, tried, and, if found guilty, con-
victed. But let him be tried as an American
citizen, and not as a British or Prussian subject.
When a native-born American citizen is
arrested in Great Britain charged with a crime
he has a right to be tried by a mixed jury of
foreigners and British subjects; we demand for
the naturalized American citizen precisely the
same right of trial. It would be most absurd
to arrest a native-born American citizen in
England and hold him responsible for words
spoken in this country, however derogatory of
that Government such words may be, and we
insist, and shall insist, that it is equally absurd
to hold a naturalized American citizen thus
responsible.
We would not for a moment tolerate the
arrest of any of our native-born citizens by a
European Government and forcing him into
their army as an unwilling soldier, and we deny
the right of any such Government thus to act
toward any one of our naturalized citizens.
This is what we mean by protecting our
naturalized citizens—to place them, as to all
the world, upon the identical basis occupied
by a native-born citizen—to give them the full
benefit of our laws and the complete shelter
of our flag.
This great American principle is constantly
violated by the nations of Europe, and to-day
their prisons are filled with naturalized citizens
guilty of no crime, and their armies contain
hundreds of unwilling soldiers—men who by
natural right are as exempt from these wrongs
and outrages as any member on this floor.
Nor are our people deaf to these wrongs. The
public sentiment is thoroughly aroused on this
subject, and it would be unwise in any Ameri-
can legislator to disregard the admonitions
which reach us from all parts of the land.
We must enforce our doctrine upon this
subject. We cannot longer remain silent with-
out incurring national dishonor and the just
contempt of the world.
Let us proclaim our position to the world by
a firm and manly declaration, and should this
fail to arrest the evil of which we justly com-
plain we can then seek by treaty or otherwise
an amicable recognition of rights which are dear
to our people, and which, under no conceivable
circumstances, would they be willing to sur-
render.
We have pledged our faith to the foreigner
who comes to live with us, and that faith must
be kept. Our national honor is involved in the
maintenance of this principle, and that honor
must remain unsullied. The nation which fails
to protect its honor at every hazard and under
all circumstances is unworthy the respect of the
meanest of its citizens.
Should we fail in accomplishing our object
by the means I have indicated—and I will not
suffer myself for a moment to believe that we
will thus fail—we have but one resort left us—
the ultima ratio regi—and if war must come
from the assertion of this great principle let it
come, for no nation can ever be engaged in a
nobler cause than when it is found battling for
the rights of all its citizens.
Mr. CULLOM obtained the floor.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Culi.om] yield to allow me to offeran
amendment?
Mr. CULLOM. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend the joint
resolution by inserting after the name of'' Rev.
John McMahon" the name of "Robert Lynch,
of Wisconsin." Mr. Lynch is a citizen of
Milwaukee ; he has been my fellow-citizen for
at least ten years. As I understand it, he was
captured at the same time, has been convicted
of the same offense, and has been condemned
to the same punishment as the gentleman for
whom my friend from Indiana [Mr. Orth] now
intercedes. In his examination of that case
he must have discovered many facts showing
that what 1 have stated is true. 1 have papers
bearing upon this question which I intended
to present to this House, for it was my purpose
to bring forward an independent proposition
on this subject. 1 was notaware that the com-
mittee would report to-day or I would have
had those papers here.
I ask that the name of Robert Lynch be in-
serted in this joint resolution. Inasmuch as the
resolution proposes simply to request the Presi-
dent to intercede in behalf of Father McMahon
no harm can possibly result from amending the
joint resolution as I propose. I therefore ask
the member of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs who reported this resolution [Mr. Orth]
to accept my amendment.
The SPEAKER. The member of a com-
mittee reporting a bill or joint resolution can-
not accept an amendment.
Mr. PAINE. Then I ask the gentleman to
allow me to move the amendment.
Mr. ORTH. I would be glad to oblige my
friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] but the
case of Father McMahon is a peculiar case—
one that has elicited considerable discussion
throughout the country, especially in my sec-
tion of it. I do not desire to embarrass it by
any other case, but prefer to have each case
stand on its own merits.
Mr. CULLOM. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
resolution reported by my colleague on the
committee [Mr. Orth] will be adopted. The
time has come, sir, when this Government
must assert its rights and the rights of its citi-
zens, and maintain those rights, peaceably, if
possible, by the power of her Army and Navy if
necessary. The personal rights, the liberties,
the lives of many of our fellow-citizens abroad
in other lands upon lawful pursuits are in
jeopardy, and they are calling upon us for
protection. Shall we give it ? American
citizens in British bastiles call upon their
Government for protection, not to be saved
from fair trials or to be protected in the com-
mission of crime, but to be secured in the
rights belonging to them as American citizens,
notwithstanding they may have been born in
a foreign land. Justice and the people call
upon the Government, and that rightly, to see
that every naturalized citizen shall be given
the same rights and protected in the same and
all the rights that are or can be given to
native-born American citizens; they claim
nothing more, they should be protected in
nothing less. There are no gradations among
citizens in this country ; all are entitled to the
same and equal rights so far as protection is
concerned. The feudal doctrine of the dark
ages upon this important subject has seemed
to have breathed into it the breath of life anew,
and we are now hearing that mSnstrous doc-
trine of unalienable allegiance (which, under
the influence of liberty, we had supposed was
obsolete and dead) reasserted and insisted
upon as the correct doctrine of the nineteenth
century.
Sir, this doctrine of perpetual allegiance is
another of the wicked heresies with which the
American people are called upon to battle, and
which they must as surely overthrow. The
doctrine of perpetual allegiance is a fragment
of tyranny—not a fragment; may I not say
that it is a foundation stone ? It- is insisted
upon only by those who are friends of kings
and tyrants and desire to continue and enlarge
the means of oppression.
Sir, it is a part of the sublime mission of
America to battle against wrong, to struggle
for the rights of men, to punish the wrong-
doer, and aid and protect the right. Such has
been the character of our contests at home
and abroad. Victory has perched upon our
banners, and we do not intend to yield one
iota in this struggle until all foreign nations
give to every naturalized American citizen the
same rights that are accorded to native- born
American citizens.
This nation, if those in authority were per-
