1808.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
40th Cons....2d Sess.
Impeachment—3Ir. Cobb.
Ho. of Reps.
Surety not, Mr. Speaker. Then, sir, the
high crimes and misdemeanors for which Mr.
Johnson is to be impeached are confessedly
partisan and political, and not such offenses
as any court of justice could or would take
cognizance of. Much less, then, should that
august tribunal, the Senate, sitting as a high
court of impeachment, entertain them.
I cannot, sir, more forcibly denounce this
unparalleled exhibition of the vindictive frenzy
of unbridled party spirit., whose watchwords are
" rule or ruin," than in the eloquent words of the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa,] spoken on the 19th day of
July last, when the first proposition to impeach
the President was pending. Alas, sir, that
he and others of the majority of this House
have been "turned aside from the conscien-
tious discharge of duty" by the "political
pressure" they then so manfully resisted.
"When the House of Representatives charged the
Committee on the Judiciary with the investigation
of this oa::c, I did not understand that it was'for the
purpose of having it disposed of as a partisan question.
I understood that, so far as the reference of the sub-
ject imposed an obligation upon me as a member of
the committee, it was to investigate fearlessly and
faithfully the subject, not merely as a member of the
Republican party, but as a member of the Law Com-
mittee of thellouse of Representatives. I havepur-
sued the investigation with that view and in that
spirit, and i affirm here to-day that no amount of
political pressure shall turn me aside from a consci-
entious discharge of the duty thus imposed. I will
be controlled by the law and thofacts, and by nothing
else. I have no sympathy with tho course of politi-
cal conduct which has been pursued by the President
of the United States, lie is not entitled to my sym-
pathy orrespeet in this regard; but, sir, he is entitled
to havo the charges made against him determined
according to law, and to havo the caso decidcd as the
facts and the law warrant and demand. Tho lowest
criminal may demand this, and the President is en-
titled to the benefit of this rule.
"The gentleman ft-om Pennsylvania [Mr. Stk-
vess]has said thatthereare secret influences at work
in this matter. Kir, it is very easy for any man to
cast suspicion upon others when it becomcs neces-
sary to do so in order to carry by force of party or-
ganization anything which he may desire to invest
with success. I do not know to what influences tho
gentleman referred, The gentleman says that secret
influences will not only control the action of mem-
bers of this House, but will control the judgment of
members of tho Senate sitting as a high court of im-
peachment under the solemnity of their oaths as
judges. Sir, is every man to be denounced because
ho cannot look upon questions just as some other
men view them ? Is every man to be hounded clown
because he will not surrender tho right of private
judgment and follow men regardless of law and the
directions of conscience? Have we come to that,
sir?"
In view of what the House is now doing,
and what the Senate will bo commanded to do,
under the "political pressure" which has at
length become irrresistible, the people, with
fearful solicitude for their country's future,
may well exclaim : " Have we come to that?"
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. AM AS A COBB,
of wisconsin,
In the House of Representatives,
March 2, 1808,
On the articles of impeachment reported from the
committee.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Chairman, if this debate
be confined to the form of the articles of im-
peachment against the President, which this
House has ordered to be prepared, and of
which the loyal people of the country have de-
clared him worthy, its scope would be narrow,
indeed, and the fifteen minutes to which I am
entitled would be more than sufficient to ena-
ble me to express my views on that Subject.
But as the general subject of impcachmcnt has
been considered in order, I have sought tho
floor to give my views on this grave question,
for it is a grave and important one. A legal
proceeding against any citizen which may de-
prive him of his political rights, should always
be approached by lawyers, courts, and jurors
with a due sense of official responsibility, and
it adds somewhat to that sense of responsibility
when the accused has stood high in the estima-
tion of the community.
While it is the duty of courts and juries to
protect the rights of the meanest and lowest
of mankind when placed upon trial accused of
crime, it is equally their duty to administer
the law without fear, affection, or hope of re-
ward, when the accused chances to be the pos-
sessor of vast influence by reason of official
position, wealth, or talent.
This House has been admonished in tones of
solemn warning against laying its hand upon
the sacred head of the President. While
listening to some of the gentlemen on the
other side of the House one could almost im-
agine himself carried back to the days of the
Stewarts and listening to a bull of excom-
munication against the regicides read by the
Pope's nuncio. But let it be borne in mind
that this impeachment of the President is no
impious uprising of ungrateful subjects, forget-
ful of the favors of a kind sovereign and
restive under the measures of chartered privi-
leges, seeking to lay their impious hands upon
the sacred head ruling by divine right. Oh,
no ; this is a case of the sovereign people
calling to account an unfaithful steward, one
whom, in an unguarded and unfortunate hour,
they had taken from obscurity and generously
placed in a service of great honor and emolu-
ment.
Although most of our legal terms are bor-
rowed from the mother country, yet in their
meaning and application they are often neces-
sarily reversed in consequence of the radically
difl'erent nature and character of our institu-
tions. Under monarchical institutions the peo-
ple and their rights are matters of secondary
considerations. The ruler, the sovereign, and
his privileged class of ollice-holders arc "the
State." Hence to impeach one of these was
considered a high-handed proceeding. It has
been sometimes held in England that im-
peachment would only lie for an indictable
offense—or at least it is so claimed, and I ad-
mit it for the purpose of this illustration.
And certain it is that there many of the rules
governing tiials in criminal courts have been
held to be applicable to trials of impeachment.
But in this country and under the genius of
our free institutions all of this is reversed. It
is a wise maxim of the common law that "every
man shall be deemed to be innocent until his
guilt is proven beyond a reasonable rlonbt;"
and, again, that "it were better for ninetyand
nine guilty men to escape than for one inno-
cent man to suffer;" but I have met with no
such maxim as that every man shall be deemed
entitled to hold a lucrative office until the con-
trary is proven, nor that it were better lor
ninety and nine rogues to remain in office than
for one honest man to lose an office. No, sir;
in this country offices were made for the peo-
ple and by the people. When they make a
grave mistake and elect an unworthy man to
office the mistake is their own, and the misfor-
tune must be borne uutil a lawful opportunity
occurs for remedying it. This opportunity gen-
erally occurs at the recurring periodical elec-
tion," but sometimes the recipient of public
favor is so unworthy and so forgetful of the
people whose servant he is that he recklessly
places the leuiedy into their hands for earlier
use.
By the terms of the Constitution the House
of llepresentatives—you, Mr. Chairman, and
I with our fellow-members—are made the sole
judges of tho time and occasion when the peo-
ple of the United States shall call to the bar
of the high court of impeachment any one of
their public servants, be he President of the
United States or be he justice of the peace for
the District of Columbia, to answer lor high
crimes and misdemeanors in office. To fail
in the discharge of this duty would be as great
a dereliction on our part as to fail in the dis-
charge of any other duty clearly enjoined upon
us by the express terms of the Constitution.
Is he a high officer whom it is sought to im-
peach 1 The people, whose servants we are,
are higher than he. We seek to deprive no
man of his office. We seek to restore'to the
people their office which, in the keeping of
this man, has been sadly abused.
Then, Mr. Chairman, let us enter upon the
discharge of our duty unawed by the solemn
warijing of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks] who has not failed on-any occa-
sion to raise his voice of warning against any
measure for the suppression of the rebellion,
be it organized and intrenched in Richmond
or at the other end of the avenue.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. BukrJ
warns the House and the country that this mat-
ter of impeaching the President is an effort on
the part of this House to place a man in the
presidential chair who was never voted for by
the people. Sir, the impeached President was
not elected to that office by the people of the
United States, and it seemed to me little short
of cruelty on the part of the gentleman to call
special attention to the manner jn which An-
drew Johnson became President. The most
distant allusion to the bloody hand which, send-
ing Abraham Lincoln to a martyr's grave, ele-
vated Andrew Johnson to the presidential chair,
sends a thrill of anguish to every loyal heart;
and if it is now a theme of pleasant reflection
to him who profited most by it, i believe that
the time will come when he would give the
recollection of all his many honors and offices
to have it effaced from his memory forever.
In some one of his numerous public addresses
I believe that the President, ascribing his ele-
vation to office to the workings of the Consti-
tution, claims for his tenure of office some-
thing higher and more sacred than though he
had been elected in the usual way. I think
that I can assure the gentleman from Illinois
that whatever view the people of the United
States may take of the impeachable conduct
of the President, the manner of his elevation
to office was not such as to give him an unusual
hold upon their affections, or to render his re-
moval the cause of an indignant uprising or
revolution; and let it not be forgotten that the
same Constitution, by the working of which
Andrew Johnson became President, has made
it the duty of this House, elected by the people
of the United States, in a certain contingency
to make a President, and again to initiate
proceedings for the unmaking of that Presi-
dent who, unmindful of his high duties, shall
be guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors in
office.
Has Andrew Johnson committed acts in
office which, in view ol the Constitution, ren-
der him worthy of impeachment and removal
from office? In endeavoring to answer this
question in the affirmative, as I think it must
lie answered, I will only speak of those acts of
his which are grouped together in the articles
presented by the committee as the culmination
of that career of usurpation, of crime, and of
misprision of tieason upon which he entered in
May, 1805, and which from that day to this has
saddened the heart of every loyal man and
woman in the country, and made the veterans
of the Army doubt whether after all we did not
surrender to the rebels at Appomattox Court-
House and at Salisbury, and whether it was
not our President, and not J efferson Davis, who,
becoming entangled in crinoline and things,
had surrendered to his captors.
The attempted removal of the Secretary of
War and the attempt to seduce a gallant officer
of the Army from his duty, are, in my opinion,
ample cause for the impeachment of the Pres-
ident. Upon these overt acts the articles of
impeachment are framed, and to 'hese, under
the rules, perhaps this debate should be con-
fined: but tor the purpose of illustration X de-
sire to call the attention of the committee to a
few antecedent facts which in my >"ir,d afford
the only true key to the motive for this ex-
traordinary conduct. In the brief time allowed
