1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3819
direct tax on vinegar, but the phraseology of
this bill imposes this indirect tax. and, as this
gentleman informs me. it will very materially,
and perhaps almost ruinously interfere with
the busir.ess. I do not know anything about
the quality of the vinegar that is thus produced.
I take it that the people who buy and use it
can judge of that. The parties claim to man-
ufacture a good article. How that is, or what
may be the decision of Army officers on the
subject, 1 have no information ; but it is vine-
gar that is very much used, and in the manu-
facture of which it is necessary to use some
distilled liquor in the form, I suppose, men-
tioned by the honorable Senator from Ohio.
It seems to me there will be no difficulty about
preventing frauds. The great fear of frauds
ought not to induce us to tax an indispensable
article of food.
Mr. SHERMAN. There ia one other con-
sideration I wish to mention. If you yield to
this demand that there shall bo no tax on the
spirits actually used in vinegar, you must also
yield to the same demand in regard to medi-
cines indispensably-necessary for human life.
There are a number of medicines, the names
of which I could give, that are admitted to be
excellent, which contain more or less of spir-
its. These spirits are not used in the raw
form, but in various processes by distillation
and redistillation. The very moment you open
the door and allow any commodity that has
spirit in it to escape tax, you must extend the
same exemption to a multitude of articles that
are much more meritorious than manufactured
vinegar. There are a great many preparations
that are necessary and proper medicines, and
if you make this exemption in favor of whisky
used in the manufacture of vinegar, how can
you deny it to them? Here is a manufactured
article that I think is deleterious. Vinegar is
supplied cheaply and in great quantities by a
natural process. This process simply reduces
the price of ordinary vinegar about four or five
dollars a barrel, according to the statement of
this gentleman, while the whole tax levied by
this act on the spirits in the barrel would be
only $1 20. The manufacturer may well afford
to pay the tax on the two gallons of whisky
consumed in manufacturing a barrel of vine-
gar, and he can then undersell the home-made
article. I do not think it will do to open this
door.
Mr. DAVIS. The proposition contained in
the proposed amendment subjects the manu-
facturer of vinegar to two taxes, first to a spe-
cific tax of twenty dollars for the privilege of
making vinegar, and second, it subjects the
manufacturer of vinegar to tax on the amount
of alcohol that he uses in the manufacture of
the vinegar. There are from two and a half
to five gallons of alcohol used to a barrel of
vinegar, and whatever amount of alcohol may
be used is subject to taxation by this proposi-
tion.
I admit that the manufacturer of vinegar by
this process makes his mash precisely as mash
is made to distill whisky. He then transfers
the alcohol in the mash into the aeriform con-
dition ; but the amount of alcohol in each bar-
rel of vinegar, it is provided, shall be ascertained
and be subject to the taxation of fifty cents per
gallon.
In relation to the article that is produced by
this process, I say it is the best vinegar, as
tested in the city of Louisville, that has been
made by any process for the manufacture of
vinegar. It is preferred by those who con-
sume vinegar in all shapes and for any pur-
pose. to any other article of vinegar, and the
effect of its production has been in the city of
Louisville to reduce the price from $12 50 per
barrel to S7 50 per barrel. This manufacture
under the present patent is yet in its infancy;
but in that city the effect has been already to
reduce vinegar at the rate of live dollars a bar-
rel, and to produce a superior article. The
gentleman who is engaged in manufacturing
vinegar in that city is the patentee, and he has
associated with him m«i of capital, and they
have erected an establishment- at a cost of
upward of fifty thousand dollars, which is now
in full operation and making one hundred bar-
rels of vinegar per day. Now, after this citi-
zen has made a useful discovery, and has
reduced it to practice, and has obtained from
the Government letters-patent for the use of
his improvement in the mode of making vine-
gar, and when he has expended $50,000 in
erecting a manufactory to distill it, and when
he comes here with a proposition in which he
agrees that he will pay a specific tax of twenty
dollars for the privilege of making vinegar,
and that every gallon of alcohol which he uses
in the process shall be taxed fifty cents per
gallon, and when all the revenue officers have
devised the means of preventing fraud which
they think will effectually prevent it, the ques-
tion is whether the Senate will insist upon his
losing the benefit of his patent-right and of his
investment of §50,000 for machinery and build-
ings for the purpose of manufacturing this
article, or whether the Senate will consent that
he shall manufacture it on the terms which he
has assented to, and which make it impossible,
with any degree of fidelity and vigilance on the
part of the officers, that there should be any
fraud whatever in the manufacture of the arti-
cle. It seems to me that it would be pecu-
liarly hard to refuse this to a man who has
invented this mode of making vinegar, and who,
with his associates, has adventured so much
money in the preparations necessary for man-
ufacturing it. Now, to deny to him the privi-
lege of manufacturing it by insisting on terms
that would amount to a suppression of the
manufacture, would be acting in an improper
manner, as 1 think.
I am sorry that this proposition encounters
the opposition of the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Finance. -JJere is a great
necessity of absolute and universal use all over
the country, the article of vinegar. Here is a
great improvement in the manufacture of that
article that improves the manufacture of the
article itself, that cheapens it in the course of
twelve months about thirty-three per cent, to
the consumer, in which a large sum has been
adventured for the purpose of continuing and
expandiug the manufacture ; and it seems to
me that it would be harsh and unjust in the
extremest degree now t,o subject this man to
conditions that would preclude him absolutely
from the further continuance of the manufac-
ture of the article. I trust that the amendment
will be adopted. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 understand from the
Senator from Kentucky that this amendment
was prepared at his suggestion in the Depart-
ment, and that it is supposed that it will avoid
any possibility of fraud or evasion. It only,
then, leaves the question whether we are willing
to tax such liquors as are necessary in the
manufacture of vinegar.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator's own reflec-
tion will convince him that the cost of watching
this distillation and avoiding fraud will be more
than all we receive from vinegar. Another
thing, we have provided here a small tax of
twenty or twenty-five dollars as a special tax
for a compounder of liquor. The vinegar-
maker would be a compounder, because he
would have the alcohol already made, con-
densed from the worm, and use that in his
business. There is no trouble in his carrying
on his business. Instead of taking the alcohol
in vapor, as he proposes, he would take his
alcohol in the ordinary state and use it in the
manufacture of vinegar, and he pays a special
tax for that of only twenty-five dollars. Under
the present law as it stands, there is no diffi-
culty in his carrying on his business, provided
he is willing to pay the ordinary tax of sixty
cents a gallon on whisky.
Mr. DAVIS. I will merely remark that
this vapor is not condensed m the process of
manufacturing vinegar, and the gentleman en-
gaged in the manufacture would be perfectly
willing to agree that if any condensing appa-
ratus should be found upon the premises the
whole establishment should be forfeited. He
entered upon this manufacture with the single
purpose of making the best article of vinegar
without any fraudulent intent whatever. He
and his associates present themselves here,
consenting to such guards as the officers of the
Treasury upon full consultation have agreed
to as sufficient for that purpose, and if they
are not sufficient they are willing to submit to
any other guards that the officers of the Treas-
ury or the Committee on Finance may choose
to impose upon them. They do not condense
nor propose to condense the alcoholic vapor.
They use it before it is condensed, and at any
stage of the process to final conversion of it
into vinegar, or any intermediate process, ifr
is utterly impossible to extract alcohol from
it. All the chemists, in the presence of th®
Commissioner this morning, at the Department
so stated; and they drew up this proposition
themselves, as calculated to protect the Treas-
ury and the Government against all fraud ; and
if it is not sufficient, they may devise any other
means that they please for the purpose of ren-
dering fraud impossible, and especially they
may make the presence of any machinery for
condensing upon the premises evidence of
fraudulent intent, and forfeit the whole estab-
lishment in consideration of the presence of
any such machinery for condensing.
It is certainly, 1 think, a very hard case to
this patentee, after having made this discovery
of the most useful and the speediest and the
cheapest way of manufacturing vinegar, and
manufacturing it, as he does, at a cost of thirty-
three and a third less than it has heretofore
been manufactured. He has paid for his pat-
ent-right; he has the pledged faith of the Gov-
ernment that he shall be allowed to use that
patent-right. He then goes on to invest $50,000
m the construction of a building and the neces-
sary manufacturing apparatus to continue the
production of this article, and it would be, in
my opinion, a want of faith on the part of the
Government to deny him the right of continu-
ing the manufacture when the Treasury officers
themselves report that he can continue it with-
out the possibility of fraud. I hope that the
Senate will adopt the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 25 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Buekalew, Davis, Bowler. Hend-
ricks. Johnson, McCreery, Van Winkle, and Vt ade—8.
NAYS-—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Cra-
gin, I)rake, Edmunds, Eerry, Fessenden, Harlan#
llenderson, Howard, Howe, McDonald, Mors;an 
Morrill ol Vermont, Morton, Osbom, Kamsey, Sher-
man, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, V/illuims, Wilson,
and Yates—25.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cole, Conk-
ling, Conne&s, Corbett, Dixon,Dcohttlc, Frelinghuy-
sen. Grimes, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Nye, Patter-
son of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee,
Pomeroy, Kice, Koss, Saulsbury, Sprague, Thayer,
Tipton, Viekers, Welch, and Willey—J5.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FOWLER. I move to amend the bill
by striking out in line eight of section three
the words "the distiller," and inserting "the
United States."
The PRESIDENT jjro tempore.. That
amendment is not now in order, it will be in
order when the bill is reported to the Senate.
The third section referred to has been inserted
as an amendment, and is not now amendable.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. FOWLER. Now I ruove to amend the
third section by striking out in line eight the
words "the distiller" and inserting ''the
United States;" so as to read, "and the same
shall be furnished and attached to the distill-
ery at the expense of the United States.''
1 suppose the object is to collect the largest
amount of revenue we can, and in this view
we are to encourage this interest of the country.
It is to be considered for the purposes of this
bill as one of the interests of the country in
the same light as other interests are considered.
It is to be viewed in the same light as the manu-
facture of iron, or the manufacture of cotton
or woolen goods, or any other pursuit. There
are a large number of distilleries that this pro-
vision would impose a burden of from twenty-
