1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2795
correct the word " approves" in the fifteenth
line. It should be "approve."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section nine,
line eighteen, after the word "justices" to
insert the words "of the peace."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
amendment will be considered as agreed to
unless objection is made.
The next amendment was in section eleven,
line thirty-three, to strike out "three" and
insert " four;" so that the clause will read :
The members of the Legislative Assembly shall be
entitled to receive four dollars caeh per day.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments of the Committee on Territories are now
gone through with, with the exception of those
as to the question of the name.
Mr. YATES. I now move to insert, where-
ever the name of " Wyoming" or "Lincoln"
occurs, the name of " Cheyenne." I make
this motion because I have been informed
repeatedly, and know the fact, that the people
of the Territory prefer that name as applicable
to the Territory. They call their principal city
by that name. I am informed by Mr. Chaffee,
the Senator-elect from Colorado, that he is
familiar with the facts of the case, knows the
people there, and knows that they would pre-
fer that name to any other, unless it may be
that of " Lincoln."
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say one word on
this subject, because I traveled through this
Territory once, and therefore feel an interest
in it. The name of Cheyenne is now all over
011 the geography of that country. There is
Cheyenne Pass; there is Cheyenne City, the
piincipal town; there is Cheyenne river, with
five or six branches; the Big Fork of the
Cheyenne, the Little Cheyenne, and the Chey-
enne mountain ; and it is the name of the tribe
that occupied the whole of that country.
Mr. POMEROY. How do you spell it?
Mr. SHERMAN. C-h-e-y-e-n-n-e. I think
that would be a very appropriate name.
Mr. CONNESS. Let the amendment be
reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to fill the
blank in the fifteenth line of the first section
by inserting the word " Cheyenne."
Mr. MORTON. It occurs to me that this
word is not a very handsome one. There are
some words in the language which are never
dignified and cannot be made so ; some sounds
that in one language are dignified and are not
so in another. You cannot make a very hand-
some word of Chien.
Mr. SHERMAN. Cheyenne, [pronouncing
it as if spelled shay-en.']
Mr. MORlON. I understand the Senator
from Minnesota says it is Cheyenne, [Shy-en.]
Mr. RAMSEY. That is the common pro-
nunciation. ["Shy-en."] We have the Chey-
enne river in Minnesota, a branch of the Red
river of the North, and Cheyenne on the Mis-
souri, again, coming in from the west side. It
is a common name.
Mr. MORTON. The name would bo pro-
nounced as if spelled "Shy-en."
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state another fact
to show its derivation. I supposed it was
derived from the word " snake," but I find it
lias a more appropriate derivation. It is de-
rived from the Chien or prairie dog, which
abounds all over that vast country. The word
" Chien" is "dog" in the Indian language.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we had better
n/r-tail that name. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. It is derived from the
word " Chien," or prairie dog, or squirrel.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I do not
think you can derive an argument against this
name from its derivation. There is not any
reason why its derivation should not be what
the Senator has stated it to be, and yet be
entitled to respect.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I think there is a great
object and purpose, and great propriety in
preserving the nomenclature for our western
States derived from Indian history. This term
" Cheyenne " is the name oPone of the most
extensive Indian tribes of the West.
Mr. FERRY. A French name. -
Mr. CONNESS. It is French. I confess
that while I am a great lover of the memory
and fame of our late martyr President, I do
not wish that any other Territory or State shall
be organized in the country bearing any man's
name. We have one; it was deemed proper
to name a Territory after Washington. I have
no comment to make upon that; but yet if I
had my choice itwouldbe changed, because wo
are not wanting in the means of perpetuating
the memoiies and greatness of the patriotic
men to whom we are indebted fiom time to
time for the institutions under which we live
and their perpetuation, other than the mere
perpetuation of their names as applied to towns,
cities, or States.
1 hope that we shall not name this Territory
afterany man. It is proposed to call it Wyo-
ming Territory. Wyoming is a good name.
There is a euphony about it that is pleasant;
but it is derived from the State of Pennsylva-
nia.
Mr. CAMERON. Good for that.
Mr. CONNESS. My friend from Pennsyl-
vania says "good for that." I do not know
whether he means "good for Pennsylvania"
or "good for Wyoming."
Mr. CAMERON. Good for Wyoming.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not regard that as an
objection to it, but there is a question of pro-
priety about going to the East to find a name
for one of the new Commonwealths of the
West. I confess thatl think, out of the mul-
titude of Indian names properly belonging to
the West, we can find one that will be accept-
able ; and I have no objection to the one pro-
posed by the honorable Senator who has charge
of this bill, Cheyenne. As to the derivation
of this word, let me make a suggestion. There
is a county in the State that I am here repre-
senting in part, which is known as Mono county.
Mono is the Spanish, 1 believe, for monkey, but
it was not deemed an inappropriate name tor a
county in that State, where the names of our
counties perhaps compare most favorably with
those of any other State in the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think my friend from
California misunderstood me. He seems to
think that I cast reproach on the name pro-
posed because it was derived from the house-
hold animal of the Indians.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 thought so.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all; on the con-
trary most of our beautiful names are derived
from the Indian names for animals, and some-
times very offensive animals. For instance,
Chicago has a special name of that kind, and
so the State of Mississippi. 1 was merely giving
the origin of the name as furnished by the
librarian.
Mr. CONNESS. I am very glad to be cor-
rected by the Senator.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
should like to ask the Senator from California
a question. I ask if this is a native Indian
name, or a name applied to the tribe by the
French ?
Mr. CONNESS. In either case if they are
known to us by that name I suppose the pui-
pose is answered. I presume it is a name
applied by the French to them.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Can the Senator give the Indian name of the
tribe, the name which they bore antecedent to
the time when the French applied this name
to them?
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know it. If I
were a member of the Committee on I erri-
tories I should certainly have hunted this case
up and found the proper Indian name.
Mr. YATES." Mr. President, on the first
use of Indian names they are generally not
agreeable or acceptable. On the Illinois Cen-
tral railroad the stations and villages were
named after the Indian names, and they were
not acceptable at first and did not appear to be
euphonious, but when the people became ac-
customed to them they rather liked them—such
names as Pana, Wapello, Tolona, Tuscola,
Tallulah, Wenona. These are names derived
from Indian tribes formerly in Illinois. So the
name of Cheyenne, when you become accus-
tomed to it, will not be a homely name by any
means. It is not so considered by the persons
who reside in this Territory, and 1 am informed
that they rather take pride in the name. So
far as the derivation of names is concerned,
the name of the city of Chicago—and I believe
that is considered rather a handsome name
now—is derived from an animal so odious as
not to bo named in the Senate Chamber, or
scaicely anywhere else.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, the question is
often asked "What's in a name?" with the
intention of giving the impression that there
is not much weight to be placed in a name;
but in this case, it seems to me, we might make
very much of a mistake in calling this Terri-
tory Cheyenne. The very fact that different
pronunciations are given to the word to my
mind is a sufficient objection to its being ac-
cepted as the name of a State or Territory.
We all ought to know what it i3 called, from
the spelling of it, when the name is selected.
1 am not myself prepared to suggest a name
at this time; but there is a large river rising
in this Territory, or which passes through it,
the Platte river. We have the Mississippi
river, and a State named the same; we have
the Missouri river and the State of Missouri;
and perhaps it might be as well to call this tho
Territory of Platte, after the Platte river. It
means, 1 believe, a broad river. I think nearly
all these names come from the French. If wo
aie to take an Indian name, I should prefer
Pawnee, so as to name it after some tribe of
Indians the name of which we could pio-
nounce, and where there would be no mistake
as to the pronunciation. Thereisanothernanic
belonging to the whole tribe of which the Chey-
ennes are but a branch. I refer to the Sioux,
as they are commonly called. That also is
a name of French origin. 1 do not remember
exactly how it originated; but even that, I
think, would be a preferable name to tho one
that is being discussed at present—Cheyenne.
I am, for my part, very much opposed to
accepting as the name of a Territory or State
so uneuphonious a word as Cheyenne.
Mr. CORBETT. I notice that the Snake
river has its rise in this Territory, and that it
is called the Snake or Shoshonee. It seems
to mo that Shoshonee is a prettier name and
more easily pronounced than Cheyenne or Cay-
enne, as some pronounce it, and as there is a
large river by the name of the Snake or the
Shoshonee, and it is identified with the history
of one of our powerful tribes of Indians in that
country, I thin kit would not be an inappropriate
name for this Territory, aud I therefore suggest
the name of Shoshonee.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, it seems to me
that this Territory should be named, and I think
if we stop here to learn the derivation of every
name proposed it will become a State before it
finds a name as a Territory. The original name
by which it was proposed to call this Terri,ory
was Wyoming. If there is any name in tho
Indian catalogue of names that is famous in
song and story and legend, if there is any In-
dian name that has become a common house-
hold word, it is the name Wyoming. I think
there seems to be so strong an attachment to
Indian names that we had better take the most
euphonious one, and onewitli which the ear is
most familiar. I therefore hope that this dis-
cussion may be stopped by adopting the name
that was originally intended to be given to this
Territory, Wyoming. It will have two good
effects ; it will make the history of Pennsylva-
nia (if she claims the paternity of the name)
familiar on the plains, and if the name is
desirable it is one with which wc are entirely
familiar; and in the next place it will make all
the Senators read Campbell again, and it will
