1772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
Mr. SCHENCK. It was not reported then
in the manner in which it lias just been re-
ported.
The SPEAKER. It wag reported then
exactly as it is reported now, although the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] may not
have heard it.
Mr. BANKS. I am willing that the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sohencic] shall be modified so as to take the
form which he originally intended. The clause
will then read, " norshall any mileage or other
expenses or any additional compensation be
paid to such persons as may be designated
under the authority of this resolution."
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the amendment will be adopted as modified at
the suggestion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
There was no objection, and the amendment
as modified was agreed to.
'The second amendment proposed by Mr.
Schenck, was read as follows:
Insert at the end of the resolution the following :
Nor shall any national or public vessel bo em-
employed to convey tho officors so detailed to or
from the place of such exhibition.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was ordered to a
third reading, and read the third time.
Mr. PAINE. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ISRAEL S. DIEHL.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution (S. It. No. 92) for the
relief of Israel S. Diehl; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. GARFIELD. That bill had better be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. SCHENCK. This is a bill relating to
the remission of some duties upon Angora or
Cashmere goats that were imported. When
they arrived a large proportion of them, some
twenty-five out of eighty, were dead. The
importer, upon a strict application of the law,
was compelled to pay, not only for the live
goats, which were imported in order to intro-
duce this kind of animal into the United
States, but also for the dead ones. The sub-
ject was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and, by the unanimous instruction
of that committee, I reported a bill precisely
similar to this for the relief of-Mr. Diehl. The
Senate has in the meantime passed this bill,
and, as the subject has already been acted upon
by the Committee of Ways and Means, I hope
the House will agree to pass this bill now.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to remit the duty charged on tho im-
portation of a number of Cashmere or Angora
goats, imported for the introduction of the
breed into a portion o'f the United States by
Israel S. Diehl, and that he cause to be
returned to Diehl the sum of $185 in gold,
deposited by him with the deputy collector
of the port of New York, on the 29th day of
November, 1807, on account of the payment
of said duty.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider tho vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
.TAMES CUUCHETT.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 101) referring
the petition and papers in the case of James
Cruchett to the Court of Claims; which was
read a first and second time, and on motion of
Mr. Washburn, of Massachusetts, referred to
the Committee of Claims.
trevett abbott.
The nest business upon the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 58) entitled "An act pro-
viding for the restoration of Lieutenant Com-
mander Trevett Abbott, of the United States
Navy, to the active list of the Navy;" which
was read a first and second time, and on motion
of Mr. Pike referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
WILLIAM II. MURPHY.
The next business npon the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 253) entitled "An act for the
relief of William H. Murphy, of Farmington,
Missouri;" which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. McCORMICK. I hope that this bill will
be put on its passage now.
Several Members. Oh! no.
Mr. McCORMICK. Very well; I will not
insist on its consideration at this time.^
The bill was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
REDUCTION IN THE MILITARY FO^CE.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 311, to provide for a
gradual reduction in the military force and to
discontinue certain unnecessary grades therein,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. GARFIELD moved that it be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Subsequently Mr. GARFIELD entered a
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
SETTLEMENT OF PUBLIC ACCOUNTS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 350, to amend an act en-
titled "An act to provide for the prompt settle-
ment of public accounts," approved March 3,
1817 ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. LOAN. I move that bill be put on its
passage.
The bill was read. It provides that the act
of March 3, 1817, entitled " An act to provide
for the prompt settlement of public accounts,"
shall not be construed to authorize the heads
of Departments to change or modify the bal-
ances that may be certified to them by the
Commissioner of Customs or the Comptrollers
of the Treasury, but that such balances, when
stated by the Auditor and properly certified by
the Comptroller, as provided by that act, shall
be taken and considered as final and conclu-
sive upon the executive branch of the Govern-
ment, and be subject to revision only by Con-
gress or the proper courts ; provided that the
head of the proper Department, before signing
a warrant for any balance certified to him by
a comptroller, may submit to such Comptrol-
ler any facts in his judgment affecting the cor-
rectness of such balance, but the decision of
the Comptroller thereon shall be final and con-
clusive as hereinbefore provided.
Mr. BLAINE. That ought to be referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. LOAN. Mr. Speaker, this seems to
me to be a very plain matter. There is great
public necessity it should be disposed of at
once. Controversy has arisen between vari-
ous Departments as to who controls this Mat-
ter—as to the construction of this law. This
bill proposes to give legislative construction
to the law. It seems to me there is no neces-
sity for referring it to any committee, and un-
til it is passed there is no way to settle the
difference between these Departments. A
largo number of claims are clogged up and
cannot be disposed of until it is settled. I be-
lieve the parties in the various Departments
are waiting for this decision. _ It has passed
the Senate without a dissenting voice after
full investigation, and no good public purpose
can be subserved by delaying it at the present
time. I yield to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. MUNGEN. 1 do not mean to take up
the time of the House unneeeissarily. There
is one thing suggested by the gentleman from
Missouri which is true, that there is a great
public necessity for the passage of this bill.
I will send up to the Clerk's desk to be read an
extract from the law referred to in this bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
An act to provide for the prompt, settlement of pub-
lic accounts, approved March 3,1817.
"Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That from and
after the third day of March next, in addition to the
officers in tho Treasury Department, already estab-
lished by law, there shall bo the following officers,
namely, four auditors and one comptroller.
"Sec. 4. 'And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of the First Auditor to receive all accounts
accruing in tho Treasury Department, and, after ex-
amination, to certify the balance and transmit the
accounts, with tho vouchers and certificate to the
First Comptroll er for his decision thereon; that it shall
bo the duty of the Second Auditor to receive all ac-
counts relative to the pay and clothing of the Army,
the subsistence of officers, bounties, and premiums,
military and hospital stores, and the contingent ex-
penses of tho War Department; that it shall be the
duty of th o Third Auditor to receive all accounts rela-
tive to the subsistence of tho Army, tho quarter-
master's department, and generally all accounts of
the War Department other than those provided for;
and it shall bo the dlity of the Fourth Auditor to re-
ceive all accounts aecruingin theNavy Department,
or relative thereto; and tho Second, Third, and Fourth
Auditors aforesaid shall examine the accounts re-
spectively, and certify tho balance and transmit the
accounts, with the vouchers and certificate to the
Second Comptroller for his decision thereon; audit
shall be the duty of tho Fifth Auditor to receive all
accounts accruing in or relative to the Department
of State, the General Post Office and those arising
out of Indian Affairs, and examine the same, and
thereafter certify tho balance and transmit the ac-
counts with tho vouchers and certificate to the First
Comptroller for his decision thereon."
Mr. MUNGEN. I wish simply to say to
the House that the fourth section of the act of
March 3, 1817, provides fully as to the duties
of the different Auditors of the Treasury. The-
aet alluded to took the power from certain
other officers theretofore provided for and put
it all in the Treasury Department. It provided
for four additional officers and a Comptroller,
and it was made the duty of those Auditors to
certify as to the examination of the accounts
submitted to them. They were then submitted
to the Comptrollerfor his certificate, which was
final and conclusive. But for some reason the
different heads of the Department undertook
to go behind their certificates. Some of the
claims have been standing for. thirty odd years,
locked up by this misunderstanding between
the heads of the Department, arising from a
misinterpretation of the act of 1817. Senate
bill No. 350 simply provides that when a claim
has gone through the hands of the different
Auditors and is certified by the Comptroller,
the certificate shall be final unless some rea-
it shall be suggested to the Comp-
troller. The Senate bill provides, if there is
anything reasonable suggested, that the Comp-
troller may take that into consideration in
making the final decision, but when he has
taken that into consideration and has given
his certificate, his decision shall be conclusive
and there shall be an end of the presentation
of the claim against the Government.
I have only to add that within my own per-
sonal knowledge there are claims—and when
you talk about loyalty, I will say claims of as
loyal men as ever lived—for property taken by
the Government, and certified to by officers as
taken by the authority of law, and yet the par-
ties have been here spending sometimes more
than their claims are worth in trying to get
them adjusted. And why have they been de-
layed? Because, under the law of 1817, the
heads of the Department have filed away the
papers in pigeon holes, and when you want to
get a copy of them you have got to do it by a
resolution of the House or of the Senate. Now,
this bill will simplify the whole matter. We
have got to trust somebody, and this act is
sufficiently guarded. I hope gentlemen will
look at the matter fairly and pass this bill with-
out delay in justice to men who are entitled to
their rights at the hands of the Government. I
yield to my colleague, [Mr. Lawiiekce,] of
"Ohio.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I do not desire
to discuss this bill, because I do not understand
