2796
n*]
HE' €0I\TORESSIONAL'GLOBE.
Ju&e 3*,
revive the legends of the valley of Wyoming.
I hope, sir, that we can agree upon that name,
as it is very important that the bill should be
christened now. - Let us call it Wyoming. I
confess I do not like that word Cheyenne, or,
as the Senator from Oregon says some would
call it, Cayenne, which is very offensive to me.
[Laughter.] I do not like it; it makes the
world sneeze. [Laughter.] I propose, there-
fore, that we call i't Wyoming. Then all men
will know where they are when they get into
it. It is so important that this Territory should
be now not only bom but christened" at once
that I hope we may adopt that name. I should
have liked to have it called Lincoln ; I should
like to perpetuate that name not only by mon-
uments but in States, in counties, and" in towns,
but  '
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will my honorable
friend allow me to suggest a name to him with
which, I presume, he will be much more iden-
tified ? As there is doubt now what this Terri-
tory should be called, I suggest to my friend
that peihaps he should name it '•Ad Interim."
[Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. That, Mr. President, would
bring "the eyes of Delaware" upon us at
once, [laughter ;] the terrible scrutiny of that
majestic State, the size of which would not
make a count}' in Wyoming. I prefer not to
adopt the name. The State would "stand
firm" under the eye of Delaware, but I do not
like that scrutiny. My friend will excuse me,
therefore, for not adopting the favorite name
of Delaware, "Ad Interim." It is obnoxious
to me. I have said, sir, all I desire to say. I
hope we mav agree on this name.
Mr. POMEROY. If we are to adopt the
name of either of the tribes of Indians in this
Territory—for there are two there, the Arapa-
lioes and Cheyennes—I prefer the name Ara-
paho.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. Mr. President, the term
" Cheyenne " is not an Indian name at all.
Mr. SHERMAN". I have got Schoolcraft
here, and tlayden.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. " Chien" is simply the
French name for a female dog. [Laughter.]
That is the truth about it, whether Schoolcraft
says it or not; but Arapaho is an Indian name.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What does that mean?
Mr. DOOLITTLB. I do not know the
meaning of it. It is the name of a tribe of
Indians.
But, Mr. President, there are three consid-
erable sized rivers rising in this Territory.
There is the Platte river, and with all propriety
the Territory might be named from the river
itself. There is the Yellow Stone, which rises
there. There is, also, the Big Horn river rising
there and the Sweet Water. Then there is a
range of mountains there. But the Platte,
which is a river running through nearly the
whole lengthof this Territory, alongthe mount-
ain passes, would be a very proper name. If,
however, we give it an Indian name 1 prefer
Arapaho to Cheyenne, because Cheyenne is
simply a variation of chien, the French name
for female dog.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply want to correct
a misapprehension into which the Senator has
fallen. For the purpose of getting the deriva-
tion of the name I sent to our Librarian, Mr. (
Spofford, a very competent person to find out j
any matter ol this kind or any other to be found
in books, and here is his note. I asked him
for the derivation of the word "Cheyenne,"
and he says:
The highest authority, Schoolcraft, (corroborated
by Hayik'n.) on the Philology of the Indian Tribes,
f-.iys: " This nation lias received a variety of names
from travelers and tho neighboring tribes, as Shy-
emits, 8hiennep, Cheyennes, Chayennes, Shores.
Shoishas, and by the diffeient bands of
llio Dakotas, Shni-en-na or Shaiela, tllo meaning of
which is not known." A. it. SPOl'FORD.
ft has sometimes been derived from the French
c/uVji, adog, but mi no authority thatlean discover.
I here desire to say, also, that the word
" Cheyenne" is found more frequently in de-
scribing the mountains and rivers of this Ter-
ritory than any other name. The name of
Piatte and Sweet Water arc found there; but
there is ariver Cheyenne.with many tributaries;
there is a mountain Cheyenne, there is a pass
Cheyenne, there is a town Cheyenne, and,. I
think, the true spelling, according to Mr.
Spofford, is the first name he gives, Shyennes.
_ Mr. SUMNER. That is the spelling of the
river on.the map.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the spelling by
Schoolcraft. That is all I desire to say.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, 1 do not
think there was any occasion for the amend-
ment proposed by the committee. The name
contained in the bill in the first place was very
beautiful, familiar to everybody in this country ;
and I accept the proposition of the1 Senator
from Nevada, [Mr. Nye ;] we had better stand
by that name. The fact that it comes from
Pennsylvania is no objection. I am willing,
if there be any honor in it, that that grand
Commonwealth shall have whatever credit there
may be connected with the giving of a name to
a great western State. It is altogether the most
beautiful name that is proposed. It is con-
nected with an interesting incident in our
history, made memorable by the poem to which
the Senator from Nevada has relerred. I think
we had better just adopt that and have all
dignified names and nothing else.
Mr. CONKLING. I agree entirely with
what has been said by the Senator from Nevada
and the Senator from Indiana, and I rise for
the purpose of making one additional sugges-
tion. Nothing is more important about a name
than its convenience ; its convenience in respect
to pronunciation and in respect to spelling.
There are all sorts of spelling of Cheyenne or
Cayenne or Chien or whatever it may be, and
I doubt very much whether before this bill was
called up this morning a majority of the Senate
could have spelled in the most accepted mode
that word. Nobody can doubt how to spell
Wyoming. It is clear on its face according to
the rules of spelling, with which we are all
familiar. Nobody doubts how it .is to be pro-
nounced; nobody, as the Senator from Nevada
so well illustrated in what he said, can find
difficulty in its public pronunciation. It-is not
only euphonious, but a word adapted to the use
we are able to make, in speaking the English
language, of our vocal powers.
It is convenient and it is right, it seems to
me, in all respects. But I rose more particu-
larly to make this suggestion: I have taken
pains to inquire into the derivation of this
word, too, and it comes from an Indian word
which means "large plains" or "wide plains;"
and if derivation is to be invoked, 1 submit
that nothing could be more appropriate. This
is a very wide plain; a plain so wide, an area
so great, that it has been unknown in the legis-
lation of the world for purposes like this, as
far as we know, until in very modern times.
Now, I think that adds a little to the propriety
of the name, and I hope that we shall end by
adopting the name which occurred to those
who originally drew this bill as the proper thing
both in respect to propriety and convenience.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, as the State
I have the honor in part to represent isa neigh-
bor to this new Territory, I may be pardoned
for saying a word. I have understood from
the people of that region that Wyoming was
the name to which they were attached, and
recently in conversation with a prominent citi-
zen and an editor in the new Territory I was
under the impression from him that they desired
no other name than the name of Wyoming. I
hope, therefore, that that name will obtain.
Mr. YATES. I withdraw my amendment
for the sake of stopping the debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say that I am
very much obliged to the Senators who have so
ably and properly defended the name origin-
ally proposed for this new Territory. I say
so as a representative from Pennsylvania. I
think there can be no more appropriate name
than that first proposed. The valley of Wyoming
in Pennsylvania is one of the most beautiful in
the State; it is renowned in our history and in
the history of the Indian wars. The metrof
that valley have been among the brdvest peo-
ple of this country, as they have evinced on
every fitting occasion, and its women are among
the handsomest. The Indians who went by
tlie name of the Wyomings have traveled west,
and possibly many of their descendants are now
living in that "great plain" which it is pro-
posed to make a Territory.
Besides that, I may say that Pennsylvania
has some claim on the great West. There is
not a State in all the West that is not made up
in part, and largely, by people from Pennsyl-
vania. There has not been a constitution formed
in any ofthe western States which wasnot formed
in part by the minds and the activity of men from
Pennsylvania. I see around me on this floor a
number of Senators who are descendants of men
who first settled in Pennsylvania, and who went
out to the West carrying with them the princi-
ples which they had imbibed in Pennsylvania,
and they have done much for the West, because
they learned their principles from their progen-
itors in Pennsylvania. I think the name of
Wyoming is most proper for this Territory, and
if it is intended as a compliment to Pennsyl-
vania I regard it as very proper, and I thank
the Senators for it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, the selec-
tion of the names of our western Territories
and States has always been settled by some
local consideration, the residence of an Indian
tribe or a river or a lake. I think we should not
at this time depart from that custom. While
the name of Wyoming is beautiful it will never
suggest anything there. It is a name derived,
as has been stated, from Pennsylvania. Now,
you have in the immediate vicinity of this new
organization, and in fact upon its territory, a
powerful Indian tribe who have been known to
history in past time as having given this Gov-
ernment as much trouble as any other Indian
tribe on the Plains—the Cheyennes. By giving
the name of Cheyenne to this Territory you
will preserve that fact in the recollection of this
people. In the course of time, these Indians
will be lost; tliev will disappear as many other
tribes have done who are now only known
and remembered by the names given to other
western States and Territories. There was
once a famous nation of Indians known as the
Illinois. They are gone, butyou have the name
they gave to the river which flows through that
State. The Indians gave the name to the river,
and the river to the State, and that is all that
is left of the tribe. The lowas have disap-
peared almost entirely, but a State of this Union
is known by their name. The name of the
State of Wisconsin is taken from the Wisconsin
river, given to it by the French. The State of
Minnesota is named from the Minnesota river,
which name was given to that river by the
Indians. Dakota Territory is of course named
from the great Dakota tribe. Now, in regard
to this proposed new Territory, as it is the
scene of the exploits of the Cheyenne Indians,
why not preserve that name ? It ib as musical
as any of the rest, and the time will come
when it will be the only land-mark we shall
have of that tribe. Everything else will have
disappeared but the name. I think it wni be
a great mistake to go East to find a proper
name for the Territory, when you have  o many
around and about it, and the practice of the
Government in the past should be preserved in
naming this Territory. I think.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand the Senator
front Illinois to have, withdrawn his amendment,
so that there is no amendment now pending.
The PIlESIDEN L'pro tempore. Tno amunl-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the first sec-
tion be further amended by striking out of it
all after the word " Indians," in the nineteenth
line, 'fhe words which I propose to strike out
form a^ clause which has crept into ail our
territorial bills, providing that no Indian? shall
be included within the Territory if by treaty
stipulation the Government of tho United
States has provided that they shall not be
included without their consent. The difficulty
