1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
273
40xh Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Paine.
Ho. of Eeps.
Constitution. Inthe Constitution it is declared
that the President and Vice President shall be
removed from office on impeachment for and
conviction of treason, bribery, or other high
crimes and misdemeanors. But to this day
we are not agreed even on this side of the
House, to say nothing of the country at large,
whether such high crimes and misdemeanors
must have been first created by statute or estab-
lished by the common law. In the Constitu-
tion can be found no allusion to the subject of
suspension from office pending the trial of an
impeachment, andto-day thoughtful minds dis-
agree on the question whether the power of
suspension exists at all, and whether, if it ex-
ists. it is vested in the Senate alone.
But the provisions of the Constitution for the
impeachment of the Vice President would, in
case of their practical application, appear so
monstrous as to require prompt amendment;
for if Abraham Lincoln were still living and
Andrew Johnson Vice President, and we should
find it necessary to impeach the Vice Presi-
dent, ho would actually have the constitutional
right to preside over the Senate during his own
trial. The Constitution provides that the Vice
President shall be President of the Senate. It
is only when he is absent, or is exercising the
duties of President of the United States, that a
pro tempore President of the Senate is author-
ized by the Constitution ; and it is only when
the President is on trial that the Chief Justice
is authorized to preside. If, then, Mr. Lincoln
were still alive, and this impeachment were to
proceed against Andrew Johnson as Vice Pres-
ident, nothing couldpreventhim from presiding
at his own trial, if he should see fit so to do,
except a prompt assertion and exercise,either
by Congress or by the Senate, of the power of
suspension. I have no doubt, sir, that such a
reductio' ad absurdvm would satisfy even my
friend from Massauhuselts, [Mr. Boutiveli.,]
who so stoutly denies the existence ot this
power of suspension. More than that, sir; I
venture to predict that if the Chief Justice shall
resign or die pending the impeachment now
commenced, so that we shall find ourselves
face to face with the necessity of either termi-
nating the proceedings at once, or permitting
Andrew Johnson to nominate a Chief Justice
to complete his own trial or suspending him
from office, we shall all be ready to reconsider
the constitutional question respecting the power
of suspension.
The uncertainty of many of the provisions
relating to the office of Vice President is hardly
less striking. It is provided that—
" In case of the removal of the President from
office, or of his death, resignation, or inability to dis-
charge the powers and duties of the said office, the
same shall devolve on the Vice President.
Does this mean that the office itself or the
powers and duties of the office shall des'olve
upon the Vice President in the cases indicated ?
In that part of the clause which declares that
in case of the President's ''inability to dis-
charge the powers and duties ot the said office
the same shall devolve on the Vice President"
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout-
well] finds what, in his judgment, warrants
the construction that the words "the same"
refer not to the office itself, but to its powers
and duties ; whereas, on the other hand, in
that part of the clause which declares that "in
case of the removal of the President from office,
or of his death (or) resignation, the same shall
devolve on the Vice President," I find that
which compels me to believe that the words
" the same " refer to the office itself.
But there are other difficulties in this clause.
Who is to determine when this inability of the
President exists, when it begins, when it ends ?
What would be the constitutional position of
the President if, during his temporary inability,
the Vice President should act as President?
Which of the two would be President? Or
should we have two Presidents? Suppose the
inability, for example, to result from insanity
40th Oono. '2d Sess.—No. 18.
or bodily disease. Who is to decide when the
disease of mind or body reaches such a stage
as to amount to "inability to discharge the
powers and duties" of the office? Shall an
insane President decide when to surrender his
power? Shall an ambitious Vice President
decide when to assume the powers of a Presi-
dent sick in body or in mind, and when to re-
store them to a convalescent President; when
to wrest his office from a President alleged to
be insane, and when to restore it? Or shall
these questions be decided by the courts, the
Senate, Congress, the Army, or the people?
Suppose, again, thatthcassassin's bullet had
robbed Abraham Lincoln, not of his life, but
only of his reason, and after Andrew Johnson
had exercised the powers of the presidential
office for a year Mr. Lincoln had recovered and
resumed the office, what would have been Mr.
Johnson's official position under the Constitu-
tion during that year? And what would have
been Mr. Lincoln's official position? Which
would have been President? Or should we
have had two Presidents at the same time?
The considerations which satisfy me that,
notwithstanding these difficulties by which the
case is beset, the Chief Justice and not the
President of the Senate is to preside during
the trial of Mr. Johnson, are these: the
reason of the rule requiring the Chief Justice
to preside over the Senate during the trial of
the President is that the Vice President, who
is the President of the Senate, succeeds to the
office of President of the United States upon
conviction and removal of the accused. This
reason exists in full force in the present case.
If Mr. Johnson shall be removed the President
of the Senate will succeed to his office. Besides
it is clear to my own mind that under the first
section of the second article of the Constitu-
tion the office itself fully and completely de-
volves upon the Vice President upon the death
of the President. At the same time I think
it is the essential character of the powers and
duties constitutionally discharged which is to
determine thequestion, and not the official title
of the man by whom they are discharged. So far
as this question is concerned it is, therefore, in
my judgment, after all quite immaterial whether
we say that the office of the President or the
powers and duties of that office devolved on
Mr. Johnson upon the death of Mr. Lincoln.
So far as this question is concerned, lie who
exercises the powers and performs the duties of
President is for the time being President. And
while I admit that the phrase " Vice President
discharging the powers and duties of the office
of President," or the phrase "Vice President
acting as President," would indicate the mode
of accession to, as well as the nature of, the
office held, at the same time I think that the
word " President" accurately and sufficiently
designates the office. _ _
This, in my judgment, is all that is required
in the case. I cannot'see why tlie articles
should show how Andrew Johnson acquired
his office any more in this case than if he had
been elected to it by the people. If the com-
mittee had in their report described Mr. John-
son as " Vice President acting as President,"
or as "Vice President discharging the powers
and duties of President," I think they would
have made no serious mistake. And yet 1 very
much prefer the form which they have adopted.
If Abraham Lincoln were now President, after
a period of inability during which Mr. Johnson
had acted as President, and Mr. Johnson were
now Vice President, and we were about to im-
peach the Vice President for crimes and mis-
demeanors which he had committed as Presi-
dent, we might be embarrassed bj' the question
whether th'e Chief Justice or the President of
the Senate should preside at his trial. And if
we were now about to impeach Mr. Johnson for
offenses committed during Mr. Lincoln s lite,
and while Mr. Johnson was simply Vice Pres-
ident, we might experience similar embarrass-
ment. But ao such difficulty attends the case
before us. We arraign Mr. Johnson for high
crimes and misdemeanors committed since
President Lincoln's death, while Mr. Johnson
was discharging the same powers and duties
which he now discharges.
Again, sir, both the Senate and the House
of Representatives have repeatedly, by solemn
acts and joint resolutions, recognized the full
official character of Andrew Johnson as Presi-
dent of these United States. Time will not
permit me to refer to more than one or two of .
these cases. In the act, to reimburse the States
of Indiana and Ohio for certain moneys ex-
pended, which act was passed by this Congress
and approved by Mr. Johnson on the 29th of
March, 18G7, we used the following words:
" Be it enactcd by the Senate and ITnuneof Representa-
tives of the United State) of America iti Conoresn avxem-
bled. That immediately after the passage of this net
the President shall appoint three commissioners by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate," &c.
And in the preamble of a joint resolution
approved by Andrew Johnson March 29, 1367,
we used these words:
"Whereas on the 3d day of April, 1866. t y the au-
thority and direction of the President of the United
States, agricultural collegcscrip, covering nearly two
hundred and seventy thousand acres, w.is issued and
delivered to tlio State of North Carolina," &c.
Mr. Johnson himself has, on scores, if not
on hundreds, of occasions, within the last year,
asserted his position as President, of the Uni-
ted States. In his last annual message, in
which he denounces Congress for attempting
to strip him of some of the prerogatives of the
presidential office, he again and again reiter-
ates this assertion. In the very order for the
removal of Mr. Stanton upon which the first
of these articles of impeachment is founded,
and which bears the date of February 21,1808,
Mr. Johnson says to Mr, Stanton:
"Sir: By virtue of the powerand authority vested
in me, as President, by the Constitution and laws of
the United States, sou are hereby removed fiom
office as Secretary for the Department of War, and
your functions as such wilt terminato upon receipt
of tlna communication."
This question, then, seems to be closed,_ so
far as the accused is concerned, and so far.
also, as that tribunal is concerned in which is
vested absolute and exclusive power to decide
it—I mean the Senate of the United States.
I pass now, sir, to the consideration of the
second of the articles of impeachment pre-
sented by the committee. I shall, probably,
have no time to discuss any others.
By the second section of the second article of
the Constitution officers of the United States
are, so far as their mode of appointment is coil'
eerned, divided into two distinct classes. Hie
first class embraces those officers who can,
under the Constitution, only be appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. The second class embraces
those who are styled inferior officers, whose
appointment may be ve-.ted by law in the Pres-
ident, or in the courts of law, or in the heads
of Departments, at the discretion of Congress.
Congress may authorize the President or the
courts of law or the heads of Departments to
appoint inferior officers without the advice and
consent of the Senate, but cannot authorize
them so to appoint any officers except inferior
officers. In the absence of legislation vesting
the appointment of inferior officeisin the Presi-
dent, couits of law, or heads of Departments,
the Constitution requires them to be appointed,
like officers of the other class, by the President,-
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate. The Constitution contains no provision for
or allusion to the removal of officers of either
class as a distinct and isolated act. How, then,
may an officer be constitutionally removed
whose appointment must be made by and with
the advice and consent of-the Senate. Ana
how can an officer be removed whose appoint-
ment may be vested by law hi the Presiden , or
courts of law, or heads of Departments? It
seems to me that, upon principle, the answers
to these questions are very ptem. Officers of
