1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17.73
it. I do not propose to throw any obstacle in
the way of the iinal disposition of this or any
other bill; but I do ask, before any bill of the
magnitude of the one under consideration is
passed, that it shall be understood. How many
gentlemen are there on this floor who know
anything at all about this bill? I undertake to
say not a dozen. It is said by the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Loan] that it passed the
Senate without a dissenting voice. How many
members of the Senate understood it I do not
know.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman ex-
plain it?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. No, sir. I say
I do not understand it. That is the very thing
I am complaining of. It maybe when the bill
is understood by me or by some other gen-
tleman more competent to understand it, in
whose judgment I have confidence, that I shall
vote for it. All I desire now is to call the
attention of the House to this dangerous mode
of enacting laws. Let it go to a committee;
let it be examined by the Committee of Ways
and Means, in whom I have confidence, or by
the Committee on Appropriations.
But, sir, from what I am able to learn of this
bill it seems to me a most pernicious one.
Why, sir, practically it proposes to abolish, as
to a class of claims, the Auditor of the Treas-
ury Department, and to say that the certificate
of subordinate officers shall be final and con-
clusive. It proposes that your Auditors shall
have no revisory power over them. I beg gen-
tlemen, before they pass bills that are to aifect
claims against the Government to the amount
of millions, to understand what they are doing.
ThenI will bow with deference tothejudgment
of the House, whether I concur in its action
or not.
Mr. MUNGEN. A single question. Do I
understand the gentleman to say that the Audi-
tors have nothingto do with this, nor the Comp-
troller under the act of 1817 ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I was saying
I knew very little about it, and for that reason
I was unwilling to vote either for or against the
bill; but from what little I could learn of it it
seemed to me to be a very pernicious bill,
because it proposes practically to abolish the
Auditors of the Treasury Department, leaving
the decision of subordinate officers to be final
upon claims against the Government.
Mr. MUNGEN. It does not abolish these
officers.
. Mr. LOAN. I resume the floor and yield
to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine. J
Mr. BLAINE. I only desired to say what
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] has
anticipated me in saying, that I think this bill
ought to go to the Committeee on Appropria-
tions. If there be a more appropriate com-
mittee let it be named. There is no propriety
and no precedent for passing such a bill as
this from the Speaker's table. It has not been
printed. It refers to divers acts, none of which
members understand, and although it may be
the best bill in the world, I do not know that it
is. We are not in the habit of passing bills
in this way in this House, and I hope we shall
not get into the habit. The bill ought to be
referred and examined, and some committee
held responsible for it when it comes back.
I think the gentleman from Missouri ought
not to press it now, but ought to let it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and if it be as meritorious as he claims it to
be it will very probably be reported back
promptly.
Mr. LOGAN. I think this bill is a very
simple one and easy to understand ; and cer-
tainly there is nothing very pernicious in it, as
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence]
says. The mere reading of it, if the gentleman
will listen to it, will enable him to under-
stand it.
There is a difference in the Departments as
to the construction of a law, and all this bill
does is to fix the construction. I will tell the
gentleman my understanding of it, and I hope
lie bill will pass. If, for instance, a claim is
passed by the quartermaster's department it
goes from there to the Auditor's office; it is
then passed from the Auditor's to the Comp-
troller's office, and the Comptroller passes
upon it and decides what amount the claimant
is entitled to. After the claim has passed
through all these hands and been decided by
all these officers it then goes back—where?
To the quartermaster's department. For what ?
For a requisition on the Treasury Department
for the amount of money they have all deter-
mined the claimant is entitled to. This bill
only provides that after having passed the
quartermaster's department and the Auditor
and the Comptroller it shall not have again to
go through the same hands and pass through
the same channels, but shall bo paid without
further delay.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman tell us how many millions the bill will
affect?
Mr. LOGAN. How many millions?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not think it will affect
half a million, or even five cents.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Then, if it will
not affect five cents, it is absurd to pass it.
Mr-. LOGAN. Now, I will give the gentle-
man a case, and I think it is a very hard one.
I know a man here, one of my constituents, a
gentleman from Chicago, a loyal man and a
good man—a man who has served in the Army
and who was the owner of steamboats. He
had two steamboats taken and pressed into the
service by the quartermaster's department,
they agreeing to pay him a certain amount.
The claim went to the Auditor and it was
audited, and to the second Comptroller and it
was passed. It then went back to the quar-
termaster's department and was referred to
the Inspector General and to somebody else,
and it has been kept going the rounds for two
or three years, after being passed by all the
Departments. It is to prevent that state of
things, and nothing else, that this bill is pro-
posed. I only give one instance. It was not
that case that caused this bill to originate. I
only give it as one of, perhaps, fifty cases.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It was not that case that
originated the bill?
Mr. LOGAN. 1 do not know that it was. I
do not think it was.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Are there any particular
cases to which this bill is designed to apply?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir ; not that I know of.
If there are I do not know it. I could name
quite a number of eases that I know of that
have been reported to mo, and that I know of
even before 1 was in Congress.
I will say thi-? to the gentleman, that this
peculiar hardship seems to strike a particular
class of men. If you will go to the Comp-
troller's office and examine the cases that have
been kept going the rounds for the last two
years I will venture the assertion you will find
that nearly every one of them are the cases of
loyal men who served their country, and those
that have not been kept in that position are
of a different class.
I do not wantto see a class of eases that have
gone from the quartermaster's or any other
department to the Comptroller, and have re-
ceived his approval, sent off somewhere else
for tho opinion of some other officer. I want
the laws to provide that in all cases where the
Comptroller and Auditor have passed upon a
claim favorably the requisition shall be issued.
That is but just; it deprives no one of his
rights ; it does not take any money improperly
from the Treasury.
This is not an appropriation bill in any
sense of the term ; it is merely a bill settling a
question between officers of law in reference to
their decisions upon cases. That is ail there
is in it. It cannot do anybody any injustice ;
it is merely to give a proper construction to
the law; to give it the same construction it
used to have, and just as it should be.now.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, ,1s there any
objection to having this bill referred to a com-
mittee?
Mr. LOAN. Yes; there is a very serious
one.
Mr. SCOFIELD. What is it? •
Mr. LOAN. There is a large amount of
money owing by the Government which has
been certified to and passed upon by the proper
officers, and the parties to whom it is due cta-
not now get it.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I understand the gentle-
man to say that the various accounting officers
of the Treasury whose business it is to oarefirlly
study the laws disagree in regard to the con-
struction of. them.
Mr. LOAN. No, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. How, then; are they
agreed ?
Mr. LOAN. They are agreed, so far as th«
Treasury Department is concerned. The diffi;
culty is with the other Departments.
. Mr. SCHENCK. I do not speak of the
Treasury Department only. There is a dis-
agreement among those whose business it is
carefully to study these laws. Yet this House
is expected, under the pressure of the previous
question, without the bill being in print, by
instinct, as it were, to settle the difficulty for
them. I believe that is what is asked.
Mr. LOAN. I desire to say a word or two.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment?
Mr. LOAN. Certainly.
Mr. ALLISON. If I understand this bill cor-
rectly, it is a bill to construe an act passed in
1817. It is to be binding upon all the Audi-
tors and Comptrollers of the Treasury and
every other subordinate officer of the Govern-
ment, and it subjects a superior officer, to wit,
the head of the Department, to an inferior offi-
cer, a Comptroller or Auditor, as the case may
be.
Mr. LOAN. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. ALLISON. This is what it says:
And fhh decision of tho Comptroller thereon shall
be binding and oonclusivo upon tho head of the De-
partment, as hereinbefore provided.
Therefore the inferior officer, the Comp-
troller, for instance, is placed above and be-
yond the head of the Department, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury or the Secretary of War,
as the case may be.
It seems to me that thisbill ought to go to a
committee which shall examine all the various
statutes upon the subject. It may be that in-
justice is done to claimants, for oursystem of
accounts in the Treasury is a complicated one
of cheeks and balances. Such is tho ease, too,
in the War Department. If there are divers
decisions, either in the War Department, the
Treasury Depai-tment, or any of the other
Departments, between the different branches
or bureaus of these Departments, then the laws
should be examined and proper legislation
passed in reference to the subject.
For one I am opposed to passing this bill
now without there being a careful examina-
tion of these laws by some committee. I be-
lieve we have a Committee on Revision of
Laws.
The SPEAKER. There is such a commit-
tee, of which the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Poland] is chairman.
Mr. ALLISON. Then why not refer this
bill to that committee? I suppose they have
not a great deal of business before them, and
they can examine this subject and report upon
it in a day or two, and then the House can act
intelligently upon the question.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to say that I think
the Committee on Revision of Laws would be a
more appropriate committee to consider this
matter than the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] asks why not send this
bill to a committee. I desire to answer him.
If it is sent to any intelligent committee it will
never come back with a favorable recommend-
ation.
Mr. ALLISON. I thank the gentleman for
his information.
Mr. LOAN. When I took charge of this
bill I little expected there would be all this
