274
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 29,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Paine,
40th Cong....2d Sess.
the first class, that is, officers who, under the
Constitution, can only be appointed by the
President, by and with the advica and consent
of the Senate, may, in the first place, be re-
moved by the appointment of their successors,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate. This mode, and this mode only, is ex-
pressly prescribed in the Constitution. They
may, perhaps, in the second place, be removed
by an order of removal made by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, without an appointment ofa successor. This
second mode is not expressly provided by the
Constitution, and is only authorized, if author-
ized at all, by implication from the power to
appoint. Iam willing to concede, for the pur-
pose of this argument, that a removal may be
so made.
In the case of one of the second class of
officers, those inferior officers whose appoint-
ment may be vested by law in the President
alone, or the courts of law, or the heads of
Departments, the mode of his removal will,
iu the first place, depend upon the question
whether his appointment or removal has or
has not been vested by law in the President, the
courts of law, or the heads of Departments.
If it has not been so vested he can only be
removed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, either by
the appointment of his successor, under the
express power of the Constitution, or by mere
removal under a power possibly to be implied
therefrom. But if his appointment or removal
has been vested in the President alone then
the President alone may remove him, either
by the appointment of a successor, as expressly
provided, or, possibly, by a mere order of re-
moval under an implied power. The result is
that inferior officers may be removed by the
President alone if their appointment or removal
has been vested in the President alone. If it
has not been so vested they can only be removed
by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate; and as to all other
officers it is quite immaterial what acts Con-
gress may pass; they cannot be constitutionally
appointed or removed save by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate.
The President, in his last annual message,
earnestly insists that unless the Constitution
fives him by implication the power of removal,
e is held to an official responsibility for the
acts of his subordinates, of which he cannot
possibly acquit himself. But, sir, the Constitu-
tion actually authorizes Congress to vest abso-
lutely in the courts of law or heads of Depart-
ments the appointment of every inferior officer
in the executive branch of the Government,
without exception, and without any possibility
of interference by the President: and if you
admit what his defenders claim, thatthe Cabinet
officers are, under the Constitution, inferior offi-
cers, then Congress may at any time by law, de-
prive the President of the power of appointing
or even nominating a single one of the many
thousand executive officers required in the
Government. But if you deny, what his de-
fenders assert, that the members of the Cabi-
net are inferior officers, then the Constitution
authorizes Congress by law to deprive him
of the power to nominate or appoint any ex-
cept Cabinet officers. The power of appoint-
ment, therefore, has no intimate relation to
the President's responsibility for the official
conduct of his subordinates. How absurd,
then, to make this responsibility the basis of
an implied power of removal!
Now, if the Secretary of War is not an
inferior officer within the meaning of this pro-
vision of the Constitution, he can neither be
appointed nor removed except by the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate. In that case an examination of
the statutes will be quite superfluous. It is
only necessary to look into the Constitution
itsel£ Is the Secretary of War an inferior
officer within the sense of the constitutional
provision referred to? Does not the very
phraseology of the clause which relates to the
appointment of these inferior officers exclude
the idea that the head of the Department of
War is one of them? These are the words
of the clause:
" But the Congress may by law vest the appoint-
ment of such interior officers as they think proper
in the President alope, in the courts of law, or in the
heads of Departments."
Is it reasonable to suppose that one of these
very inferior officers has been selected as an
authorized depositary of this power of ap-
pointment of inferior officers ? Is not the idea
excluded by the very collocation of the words
" inferior officers" and ''headsof Depart-
ments'' in this clause? But, sir, the conse-
quences of such a construction as will make
the head of the War Department an inferior
officer under this clause are most absurd. If
he is an inferior officer, Congress is expressly
authorized by this clause, at its discretion, to
vest his appointment absolutely in either the
President, or the courts of law, or the heads of
Departments. That is to say, Congress may
authorize the Supreme Court, orany other court
of law of the United States, to appoint and
remove the Secretary of War without the
interference of the President, or the approval
of the Senate. More than that, sir, Congress
may authorize the Secretary of War to appoint
the Secretary of War without the interference
of the President, or the advice or consent of
the Senate, and thus by a single act enable
every Secretary to designate his successor and
so establish a perpetual succession, which
neither the President nor the Senate nor the
people can interrupt. Sir, you cannot avoid
these most absurd consequences of the con-
struction proposed unless you take the ground
that the Secretary of War is not one of the
heads of Departments referred to in the Consti-
tution. But that the term "heads of Depart-
ments " does apply to the Secretary of War and
other Cabinet officers is placed beyond a doubt
by that passage in the same section wherein it
is provided that the President—-
" Mny require the opinion in writing of the princi-
pal otlieeriu each of the Executive jJepartmeiits."
If I am right, sir, in my opinion, that the
Secretary of War "is not an inferior officer
within the meaning of the second section of
the second ariicle of the Constitution, then the
Constitution does not permit, nor can any
statute empower the President to appoint a
Secretary of War except under the last clause
of the section, to fill a vacancy which may
happen daring the recess of the Senate, by
granting a commission which shall expire at
the end of the next session. This, of course,
disposes of one branch of the case now before
us. If 1 am also right in my opinion that
under the Constitution officers who can be
appointed only by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate can only be removed
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, then it is unnecessary to examine the
bearing or meaning of statutory provisions on
this subject.
1 therefore take the position that the Con-
stitution itself, any statutory legislation to the
contrary notwithstanding, forbids the appoint-
ment or removal of the Secretary of War without
the advice and consent of the Senate while the
Senate is in session. And the President of the
United States, having violated this provision
of the Constitution for the corrupt and wicked
purpose of placing the military power of the
Government in the hands of its enemies, is sub-
ject to impeachment.
But, sir, for the sake of argument I will
grant that the Secretary of War is an inferior
officer, whose appointment and removal may
be constitutionally vested by law in the Presi-
dent alone, without the advice and consent of
the Senate; and I will also, for the sake of
argument, admit all th« other premises upon
which the defenders of the President-rest their
legal argument, that by the act of 1789 the
President alone was authorized to remove the
Secretary of War, and that by the act of 17y5
the President was empowered to fill, for a
period of six months, by ad interim appoint-
ment, a vacancy in the offi e of Secretary of
War, whether it was or was not, in the lan-
guage of the statute, a vacancy, whereby the
Secretary of War could not perform the duties of
his office. I will admit, too, that the Adjutant
General of the Army was eligible to such an ad
interim appointment, and, finally, that >y the
proviso of the first section of the civil-office
tenure act of 18<37 the Secretary of War was
empowered to hold his office for and during the
term of office actually held by the President
who appointed him, and one month thereafter,
and not during the term for which such Presi-
dent was elected. These are all the premises
claimed by the President's defenders. Admit
them, and still their conclusion does not follow.
Most of them can be admitted only for the
sake of argument. I have already shown what
absurdities are involved in the doctrine that
the Secretary of War is, within the meaning of
the second article of the Constitution, an in-
ferior officer. It is not to be forgotten that if
any power of removal is conferred upon the
President by the act of 1789 it is not expressly
conferred, but only by implication from the
clause which provides that the chief clerk—
"Whenever the said principal officer shall be re-
moved irom office, by the President of the United
States, or in any other case of vacancy, shall, during
such vacancy, liase the eharare and custody of all
record?, books, and papers appertaining to the said
Department."
Whether this clause of itself confers a power
of removal, or merely defines the powers of
the chief cleric, in ease of vacancy by removal
or otherwise, leaving the power of removal to
be determined by other statutes, is a question
of construction. It should also be remem-
bered that the act of 17y5 only authorizes an
ad interim appointment to fill a " vacancy
whereby the Secretary of War cannot perform
the duties of his office." And if under the civil-
office tenure act of 18G7 Mr. Stanton's term
ended, and his office became vacant one month
after Mr. Lincoln's death, or when the law
took effect, the same was true of the terms of
Secretaries Seward, Welles, and McCulloch,
neither of whom was ever reappointed, and
this day the President retains them in violation
of the law.
Assuming these premises, however, let us as-
ceitain the official position which Mr. Stanton
actually inaintaiued under the Constitution and
laws on the day before the civil office tenure
act took effect—that is to say, on March 1,
1867. Mr. Stanton had been appointed by
President Lincoln, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, during his first term.
Under that appointment his official character
remained absolutely perfect up to the c!<"> e of
Mr. Lincoln's first term. If Mr. Lincoln had
the power to remove him without the approval
of the Senate he had not exercised that power.
Nor had he removed him or attempted to re-
move him with the approval of the Senate.
Inasmuch as the office of Secretary of War, like
that of chief clerk of the War Department,
was, by the act of 1789, made of indefinite
duration, with no provision for its termination,
except by new appointment or removal, Mr.
Stanton continued to be the constitutional and
lawful Secretary of War from the commence-
ment of Mr. Lincoln's second term until his
death. And, for precisely the same reason, he
continued to be the constitutional and lawful
Secretary of War from the dale of Mr. John-
son's accession to the Presidency until March
1, 1807. If the law or the Constitution had
expressly, or by implication, limited the dura-
tion of the office of the Secretary to the term
of the President by whom he was nominated,
then of course a new appointment would have
been necessary at the commencement of Mr.
