1774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
discussion upon it. It seems to me that the
less there is involved in any measure before
this House the more disturbance it creates
here. Now here is a law which has been in
force since 1817.
. Mr. BLAINE. And has worked well.
Mr. LOAN. And has worked well all the
time. In pursuance of the law the Comptroller
of the Treasury has had the final decision and
controlof these matters. But recently, when
officers of the other Departments have had
much of this work to do, they have undertaken
to assume an authority not known to the law
for the purpose of preventing money being
paid out of the Treasury. In order to keep
money in the Treasury, which is rightfully due,
they have interposed unheard of and unwar-
ranted objections.
Now, for the purpose of relieving the matter
of the embarrassment thus caused, we are
called upon to give a legislative construction
to that law. Since 1817, when these accounts
have been passed through the various Depart-
ments and certified to by the proper auditing
officer of the Treasury,and finally decided by the
Comptroller, they have been sent back to the
War, Navy, or other Department where they
originated for the purpose of having requisi-
tions drawn for the payment. When an account
has thus passed the proper officers the party
has a right to expect a requisition in pursuance
of that judgment. Because if there is to be
no end to this matter, if it can be started upon
a new round among a new set of officers, all
must see great injustice will be done.
Therefore this bill is brought forward, so
that when an account has beeu_ thus passed
upon and returned for the requisition to be
drawn, but two things can be done, either to
draw a requisition upon the Treasury for the
amount thus certified to be due, or to send it
back with any new matter which may have come
to their knowledge, and which they hold to fur-
nish a reason why the account should undergo
revision.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. LOAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAINE. The law as it now stands has
operated for fifty-one years.
Mr. LOAN. With the construction which
we propose to place upon it.
Mr. BLAINE. Does not the gentleman
think it would last a week longer, time enough
for a committee to examine this bill?
Mr. LOAN. Yes; or a year longer, if
necessary.
Mr. MUNGEN. This bill does not propose
to change the law at all. As the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Loan] says, it is merely
to stop this contradictory construction of the
law. If gentlemen are so anxious to have this
bill referred to a committee, it being merely
a bill explanatory of what is now the law, in
my opinion, the proper committee to which it
should be referred is the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. HARDING. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Missouri. A case was
brought to the House and came under my own
observation, which 1 think illustrates the work-
ing of the proposed amendment to the law.
There was a man who had chartered a barge
to the Government early in the war, say at
SI,000 per week, or ยง200 per day. After that
had continued a while the quartermaster s
department reduced it to $100 per day, and
notified him of the change. He, however, con-
cluded to remain in the service, and did con-
tinue therein for three or four years. During
that time the barge was injured by coming m
contact with a vessel in the public servicc;
in fact, it was nearly destroyed. The Govern-
ment repaired the barge and returned it to the
party in good condition.
At the close of the service the account was
presented, went to the Auditor and Comptroller,
and came back to the quartermaster's depart-
ment. A difference of opinion arose as to
whether the Government had a right to charge
against the account for services the cost of re-
pairing the barge. The quartermaster insisted
that he should make that charge in this case, as
he had done in all other cases where the Govern-
ment had made similar repairs. This gentle-
man refused to submit to it and appealed to the
Comptrollers. They decided he was not bound
to submit to it. They threw off some thou-
sands of dollars which the quartermaster said
was rightfully charged for repairs. They send
him back to the quartermaster and the quar-
termaster refused to make the requisition. He
could not get his pay, aud he came to Congress.
Congress sent him back to the War Depart-
ment.
Mr. LOAN. I do not know anything about
that. I now demand the previous question.
The previous question was not seconded,
only thirteen voting in the affirmative.
Mr. BLAINE moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Revision of the Laws
of the United States.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill and joint resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled Senate bill No.
208, for the relief of the legal representatives
of the late Philip It. Fendall; and Senate joint
resolution No. 102, instructing the superin-
tendent of the Asylum for the Insane in the
District of Columbia to admit James Mcin-
tosh on the same footing as indigent insane
persons of the District; when the Speaker
signed the same.
ten-forty bonds.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a
resolution of the House relative to the sales
of ten-forty bonds, price at which sold, &c.;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
appraiser's department, new york.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmit-
ting, in compliance with a resolution ot the
House, copies of contracts made for labor in
the appraiser's department in the City of New
York, and the authority for the same ; which
were referred to the Committee on Retrench-
ment, and ordered to be printed.
leave of absence.
Mr. Scofield and Mr. Lawrence of Penn-
sylvania, by unanimous consent, were granted
leave of absence for one week from Wednesday
next.
reconsideration.
Mr. UPSON moved to reeonsidcr the refer-
ence of bills and resolutions from the Speak-
er's table, excepting the bill in reference to
which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] had entered a motion to reconsider;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
impeachment of the president.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to suspend the
rules so as to enable me to record my vote on
the article? of impeachment of the President.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not object to any
man who wants to east his vote for that infa-
mous measure. Let all who want to cast their
votes.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the rules will be considered as suspended for
that purpose.
There was no objection, and the rules were
accordingly suspended.
Mr. Maynard and Mr. Van Horn of Mis;
souri voted in the affirmative on the articles of
impeachment.
exemption from internal tax.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
from the Conjmittee of Ways and Means, re-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 900) to exempt cer-
tain manufactures from internal tax; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to bf
printed and recommitted, with leave to reporl
at any time.
pensions.
Mr. HARDING, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 901) to amend an
act supplementary to an act entitled " An act
granting pensions," &c., approved July 4,
1804; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
assignment of dower.
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 902) concerning the
assignment of dower in the District of Colum-
bia ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
issue of clothing to soldiers.
The last business upon the Speaker'stable was
Senate joint resolution No. Ill, providing for
the issue of clothing to soldiers and others, to
replace clothing destroyed to prevent conta-
gion ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. GARFIELD. That ought to be passed
at once. During the prevalence of the yellow
fever last summer soldiers, to prevent conta-
gion. were compelled to destroy their clothing,
and there is no law by which it can be replaced.
This only provides they shall have clothing re-
issued totliein in place of that destroyed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There is no quorum pre-
sent.
Mr. PAINE. I move the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petition of
Theodore F. Hand and others, of Madison
county, New York, asking that the present and
future senior classes at the naval school at
Annapolis be graduated with the rank of
ensign.
By Mr. COBB: The petition of 242 citizens
of Mineral Point, for the protection of the
rights of adopted citizens.
By Mr. CULLOM: The petition of Ueorge
E. Welch, of the naval service, praying that
Congress grant him a pension from September
13, 1865, the date of his discharge.
Also, the petition of Samuel Noah, asking
that Congress make an allowance to him for
valuable services rendered the Government at
Brooklyn, New York, during the war of 1812.
By Mr. DAWES : The petition of Mrs. L.
J. Doty, widow of a contract surgeon, for a
pension.
By Mr. DRIGGS : The petition of Dr. J. C.
McKenzie, geologist, in favor of an increased
duty on copper.
Also, the petition of Peter White and 18
others, citizens of Marquette, Michigan, pray-
ing that the law establishing bonded warehouses
be repealed and the system abolished.
Also, the petition of S. P. Ely and 50 others,
of Marquette, Michigan, praying Congress to
rcduce the national expense by cutting down
the Army and Navy.
By Mr. FEIilUSS: The petition of Thomas
S. Townsend, praying the purchase by the Gov-
ernment of a work of about one hundred vol-
umes containing statistics of the late civil war.
By Mr. GOLLADAY : The petition of J.
WT. Todd, for remission of ยง3.000.
Also, sundry claims of Achilles Nelson and
Samuel Jeffries' petition lor relief.
By Mr. HARDING: A memorial of citi-
zens of Quincv. relative to eigai'S, &c.
By Mr. HO'iCHKISS : The petition of Wil-
liam H. Bevins and others, officers and soldiers,
of Middlesex county, Connecticut, in the Union
Army, for the pay awarded them by the Court
of Claims.
By Mr. JONES: The remonstrance of Laird
