390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
before the committee that this provision of the
new constitution of Missouri is in conflict with
the Constitution of the United States ; that the
fact that these persons are now prevented from
registering and voting in the State, upon the
ground that they had committed acts which
prevented their truly taking the oath prescribed
by the new constitution, should be regarded as
a punishment inflicted upon them for those
acts committed prior to the adoption of the new
constitution, and therefore in violation of the
Constitution of the United States. And for
the purpose of supporting this claim the con-
testant relies upon the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States in the case of Cum-
mings rs. The State of Missouri, (4 Wallace
277,) where it was decided that so far as this
provision of the new constitution prevents per-
sons from following avocations lawful in them-
selves in consequence of their inability to take
the oath on account of acts done by them
standing in the way of it, was in the nature of
punishment, was in the nature of an ex post
facto law, and was therefore in violation of the
Constitution of the United States.
The contestant claims that the doctrine of
that case is applicable to voters; that when the
people of the State of Missouri adopted the
new constitution and prescribed this oath, the
effect of which was to disfranchise many who
were voters before in consequence of their
inability to take the oath prescribed, it can be
regarded only as a punishment, and therefore
in violation of the Constitution of the United
States. The committee do not come to that
conclusion ; they think there is a broad differ-
ence between the right of the people of a State
to prescribe by their fundamental law, or by a
change in their fundamental law, who shall be
voters in the State, and the making a provision
that shall disqualify persons from following
certain lawful avocations.
1 will read merely the conclusion to which
the committee came, without going at length
into a constitutional argumeut on this subject:
The contestant claims that the same application
i'1'inciples requires the same decision in relation
«" Notcrs; that the virtual disfrachisement of per-
ious who were voters under the previous constitution
and laws of the State, bat who aro prevented from
voting under the new constitution by reason of their
inability to take the oath it requires, can only be
regarded as a punishment for the act which stands
in the way of taking the oath, and that the Constitu-
tion of the United States prohibits the infliction of
punishment by subsequent legislation.
"If such disfranchisement must be regarded as
established for the purpose of punishing the persons
thus deprived of the right of voting it must be
admitted to come entirely within the reasoning by
which the above cited judgment of the court is sup-
ported.
" Your committee believe that the provisions of the
new constitution of Missouri may be supported, so
tar as they require this oath of voters, without at all
trenching upon the decision of the Supreme Court.
"Each of the States of the Union have hitherto
regulated suffrage within their own limits for them-
selves, and in such manner as the people of the State
deemed most conducive to their own interests and
welfare. Suffrage is a political right or privilege
whieh every free community grants to such number
and class of persons as it deems attest to represent
and advance the wants and interests of the whole.
No State grants it to all persons, but with such lim-
itations as the interests of all and the interest of the
State require.
"When once granted it is not a vested, irrevoca-
ble right, but is held at the plcjsure of the power
that gare it, and the State may, by a change of its
fundamental law. restrict as well as enlarge it. When,
therelore, the State of Missouri, in changing its con-
stitution, saw fit to declare that the interests of the
State and of the people of the State would be pro-
moted by withholding the right of voting from all
persons who could not take the prescribed oath they
exercised no greater or higher power than exists in
every State."
I am aware that this decision of the Supreme
Court was made by a majority of one member
of the court. Still, in the judgment of the
committee, it is to be regarded as the decision
of the highest tribunal of the land, upon a ques-
tion that is peculiarly within their jurisdiction
and their judgment, as to the true and proper
construction of the fundamental law of the
United States. Therefore, although a majority
decision, it is one that cannot.be disregarded
by this House, but must be regarded, so long
as it stands as the decision of the court, as. a
settlement of that question.
I may say, in reference to the distinction
between the right of voting and the right to
practice a profession or follow a vocation, that
we have already had some practical exposition
of that matter. The State of Tennessee has
done this very thing for herself; and since the
adoption of her constitution making that dis-
tinction that State has been represented*in both
Houses of Congress without question. Con-
gress itself, in the reconstruction acts, has
made precisely this exclusion in all the south-
ern States. Although some gentlemen ques-
tion the constitutionality of that kind of legis-
lation by Congress, still I do not understand it
to be upon the ground that it could not be done
by the proper authority; but they say that Con-
gress is not the proper authority to do it; that
instead of the power being exercised by Con-
gress it ought to be exercised, as it was exer-
cised in the State of Tennessee and in the State
of Missouri, by the people of the State them-
selves.
I do not understand it to be claimed by gen-
tlemen, even of different political ideas trom
myself, that this is a power not entirely within
the reach and at the command of, aud which
may be legally and constitutionally exercised
by, the people of a State. But the complaint
they make in regard to the reconstruction law
is that the power is exercised by Congress
instead of by a convention of the people in the
several States.
The contestant makes a further question in
relation to the binding force and obligation of
the new constitution of Missouri. He claims
that the convention by which that constitution
was framed exceeded their power in framing
that constitution, and also exceeded their
power in submitting it to the people for their
adoption, lie claims that the legislative act
by which that convention of the people was
called was merely to secure an amendment of
the constitution lu certain particulars; that the
convention went on and framed an entirely
new constitution, differing from the old consti-
tution in very many respects not referred to in
the enabling act of the Legislature calling the
convention.
The contestant also claims that the conven-
tion exceeded its power in submitting the con-
stitution to be voted upon only by such persons
as would be qualified voters under the new
constitution, instead of those who were pre-
viously voters under the old constitution, thus
making the disfranchisement contemplated in
the new constitution take effect in the election
held upon the adoption of that constitution.
The committee did not feel themselves bound
to enter into the wide field of discussion in
relation to the extent of the powers of a con-
vention of the people called for the purpose of
changing their fundamental law—-whether the
powers of such a body are restricted by the
legislative act under which the body is con-
vened, or whether such a convention stands in
the place of the people and may do anything
and everything that the people themselves in
their sovereign capacity may do. I say the
committee have not felt themselves bound to
enter upon that inquiry at all, because it is
conceded that from the time when this new
constitution was declared adopted in June,
I860, and when the Governor issued his proc-
lamation that it would go into effect on the
4th day of July, 1865, down to the present
time, every department or branch of the State
government, every municipality of the State
government, has acquiesced in this constitution
as the fundamental law of the State of Missouri.
No question has been made in regard to the
validity of that constitution. This is not a case
of two rival State organizations, each claiming
to be State governments. Every department
of the State government and all the people of
Missouri have acquiesced in this constitution
as the fundamental law of the State. More
than this, the State from that time to the pres-
ent has been represented in both branches of
Congress without any question in relation to
the validity of the State government and its
organization under this new constitution.
Hence the committee hold that any political
question which might have grown out of the
adoption of the new constitution has been
settled by the acquiescence of the State and
the acquiescence of the political departments
of the General Government in the organiza-
tion of the State uuder the new constitution.
If there is any question which can be raised it
is a legal and judicial question in reference to
which the remedy must be sought before legal
and judicial tribunals.
1 may say further, Mr. Speaker, in reference
to the question as to the distinction between
voters under the new constitution and those
who are disqualilied to practice professions or
followpursuits under it, that that very question
has been brought before the supreme court of
the State of Missouri and decided in accord-
ance with the decision of the committee in the
case of General F. P. Blair against some offi-
cer of election, which case has been taken
before the Supreme Court of the United States
and is now pending before that tribunal.
| But, Mr. Speaker, the contestant claims that
1 even if the new constitution of Missouri is to
! be regarded as valid and binding, and all its
j disfranchisements as not in violation of the
1 Constitution of the United States, the evidence
which he introduced before the committee was
sufficient to show that persons were wrongly
excluded from registration and voting even
under the constitution and laws of the State
of Missouri. He claims that as to the twenty-
five or twenty-six hundred rejected votes the
great mass of the persons offering those votes
were legal voters under the constitution and
laws of Missouri; that they ought to have
been allowed to be registered, and th^t their
votes ought to have been received and counted.
These persons having been denied registration
and their votes refused by the officers of regis-
tration and voting, of course the legal pre-
sumption is, as in the cases of all personsacting
officially, that the officers of registration aud
voting acted properly, and that these persons
were rightfully excluded from registration and
voting. Hence the burden of proof is upon
the contestant to show that these persons
ought to have been allowed to be registered
aud to vote. And, Mr. Speaker, the only re-
maining point upon which 1 desire to speak is
in reference to the evidence offered by the
contestant to establish the fact that these per-
sons could truly take the test-oath prescribed
by'the constitution of Missouri, and ought to
have been allowed to be registered and to vote.
The evidence va relation to these persons is
mainly of a general character. Not more than
five or six of the twenty-five or twenty-six
hundred persons are named by any of the wit-
nesses. My recollection is that only six per-
sons in all were named by any of the witnesses
when they undertook to speak of the character
of any voters as to loyalty or disloyalty, which
seemed to be the only question affecting all
these rejected votes.
And of these five or six, Mr. Speaker, the
evidence is not clear, the evidence is not plain
at all why they ought to have been allowed to
register. In reference to some of these, doubt-
less, on the evidence introduced it was not es-
tablished that they ought to have been allowed
to vote. The evidence offered by the contest-
ant is of a general character. 1 will read so
much of it as applies to voters in the county
of Clinton:
"Eli M. Lyons, speakingof therej ected list in Platts-
burg, Clinton community, says: 'They are among
the most substantial, wealthy, and exemplary citi-
zens ot the county.' Robert Johnson, in his testi-
mony, says ' he is acquainted with most of the wen
who voted on the rejected list in Clinton county, and
does not know of any one of them who was disloyal
within the meaning of the term3 of the new consti-
tution of Missouri.' George Funkhouser says ot th&«
rejected voters in Clinton co inty, 'I did not regard
the alleged sympathies for which such voters wero
rejected as amounting to disloyalty to the Govern-
ment of the United States. They were and yet are
peaceable and law-abiding citizens, and law-sus-
taining, claiming to be loyal notwithstanding their
sympathies.'"
Now, I think I may say, Mr. Speaker—and
this is all which applies to rejected voters in Clin-
