1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
ton county—it is rather stronger than the evi-
dence iu regard to the rejected list in other
counties ot' which we have any evidence. Of
course upon this evidence it is left a matter of
doubt, a matter of conjecture, as to whether
any and how many ot'this large list of rejected
votes were persons who ought to have been
received, ought to have been allowed and regis-
tered, and whose votes ought to have been
received as accepted votes.
Xow, Mr. Speaker, the committee were of
the opinion that neither they nor the House
had the right to say they would go into any
general estimate, any general calculation, and
say that probably upon the evidence a certain
percentage of those upon the list of rejected
votes ought to have been allowed to overcome
the majority of the sitting member. More than
this, sir, we think no such presumption as this
ought to be raised in favor of the contestant
under the law of Missouri, because the name
of every person on the rejected list who offered
to vote is preserved, the ballot he attempted
to cast is marked with his number, and it was
perfectly easy for the contestant to go to the
poll-book and the record of the registration
and election officers in the State of Missouri
and show the name of every single person who
offered to vote who was disallowed and the
person for whom he did, in effect, attempt to
cast his vote. The contestant was furnished
•with the names of all these persons who at-
tempted to vote, and the persons for whom they
attempted to vote, making it peculiarly easy for ;
him to reach every man of these rejected votes, I
and say whether he was a man who ought to ;
have been registered as an accepted voter or j
not. !
Under these circumstances the committee
felt they had less range to make a presumption
for the contestant than if for evidence of this ;
kind he was left to grope through his entire '
district to show who offered to vote and
whether the vote would have been for him or
not.
Mr. Speaker, among the evidence introduced
by the contestant was a considerable number
of witnesses who stated how many persons
there were in the district who did not offer to
vote, but who were entitled to be registered.
It wtas enough for the committee that if any
persons, whether they were entitled to register
or not, did not offer to register of- to vote is no
ground upon which they tan be counted in
favor of the contestant or against the sitting
member.
There was some evidence, also, before the
committee having some tendency to show there
was some unfairness on the part of these regis-
tering officers. They did in some instances
reject persons who offered themselves for regis-
tration, on the ground, and the sole ground,
that their names were found upon what was
termed the "sympathizing list," made by the
military authorities during the disturbed times
in the State of Missouri. Under an order of
General Schofield a list was made of ''sympa-
thizers'' throughout the State of Missouri, and
there was also a military tax bill made out
assessing a tax on all persons deemed dis-
loyal. There is some evidence tending to
show these registrars regarded the finding of
a man's name upon their lists as evidence that
lie was not a loyal man and not qualified to be
registered.
These decisions, of course, regarding that
as conclusive—as preventing a man from
coming in and showing that he was a loyal
man notwithstanding—were clearly erroneous,
but because they rejected a man upon insuffi-
cient evidence the committee did not think
that they should, in the absence of any evi-
dence on the subject, say that a man's vote
ought to be counted.
But more than this. There is the game
difficulty in relation to this class of evidence
about unfairness on the part of the registering
officers as there is in reference to that as to
the character and qualifications of those per-
sons on the rejected list; it is entirely vague,
entirely uncertain, entirely doubtful to what
extent, or whether to any considerable extent,
this prevented any number of persons from
voting who ought to have been flowed to
vote.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that I have fully
explained all the facts that have appeared in
the report and made such comments on them
as I deem necessary. I now move, as I
believe has been usual here, that the contest-
ant, Judge Birch, be allowed to address the
House, under the rules of the House, in bis
own behalf. . !
The motion was agreed to. •
Mr. BIRCH, (contestant.) I will proceed,
under the courtesy which has been extended
to me by the House, to address myself at once
to the great questions that are involved in the
report that has been made by the Committee
of Elections in this case ; and as I shall not
put it upon the ground first remarked upon by
the distinguished author of the report, but
upon the broader general grounds upon which
he concluded his remarks, I will not even
pause to correct a mistake, unintentional, of
course, in the report of the committee. I will
only say that if reference had been made to
page 24 of the testimony it would have been
seen that I ought to have had counted, of ac-
cepted votes, 108 more, increasing my majority
10(5 votes in the county of the contestee him-
self. I repeat, however, that I will not pause
to remark upon that at all, intending to base
my claim upon the broader ground to which
the fair-minded author of the report alluded
toward the conclusion of his remarks.
I make no apology for appearing thus a sec-
ond time a contestant at your bar instead of
a member of your House. I made none four
years ago, when coming here upon a record
that was never finally acted upon, but which
: upon various preliminary motions propitiated
for it a recognition and support not limited to
the party with which I then acted and yet act,
and as the record upon which I am permitted
to speak to-day involves not only the same
great principles, but is a far stronger one, I
have, of course, no fear but that you will again
" hear me for my cause."
It is the cause, sir, of an upright, a noble,
and an outraged constituency; and in respect-
ful recognition of the discriminating intelligence
upon which alone I can hope for a discriminat-
ing adjudication of their controversy, the read-
ing of such depositions as have relation to the
educational antecedents of the thousands who
did not attempt either to register or to vote
in the election here in contest—and who are
hence parties to it in its constitutional sense
alone—will constitute my first duty. Many of
these were citizens of the first consideration and
intelligence; the rest, in the language of the
testimony, "good average people," whoeither
acted upon the mistaken theories of their
political education in going into arms against
the Federal authority, or by furnishing such
"aid and comfort" to its adversaries as was
treasonable upon my political theories, but the
exact reverse upon theirs. Desiring merely
that this large class of non-registering and
non-voting citizens may not be improperly con-
founded, on the one hand, with the totally dif-
ferent class who did register and vote, either as
accepted or rejected voters ; and, on the other
hand, that their past and present conduct may
be appreciated in the light of official history,
I will read first from the deposition of James
M. Riley, who testifies, mainly, as to the effect
of certain military orders, of which he was an
official administrator, and ^ch we will come
to by and by, and then proceeds on page 52,
as follows:
"I have been further requested, in this connection,
to verify from the printed journal of the House of
Representatives, of the 16th of May, 1861, the pre-
amble and resolutions which were unanimously
adopted and sent forth by that body, for the purpose
ot inciting the people to take up arms under the
then Governor of this State,in opposition to the Gov-
ernment of the United States. They are recorded on
pages 73 and 74 of said journal, and are as follows,
to wit: . .
Whereas wo have learned with astonishment aou
indignation that troops in the service of the Federal
Government have surrounded and taken prisonersof
war the encampment of State militia lately assem-
bled near the city ol St. Louis, in pursuance of law
and by command of the Governor, lor the purpose
alone of military instruction; and whereas the United
States troops aforesaid, assisted by a mob armed
under Federal authority, have also murdered with
unparalleled atrocity dctenseless men, women, and '
children, citizens ol Jlissouii, lawfully and peace-
fully assembled: Now, therefore,
'"Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the
Senate concurring therein,) That we, the represent-
atives ot thepeople of Missouri, in General Assembly
convened, do hereby protest to the civilized world,
and especially our sister States, against this illegal,
unchristian, and inhuman violation of our rights by
the capture of our militia, assembled under the Con-
stitution of the United States and the constitution
of this State, and the murder of our defenseless
people.
'"Resolved 2. That while Missouri has been loyal
to the Government, struggling tor its reconstruction,
and is now sincerely desirous ot an honorable adjust-
ment of existing dithculties, she has received as re-
ward for her fidelity, trom persons assuming to act
under Federal authority, unparalleled insults and
wrong. An armed despotism, under infuriated par-
tisan leaders, has been inaugurated iu our inidst,
controlled by no law but passion, and actuated by
the deepest hate against the people of Missouri and
their institutions. Our railroads are nowunderimli-
tary occupation. The steamboat C.E. Hillman, en-
gaged in transporting goodslrom the city ot St. Louis
to the city of Nafhville, has been seized by Govern-
ment troops within the jurisdiction ot this State and
the cargo taken out. The capital ot the State is
openly threatened with capture, and our session is
now being heldin the midst of armed citizens hastily
assembled lor defense.
" ' Resolved 3. That it is the unquestioned constitu-
tional right of the State to arm, equip, and organize
her militia. lor defense against aggression irorn any
quarter, and the attempt ot Captain Lyon, acting, as
he says, under authonty from Washington, to use
the exercise ot this right as an excuse lor his con-
duct, evinces but too clearly a disposition upon the
part of the authorities at Washington to disregard
and trample upon the sacred rights of the people of
Missouri. . ^
"' Resolved i. That the charge of Captain Lyon, in
his letter to General Frost, that the proceedings of
the State authorities, or of this General Assembly,
at any time, furnished a pretext for the course pur-
sued by him is entirely gratuitous and false.
" Resolved 5. That the Governor of this State is
hereby directed to make demand of the President of
the United States whether these outrages have been
authorized by the Goveinment, and for the immedi-
ate return of the arms, camp equipage, and other
property belonging to this State, lately taken from
our military near St. Louis, aud for the unconditional
release of our State troops.
"'Resolved 6. That the Governor is also requested
to take instant action by calling forth the militia of
the State for the purpose of defense, and that the
people of Missouri should rally as ono man toperish,
if necessary, in defending their constitutional rights.
"'Resolved 7. That the Governor be requesled to
furnish a copy of the foregoing preamble and resolu-
tions to the President of the United States and to the
Governor ot each ot the States.'
"As already stated, these resolutions were adopted
without a dissenting voice of the members present,
among whom was the then representative from this
county, a Union man, (since and now a ltadical,) but
acting then upon the political incentives and social
sympathies which were almost unanimous in this sec-
tion of the State, and which were but naturally re-
sponded to by great numbers in going into arms for
what was thus officially aud unanimously represented
to them as the defense of their "constitutional rights.'
Of the men who obeyed this and similar ineitations
by goingiuto arms, or otheiwise giving' aid andcom-
tort to the enemy,' I am not aware of any that ap-
plied to register or vote at the last election. My
recollection is that they were specifically dissuaded
from doing so, not only in the published addresses
of the Conservative State committee, but by the
speakers and candidates of the Conservative party;
and it there was cust at the last election in this county,
either on the accepted or rejected list, a vote that
should have been rejected for disloyalty, either my
own views of loyalty are erroneous or the name has
not been mentioned iu my presence."
I have read, Mr. Speaker, and liold in my
hand the official journal to verify, if need were,
this exemplification of the unanimous official
incitation of the House ot Representatives of
my State—of which thousands of copies were
ordered to be printed and circulated among
the people, and which I had everywhere to con-
front when addressing them in opposition to
theories thus speciously indorsed and promul-
gated. It is, perhaps, pardonable to add, sir,
that it was no holiday service, but that, on the
eontrary, I met with many who had been ac-
customed to listen to me with consideration
and courtesy upon previous political issues, who
seemed quite earnestly impressed that I ought
not to be listened to in opposition (as it was
argued) to the unanimous legislative iucitation
of my State. It will suffice to add that great
numbers went into arms openly, in opposition
to all that could be essayed to the contrary
by those who had at the time u<S sufficient
