1776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 10
whom was referred the resolution offered by the
Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony] in
relation to admissions to the Senate galleries
during the trial of the impeachment of Andrew
Johnson, have had the same under considera-
tion, and have instructed me to make a report
thereon. The report which I send to the Chair
is intended as a substitute for the original reso-
lution referred to the select committee, and for
convenience sake I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to act upon it at this time. I think it ought
to be acted upon now, as there is a necessity
that it should be done.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution. The amend-
ment of the committee was to strike out all of
the originalresolution after the word '' ordered''
and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
That during the trial of the impeaohmont now
ponding no persons besides those who have tho priv-
ilege of tho floor and clerks of the standing commit-
tees of the Senate shall bo admitted to that portion
of the Capitol sot apart for the usg of the Senato and
its ©ffioers, except upon tickets to be issued by tho
Sergeant-at-Arms.
The number of ticket shall not exceed ono thou-
sand.
Tickets shall be numbered and dated, and be good
only for tlie.day on which they are dated.
The portion of tho gallery sot apart for the dip-
lomatic corps shall be exclusively appropriated to
it, and forty tickets of admission thereto shall bo
issued to tho Baron Geiolt for the foreign legations.
Four tickets shall bo issued to each Senator: four
tickets each to thoChicf Justice of tho United States
and tho Speaker of the House of ltoprescntativcs;
two tickets to each member of the iiouso of ltepre-
sentatives; two tickets caeh to tho associate justices
of tho Supreme Court of the United States; two
tickets each to the chief justico and associate justices
of the supremo court of the District of Columbia;
two tickets to the chief justico and each judge of tho
Court of Claims; two tickets to each Cabinet officer;
two tiokets to tho General commanding tho Army;
ono ticket each to tho mayors of AVashington and
Georgetown; ono ticket to tho secretary of the
Smithsonian Institution; one tioket to each of the
following persons: the Quartermaster General, tho
Commissary General of Subsistence, tho Surgeon
General, tho Paymaster Uoneial, tho Judge Advo-
cateGeneral, each of the admirals of tho Navy, each
clergyman having chargeof a church in Washington
or Georgetown; twenty tickets to tho Privato Sec-
retary of tho President of the United States for the
use of tho President, and sixty tickets shall bo issued
by tho President pro tempore of the Senate to tho re-
porters of the press. The residue of the tickets to be
issued shallbe distributed among tliemcmber? of tho
Senato in proportion to the representation of thoir
respective States in the House of ltepresentativcs.
Mr. COLE. I do not see that the committee
have provided any portion of tho galleries for
the public. I should think it essential that
some portion of the galleries, no matter how
small, if only one section, should bo left open
to the public absolutely. I think that is the
only objection which can be made to the re-
port of the committee. I think the committee
might, for example, have appropriated three
sides and a half of the fourth side of the gal-
leries in the manner proposed to bo used
by those holding tickets, leaving the remain-
der to be open to the public generally. I
am certainly very much in favor of appropri-
ating some small'portion of the galleries to the
public, if you please, to bo scrambled for, in
order that it may have the appearance of being
entirely public. Of course but a small portion
of the public can be accommodated; but, for
the look of the thing, I think some portion of
the galleries, no matter how small, should be
left open absolutely, even to be scrambled for.
Mr. WILLEY. I doubt the propriety of
any action whatever with regard to the matter.
I seems to me that any proposition of the kind
is invidious, and wiil very probably lead to dis-
satisfaction. It would be very agreeable to
me to have tho privilege of accommodating
two or three of my friends who will be attracted
to the capital from abroad by the interesting
occasion. Doubtless it is the same with other
Senators; but we cannot accommodate every-
body ; and I do not know that my family is any
better or is any more entitled to tho use of the
galleries than the family of any one of my con-
stituents. The same remark, I imagine—I
mean no disrespect in saying it—is equally
applicable to every other Senator's on this
floor. To adopt an arrangement by the Sen-
ate to fill the galleries by our especial favorites
and friends, to the exclusion of the public at
large, who are just as much entitled to occupy
them as our friends, it seems to me, is creating
an invidious distinction that will cause dissat-
isfaction, and justly so. The galleries are pub-
lic property. One man in the community who
will behave himself and conform to the order
of the Senate is just as much entitled to a place
in them as another. To place in the hands of
Senators or of a certain selected individual, as
the Sergeant-at-Arms. to say who shall and who
shaH not occupy seats in the galleries, seems,
I repeat, an invidious distinction, which I think
we ought to avoid; and, for myself, I would
rather see no arrangement of the kind whatever
adopted, but all necessary measures adopted
to preserve order, and let who can obtain seats
in the galleries. It seems to me that is the fail-
way and the republican mode.
Mr. POMEROY. Any measure, no doubt,
has its difficulties and objections. In reply to
the Senator from California, I will say that I
would bo very desirous to have some portion
of the galleries open to strangers and every-
body, but the report of the committee is so
drawn that the Senato wing of the building is
to be entirely shut up during the trial except
to the persons entitled to the floor and to those
named in the resolution who are to have tiokets,
tho same as we do on inauguration day. It is
impracticable to admit the public to any por-
tion of the gulleiies unless you admit them to
the Senate wing. You cannot admit them to
the galleries unless they are admitted to the
building, and the report provides for the admis-
sion of all who now have the right to the floor
under our rules and the others who are named.
I suppose the tickets will be printed double,
ono half to be torn off at tho door and the
other half to be retained by the person receiving
it, to show his right to be in the Senate wing of
the Capitol during the trial.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I concur in what has
been said by the Senator from West Virginia
on this subject. 1 differ from the report of
the committee with great deference; but it
appears to mo that the system which they pro-
pose is an injudicious if not an impracticable
one. I, of course, should prefer to have some
place provided for the families and friends of
Senators and Representatives; and I do not
see why some order might not bo made appro-
priating a particular part of the galleries to
such purposes, and allowing the other portions
to be free to the access of all persons. The
people claim that they have the same right to
seats in the galleries as the relatives and friends
of Senators and Representatives have, and
there is no doubt about the correctness of that
claim, althongh it is true that the Senato may,
and perhaps ought, to some extent, to regulate
this matter. I believethat, if these tickets are
distributed among tho Senators and Representa-
tives, as proposed by this report, they will be
subjected to ten times more annoyance by ap-
plications for tickets than they will bo if the
ticket system is not adopted.
Persons can be stationed in the lobbies and
at the doors, and those who come first can
take their seats in the galleries; directions
can be given to such persons where they can
bo seated, so that the galleries may be filled
and made to hold all that can be comfortably
seated in them; and when that time ariives
persons can be informed that there is no fur-
ther room for them in the galleries, and most
people will be satisfied with such information.
But, if tickets are issued by which certain per-
sons are allowed to come into the Senate wing
of the Capitol and occupy seats in tho gallery,
there will justly be great dissatisfaction, as it
seems to me, in consequence of such an ar-
rangement. When a person comes to Wash-
ington for the purpose of witnessing this trial,
and no doubt there will be a great many per-
sons who will come here for that purpose, ho
takes his chance as to whether he can obtain
a seat in the gallery or not. If he does not
succeed he has no fault to find with anybody.
The galleries can only hold a certain number
of persons. If he fails he can complain of no
one. But if he is excluded by an arbitrary rule
of the Senate, and this privilege is extended to
a particular class of persons, he will complain,
and, in my opinion, he will have a right to
complain, of that exclusion. I do not see that
opening the galleries to all persons will be
attended with any very great inconvenience if
there will be proper police regulations for the
preservation of peace and order in the Senate
wing of the Capitol and in the galleries. I am
very confident, from the information I have
received, that it will be more trouble to enforce
this arrangement and carry it out, as contem-
plated by the committee, than it would be to.
provide against any evils that might flow from"
allowing the galleries to be open to all per-
sons. I shall vote against this arrangement.
Mr. HOWARD. The committee have had
in view the preservation of order and quietude
in the Chamber during the trial. That has
been the only motive which lias governed them.
They have considered very carefully all the
contingencies connected with the occasion, and
have come to the conclusion to recommend the
adoption of the report which has just been
presented. For my own part, I think it will
be the best means of preserving order and
decorum during the trial. We have had an eye
to the capacity of the Chamber for the accom-
modation of the public. Everybody knows that
our galleries will not accommodate more than
one thousand persons. A greater number than
that cannot be conveniently seated. We have
taken this into consideration.
But, sir, it is said that this is making an in-
vidious distinction between persons who other-
wise would be entitled to the galleries. I think
there is nothing of that kind in it. Some-
body who comes here for the purpose of attend-
ing the trial must be disappointed, because the
galleries will not accommodate the whole num-
ber who may happen to be here for the pur-
pose of hearing the trial. There must be an
exclusion of somebody, and somebody, there-
fore, will naturally complain. The great object
to be attained, however, is decorum, ordeu-
quietude, and regularity during the trial. If we
allow the rule of the mill to prevail, "first
come, first served," it is easy to see that our
galleries may easily be filled by a class of per-
sons whoso presence would pot tend at least to
tlie preservation of order and quietude. Such
persons are always in attendance upon such
occasions ; and we can very easily foresee that
this occasion may attract a great number of
disorderly persons into our galleries. The
committee have discussed the matter at great
length, ami I entirely concur in the report
which they have instructed me to make. I
hope it will be adopted.
Mr. FESSEND15N, I have no doubt that
the committee have come to a wise conclusion.
I do not think we need trouble ourselves very
particularly, because people will get disap-
pointed and will complain. I think it is one of
the great faults of our legislation that we are
afraid somebody will complain if we do right.
That has been the cause of more bad legislation
in this Congress and all the Congresses to which
I have belonged than almost anything else. We
look to see what people will say outside and
whether somebody will not complain, rather
than ask ourselves the question whether the
thing ought to be.
Now, in relation to this matter, I think it is
very wise that we should provide for it in season.
We had the other day an instance illustrating
the necessity of some provision. When this
high court of impeachment was sitting and a
vote on a mere question of order was declared
there was an uproar in the galleries. I think it
is desirable to have the matter so arranged that
the people who attend here should be of a class
who will possess a sense of decency, and who
will understand that there is to be none of that
noise and confusion in the galleries. I do not
know how long that trial will continue; butthe
arrangement that has been made by the com-
mittee will give a chance for a very large num-
ber of people to attend. It is not shutting up
the galleries or shutting up the building. There
are witnesses enough if we have a thousand in
