3824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
rogues and dishonest men who say that our
whisky tax cannot be collected, and that he is
willing, because they say it will not be col-
lected, to have it taken off. That is not ac-
cording to my notions of courage, and I am
sure would not be according to his if he had
reflected. I trust, sir, that we shall not agree
to this amendment. I think, as I said in.the
beginning, it will introduce new and greater
frauds than we have had.
Mr. FO WLER. I have but a single word to
say on this proposition. 1 hope the amend-
ment. now proposed will be adopted. The pro-
duction of brandy from grapes is only a small
interest. As I said the other morning, the
amount of tax collected from that source is
almost nothing. Last year from California it
was only $11,000, and probably will not be
more than half that this year unless the pro-
duction has been increased, and the tax from
that source is collected with a great deal more
care than any other. It really might be stricken
out from the list without any loss whatever,
and perhaps it ought to be done. The only
objection 1 had to that proposition was that it
proposed merely a reduction of the tax on
brandy made from grapes; but as brandies
distilled from other fruits are now connected
with it, I have no objection to it and shall vote
for it. I was right in stating the other morn-
ing that the lax collected in California in 1867
was $11,000 instead of $(>7,000. Sixty-seven
thousand was the amount collected from spirits
made from all kinds of fruits in California.
The §11,000 from grape brandy is so incon-
siderable a sum as to make no item what-
ever.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I voted for
the amendment offered by the Senator from
California to impose one half the amount of
tax upou brandy manufactured from grapes.
I did it with the sole view to encourage that, at
present, infant enterprise existing in the United
States. We all know very well that the grape
culture is becoming every year more and more
important; and the time, I think, is not far
distant when the people of the United States
will be able to manufacture their own brandies
from their own grapes. I think it a very great
interest in itself and one deserving of encour-
agement. Such is the case undoubtedly in
California. Such is the case to a great extent,
and to a far greater extent, doubtless, in the
State of Ohio. The same branch of industry
is now being pursued very rigorously all along
through the lake country from the Mississippi
to tlie State of New York. I voted, therefore,
to reduce the tax upon brandy manufactured
from grapes for that reason.
But 1 cannot go so far as to reduce it upon
all brandies manufactured, whether from grapes
or other fruits, as is contemplated by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky. I do not
think we are in a situation to remit so large a
portion of the tax which we have been in the
liabit of collecting from those articles. I under-
stand from the honorable Senator from Ohio,
the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
that we are now collecting about eight hundred
thousand dollars upon these species of liquors,
sometimes called brandy, sometimes by one
name and sometimes another. I do not think
this would be treating the Government fairly,
and 1 do not think the manufacturers of that
article generally throughout the country require
any such reduction, and I cannot therefore
vote for it.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next excepted amendment was on page
59, section forty-eight, now section fifty, to
in.-ert, after the enacting clause the following
words:
That the Commissioner of Internal lie venue shall
have power, whenever in his judgment the necessi-
ties ot the service may require, to employ competent
person.-, not exceeding fitty in number at any one
time, who-^e term of service shall continue at the
pleasure of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
who shall perform such duties and at such places as
may be required of them by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, at a rate of compensation to be
determined by the said Commissioner before the
commencement of his employment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to amend the
amendment in the second line, by inserting
after the word "revenue" the words "with
the assent of the Secretary of the Treasury;"
so that it will read:
That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, with
the assent of the Secretary of the Treasury, shall
have power, &c.
This leaves the selection of these persons to
the Commissioner of Internal llevenue; but
leaves him subject to a very proper check,
especially as the number of officers is left at
fifty, and it is very questionable whether that
number will be needed. Whenever the Com-
missioner shall lay before the Secretary inform-
ation to warrant the employment of so large a
number, he can doubtless obtain it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senate will
not agree to that. The purpose of this section
is to give the employment of these persons to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and
separate it from politics. The Secretary of the
Treasury must employ collectors, assessors,
and the great volume of officers. These detec-
tives may be employed for a day or for a week,
and there business may be to watch and ascer-
tain whether frauds are committed by officers
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasurj'.
Cases may arise where it would be very impol-
itic to require the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, in the employment of a mere detec-
tive for a temporary occasion, to consult any
one. He may not wish to disclose his purpose
to any mortal man. I think, therefore, the
whole matter should be left to him. It is a
very small power at any rate, less power than
is exercised by a master mason or a master
joiner at any of our navy-vards. I think it had
better be left to the Commissioner.
Mr. POMEItOY. I think the responsibility
of collecting this revenue should fall upon some
one person. If you allow the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue to name these personsand
the Secretary to approve them, there will be
a division of responsibility and no one held
responsible. I think there has been a diffi-
culty all the year past, and perhaps more in
this way : we held the Commissioner of the
Internal Revenue to collecting the revenue;
yet he could not appoint a man ; ho could not
appoint a clerk; he could not turn out one.
He had not as much power as the chief clerk ;
and yet we held him to that responsibility.
Under the old law he could do nothing except
in concurrence with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and if they did not concur nothing was
done, I was glad to see this provision in the
bill.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator does not
understand my amendment obviously. This
amendment does not require that the person
selected shall be approved by the Secretary.
Mr. POMEROY. But it requires that no-
body can be approved of unless selected by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The amendment is this:
that the assent of the Secretary to the employ-
ment of persons by the Commissioner, shall be
required. The maximum number is fifty.
Whenever the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue shall obtain permission of the Secretary
to employ ten, twenty-five, thirty, forty, or fifty,
he can employ them up to fifty. The Sec-
retary is not to approve the persons selected.
That is left to the Commissioner. Instead of
moving an amendment cutting this number
down to twenty or thirty, which I proposed
doing in the first instance, I thought I would
leave it all open, that the number might be fixed
by the Secretary of the Treasury upon the appli-
cation of the Commissioner; but, of course,
the persons will be selected by the Commis-
sioner himself. I thought it better to put my
amendment in this form than to reduce the
number to twenty or thirty, which might not
possibly be enough.
Mr. POMEROY. The same effect is pro-
duced. If the question whether any shall be
employed or not depends upon the concurrence
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and if he
does not choose to concur with the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, then none arc
employed. I would rather leave it as it is now
in the bill than leave it in that way.
The amendment to the amendment was
rcnected
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in
The next excepted amendment was on page
26, section nineteen, now section twenty, line
seven, to insert after the word '• ascertained"
the words:
By reckoning not less than twelve quarts of proof
spirits for every bushel of erain used, nor less than
seven tenths of one proof gallon of spirits for every
gallon of molasses used.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in this amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. McCREERY. I have given notice of
the amendments that I desire to offer, and as
there are several of them, I shall claim the
indulgence of the Senate until they dispose of
the several amendments that I have marked out,
and I would ask the attention of the Senate for
two or three reasons. One i% I have occupied
very little time, and trespassed very little upon
their attention since I have been here. An-
other reason is, that my State has probably as
much, or more, interest in this liquor and
tobacco law than almost any other State in the
Union. I move to strike out the following
passage on page 16, commencing at line eleven
and running down to line fourteen :
But. any distiller who shall suspend work, as pro-
vided by this act, shall pay only two dollars per day
during the time the work shall bo so suspended in
his distillery.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senator from Kentucky that
the question now is on concurring in the differ-
ent amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole, and the list is not yet exhausted.
Therefore, the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Kentucky is not in order. An
amendment to this pending amendment would
be in order, but hot an amendment to another
part of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN, (to Mr. McCreery.)
Have you any objection to this amendment?
Mr. McCREERY. I have an objection to
the amendment of the committee on page 26.
I move to strike out the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is
equivalent to the pending question.
Mr. McCREERY. 1 only ask one thing,
and that is, that I may be informed when it
will be in order to offer my amendments?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senator with pleasure. The
question now is on concurring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole,
which has been read.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky has any objection to this amendment, it
should be made now; now is the tune. If it is
adopted now, it cannot be reconsidered. The
words that are inserted in this section were
prepared by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and are in the main copied from the
existing law. It is only a mode of ascertaining
the amount of spirits distilled. That will be
ascertained according to this method "by
reckoning not less than twelve quarts of proof
spirits for every bushel of grain used"—they
make a little more than that—" nor less than
seven tenths of one proof gallon of spirits for
every gallon of molasses used."
Mr. JOHNSON, (to Mr. McCreery."! Do
you propose to strike those words out?
Mr. McCREERY. I propose to strike out
those words.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. McCREERY. 1 am opposed to agree-
ing to this amendment, and I desire to submit
a very few remarks to explain the ground of
