isea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1777
the galleries evei^ day, and that thousand
changing every day, as it probably will if the
tickets are changed, because they will not be
given to the same persons, I presume, on two
or three successive days. I think a thousand
witnesses every day will be enough to notify the
country whether we conduct our proceedings
fairly, and especially when you add to that the
minute reports that go out in the Globe of
everything we do.
As has been said by the honorable chairman,
the first thing to do, in my judgment, is to pre-
set ve order, and, with the immense floating
population that is about here and will come
hei-e, 1 think it is wise that we should take some
steps to have order preserved. The great thing
to be done in this trial that is coming on, in my
judgment, is that it should be conducted de-
cently and properly, and not particularly for
the amusement or the indulgence of the curi-
osity of people who are not concerned in it—
the people are all concerned in it to a certain
degree, hut I speak now of those who take no
part in the proceedings. I believe that on an
occasion of so much interest, with so large a
number of people as we must necessarily have
present, the only way in which we can get
along with tliat propriety and that regard to
appearance and decency which is becoming the
thing we are to do is by making arrangements
in season for the preservation of order, which,
in my judgment, can only be made in the way
that is proposed. Without some such arrange-
ment i have no doubt that the Capitol and all
the avenues that lead to it will be thronged
continually with people who have nothing else
to do, and who will come here day after day,
crowd into the galleries, and exclude a great
portion of those who ought to have a fair
chance to get there. Tliis arrangement of
tickets affords the best opportunity that I know
of for making the attendance as extensive as
possible and yet preserving order and regular-
ity, and 1 hope it will be adopted. I approve
of the disposition that has been made of the
subject by the committee.
-Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the
order by striking out "one thousand" and
inserting "nine hundred." 1 make this motion
because I understand the capacity of the gallery
is nine hundred without reckoning the steps in
the aisles. 1 think it is absolutely indispen-
sable to the preservation of order that the steps
should be kept clear. If the steps are all occu-
pied no person can go out unless some one
rises from eveiy step to make way for him,
and that will make a continual noise and con-
fusion. But more than that: if there is any
disturbance in the gallery there is no way in
which the officers can reach the offenders if
the steps are obstiucted. It is necessary, if
there is the least noise, that the oflicer should
be able to go quickly and quietly down the
steps, and lie can reach almost to any seat that
may be occupied; but if the steps are encum-
beied we shall be certain to have confusion.
If 1 am mistaken about the capacity of the
gallery I will not press the motion; but I under-
stand the gallery will hold nine hundred com-
fortably seated, and no more, and that the extra
one hundred are to be crowded on the steps.
Mr. THAYER. I am glad the Senator from
Maine has called the attention of the Senate
to a demonstration which took place here last
Friday. On a mere question of order—it was
nothing which indicated anything either for or
against any one's conviction or feelings—there
was a demonstration of applause; and yester-
day, on a remark by the Senator from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Coxxess,] which I did not hear,
there was a demonstration of applause again.
I say 1 am glad that that incident of last Fri-
dav has been referred to, for it is discreditable,
and 1, for one, want all those who attend here
in the galleries, whether they be the friends or
enemies of Congress, the iriends or enemies
of the President.—I care not on what side they
are—to understand that such things will not
be permitted. They are most reprehensible;
and I agree with the Senator from Rhode
Island in expressing the opinion that such
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 112.
arrangements should be adopted that any one,
no matter what the occasion may be, who man-
ifests applause or disapproval shall be at once
removed from the gallery and excluded from
it. It seems to have become absolutely neces-
sary that measures of this sort should be
adopted to stop such demonstrations. I re-
peat, no matter from whom they come or on
what side they are, they are most reprehensi-
ble.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the committee who made this
report upon what theory it is that chiefs of
bureaus in the War Department and the chiefs
of no other bureaus in any one of the Depart-
ments are to be admitted? Why is it that the
Paymaster General and the Surgeon General
are to be admitted and the Treasurer of the
United States, for example, is to be excluded ?
Mr. HOWARD. There must be a limit drawn
somewhere; somebody must necessarily be
excluded.
Mr. CONNESS. It will be very easy to give
that officer a ticket.
Mr. HOWARD. That officer can get a ticket
at the hands of the honorable Senator, I dare
say, if he should apply for it.
Mr. GRIMES. I doubt that very much. I
confess I cannot conceive of any scheme cal-
culated to give the members of the Senate
more annoyance than the one which is now
proposed, for I think I have had at least two
hundred applications for tickets already; and
I expect to see this mob, instead of being
assembled around-the doors of the Capitol,
assembled around the lodgings of Senators
imploring them for tickets to be admitted to
this body. I think no scheme could be devised
calculated to give us more annoyance or create
more heart-burnings than that which is pro-
posed by the committee. I say it with all def-
erence to the committee. Here are singled
out certain men in the Government of the
United States, certain bureaus in one partic-
ular Department are selected, to whom these
tickets are to be issued. It does not answer
to say that an individual Senator can give the
heads of other bureaus or assistant secretaries
a ticket. These particular bureau officers are
distinguished above others, selected and set
apart by the Senate of the United States, pre-
ferred over the heads of other officers'.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That language can be
stricken out. Move to amend it by striking out.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not propose to strike
it out. I did not know but what there was
some principle upon which they were selected,
and I wanted to know what it was.
Mr. WILLEY. 1 desire to make another
inquiry. It is hardly possible, I suppose, that
these galleries, if this proposition shall be
passed, filled up at the commencement of the
proceedings by persons who have tickets,
will remain filled up for three or four hours
during the proceedings of one day. They will
thin out from about an hour after the com-
mencement of the proceedings, and still keep
thinning out during the remainder of the pro-
ceedings. They will thus give way and make
vacancies for others of our fellow-citizens to
take their places, if they have the opportunity.
But according to this arrangement, as I under-
stand it, there eau only be tickets issued to
certain persons for the same day, and when
they retire, leaving seats vacant that might be
filled by some other persons desirous of wit-
nessing the proceedings, the seats are to re-
main vacant, and these persons, anxious to
look on, will be deprived of the privilege, when
in point of fact there is room enough to gratify
them. This will give dissatisfaction. It will
be seen that by the operation of this rule not
only are certain classes of individuals admit-
ted, to the exclusion of other classes equally
worthy, but while those classes excluded are
standing out of doors seats inside may be vacant
that would accommodate them if they were
allowed to enter. It does seem to me that the
practical operation of this whole system of
exclusiveness will operate unjustly and will,
beyond all controversy, give dissatisfaction.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WILLEY. Certainly.
Mr. COCKLING. I am so much struck
with the objection he makes to this that I ask
him whether any suggestion has occurred to
him as a substitute for it?
Mr. WILLEY. I am opposed to the whole
plan entirely; but unless these persons, when
they retire from the Chamber, are at liberty to
give their tickets to some of their friends,-or
unless the doorkeepers placed there are to
receive them and hand them over to the
Sergeant-at-Arms, who may admit another one
for every one who goes out, I see no way of
remedying the evil.
But, Mr. President, the main objection to
the free admission of all those who can get
seats seems to be that disorder must neces-
sarily ensue; that a class of people will occupy
the seats in the galleries who will not have
proper respect for the occasion and will be
guilty of disorder. I think that may be reme-
died by multiplying our police and taking
proper precautions to preserve order in the
galleries. The objection itself, I think, is in-
vidious. It is a reflection, to some extent,
upon the good order of our people and upon
their sense of propriety. But. if it is well
taken, I think any evil effects from the sup-
posed disorder that may ensue might be pre-
vented and obviated by police arrangements
to preserve order in the galleries. I hope,
sir, that the whole proposition will be voted
down. It will assuredly give dissatisfaction,
and I doubt very much whether it will lead to
any greater order in the galleries than would
ensue if they were open to the public at large,
free to any one to occupy them who can pro-
cure a seat by his own industry and persever-
ance.
Mr. DRAKE. The seventh rule adopted
for the government of the Senate when sitting
on the trial of an impeachment requires the
Presiding Officer of the Senate to direct all
necessary preparations in the Senate Chamber,
i would inquire of the President of the Senate
whether any change is to be made in the seat-
ing ol Senators during the trial.
The PRESIDENT1 pro tempore. The Pre-
siding Officer has given directions to the Ser-
geant-at-Arms to prepare the Senate Cham-
ber for the trial in the best and most convenient
manner that he can for the Senate, the House
of Representatives, and the President of the
United States and his counsel; but in what
particular manner he will prepare it the Chair
is not informed.
Mr. DRAKE. I make the inquiry because
it is a very important thing in reference to the
very question that is now up. A paper was
circulated among Senators the other day, and
signed by a great many of them, by myself
among others, requesting that the Senators
should retain their accustomed seats during
the progress of the trial. If that arrangement
is made, then I wish to suggest to the consid-
eration of Senators that it will be absolutely
indispensable to our hearing the evidence as
it is given by witnesses, and particularly to my
hearing it, (^because I believe in reference to
the transmission of sound I have the worst
seat in the Senate Chamber,) that perfect quiet
should prevail in the Senate Chamber. Other-
wise we can never hear the testimony of wit-
nesses at all. It is quite in vain for us to expect
perfect quiet in the galleries if they are to be
the subject every day of a rush to get seats
there, and we are to be interrupted, as we were
the other day, by applause in the gallery, the
significance of which we cannot perhaps un-
derstand at the moment, but the interruption
and confusion produced by which we can very
well understand.
But, sir, there is another consideration
which seems to me to be one which Senators
should be very careful to look to. We are
coming now to a season of the year when the
weather is likely to be warm, and when, to
have these galleries filled every day, and the
floor filled with Representatives and others
