1868.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
constitution, was to be required of all persons
voting upon it.
By one of the clauses of this new oath every
applicant tor registration as a voter has to swear
that he has never, "with a view to avoid enroll-
ment in the militia of this State, or to escape the
performance of duty therein, or for any other
purpose, enrolled himself or authorized himself
to be enrolled by or before any officer as disloyal
or as a southern sympathizer, or in any other
terms indicating his disaffection to the Govern-
ment of the United States in its contest with
rebellion;"' and to this it need only be added
in this connection, (subject to the testimony to
be presently referred to,) that the voters who j
took this oath, but who were nevertheless
rejected as voters upon a simple inspection of
the military enrollments of 1862, which are '
proven to have been made up, " as a general
rule," upon principles alike at variance with
justice and with true "loyalty," by an officer
who had "no discretion" left to him; and
that " every man, who had at any time sympa-
thized with the people in rebellion," (as they
had all been taught to do,) or "whose sympa-
thies were" even " regarded as being with the
South," was entered on the so-called disloyal
list; although protesting his loyalty to the Gov-
ernment of the United States." Respectfully
repeating the hope that these fundamental offi-
cial facts may not even inadvertently be lost
sight of by the Hou">->. my next reference will
be to a previous portion of the deposition of
Colonel Kiley, to be followed with that of Cap-
tain Ferguson, as to the class or status of the
men who were forced upon this "so-called dis-
loyal list," and which was not only made the
basis of the registerial enrollment in the elec-
tion here in controversy, but against the show-
ing of which, as may as well here be quoted ,
from the testimony, the registering officers j
"would hear no testimony." !
At pages 51 and 52 Colonel Riley testifies as
follows:
"I have resided in the town of Plattsburg, Mis-
souri, from my infancy, and am in my twenty-ninth
year of age. I am a lawyer by profession, and hav-
ing been variously connected with the State mili-
tary service during the late rebellion, I have been
requested to condense the import and effect of the
various military orders for the enrollment of the
State militia, including thepolitical consequences as
resulting from what is termed the oath of loyalty in
the new constitution.
"The first general order for an enrollment of tfie
State militia was numbered 19, and was issued on
the 21st of July, 1862. It recited the necessity for
such enrollment and organization, with a view to
arrest and prevent robberies, murders, and lawless-
ness of bushwhackers and other marauders; and as
it made no distinction between citizens of different
political sympathies, a public meeting was immedi-
ately called and held in the court-house, at which it
was resolved without dissent, upon the motion of
Judge Birch, that the call for said enrollment would
be promptly responded to by all the men of this
eounty subject to military duty. Within a few days
a large company, comprising citizens of all shades of
political opinion, formed into a company and com-
pleted their organization by electing officers alike
diverse in their opinions or political sympathies,
and the work appeared to be similarly proceeding in
other parts of the county, when a subsequent order,
dated on the 28th of July, and numbered twenty-
three, left it at the option of persons who preferred
to contribute money rather than personal service in
the militia, to do so. There were many who preferred
to pay the exemption fee, which was fixed at ten
dollars, and was to be used as a fund for defraying
the expense of the militia who were called into active
service. Some did thus obtain exemption, and
others were preparing to do so, when an entire new
turn was given to the whole matter of military enroll-
ment and organization by the appearance of Order
No. 24. J-his order, which was issued on the 4th of
August, 1862, revoked Order No. 23, and directed an
enrollment to be made of "all the loyal who wore
subject to military duty," for military purposes, and
that all disloyal men and those who had at any
time sympathized with the rebellion" should be
separately enrolled on another list, and not "per-
mitted to do duty in the Missouri militia." In con-
sequence of this last order, together with the others,
the town company that had completed its organisa-
tion, and others that were in process of organization
in other parts of the county, had to be broken up
or modified, inasmuch as those of them who were
regarded as of southern feelings or sympathies were
not permitted to enter the military servico in the
said militia.
" I was myself an enrolling officer, and also an offi-
cer in one of the companies that was organized and
went into active service under Order No. 24. And it
is hence within my personal as well as my official
knowledge that the militia thnsactively engagedhad
to besupplied with horses; and such as were needed i
by the men who had ione were taken from the men
who were not permitted to enroll with us for active
service—such being the result of tho order under
which we went into active service.
" It is within my knowledge that many who were
thus refused, or not permitted to enroll in themilitia,
and who were consequently enrolled on what was
called the sympathizing or disloyal list, were rejected
as voters during the periodof last year's registration,
and for no other reason that I am aware of than that
their names were found upon the list aforesaid.
Quite a number of these Ihave a sufficiently intimate
acquaintance with to form tho opinion that they were
as loyal eitizens as I am myself admitted to have
been. They so far differedwith mo in respect to what
came to be termed their sympathies, or in tho ex-
pression of them, as to be refused permission to act
as militiamen; but I regarded such sympathies, with
persons of their nativity or associations, as being but
natural and not at all disloyal."
Deferentially relying that, with the patient
attention of the House, it will find me making
the necessary legal connections at the proper
time, I will next read from the testimony of
Captain Ferguson, in corroboration of that of
Colonel Riley, as follows:
"I have read that portion of the deposition of
Colonel Riley (thisday given in the contested-elecLion
case of Birch vs. Van Horn) which relates to the
enrollment and organization of what he styles the
Plattsburg company, under General Order No. 19, and
concur in the general correctness of his statements.
I was elected captain of said company and marched
with it (ujider orders) to Cameron, a distance of
eighteen or twenty miles, to join with others in pur-
suit of the rebel Colouol Poindexter; but when wo
reached Cameron, it was found that there was enough
without us, and we were permitted to return home.
A few days after this Order No. 24 was issued and
promulgated, and as my command contained quite a
number of men Whose sympathies, as they were
termed, were supposed to be southern, it had to be
broken ap or modified, as stated by Colonel Biley.
"I was also present at Cameron a few days after-
ward, when a company similarly organized, under
the command of Captain (afterwardColonel) Parrott,
was dissolved, or rather some fifteen or sixteen men
were dismissed from it on account of their alleged
sympathies. I was not regarded as having such
sympathies, became subsequently the assessor and
sheriff of the county, and have always been allowed
my vote."
May it not be appropriately suggested at this
point, that by recurring to the testimony of
lliley as to the similar breaking up of other com-
panies that were in process of organization in
other parts of the county, and by accepting
the statement of Ferguson as to the number of
fighting "sympathizers" who were thus driven
from his company, and that of Captain Parrott,
as the probable average of the district, the
aggregate will be found to so nearly correspond
with the aggregate of the rejected votes which
were so conscientiously sworn into the ballot-
boxes for me, as to justify the conclusion that,
under the "general rule" which is recited by
the enrolling officers, the men who had armed
and marched and bivouacked in pursuit ot
Poindexter, were to that extent schemingly
and cruelly driven from the defense of your
standards and transferred to the "so-called
disloyal list of southern sympathizers?"
How came all this to pass, Mr. Speaker?
The testimony of Vigiini, at page 8, forecasts
alike the prooess and the wrong, as follows:
" Question. What offiee did you hold during the late
rebellion, and what duties did you perform under
General Schofield's Order No. 24?
"Answer. I was one of the justices of the county
court of Clinton county, and was provost marshal
of said county. In connection with the latter office
I had the duty assigned me by Lieutenant Colonel
Swearingen of enrolling the citizens of said county
on what was called the loyal and disloyal lists. On
the loyal list it was my duty to enroll for military
purposes all male citizens between eighteen and
forty-five gears'of age; and on the so-called dis-
loyal list it was my duty to enroll all citizens of
whatsoever ago who had at emu time sympathized with
the people in rebellion. I had no discretion in the
matter, nor had the people. The enrollment of the
county^jras made, therefore, as directed by General
Schofield's Order No. 24 and the explanatory circular
of Brigadier General Hall, dated September 25,1862.
The total number enrolled on the so-called disloyal
list was over six hundred. In the enrollment of the
county, as a general rule, every man whose sympa-
thies wefe" regarded as being with the South was
entered on the so-called disloyal list, although fro-
testing his loyalty to the Government of the United
States,"
The next revelation—may it please the
House—the next revelation in the history of
this forecasting and deliberate political injus-
tice will but naturally be to demonstrate from
the testimony, that the contemned and out-
raged "loyalty" which had been thus enrolled
as disloyal despite its submission to the ordeal
of rebel fire, was, -with equal heartlessness,
under a like systematic and inexorable' 'instruc-
tion" or "rule" refused registration upon the
list of "accepted " voters, and had to register
and to vote as "rejected" voters; and that
your whole practical duty will consist in decid-
ing whether such a registration was just or
unjust, legal or illegal, right or wrong.
j The first testimony I will read upon this point
will be that of Harvey Springer, a friend and
supporter of the contestee, (as every register-
ing officer of the district was supposed to be,)
but one of the few who was not himself a can-
didate on the same ticket with him, and who
had hence no personal reason to either shirk
my subpoena or evade my questions—and it is
but just to add too upright a man to have
done so—and who hence appeared and swore
as follows:
"Question. Were you appointed by the supervisor
of registration for this eounty register for this (Con-
cord) township?
i "Answer. I was.
"Question. Did the supervisor furnish you with a
list of names said to be of men who were said to be
enrolled as disloyal under General Schofield's Order
No. 24 as disloyal persons? If so, what were the
supervisor's instructions, and what were your actions
when said persons came to be registered ?
"Answer. Tho supervisor furnished me a list cer-
tified by him to be a copy of the sympathizing list
of this county, with instructions that all such persons
when they applied for registration should bo put on
tho rejected list, and which was accordingly done.
"Question. Were not the most of the men you
rejected as voters on that list?
"Answer. All the men rejected by me except four
were on that list, and were rejected for that reason.
" QueMion. Did every person who was put on the
rejected list by you take the aath of loyalty presented
by the new constitution ?
"Answer. Every one was required to take the said
; oath of loyalty before he was even put on the rejected
list."
There is a cross-examination of this witness,
aB of several others, which but confirms my
judgment of the forecasting injustice of the
registerial construction which is in issue here—
a construction which was carried into a general
instruction, and which practically and peremp-
torily forbade the right of loyal or accepted
registry to even the sympathizing soldiery of
the district, whose obedience to the call of
the loyal general, now a member of this
i House, [Mr. Loan,] when marshaling a force
J to drive from, the country a daring and popular
! rebel leader, need not be further dwelt upon.
That such men were not disloyal; that on the
contrary their sympathies, as has been so well
sworn to by one of the mustering officers, were
'' but natural to persons of their nativity and
associations;" and that having from first to
last repressed or subordinated these natural
sympathies to the sterner behests of loyal duty—
just as, I may be pardoned for adding, my own
were, and yet are, repressed—the registerial
" rule" under which they were so schemingly
| and so cruelly ostracized, and which will be
I more patiently examined by and by, was so
calculatingly, so deliberately, and so atro-
\ ciously unjust, as of itself to constitute palpable
and sufficient grounds to at least set aside an
election which was held under such a registra-
I tion.
But I have not yet done with the testimony
of the friends of the contestee as to this delib-
erately concerted and deliberately executed
malregistration. By the testimony of Hunt,
at pages 12 and 13, it will be seen that he was
! a member of tie convention which nominated
the contestee, and that he was compelled to
swear, in answer to the searching question of
my attorney, that the members of that conven-
tion (at which the contestee was present)
"expressed themselves that only in the rigid
enforcement of that law could J udge Birch be
beaten," and that "such were the views and
purposes of that convention." No wonder,
Mr. Speaker, that a lawyer as astute and fore-
casting as the cross-examining attorney for
the contestee is conceded to have been should
object (as he did, page 13) to the answering
of the question which drew out such an answer,
combined with such an admission. He, too,
was a representative friend and supporter of
the contestee, and was of course profession-
