3826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
Now, there is no man who knows anything
about distilling whisky by the copper mode
who will say that more than two gallons an
average can be made to the bushel of grain.
That is the average, but it is a high average.
The average by steam is four gallons the bushel.
If this provision read that the copper distill-
eries should be charged for two gallons the
bushel, it would be right; and if in addition
it provided that steam distilleries should be
charged for four gallons per bushel that would
be right. I tell the honorable Senator from
Oregon, and also the honorable Senator from
Ohio, the chairman of the committee, that it
is as easy to make a product of four gallons
by the steam mode of distillation as it is to
make two gallons by the copper mode of dis-
tillation. The whisky ceases to run at a cer-
tain degree of strength in the copper mode;
and everything that is left after that degree of
strength has been reached goes into slop and
is fed to stock hogs and cattle and mules.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I inquire of the Senator
if that slop is not much more valuable than
the slop of steam distillation.
Mr. DAVIS. It is something more valu-
able, but nothing like in the proportion in which
this provision operates to the detriment of
copper distilled whisky. You cannot possibly
make three gallons average by the copper
mode. The highest average, taking the whole
whisky season, is two gallons lor that mode.
1 would make this suggestion to the honor-
able gentlemen: much the larger amount of
whisky that is made is by the steam mode,
because more gallons are produced by that
mode ; and in making the product in this
amendment less than four gallons there is a
serious injury done to the Treasury, because
the product is fourgallons the bushel average.
That is a high average, I admit; but to put
the average at three gallons would be too low.
This mode, then, of ascertaining the true
quantity of grain that is distilled is delusive
and defective in (hat respect in relation to the
steam mode, and it is equally incorrect and
inaccurate in relation to the copper distilled
mode, because it gives an average that is one
half more than the real average. If the com-
mittee insist on adhering to this feature ot the
bill I think they ought to reduce the product
as to copper distilleries to two gallons, and
they ought to raise it as to steam distilleries to
four gallons per bushel, which would be about
right, and the real product of these two modes
of distillation.
Mr. McCREERY. I have but a single re-
mark to make. 1 desire that Senators shall
vote understandingly on this question. The
adoption of this provision establishes a tax of
thirty-seven and a half cents a gallon on mean
whisky, and a tax of seventy-live cents a gallon
on good whisky. That is the precise operation
of this amendment proposed by the Committee
on Finance, that a gallon of good whisky is to be
taxed seventy-live cents, and a gallon of infe-
rior, mean whisky is to be taxed thirty-seven
and a half cents. As the good whisky is used
for medicinal purposes, as it is an article that
is used in the practice of medicine and tends
to promote the health of the country, 1 do
insist that the Senate of the United States
ought not to discriminate against the good and
force up the mean. If you are going to tax by
the gallon, tax by the gallon. You have said
that you will tax whisky fifty cents on the gal-
lon. Beit so; but do not come in now and
tax the product of a bushel of grain anil say
that three gallons of whisljy shall be made from
it, w hen three gallons of good whisky cannot be
made from it, and when four gallons of mean
whisky may be made and are made from it by
the steam process, as my colleague has told
you, I say that more than two gallons of good
copper distilled whisky cannot be made from
a bushel of corn. Tax by the gallon ; put your
tax at fifty cents a gallon, but do not come
here and say in effect that good whisky shall
be taxed seyenty-five cents a gallon, and mean
whisky thirty-seven and a half cents. I move
to strike out this amendment of the committee.
Mr. BUCK ALB W. The question is on the
adoption of the amendment of the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
question.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If this amendment of
the committee should be rejected, the section
would be left perfect; there would be no im-
perfection in its construction. Then it would
be left to the department of internal revenue to
adopt such rules as it may think proper in
ascertaining the amount. If it thinks proper
to adopt this rule of three gallons to a bushel,
so be it. 1 think it would be very well to leave
the department free handed. There seems to
be controversy about the amount which can be
produced from a bushel of grain, and perhaps
it will depend, as lias already been stated,
upon the process of manufacture. The rule
may be different in different establishments.
I think the best thing is to leave the bill as the
House had it in this respect, to allow the
department by its orders, by its rules, to estab-
lish the mode m which the amount shall be
ascertained. Without this amendment the sec-
tion will read, " and to determine the quan-
tity of spirits thus to be accounted for, the
whole quantity of spirits produced from mate-
rials used shall be ascei tamed" upon some
intelligent and fair mode of computation. Aa
the pioduct may be different in different estab-
lishments, according to the habit of manufac-
ture in different parts of the country, it seems
to me we had better leave it where the House
did, in the discretion of the department itself.
Mr. OATTELL. The statement made by
the Senator from Kentucky in regard to the
amount of whisky produced from a bushel of
grain differs very much from the information
which I have upon that subject. One of the
largest distillers in the city of Philadelphia, and
a distiller of line whisky, informed me not long
ago that the production from his distillery was
lour gallons and a fraction per bushel of grain.
The entire production of his distillery for the
year—and he showed me his books, which
proved his assertion—was for every bushel of
grain four gallons and a small fraction; five
one hundredths, perhaps.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
inform the Senate by what mode his friend
distilled, whether by the copper mode or the
steam mode?
Mr. CAl'TELL. I cannot inform the Sen-
ator by what mode. I am only able to state
this fact, which answers the remark of the other
Senator from Kentucky that it was only mean
whisky which could Lie produced in this quan-
tity, that this gentleman informed me that, very
recently he had sold a thousand barrels of his
whisky in bond at live dollars a gallon. So it
could not have been a very mean whisky !
Mr. McCREERY'. Has the Senator ever
tasted that gentleman's whisky? [Laughter.]
Mr. CATTELL. I believe I have.
Mr. McCREERY. Was it good?
Mr. CAT'TELL. I think it was. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. The distillers of steam whisky
resort to this expedient: they first get the
product of the grain in the form of steam distill-
ation, and for the puipose of giving it some-
thing like a tincture of good whisky they run
it through a long copper pipe ; and I suppose
that was an expedient that the honorable Sen-
ator's friend resorted to.
Air. CATTELL. I have no doubt the dis-
tillation of which I spoke was through copper
stills. I ought to have stated when I was on
the floor before, in answer to the inquiry of the
Senator from Kentucky,[Mr. McCrhery,] that
I had taken this whisky medicinally. 1 forgot
to make that qualification.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senate will
retain this clause, because it is recommended
to us by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue g,s indispensably necessary in furnishing
a rule. It is copied from the old law. and no
complaint has been made of it. The Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue and the special
commissioner, Mr. Wells, thought it had been
omitted by mistake ; and I have no doubt it is
i so. I will say, however, to the Senator from
Kentucky that if on the conference which will
occur in regard to this matter any difficulty
should appear by the introduction of this
clause we can very easily arrange it. My own
impression is that the clause is right now. The
minimum product of a bushel of grain ought
to be fixed by the law, and there is no trouble,
I think, in the rate fixed. It is copied from
the old law, and there seems to have been no
trouble in its application.
Mr. McCREERY. I am in favor of making
a man pay tax according to the number of
gallons he makes. If he makes one gallon,
let him pay fifty cents; if he makes two let
him pay a dollar; but do not say he shall make
so much out of a bushel of corn, and thus
make it to his interest to make the whisky as
mean as possible. Do not let us offer a pre-
mium for mean whisky. Let him pay tax on
what he makes, but do not offer a premium for
mean whisky. Do not let it go forth from this
Hall that if a man will make mean whisky he
shall pay thirty-seven and a half cents a gal-
lon, when if he makes good whisky he must
pay from seventy-five to eighty cents a gallon
tax. Do not let us send that forth as the judg-
ment of the Senate of the United States. If
we discriminate at all let us discriminate in
favor of good whisky, that which a man may
take without hurt to his constitution or his
health, that which physicians may administer
to him and do administer to him in disease.
If we are to discriminate at all let it be in
favor of good whisky, and not say that that
shall be taxed eighty cents a gallon, when mean
whisky shall be let off at thirty-seven and a
half cents a gallon, which is the positive and
direct operation of this provision.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. POMEROY. Now all the amendments
made in committee have been disposed of, and
1 move to amend the bill by striking out " fifty
cents," in line five of section one, and inserting
"two dollars." If it is more desirable to the
friends of the bill I am willing to say $1 90,
because I believe there is about ten cents per
gallon additional tax in other forms : but in
order that we may have the sense of the Sen-
ate I will simply move to strike out "fifty
cents" and insert "two dollars." As the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mop.tox] desires to
address the Senate on this question, I yield the
floor to him.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I have but
a very few words to say in regard to this prop-
osition of the Senator from Kansas. The opin-
ion in favor of reducing the tax on whisky from
two dollars to fifty cents, or some sum there-
abouts, I regard more as the result of a panic
than anything else. 1 have never heard what I
regarded as a good reason assigned for it. It
was put on after considerable discussion, and
I think will now be taken off, for I apprehend
the vote will be that way here—as it has been
in the House, so it will be probably in the
Senate—without any specific reason assigned
j for it beyond this: that you cannot collect a
I tax ol two dollars, because there is such great
1 temptation to commit fraud, but that you can
collect a tax of fifty cents, for the reason ihat
the temptation to fraud is not so great, and
that the manufacturers of whisky will consent
to pay that tax.
Mr. President, the whole thing is narrowed
down to the simple question whether there is
not a sufficient temptation under the reduced
rate for the commission of fraud to induce its
perpetration. Let me remark to you that the
perpetration of frauds upon the revenue is
much easier now than it was two, three, or
four years ago ; that the mode of committing
these frauds is now perfectly understood; has
been reduced, I may say, to a science, and the
whole country, almost, has come to understand
how it is done.
Another thing: those engaged in frauds upon
the revenue have now found out their men,
their officers, their collectors, their assessors,
