2802
THE CONGRESSIONAL #LQtBS'
June 3,
where the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections
are unless the lands are surveyed? .
Mr. POMEROY. You cannot determine it.
Mr. CONNESS. You cannot determine it
in either case.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know but that
the amendment is right; but it seems to me
that under it a person might go into this Ter-
ritory and settle upon the land and make val-
uable improvements, as they do in all new
countries, and when the land is surveyed, if
the man is found to be upon the sixteenth or
thirty-sixth section his land and his improve-
ments are all taken from him ; he is turned
out of doors.
Mr. POMEROY. If he is on the sixteenth
or thirty-sixih section then he settles with the
superintendent or trustees of the schools, who-
everthey may be, as appointed by the Legisla
ture. The Government cannot drive him off.
He must settle with the school interests of his
State.
Mr. CONNESS. He holds it under them.
Mr. POMEROY. And he has the oppor-
tunity of buying it under such regulations as the
State may prescribe after it becomes a State;
but unless this amendment be made he can
hold the sixteenth and thirty-sixth section
against the interest of the schools and in defiance
of the State.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I will suggest one other
amendment. I am sorry to have noticed the
bill so critically. In the second line of the fifth
section I move to strike out the word "inhab-
itant," and insert the word "citizen." As it
now reads every male inhabitant in the new
Territory may vote. In our new Territories
there is a class of inhabitants who are not citi-
zens. I believe the ballot should be in the
hands of citizens. The Chinese are inhabit-
ants, and there may be persons of other nations
there who are inhabitants. I do not believe it
is the intention of Congress to allow inhabit-
ants simply to vote ; but citizens, the American
citizens, whether native-born or naturalized.
It makes no difference to me which they are,
but they should be citizens to have the ballot.
I therefore move to strike out the word 11 inhab-
itant" and insert the word " citizen."
Mr. YATES. There is no objection to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is provided for in
the proviso, I will state to the Senator. It
reads:
Provided. That the right of suffrage and of hold-
ing office shall bo exercised only by citizens of the
United States, &c.
Mr. POMEROY. Then all I have to say is,
the first part of the section is in conflict with
the proviso.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President,
there is a difficulty about that amendment, as
the Senator will see. The first part of the sec-
tion provides that " every male inhabitant of
the United States above the age of twenty one
years'' shall vote. As now amended it declares
that only citizens shall be allowed to vote or
be eligible to hold office in the Territory. That
is the law of Ohio ; but in all the new Terri-
tories, those who have declared their intentions
to become citizens, are allowed to vote and
hold office, and the proviso limits it to persons
who are either citizens or have declared their
intention to become such. I have no objection
in the organization of new Territories, a new
country, to allow the people who go there and
tak« an oath that they intend to become citi-
zens, to participate in the local government.
Mr. POMEROY. I had an amendment
which I intended to offer as soon as the pre-
vious one was adopted, so that the section
should read something like this:
That every citizen of the United States above the
age of twenty-one years, or person who shall have
declared his intention to become a citizen, and who
shall have been a resident of the said Territory at
the time of the passage of this act, shall be entitled
to vote.
After the words "citizenoftheUnited States"
the words " and those who have declared their
intention to become such" should be inserted.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the proviso makes
it so, and it reads better.
Mr, POMEROY. The proviso was in con-
flict with the other portion of the section, and
I wish to make it in harmony.
Mr. NYE. The Senator will find that the
word " inhabitant" is used in seven out of
ten of these territorial forms. It is merely the
vote preliminarily to the organization of the
Territory.
Mr. CONNESS. But you are organizing
now on the Pacific, where there are Chinese.
Mr. TRUMB CJLL. This Territory is not on
the Pacific; it is on this side of the mountains.
Mr. POMEROY. To make the section
complete, in harmony with the proviso, I move
after the word "years" to insert "and persons
who shall have declared their intention to
become citizens of the United States." Then
it will be exactly in harmony with the proviso.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the chairman to a misprint on the
fifteenth page, in the first part of the sixteenth
section. It reads:
That the Constitution and all laws of the United
States which are not locally applicable shall have
the same force and effect, &c.
Mr. YATES. That has been corrected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was not aware of it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to call the attention
of the committee to line forty-four, on page
10, which provides for an appeal from the su-
preme court of this Territory to the Supreme
Court of the United States in all cases " where
the value of the property, or the amount in
controversy, to be ascertained by the oath or
affirmation of either party, or other competent
witness, shall exceed $1,000."
Mr. CONNESS. That is too much.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Too much I I think it is
a lower sum than has heretofore been put in
territorial bills.
Mr. CONNESS. That is what I mean.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think heretofore it was
necessary that the amount should be $2,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the general law;
but in some of these territorial laws I am sure
it has been put at $1,000.
Mr. YATES. It is fixed at $1,000 in sev-
eral of them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not think appeals
from the supreme court of the Territory to
the Supreme Court of the United States ought
to be encouraged. In my opinion, it enables
persons who have money to defeat litigation
by poorer persons.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1059) to relieve certain citizens
of North Carolina of disabilities, reported it
with an amendment.
EIGHT-HOUR LABOR SYSTEM.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take up House
bill No. S05.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the territorial bill
passed ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is, and
the Senator from Indiana moves to take up the
bill mentioned by him, which will be read by
its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Indiana will not ask us to take up any other
bill—?—
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let the
title of the bill be read, so-that the Senate can
understand what it is.
The Chief Clerk read the title of the bill,
as follows:
A bill (H. R. No. 365) constituting eight hours a
day's work for all laborers, workmen, and mechanics
employed by or on behalf of the United States.
Mr, HENDRICKS. On this subject I wish
to say just a word .or two, not to occupy tits
attention of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill for considera-
tion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir. During this
session very many petitions have come from
different parts of the country upon this subject.
Those petitions have been referred, in part at
least, to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
That committee, up to this time, has been
unable to report upon it. Some of the peti-
tions have come from the State of Indiana and
have been presented by myself. Oat of respect
to the sentiment thus coming to us I have felt
it to be my duty to call this bill up as an
important measure. It does not propose to
regulate the number of hours whieh shall con-
stitute a legal day's work except in the employ-
ment of the Government of the United States.
That, sir, we clearly have the right to provide
for.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether it is in order, on a motion to
proceed to the consideration of a bill, to enter
into a debate on its merits. The new rules
expressly declare, in order to save time, that
that shall not be done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rules
so prescribe, to be sure; but it is impossible
for the Chair to say what arguments shall be
made. Each Senator must judge for himself,
remembering that the ruleisintended to restrict
debate upon.ijiing up a bill, and confine him
to such facts and circumstances as he supposes
may be necessary to show that it should or
should not be taken up.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will answer the Sen-
ator from Vermont by saying that I tried to be
within the rule. I was endeavoring to suggest
to the Senate the reasons why I thought this
bill should be taken up and considered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is, because you
thought it was meritorious.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is a very strong
reason, certainly, in favor of taking up a bill;
and when the question shall come before the
Senate whether this bill or some other bill shall
be taken up, a comparison becomes almost
necessary. But I do not care about discussing
that at any length.
It is proper for me to say that petitions have
come to us from almost every State of the
Union on this subject, and they have not
received the attention of the Senate up to this
time. At an early period of the session, among
the first acts passed by the House of Repre-
sentatives, this act was passed ; but it has laid
on the table; it has not even been referred to
a committee. Now, sir, in response and in
respect to the sentiment of the country, so
generally expressed upon this subject, I have
felt it my duty to call the measure up and to
ask the consideration of the bill itself.
I am asked if I intend to move its reference
to a committee. It is proper for me to say that
I do not intend to make that motion. The bill
is very brief, but a few lines, confined in its
operation to the employes of the Government
'of the United States, the laborers of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and proposing
to fix what shall be a day's work in the employ-
ment of the^ Government. That bill can be
considered, in my judgment, without a refer-
ence to a committee. Petitions have gone to
the committees, and of coursc have, to some
extent, been considered by the committees;
but this House bill has not been referred, and
I think it need not be referred. Therefore I
move to take the bill up with a view of putting
it upon its passage.
Mr. CONNESS. I only wish to say, for the
information of the Senator, that a correspond-
ing bill to this, whieh passed the House at a
previous session, was referred by this body to
the Committee on Finance, only, however, by
a majority of one vote. Within one of the
number of the Senate present preferred to pro-
ceed with its consideration. When this bill
came inio the Senate I moved that it go upon
the table, beeause I believed the subject was
