1868.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
3827
their inspectors, their district attorneys. They
know who they are, and that they can rely upon
them. In other words, the machinery for com-
mitting these frauds is all prepared. It has
not to be invented, to be experimented on, and
tried, as it has been, but it now exists ready-
made. Under this law there will be a tempta-
tion to the extent of twenty-five dollars per
barrel to commit fraud; a temptation yet under
this law of twenty-five dollars per barrel, with
the machinery all prepared to hand. The
officers who will engage in the perpetration of
the fraud are known, and the facilities are so
much greater now than they were two or three
years ago that manufacturers can, perhaps,
make more money by frauds with the tax at
fifty cents a gallon than they could two or three
years ago with the tax at two dollars a gallon.
Mr. President, these facts cannot be dis-
puted. Here is a tax of four dollars on the
barrel and fifty cents on the gallon; call it in
round numbers a temptation of twenty-live
dollars on each barrel for the commission of
fraud. Will you tell me that this is not suffi-
cient to induce these men to perpetrate fraud?
The Senator from Nevada stated the whole
truth; it is an appeal to the manufacturers of
whisky to pay some revenue, rather than a
proposition to collect it. But, sir, the appeal
will fail, for the reason that the temptations are
still too strong, and the temptations will over-
come the generosity that is appealed to.
Mr. President,, I do not believe that this rev-
enue will be collected better substantially than
it has been before. That is to say, the temp-
tations to fraud are so great that it will be
perpetrated as heretofore in every part of the
country ; and all we shall gain by this bill will
be in the new machinery that may have been
devised and that would he equally operative
in collecting the tax of two dollars as in col-
lecting a tax of fifty cents.
We are throwing away a dollar and a half
substantially on each gallon of whisky. We
are conceding before the whole world that
this Government has not the skill and the
hnce to collect this tax. It is a concession to
the robbers. It is almost a bargain made with
the robbers. Why, sir, there are some coun-
tries in Europe that less than twenty-five years
nu'O had to make terms with the highwaymen
and banditti that invested the country. There
were certain provinces in Italy that had to do
that. I believe it has been done in Mexico
within the last few years. And, sir, we are
substantially making terms with the whisky
thieves; we are asking them almost in the
language of the Senator from Nevada, !'lIow
much will you consent to pay?" Mr. President,
the principle upon which this bill has been
brought here is wrong; it is shameful; it is
disgraceful; it is a confession of weakness on
our part that we have not the force nor the j
intellectual resources by which this tax can be j
collected. ]
I have heard as an excuse for this, all the :
blame laid on the executive department. While
the executive department is to blame for much
in the appointment of bad officers and the re-
fusal to remove those, perhaps, that have been
convicted of fraud, all the blame does not rest
there. No, sir; the great fault and failure of I
our system has been in the failure to ent'orce j
the criminal laws of this country. If the com- ;
mittee had devoted themselves to the produc- !
tion of a new law by which the criminal laws |
would have been enforced, they would have j
made much more progress in the collection of !
this revenue. As I had occasion to state yes- i
terday, there is now no personal danger com j
nected with the violation of the revenue laws. |
The only penalty is a compromise. The men j
engaged in this business have no horror of i
being disgraced; they do not care very much j
about being exposed, especially when they j
make a great deal of money by it; but there j
is not oue of them who is not opposed to going j
to the penitentiary. I do not care how low j
clown he is, I do not care how mercenary and ;
utterly corrupt, still he has almost as much j
objection to going to the penitentiary as an !
honest man has; but the fear of going to the
penitentiary has been removed ; there has been
no personal danger eonnectod with the viola-
tion of these laws. As I have said before, the
only penalty was a compromise, in which he
always got off by paying less than he would if
he had paid the honest tax in the first place.
So that there has been substantially a premium
offered in favor of committing'frauds, with the
expectation of getting off by a compromise.
Why, Mr. President, there have been two or
three men convicted recently in New York.
It surprised the whole country. It has had a
beneficial effect, too, in this very business.
There has been one convicted at Richmond,
in Virginia, and that has had a good effect.
Mr.'BUGlvALE W. Several have been con-
victed.
Mr. MORTON. If there was one man con-
victed in every State and sent to the peniten-
tiary it would almost stop these frauds and you
could collect the two-dollar tax better than you
can collect this fifty cent tax under the opera-
tion of this bill. If only twenty-five out of the
hundreds of scoundrels that have been engaged
in this business had been tried and convicted
and sent to the penitentiary it would have saved
you from twenty-five to fifty million dollars.
The great failure in the whole business has been
the compromise system. 1 repeat it again ; it
is just as plain as the sun in the heavens. What
explanation can be made?
The learned chairman of the Committee on
Finance 1 know has paid a great deal of atten-
tion to this subject; but how can he explain
the fact that up to this time out of many thou-
sand cases there have been less than twelve
convictions to imprisonment, while hundreds
and thousands of indictments have been found.
1 know they have been found in Illinois, they
have been found in my State, they have been
found in New York; but what has become of
them ? They have all got off the docket in
some way. The spirit of compromise emanat-
ing from the Treasury Department here, from
the Commissioner's department, has gone
abroad until the whole system has been de-
bauched and nearly destroyed.
As I had occasion to say yesterday, there
are perhaps some cases that ought to be com-
promised. I believe that; but as between the
two evils of compromising everythingand com-
promising nothing, I say we had much better
compromise 'toothing. Let us try that awhile.
We have tried the other and have ruined the
system. You intended only to compromise
with a few cases where perhaps it was proper
to do so; you have compromised all. You
have opened a door and the whole body of
criminals have marched out through it. This
bill contains the same door carefully and elab-
orately provided as it was before ; and can any
reason be showu why it will hot have the same
operation?
Mr. Presidenl, T am one of those who be-
lieve that two dollars can be collected as well
as fifty cents on the gallon, and in doing that
wo shall collect almost four times the amount
of revenue that we shall collect under this bill.
We are making a shameful concession of three
fourths of the revenue that we ought to collect
upon whisky.
We are doing it, too. without reason; we are
doing it under a kind of panic. I know just
how it started, and I know the kind of talk by
which it started It started some three months
ago. It was said that the whisky men would
furnish enough money to carry the eleetious
in this country, and that the only way to defeat
that was by reducing the tax on whisky. That
was the beginning of this panic. Now, sir,
they will collect enough money with the tax
at fifty cents, for that purpose, if it can be
accomplished in that way, and as the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] suggests, apply
the balance that they do not have to pay. That
reason is not a good one. Money will not
carry these elections. I have more faith in the
integrity of the people than that. I believe
after all money has but a small share in determ-
ining the result of these great popular move-
ments. But, Mr. President, if it has its share
they will get enough under the present bill to
answer all practical purposes.
Sir, this bill contains a shameful concession,
one that ought to bring the blush upon the
cheek of almost every American Senator; an
acknowledgment to the plunderers of the Gov-
ernment that they have beaten us ; and, in the
language of the Senator from Nevada, we are
now making an appeal to their generosity.
" How much will you give?" as it might have
been said by the prince or governor of a little
Italian principalitytoagangofbanditti, " How
much will you take to let travel go on through
this principality?"
Then, Mr. President, let us look in the
proper direction, let us look to the enforcement
of the laws. You may talk about your meters
and your improved machinery and your walls
around the distillery, and all these numerous
little arrangements that are prepared for in
this and other bills; but what do they all
amount to? As long as the criminals, well
known as they are, walk the streets of every
city in the finest clothes and driving the finest
horses, what do all these petty, miserable,
little arrangements amount to when the crimi-
nal laws are not enforced? Sir, you had better
appropriate $1,000,000 to pay prosecuting
attorneys; you had better appropriate money
and present temptations on the side of officers
to do their duty. You will make more money
in that way than you will by beginning with
a concession of three fourths of the whole
amount of the tax to the thieves and then pre-
sent the same facilities for escape after all that
they have had before.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I had
resolved at one time not to say one word to
endeavor to convince any Senator of the neces-
sity of reducing the tax on whisky. It is a
question that every man can determine for
himself. What I say now is not at all for the
purpose of convincing any one of what is plain
and palpable to everybody, but rather for the
purpose, on account of the remarks of the
Senator from Indiana, of defending the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The Committee of Ways and Means reported
the tax bill at this session to the HouseofRep-
resentatives with the tax on spirits left at two
dollars a gallon. They reported it in that
shape to the House of Representatives, taking
ground, however, that they would not attempt
to fix the rate of tax on whisky, because that
was a question the reasons controlling which
were within the mind of every member of the
House, and so they reported a" bill leaving the
rate to stand as in the existing law. The
House of Representatives, after full debate,
after some five months' consideration, when
the subject was presented in every possible
form, and when various propositions were
made, some to reduce the tax as low as twenty-
five cents, finally fixed the tax: at fifty cents a
gallon and imposed special taxes equivalent t.o
ten cents more. The whole machinery of the'
bill was then made to collect that tax, not a
higher tax, but to conform to the rate fixed by
the House. The bill has come to us. It is true
a proposition was made in the Committee on
Finance to change this rate; the members of
the committee varying in their ideas just about
as the members of the Senate do, some want-
ing it a little more, and some less ; but on the
whole we concluded that if there was to be
any change in the rate of tax that change must
be made by the Senate. I am perfectly willing
that the Senate should take the responsibility,
without any instruction or any information
from the Committee on Finance as to the rate
of tax.
Mr. President, I have heard before of my
friend from Indiana's panacea for all the ills
in the internal revenue system. He would not
compromise with anybody ; he would make an
iron, unbending rule to put everybody in the
penitentiary. 1 should be very willing to give
him a $100,000 of that $1,000,000 he talks
about, and make him prosecuting attorney of
all the persons charged with crime under the
