1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
40tii Cong....2i> Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
cute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections,
aud re.-ol invasions."
This is a congressional power exclusively.
But t lie fourth at tide presents instances of other
special congressional powers, and also of pow-
ers conferred generally on the United States.
It provides :
"New States may be admitted by the Congress into
this Union."
And—
"The Congress shall have power to dispose of and
make all needtul rulesandregulationsrespeeting the
territory and other property of the United States.
But the guarantee to every State in the Union
of a republican form of government against
invasion and domestic violence is intrusted to
the " United States." The powers vested in
Congress, or other department or officer by
particular designation, cannot be exercised by
any other department or officer ; but those con-
ferred generally on the United States are to be
executed by Congress, by the President, and
by the courts, as they can severally properly
take hold of the subject.
The incidental power of legislation vested in
Congress is not only to aid in the execution of
its own enumerated powers, but "all other
powers vested by the Constitution in the Gov-
ernment of the United States or any depart-
ment or officer thereof." The act of 1795, to
provide for calling forth the militia to exe-
cute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrec;
tions, and repel invasions/' is legislation of
this incidental character. The Supreme Court,
in the case of Luther vs. Borden, decided that
by the Constitution and that law the President
alone had the discretionary power to intervene
with the Army of the United States to suppress
the domestic violence in the State of llhode
Island, produced by the attempt to supersede
the Charter government with the Dorr govern-
ment. But it cannot be reasonably doubted,
that if the act of 1795 had not been enacted,
on the application of the proper authority of
Rhode Island, the President would have pos-
sessed the power, and it would have been his
duty, to have made the same interposition.
The Constitution requires him, before entering
upon the execution of his office, to take an
oath that—
"He will faithfully execute the office of President
of the United States, and will to the best ot Ins abil-
jty preserve, protect, aud defend the Constitution 01
the United States."
And he is also commanded to "take care
care that the laws be faithfully executed." The
Constitution further appoints him—
"Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of
the United States and of the militia ot the several
States when called into the actual service ot the
United States."
If the execution of the laws of the United
States were resisted by an armed force, or a
State were invaded or disturbed by domestic
violence, it is clear that the President, under
these various provisions of the Constitution,
irrespective of the law of 1795, would have
the power, and he would be bound to interpose
in each case with the military forces of the
Uniied States. That act is in aid of his power,
and gives liiin facilities for a more prompt aud
efficient intervention.
GUARANTEE OF BEPUBLICAN FOEM OF GOVERNMENT.
But it is the first clause of the fourth section
of the fourth article, thatis generally relied upon
by the friends of reconstruction as conferring
upon Congress the power to pass those meas-
ures: "The United States shall guaranty to
every State in the Union a republican form
of government;" and this is claimed to be ex-
clusively a congressional power. Neither the
language nor the subject warrants that posi-
tion, although its execution might generally
require an act of Congress to give it full effect.
But if a State were to abolish its republican
form of government, and in its stead were to
set up a monarchical or aristocratic govern-
ment, the United States courts would have the
power by its writs to restrai n the persons charged
with the powers of the new government from
executing them, and if their execution were
attempted by an armed force the President
could meet that force with the military power
of the United States, before Congress had pro-
ceeded to declare null and void the new State
government.
But if the power in question were wholly
and exclusively a congressional power, it gives
no authority for the passage of the reconstruc-
tion measures. The power to guaranty to
the States a republican form of government,
though most important and delicate, is a nar-
row power. It imparts no authority on the
part of Congress to make a government for a
State; the first and essential idea of a repub-
lican government being that it must be made
by the people or agents chosen by themselves,
whom it is intended to govern. They must
give it a republican form, and if they should
not, Congress, the legislative power of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, under this pro-
vision of the Constitution, could expunge its
anti-republican features or refer it back to them
with that direction, and thus secure, guarantee
to the State a republican form of government.
Every State has a sovereign and unlimited
right to make its own government, subject to
the single restriction that it must be republican
in form; and the whole power of the United
States over the subject is to obliterate, or to
require the State to obliterate, its features that
are not republican.
But this power has no application whatever
to the present or past condition of the ten
southern States. Four of them were of the
original thirteen, and all of them were States
of the Union, and had governments republican
inform when they attempted to secede; and
the governments of those four States were then
more popular in their character than those they
had when the Constitution of the United States
was formed and adopted, andthe other six had
governments equally popular and republican in
form. The Federal Constitution was not made
by the people of the United States, but by the
States and their people severally, and each extst-
ing as an independent political sovereignty.
Theyallhad governments formed by each State
for itself. Rhode Island and New Hampshire
adhered to their chartergovernments granted by
the British king, but modified them after the
Declaration of Independence, and this.modifica
tion was a remaking of them by their people.
The government of New Hampshire then, and
for fifty years afterward, excluded all Roman
Catholics from office, and for the same period
that of Rhode Island continued a property quali-
fication toinvest theiight to vote. Many of the
other States had property qualifications, both
to vote and to hold office; and in some the
Governor, one branch ot the Legislature, and
the judges were not elected immediately by the
people, but were chosen by agents elected for
that purpose, not by all the people, but by that
portion of them in whom the right of suffrage
was vested. There was not one of these gov-
ernments that was purely popular in its char-
acter; there was much diversity among them
in their minor principles and features; yet
they had been formed and were administered
by a«ents chosen directly or indirectly by that
portion of their people who held their primary
political power, the right of suffrage; and
those agents, except the judges, whose tenure
was generally during good behavior, held their
offices for limited terms. None of those State
governments were monarchical or aristociatic,
but thev "were all of what this provision of the
Constitution denominates "a republican form. '
Bach of those governments was the very thing,
the embodiment of what those who made the
Constitution intended by "a republican form
of government." Thewhole purpose of tins
provision of the Constitution was to prohibit
the States then forming the Union, and new
ones that might be admitted into it, from
making monarchical or aristocratic govern-
ments, and requiring them to adhere substan-
tially to the form of the State governments
then in existence-
No position could be more unsound than that
this provision of the Constitution was intended
to condemn and proscribe, and require to be
pulled down the existing State governments,
and others to be substituted in their stead.
There was not a single State that would have
made, or submitted to the incorporation of such
a principle in the Constitution; and the fact
that every State, without question from any
quarter, retained thegovernmentit then bad for
twenty, forty, or fifty years by its own sover-
eign will, and made others from time to time
substantially of the same form, proves that the
idea that those governments were not repub-
lican in form never entered into the imagination
of the men of that day. Those State gov-
ernments were closely scrutinized, and well
understood by the statesmen who framed the
Constitution of the United States. They fully
comprehended that the right of suffrage in all of
them but three, was restricted to half or less than
half of the adult wnite population, and their
partition and particular investment of all the
powers of Government, and the modes by which
their officers were elected aud appointed. In-
stead of being repudiated, these State govern-
ments were the republican models upon which
the Government of the United States was fash-
ioned: aud the Federalist and other publica-
tions of the day, that so powerfully commended
it to the people of the States for their adoption,
made the existing State governments the stand-
ards by which to prove that the proposed Gov-
ernment of the United States was republican
in form.
These positions are fully sustained by the
highest authorities. The thirty-ninth number
of the Federalist says: '
14 If we resort for a criticism to the different prin-
ciples on which different torms ot government are
et-tabiished, we muy define a republic to be, or at
lea^t may oestow mat name oil a government, which
derives ail its powers directly or indirectly from the
great body ot the people and is administered by
persons holding their oiiice during pleabure or tor a
limited period orduiing good behavior. It is essen-
tial to such a government that it be derived iroui the
great body of ttie society, not lroin an inconsiderable
proportion or a favoicd lew ot it; otherwise a hand-
ful of tyrannical nobles, exercising their oppressions
by a delegation ot their powers, might aspire to the
rank of republicans, and claim lor their govern-
ment. the honorable title of republic. It issufticienfc
for such a government that the persons administer-
ing it be appointed, either direotly or indirectly, by
tho people; and that they hold their appointments
by cither ot the tenures just specified; otherwise
every government in the United States, as well as
eveiy other popular government that has been or
can bo well organized or well executed, would be
degraded trom the republican character. Accord-
ing to the constitution of every State in tue union
some or other ofiicers of the Government are ap-
pointed indirectly only by the people. According to
most of them the Chief Magistrate ishimsett so
appointed. And, according to one, this mode of
appointment i*« extended to one ot the coordinate
branches of the Legislature. According to nil the
constitutions, also, the tenure ol the highest otnee is
extended to a definite period; and, in many instances,
both within the executive and legislative depart-
ments, to a period of years. According to the pro-
visions of ino*t of the constitutions, again, as well as
according to the most respectable and received opin-
ions on the subject, the members ot the judiciary
depurtment &re to retain their offices by the firm
tenure of good behavioi. . , ,
"On comparing the Constitution planned by tho
Convention, with the standard here fixed, we per-
ceive at once that it is ill the most rigid sense con-
lormable to it,"
In reference to this constitutional guarantee
by the United States of a republican form of
Government to every State, Judge Story, in his
i Commentaries on the Constitution, says:
" The Federalist has spoken with so much ^>r'f
and propriety on this subject that suPeJf®?{Ls
further reasoning. In acontederaey.says ttiatworK,
founded on republican principles ^""pn ment
republican member.-.thesupermtenaiiigGo ernment
ouglitclearlytopossessauthontytodetendth^jstem
against aristocratic or monaiohical«inoij.itioi ^
more intimate the natureot sueh a_uni<on in,,itical
greater interest have the membm m tne poimew
■ maintained'
