1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sufficiently understood, and I am very glad the
honorable Senator has called it up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that bill will not
be taken up now. I am anxious to get the
attention of the Senate to House bill No. 1058,
to admit North Carolina and other States to
representation in Congress. I desired to bring
it up at one o'clock to-day, but this territorial
Dill had' precedence from yesterday. I hope
that the Senate will now take up no other
business until the readmission measure is dis-
posed of.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us get a vote on this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yon cannot get a vote
on it. It will take as long as the territorial
bill.
Mr. CONNESS. Oh, no.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senate will
not take it up.
ARMY APPBOPKIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it is in order
I desire to make a report from the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to know
whether the Senator desires to have that report
considered at this time?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is a matter of priv-
ilege.
Sir. CONNESS. No, sir; it is not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. According to the prac-
tice of the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. Not in the midst of other
business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
whether it is a privileged question or not. I
ask to make this, report, if there is no objec-
tion, then.
, The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to considering the report of the
committee of conference at this time?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That will not displace
my motion, I suppose.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will not
disturb the motion of the Senator. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I submit the
following report:
The committee of conference on tlie disagreeing
-t,,vo Houses on the ameudmonts to tile
mil (H. R. jNo. 658) making appropriations for the
support of the Army lor the year ending June 30,
18b9, and for other purposes, having met, after full
and free conference, have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend to their respective Houses, as follows:
'that the Houso recede from their disagreement to
the first, second, third, fourth, and sixth amend-
ments to the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from so much of their fifth
amendment as proposes to insert words in lieu of
the words stricken out, and the House agree to said
amendment as so modified.
L. M. MORRILL,
HENRY WILSON",
TIMOTHY 0. HOWE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
J. G. BLAINE.
CHARLES E. PHELPS,
J. A. GARFIELD,
Managers on the part of the House.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to hear
it explained.
MORRILL, of Maine. I will explain
it. The first amendment of the Senate was
on page 2, line one, after the word "source,"
to insert " except appropriations made by act
of March 2, 1867." That was non-concurred in
by thefKouse. The House now recede from
that disagreement and concur in the amend-
ment. ^ The effect of it is to except from the
operation of the bill certain funds appropriated
by_ that act for these specific objects: " arti-
hcial limbs for soldiers, the Army Medical
mSeum' an(^ medical works for the library."
The second amendment was in the same
line, after the word "hereby" to insert "di-
rected to,'' so that it will read '' hereby directed
to be covered into the Treasurv." That is a
mere verbal charge.
The third amendment was verbal merely.
lt..was to iusert in the same line after the word
2808
"Treasury" the words "at the close of the
current fiscal year," requiring that the funds
shall be covered into the Treasury at the close
of the present fiscal year.
The fourth amendment was on page 2, lines
seven and eight, to strike out, "for expenses
of the signal service of the Army, $5,000."
I hat was struck out by the House and dis-
agreed to by the House. The House now
recede from their disagreement and concur in
the amendment.
The fifth amendment was to strike out all
of the second section and insert a substitute.
The second section was a provision for cover-
ing into the Treasury certain unexpected bal-
ances, which the Senate struck out, and inserted
in lieu of it what I will now read :
That from the sums appropiated for each ©f the
several items contained in this act there be deducted
the unexpended balance for such item which may
remain in the Treasury on the30th of June, 1868.
The House disagreed to that, but in the con-
ference it was agreed that the Senate recede
from its amendment to strike out the section
to which I have referred. The Senate agrees
to recede from its amendment, the effect of
which is to leave the bill without either the
provision made in the House or in the Senate.
That leaves the appropriation without any
especial regulation by this act. The commit-
tee found it quite impossible to agree other-
wise ; and then there were some difficulties
about putting such a provision upon this act.
There are some unexpended balances which
by either provision Would be covered into the
Treasury to the detriment of the service. I
could specify, if it were necessary, particulars.
Besides, it was found that the Committee on
Appropriations in the House have reported a bill
with special reference to remedying the diffi-
culties supposed to have been covered by these
provisions ; and on the whole the conference
committee agreed to this report.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no doubt that the
report of this committee is right, and I shall
vote for it. I want it distinctly understood,
however, that any explanation made by the
chairman does not bind the Senate. I have
no objection to the report, but I simply wish
to put in this disclaimer, that I am not bound
•by any explanations the chairman of the com-
mittee of conference may make. It was held
in a certain case that because the chairman of
a conference committee explained a thing that
committed us to that view. I dissent from any
assertion of that character.
The report was concurred in.
EIGHT-HOOK, LABOR SYSTEM
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. HiexmucKS,] to take up the bill
(H. R. No. 065) constituting eight hours a
day's work for all laborers, workmen, and
mechanics employed by or on behalf of the
Government of the United States.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. HENDRICKS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say that the
reason I object to taking up that bill at this
time is because I wish to consider—and I think
the Senate has manifested that intention here-
tofore—the bills to admit the rebel States to
representation in Congress. They are press-
ing upon us, and they come here with consti-
tutions framed in accordance with our laws,
and it is due to them that we should take action
at an early day. However meritorious tlie bill
may be which the Senator from Indiana moves
to take up, this is not the proper time to con-
sider it when there is a matter pressing upon
us of this character.
Mr. BUCKALE W. It is now a quarter past
four o'clock, and it is very evident that no
progress can be made to-day, or very little, in
the consideration of the bill to which the Sen-
ator from Illinois refers. I think, therefore,
he is unreasonable in asking us to devote the
remaining fragment of this day's sessiou to the
bill which he has mentioned. On the other
A
SYSTEM.
hand, this other question, I suppose) can be
acted upon and possibly determined before we
adjourn. At all events, there is this consid-
eration to be taken into account: the bill for
the reorganization, or rather the readmission,
of the southern States is one of that character
that it will command attention and will com-
mand the action of the Senate; there is no
probability, no possibility even, that we shall
adjourn this session without acting upon that
question; whereas, on the other hand, this
other bill seems to have but few advocates
interested in its fortunes, and if we let it go by
now, when the question is distinctly raised on
considering it, it is not likely that we shall
hear of it again this session. Inasmuch, then,
as the bill of the Senator from Illinois will
come up at all events, come up very soon, and
command the attention and action of the Sen-
ate, there is no reason why the bill to which
the motion of the Senator from Indiana refers
should be pushed aside for the remainder of
this afternoon's session. I shall vote, there-
fore, with my friend, the Senator from Indiana,
to take up his bill.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania, I think, is rather mistaken as to the
number of friends this bill, in behalf of the
laborer to which he alludes, has.
Mr. BUCKALEVV. I beg leave to explain.
I desire to correct my expression. I do not
mean to deny the friendliness of the gentle-
man. Perhaps I should have said "active
friends ; " that is, friends that act.
Mr. STEWART. I accept the Senator's
apology. I am glad to see that he is becom-
ing active in that behalf, and I hope he will
be hereafter. He seems to be a new convert
to speedy action on that bill just at this pecu-
liar time when it was understood—-I had the
understanding at least—that the bills for the
reorganization of the southern States were to
be pressed until we got through with them.
It is important to have action upon them
speedily. There is plenty of time to pass the
other bill, and I shall be a friend of it when-
ever it is in proper time; but at this time I
think we had better go on with the businesa
that is pressing upon the country in a peculiar
manner. These States are ready for admis-
sion ; the committe* have reported, after care-
ful examination, in favor of their admission ;
and we should act on no other business until
we have the Union restored, so far as it is in
the power of Congress to do it.
Mr. CONNESS. I think the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania placed himself iu
a very queer position when he said that my
friend from Nevada was a friend of the bill
referred to, and at the same time suggested
that he was not an active friend. The whole
Senate know that when a friend at all, he is an
active friend, for he is always active.
Now, Mr. President, I do not think the hon-
orable Senator did us justice in this matter.
I know that prior to an election it might be
thought that the Senator from Pennsylvania
had some object in calling up this bill, or at
least in advocating its immediate considera-
tion ; but not being disposed to accuse my
friend of anything sinister, the evidence of
which I have never yet seen in any case, what-
ever the fact may be, I will not make the accu-
sation in that way.
It certainly cannot be said of me that I am
not an active and earnest friend of this bill.
hen it came to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives, I moved that it be laid on the table,
so that it should not be buried in a committee;
and but for the impeachment trial and the inci-
dents connected with it, I should have called
it up long ago.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
know why it has been called up by the honor-
able Senator from Indiana.
Mr. CONNESS. I will answer that ques-
tion. The Senator from Indiana is entitled to
the same exemption at my hand3 that the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania is, and under the same
rule I will say that I cannot attribute anything
sinister to my friend, although he is now a
