1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1779
accommodated, nor would the court be accom-
modated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. RAMSEY. "What is the amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Striking
out "one thousand" and inserting "nine
hundred" as the number to be admitted in the
galleries.
The amendment was not agreed to—ayes
six, noes not counted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out, after the words
"the General commanding the Army," the
following words:
Ono ticket each to the mayors of "Washington and
Georgetown; one ticket to the secretary of the
Smithsonian Institution: one ticket to each of the
following persons: the Quartermaster General, the
Commissary General of Subsistence, the Surgeon
General, the Paymaster General, the Judge Advocate
General, each of the admirals of the Navy, each
clergyman having charge of a church in Washington
or Georgetown.
I will simply say that I move to strike out 
Mr. HOWARD. You do not intend to in-
clude the admirals in the motion to strike out?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not, as well as
 the others?
Mr. HOWARD. The General of the Army
is in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The General is the
head of the Army; ar.d if Admiral Farragut
were here I would be willing to include him;
but I do not see any occasion for including the
admirals. I do not like to make the distinc-
tions that are made in the report of the com-
mittee. As the Senate during the trial is a
court it is well enough that the judges of the
courts who are provided for specially should
come in. But, with regard to the gentlemen
to whom my motion applies, although I have
a very great respect for all of them, I do not
see any reason for making these distinctions.
All these gentlemen can be admitted by tickets,
and any Senator would be glad occasionally to
give a ticket to each one. I see no particular
reason for picking out distinguished officers of
the Army any more than 1 do distinguished
civilians. With regard to my friend, the sec-
retary of the Smithsonian Institution, I have
as great respect for him as I have for any one,
and 1 shall be very happy to furnish him with
one of my four tickets, if he desires to come
here.
I think it is best to strike out these words.
I do not see any reason why the clergymen of
the parishes of Washington and Georgetown
should be admitted any more than the lawyers
or doctors, and not so much as the lawyers. I
think, therefore, that all of those gentlemen
who are named had better be omitted, and if
they want to come here they can be furnished
with tickets by Senators, and they will answer
just as good a purpose as to make these dis-
tinctions, which will only be invidious, and for
which no good reason can be given. I think
that clause had better go out.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the Sena-
tor from Maine if he will not except from his
amendment the mayors of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I see no particular
reason for having them in any more than I do
the common council.
Mr. HARLAN. I will suggest a reason for
the Senator's reflection. In this District there
is a population of about one hundred and
thirty thousand people. They are unrepre-
sented in either branch of Congress. The re-
port of the committee proposes to give each
Senator four tickets, and each member of the
House two tickets, which would be two tickets
fur each congressional district and four for each
State at large, which will insure admission
to a few people from every State and each dis-
tiict in every State during the progress of the
trial, while it will not afford any facilities for
the citizens of the District, who are unrepre-
sented in either branch of Congress. It seems
to me it would be no more than right to give
to the mayor of the city of Washington four
tickets and the mayor of the city of George-
town two, so that this population of about one
hundred and thirty thousand should have the
same opportunities that the people of a con-
gressional district will have.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My reply to that is that
every member of Congress, both in the Senate
and in the other House, is a representative of
the city of Washington. The idea that they
have no representative here is a mistake. I
think they are better and more thoroughly rep-
resented than the people of any State in the
Union. I consider myself a representative of
the people of the District of Columbia, and I
have been applied to as such, and I have
attended to their interests. There is no diffi-
culty in these mayors getting tickets, but the
idea of giving them tickets as representing
everybody here does not strike me with any
force. There will be hundreds of people every
day, probably, from the city of Washington
attending this trial who reside here. I do not
see any particular reason applicable to them
any more than to anybody else. They will get
tickets, unquestionably, at some period of the
trial from Senators and Representatives.
Mr. HARLAN. In the same sense the Sen-
ator from Maine is the representative of the
people of Iowa.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; not in the
same sense.
Mr. HARLAN. He says we are the repre-
sentatives of the people of this District. That
is true. The Senator from Maine is a Senator
of the United States; he represents the whole
people of the United States; he is not the ex-
clusive representative of the people of Maine.
So it is with each member of Congress. His
constituency, that is, those by whom he is
elected, arc confined to a single district; but
when gentlemen once become members of
Congress they are members of the Congress
of the United States. In that sense the peo-
ple of this District have representation; but
they have no direct representation ; there is no
representative of the people of the District as
an individual community. Congress has always
recognized this fact by admitting the mayor of
the city of Washington and the mayor of the
city of Georgetown to seats on the floor when
business connected with the District has been
under consideration; and I think it is no more
than fair that they should bo recognized in
apportioning the tickets for admission to the
galleries. I have not the power now, I under-
stand, to move an amendment to the Senator's
amendment, because it is an amendment to an
amendment; but I give notice that I will move
such an amendment as soon as it shall be in
order.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to ask the
Senator, who makes objection on behalf of the
people of this District, whether he does not
believe that one third or one half of all these
tickets will, at all events, go to residents of this
District?
Mr. HARLAN. I will reply that I suppose
the Senator from Pennsylvania will give his
few tickets to citizcns of his own State, and I
apprehend that that will be true of every other
Senator on this floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would much rather
amend the order in the other direction. I sup-
pose that the tickets to be issued, provided for
in the order, will take about two thirds of the
capacity of the gallery, leaving about one third
to be disposed of. I would much rather issue
one to every head of a bureau; for I think the
more we get rid of the less trouble we shall
have about them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we begin that there
wi'ii be no end of it.
Mr. ANTHONY- We shall end just there.
Suppose we strike out the part the Senator
moves to strike out, and substitute "one to
each head of a bureau in each Department."
Mr. B'ESSENDEN. It would be unneces-
sary, in my judgment. I think we had better
not do that; then the chief clerks will think
they ought to come.
Mr. ANTHONY* I suppose I cannot move
such an amendment.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is that amend-
ment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read.
The Secretary. It is proposed to strike
out of the reported amendment the following
words: '' one ticket each to the mayors of
Washington and Georgetown; one ticket to
the secretary of the Smithsonian Institution ;
"one ticket to each of the following persons:
the Quartermaster General, the Commissary
General of Subsistence, the Surgeon General,
the Paymaster General, the Judge Advocate
General, each of the admirals of the Navy,
each of the clergymen having charge of a
church in Washington or Georgetown."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
'Die PRESIDENT pro tempore. Jhe ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting "and four tickets to
the mayor of Washington and two tickets to the
mayor of Georgetown."
Mr. HOWARD. I hope not.
Mr. CONKLING. I would inquire of the
mover of this what the object of the amend-
ment is?
Mr. HARLAN. I attempted to explain it
in a former part of this discussion; I suppose
the Senator was not in his seat.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's
pardon ; I was not; I was called out.
Mr. HARLAN. I will state again, briefly,
that the people of this District, numbering
about one hundred and thirty thousand, have
no direct representative on this floor or the
other floor of Congress, and in this distribu-
tion of tickets they are not provided for. I
suppose that each Senator and member will
lind friends from his own State and from his
own congressional district who will claim this
mode of access to the gallery, which will ex-
clude the residents of the District from any
opportunity to witness the trial. Heretofore
this courtesy has been shown to the people of
this District in various ways. When we are
considering business in which the people are
particularly interested, the mayor of Washing-
ton and the mayor of Georgetown have alway8
been admitted to a seat on the floor; and I think
it is no more than right that these one hundred
and thirty thousand people should be provided
for, as are the people of each district repre-
sented in the other branch of Congress.
Mr. CONKLING. I have only to say that
my impression is, that under the rule as it
stands now the people of this District will re-
ceive far more extensive accommodations than
the people of any other district; and they would
under any rule you can make, as I believe they
always do on such occasions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
Iowa to the amended.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is now on the amendment reported by the
committee as amended.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment, by adding :
The scats now occupied by the Senators shall bo
reserved lor thorn; and the Sergoant-at-Arms shall
provide suitable and convenient accommodation for
the members of the House of Representatives on
other portions of the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have. I think it bad
better be arranged by the committee rather
than settle it in that way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The standing rules leave
it to the Presiding Officer.
