"80
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[February 11,
Senate.
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
40th Cose 2d Sess.
"It may possibly be asked what need there could
be oi' such a piovision, and whether it may not be-
come a [iretextlor alterations ii^tho fc>tate govern-
nieiits without tue concurrence of the States them-
selves? inesequesdonsaduiitot ready answers. If
the interposition ot tho General Government should
not be needed, the provision i'or such an event will
be a harmless superfluity only in the constitution.
Butwiio can say what experiments muy be produced
by tiie e.ipiice of particular States, by the ambition
oi' enterprising leaders, or by the intrigues and in-
fluence ol foreign Powers. I'o the second question it
may be answered, that if the General Government
stiould interpose by virtue of this constiiutional au-
thonty, it will be of course bound to pursue tde au-
tuoiuy. Cut the authority extends no iui tner tinin
to aguar.uitee ot a republican lorni ol govornm^nr,
wiuoa supposes apreextstinggovernmento! thelorm
wiucu is to be guarantied. As long therefore as tho
existing' republican lonns are continued by tho Scutes,
they are guarantied by the federal Constitution.
Whenever the Suites may chose to substitute otntr
republican lories they have the right to do so, and to
claim the Federal guarantee for tiie latter. The only
restriction imposed 011 them is. that tiny shall not
exchange republican lor anti-republican constitu-
tions; a restriction which it is piosuuicd will hardly
bo considered as a grievauoe."
But, because the Declaration of Independence
se's forth that all men are liee and equal, some
wild theorists qliiim that- it invests Congress
with tiie power to pass its reconstruction meas-
ures. Congress derives its powers, not from
the Declaration of Independence, butlrom the
Constitution alone, The Declaration of inde-
pendence is simply a statement ol lacts and
principles to justily the separation ol' the Col-
onies from tiie mother country, it was not
the purpose or effect of it to change the indi-
vidual condiuon of any person, of whatever
race or color, iu the Colonies, it made none
free who were slaves ; it gave not a single right,
civil or political, lo a human being; it left the
stauis ot all as it was before ; it had no foice
whatever of law or constitution ; and the Slates
made independent received 110 olher result
from it.
What idea the men who made the Constitu-
tion intended to express by tho phtase "re-
publican-form of government" is illustrated by
the substantial iorni of the State governments
subsisting at the time ; and he who in sincerity
contends that they, and the other similar gov-
ernments since organized by the States, are
not such republican governnien.s as are con-
templated by the Constitution, is not competent
to reason or to comprehend an argument 011
that subject.
Having ascertained what is a republican
form of government exactly iu the sense of the
Constitution, 1 assert that each one of the ten
southern States had, when this reconstruction
policy was inaugurated, valid governments,
republican iu I'oim ; and that Congress had not
only 110 power to abolish them, but none to
inteifere with them, under the pretext that they
were not republican in fotm—that iliey wete
wholly outside and beyond the power of Con-
gress. i believe this position can be established
beyond reasonable doubt. Ko one will deny
that those States were in the Union up to the
time ol passing their ordinances of secession.
Previously they had regularly elected their Sen-
ators and Representatives to Congress, who
were always admitted to their seats; and the
Supreme Court, in the ease of Luther vs. Bor-
den, held that such admission was a recogni-
tion by the proper constitutional authority ol the
State and the republican form of its govern-
ment, under which those members of Congress
had been chosen.
'ihere is no warrant for secession in the Con-
stitution; it was revolution attempted to be
disguised under another name, and success
alone could have given it any validity. Its
ordinances were absolutely void. A State in
the Union is there as long as our system of
government endures. There is 110 power
anywhere to throw out or to expunge them.
The organized States are par s of the frame-
woik of the machinery of our mixed system of
national and Slate governments, and can no
more be dispensed with than the Presidency
or Congress or the Supreme Court. Their
action is not so frequent in the operations of
the General Government., but is not less ne-
cessary. The Federalist declares most truly
that "the State governments may be regarded
as constituents and essential parts of the Federal
Government;" and to prove the position, adds;
"Without, the intervention of tho State Legisla-
tures the president ot the United States cannot be
eleetcd at all."
The Constitution makes provision for the
"junction of two or more States, or parts of
States, by the consent of the Legislatures of
the States concerned us well as of Congress ;"
but none for the annihilation or suspension of
States, or for their trial or punishment by any
mode whatever. The punitive power of the
United States is directed exclusively against
individuals, natural persons, not at all against
States. The persons administering the Slate
governments may commit treason and other
ci'iniesagainst the United States, for which they
may be tried and punished by their laws and
courts ; butnotsowith tbeSlatesortbeirgovern-
ments, or their departments, or governmental
machinery. Members of the Senate, or all the
Senators and Kepresentatives, the President,
and the members of the Supreme Court, may
be guilty of treason and olher crimes, and be
individually and personally punished therefor ;
but not Congress, or the Senate, or the House,
or the Presidency or the court; but they, like
the States, exist in perpetuity, as parts of the
machinery and oiganism of our .system of gov-
ernment,^ be Oct upied and held and adminis-
tered by true men, as traitors and criminals are
expelled from them. These are essential and
inherent, principles which continue our Govern-
ment, and without whiehit would fall into chaos
and dissolution.
TIIE PUNISHMENT OF FOItrEITUBE OF STATES.
I then stale these propositions to be true:
that the union of the Stales, and the Govern-
ment of the United Slates, and the States and
their governments are constituent parts of the
machinery of our complex system of govern-
ment, and equally necessary to its continuance;
that to constitute a State, a country with a
boundary, a people, and a government, either
in actual operation or iu suspension are all
indispensable requisites; that a State cannot
secede, or commit suicide or self-destruction,
or be expunged, suspended, or exscinded
from her position and rights and powers in
the Union by the Government of the United
States; that a State can be displaced from
the Union only by the successful revolt of lier
people, or by the conquest and permanent occu-
pation of it by a foreign Power; but the people
of a State or of several Stales may rise in
insuirection or rebellion against the United
States. Such a trouble was anticipated, and
piovision made for it by the Convention which
framed the Constitution. It muy be suppressed
by armed force. Congress has not only an
indefinite power " to raise and support armies,"
and "to provide and maintain a Navy," but
also to provide for calling forth the militia of
all the States to suppress it; and the President,
as Commander-in-Chief, and in the perform-
ance of his duty to see that the laws are faith-
fully executed, must move with this military
force upon the insurgents to what end ? To sup-
press the insurrection. That is the power, and
the whole power, which the Constitution gives
to Congress and the President—to the United
States—in the premises. When the insurrection
is crushed out and the insurgents return or
are reduced to submission and obedience to the
laws, the power of arms by our Government is
exhausted; and the laws and the courts only
can then deal with the insurgents for their
punishment.
CONSEQUENCES AND POST LIMIXTTM.
This is not a war, for that imports conquest
and acquisition to the victors and loss to the
vanquished, according to the law of nations
regulating war. The idea of the United States
conquering a portion of themselves and abol-
ishing the State governments and suspending
the Government of the United States to the
extent of the conquest, is not only without amy
authority in our system, but utterly destructive
ofit. The United States cannot declare ormake
war against a State. To enforce the execution
of the laws and to suppress insurrections and
rebellious and domestic violence in the States,
is not the cxercise of the war power organized
by the Constitution and vested by it in the
Government of the United States, but of the
great national police power. The one is an
internal and conserving power, the other an
external and destrucuve_ power acting on
foreign nations. This national police power is
of the same nature wiih the enforcement by the
governments of cities and the States, of their
police power in the suppression of insurrec-
tions against them, in none of those cases
can arms be resorted to by the government
until they are first used by the insurgents, and
then only to quell the insurrection and to re-
duce the insurgents to obedience to the laws.
This is a conflict of arms, and while it is raging
and in operation, the parties are held to the
usages and practices of war by civilized and
Christian nations. If the insuigents are suc-
cessful it is revolution, and results 111 the es-
tablishment of another national power; it they
are suppressed and submit, that ends the right
by the Government lor the farther use of arms,
and the treatment of those engaged in the in-
surrection then passes from the military to the
civil authorities, and 110 other consequences
can rightfully ensue than their punishment ac-
cording to law. Immediately upon the sup-
piession of the lebellion, by the operation and
effect of the principles of the Constitution and
the law of nations, both of which as to this
matter are in perfect accord, things, except so
far as positively destroyed by the conflict, as
regards governments, institutions, persons,
property and rights, public and private, are
restored to the same condition in which they
were before the insurrection.
This position is sustained by all approved
writers 011 the law of nations, but 1 will read
from one only. Vattel, pages u'J2, 3J-I, 397,
says:
"Theright of post luninumlz that 111 virtue of which
persons and tilings taken by the enemy are restored
to their former slate 011 coming again into the power
of iho nation to which they belonged.
"Xhe sovereign is bound to profeet tho persons
and property of his subjects, and to detend them
against the enemy. ^Vhcn, therefoie, a subject or
any part of his pioperty has fatten into tho enemy's
possession, should any foitunate event bring them
again into their sovereign's power, it 1-3 undoubtedly
his duty to rcstoie them to their former condiuon,
to reestablish the poisons in all their lights and ob-
ligations, to give b .ck the effects to the owners; in a
word, to replace everything 011 the same looting on
winch it. stood previous to the enemy's capture."
Again:
"Piisonors of war who have given their parole,
territories and towns wliieh have submitted to ttie
enemy and have swot 11 or promised allegiance to him,
cannot of themselves return totheirformereondition
by the right of pout liiitinuiit; for faith is to be kept
even with enemies."
" But if the sovereign retakes those towns, coun-
tries,or prisoners who had surrendered to the enemy,
he recovers all his former rights over them, and is
bound to reestablish tliem in tfieirpristine eonduiou.
" Provinces, towns, and fandswhich the enemy 1 o-
stores by a treaty of peace, are ceitainly emiiied Jo
the 1 iglit ofpo<.t iuniiuiiii; for the soveiei^u, in what-
ever manner lie recovers them, is bound to restore
them to their former condition as soon us he regains
possession of them."
This principle of post liminy has been rec-
j ognized by our own courts. Duiing the war
; of 1812, the British forces conquered and held
| possession of a part of the district of Maine,
j then attached to Massachusetts, within which
j was the port of Castine. This occupation ex-
pelled the -authorities and laws of the United
j States and the State of Massachusetts, and the
commander of the British forces established
other laws, comprehending a system of import
duties. An American ship entered the port
and paid duties to the English custom-house
I officers, under their regulations. After peace
| was made, and the army and authority of Eng-
: laud had been withdrawn from Maine, the
