2804
candidate for public station, atid very high
public station, nominated I believe for Gov-
ernor of the great State that he so ably repre-
sents here.
Mr. MOBRILL, of Maine. That is satis-
factory.
Mr. GONNESS. Oh, but I am not satisfied
yet; and the prospective candidate of the party
to which he belongs for President of the Uni-
ted States. Mr. President, I will not say, for
I do not think it would be doing my friend
•justice, that his candidacy or position leads
Sim in any respect to call this bill up to-day,
or that he ever contemplated depriving myself,
who am a candidate for nothing, of the credit
of calling the attention of the Senate to this
bill; but 1 am glad that he has called the atten-
tion of the Senate to it. Nevertheless, I think
he will agree with me now perhaps, as he feels
an equal interest with myself in the bill, not to
oppose it at the present moment to the con-
sideration of the reconstruction acts, because
it will unquestionably do this measure great
injury if we shall pit it against, and oppose it
to, acts which are to provide for the admission
of those States into the Union which have been
kept from representation so long. Therefore,
with all my1 favor to this bill, I shall now, of
course, decline further to oppose it to the
reconstruction bill; and in its behalf I appeal
to my friend from Indiana and the Senator
from Pennsylvania, as we love this bill and
desire it to become a law, that we, its friends,
not enemies, let it go for the preseut and call
it up at an early day.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I am sorry
to see these two measures antagonized against
each other. There are tens of thousands of
poor laboring men without employment, who
have been dismissed from employment for
voting according to their convictions. There
are committees here from several States beg-
ging money; and I am writing to my friends
to contribute money to keep men from starv-
ation. Humanity, and everything that can
appeal to the human heart, and the feelings of
every man who respects the laboring men of
the country, should impel us to pass these
reconstruction measures, and let those people
have governments that will protect them at the
earliest moment.
As to this other measure, as a practical fact
at this time, there is nothing to be specially
gained by it.. We have but a few hundred
men in the Government employment. I have
been for years ready to try the eight-hour
experiment whenever I could ; and I shall vote
for the measure whenever it comes up ; but I
shall not vote for it with the expectation that
anything is to come from it. No man or set
of men in this country will ever make a vote
by voting in that direction. This labor ques-
tion is a matter in which I have had some
experience during the last thirty years.
I therefore hope we shall take up the bill
admitting these States, and try to settle the
difficulties that are pressing upon us, and are
pressing upon us with tenfold force and a
thousand times more bitterness since an event
that happened here the other day. I hope we
shall take it up, and then thai we shall take up
this other measure at some time when we can
consider it. I will give my vote to try that
experiment at any time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is now half past four
o'clock, and we have passed several bills to-
day. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 3, 1808.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
union pacific railroad.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of War, transmitting, upon the recom-
mendation of General Grant, a feo m m uri icati o n
from Major General Sheridan, commanding
the department of the Missouri, relative to Gov-
ernment aid to the Union Pacific railroad,
(eastern division ;) which was referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
elections in nortii and south carolina.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a communication
from the General of the Army, in further
answer to House resolution of the 13th ultimo,
transmitting an abstract from General Canby,
commanding second military district, relative
to the recent elections in the States of North
Carolina and South Carolina; which was
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction,
and ordered to be printed.
west virginia independent exempts.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting report
of the Adjutant General respecting the claim
of company O, independent exempts, West
Virginia volunteers ; which was referred to the
Committee on .Military Afluirs.
mrs. louisa fitcii.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the Hoase a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting the
petition of Mrs. Louisa Fitch, widow of the
late Captain E. P. Pitch, praying that her
name may be placed on the pension-roll;
which was referred to the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions.
election contest—chaves vs. clever.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
additional evidence in the election contest of
Chaves vs. Clever, New Mexico; which was
referred to the Committee of Elections.
election in oregon.
Mr. BURR. I desire to congratulate the
House and the country on the first gun from the
Pacific, announcing that on last Monday the
Democracy achieved a glorious victory in the
State of Oregon.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the regu-y
lar order of business. ^ j
election contest delano vs. moeganV
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
this morning is the further consideration of
the unfinished business of yesterday, being the
report of the Committee of Elections on the
contested election of Delano vs. Morgan, from
the thirteenth congressional district of Ohio.
"The resolutions reported from the Commit-
tee of Elections were as follows :
Resolved, That George W. Morgan is not entitled
to a bent in tlie Fortieth Congress from the thirteenth
congressional district of Ohio.
Resolved, That Columbus Delano is entitled to a
seat in the Fortieth Congress from the thirteenth
congressional district ot Ohio.
The pending question was upon the adop-
tion of the following resolution, submitted by
Mr. Kerr, on behalf of the minority of the
Committee of Elections, as a substitute for
the first resolution reported by the majority of
the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That George W.Morgan was duly elected
and is entitled to retain his seat in the Fortieth Con-
gress, from the thirteenth congressional district of
Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Morgas] is entitled to the floor for
twenty-two minutes remaining of his hour.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. MORGAN. Certainly.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to make an
explanation of a matter of fact, in regard to
which I fell into an error yesterday, and also
led my friend from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] into
an error. The gentleman from Indiana asked
me if the opinion of the supreme court of
Pennsylvania in the decision of the case of
Hubert vs. Reilly was a unanimous opinion.
Not remembering at the time that there was
any dissenting opinion, and having seen the
opinion only in manuscript upon which no dis-
sent was markedj I answered that it was a
unanimous opinion. Since that time I have
obtained the volume containing the report of
that case: and I find by reference to it that
Justices Road and Agnew did not concur in the
opinion of the majority of the court. I wish
to make that correction of a matter of fact to
go upon the record,
Mr. MORGAN then resumed and concluded
his remarks, begun yesterday. [The speech
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, -I desire to
occupy the attention of the House but a few
minutes, and I propose to confine myself en-
tirely to the consideration ofoocpointiiivolved
in this case. The decision of the case must turn,
in a good degree, upon the question whether
the committee did right in rejecting the votes
of certain men charged as deserters from the
Army of the United States, or with having
gone to a foreign country to avoid the draft,
and failed to return under the provisions of
law in that ease made.
At my own town; Mr. Speaker, there is a
branch- of the national asylum for disabled
volunteer soldiers. In that institution at this
time there are more than eight hundred dis-
abled men who fought in the cause of the coun-
try. Some ninety of them have lost an arm;
some ninety have lost a leg; several have lost
both arms; and several have lost both legs.
And all these men, thus bearing upon their
bodies the proof of what they did and periled
for the country, have been by act of the pres-
ent Legislature of Ohio disfranchised. What
I mean by that is this: drawn from their vari-
ous homes in that and neighboring States to
find a home there provided for them by the
Government, our Legislature—a Republican
Legislature—passed an act so construing "res-
idence" as that they might be regarded, when
they had been over a year at this home, as
residents for the purpose of suffrage. A Demo-
cratic Legislature, not liking the kind of votes
that they would probably cast, have repealed
that law, so that these soldiers, crippled as
.they are, must be driven back to their own
humble places of residence, if they have any,
and many of them out upon the world, where
they have no residence other than that pro-
vided for them by the Government, or else
submit to stay there, unable to take any part
in the government of that country for which
they fought.
Now, sir, my sympathies have been much
excited in reference to that class of people;
but I have no particular sympathy for any effort
made to secure, under any strict construction
of law, the right of suffrage peculiarly for those
who deserted us in that hour of need. And yet if
they have strictly that right, however they may
have cast their votes let those votes be counted.
Now, have they the right? What is the law
upon this subject as applied to a contested-
election case coming up from the State of
Ohio ? By the constitution of Ohio, in order
that a man shall be a voter he must fall within
this clause:
" Every male white citizen of theUnited States, of
the age of twenty-one years, who shall have been a
resident of the State one year next preceding the
election, and of the county, township, or ward in
whieh he resides, such time as may be provided by
law, shall have the qualifications of an elector, and
be entitled to vote at all elections."
It is necessary, among other qualifications,
that he shall be a citizen of the United States.
But Ohio, by her constitution and by her laws,
can no more than any other State 3g^.le the
question who are to be regarded in law as citi-
zens of the United States. That is left to the
legislative power vested in the Congress. Con-
gress in 1865 passed an act containing that
upon which a question is raised here, and it is
in these terms: that in addition to the other
lawful penalties for the crime of desertion
from the military or naval service—
" All persons who have deserted the military or
naval sorvieo of the T/nited States, who shall not
return to said service or report to a provost marshal
within sixty days after the proclamation hereinafter
mentioned, shall be deemed aud taken to have vol-
