1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3829
machinery. You cannot distill from grain with-
out having mash-tubs and pipes and all the par-
aphernalia of a distillery; but you may distill
from molasses without any of this parapher-
nalia. The process is more simple than the con-
version of molasses into sugar—a very simple
process, indeed. _ -
It has been stated to us that a tax higher
than sixty cents on the gallon would still en-
courage and leave open this chance for fraud-
ulent distillation from molasses. This bill is
framed upon the idea that in all the process
of distillation from grain, every stage of it may
be marked, may be tested. Officers have been
devised, gaugers and inspectors have been pro-
vided. and all the machinery necessary for
collecting this tax.
Now, 1 warn the Senate if you follow the
advice of Senators and leave the tax at two
dollars the machinery which is provided for
in this bill is not adapted to the collection of
that tax. The machinery was made by the
Committee of Ways and Means for the collec-
tion of a lower tax. If you attempt to main-
tain the two-dollar tax you cannot collect it
with this additional machinery, because you
cannot collect a two-dollar tax except by hav-
ing much more rigorous measures than are
pioposed by this bill. I, however, leave the
question for the Senate to determine. My
conviction is that if the Senate should raise
this from fifty cents to one dollar or two dol-
lars they will have to take the back track
before the close of the session. For this Con-
gress to adjourn without some adjustment of
the question of the tax on whisky would be a
crime as bad as the fraudulent distillation of
spirits or any of the crimes committed against
the revenue laws. We must settle this ques-
tion : and I assure Senators that if they attempt
to continue this tax at two dollars a gallon the
whole machinery of this bill must be changed
to adapt it to that rate, and long delay will occur
again. However, that is a matter for the Sen-
ate to determine. I will not detain them longer.
Mr. MORTON. I have but a remark to
make in answer to the Senator from Ohio. lie
states on the authority of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue that 110 penitentiary cases
have been compromised except with the appro-
bation of the court or the district attorney.
In the first place, the idea of compromising
a criminal case in advance upon the recom-
mendation of the court is somewhat novel,
because the court until trial has no means of
knowing anything about the case more than
people outside; and it is not the practice of
courts to give their opinions in favor of dis-
missing criminal cases. I should look with
some degree of suspicion upon the conduct of
any court that would go out of its way for the
purpose of recommending that a man indicted
for a penitentiary offense connected with the
revenue should be compromised with and dis-
charged. I have never known such a case.
But the courts operate upon the advice of dis-
trict attorneys who are their advisors under
the law, and as a general thing where the
prosecuting attorney asks a court to non pros.
or dismiss a case, it will be.done. According
to that statement it is brought down to the
operation of the district attorney and the judge
of the court. We understand that but few
convictions have taken place, and in fact but
few trials have taken place; but we all know
that there have been a great numberof offenses
committed and a great number of indictments
have been found. Then it comes down to this,
by the statement of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, that those offenses are passed
by and those indictments are non pros, by the
advice of the distiict attorney or of the court.
There are many murders committed through-
out the country, and in one fourth of all the
cases of murder there are trials and convic-
tions, although it is a crime that is usually com-
mitted with great sccrecy ; but in not one case
out of one hundred is there a trial and a con-
viction for a fraud upon the revenue, although
they are committed with far less secrecy, far
more easy of discovery, and it is far more easy
to convict in them. Take the case of forgery :
it is not too much to say from my experience
in the practice of the law, that in one third of
all cases of forgery that are brought to the
public attention there are convictions ; andyet
it is a crime that is committed with great care,
aud usually by a person of more education and
skill than a common thief.
But in the cases of frauds upon the revenue
there has not been one conviction out of a
hundred cases. And so you may run through
the whole catalogue of crimes, and you find a
fair proportion of convictions to the whole
number of cases that are brought to notice ;
but in the cases of these great frauds upon
the revenue, where millions and millions of
dollars are stolon in one month, more money
stolon in one month from the Government
than is taken in the way of common larceny
and stealing in the country in five years, there
are hardly any convictions. I say the common
stealings and larcenies of the country in five
years do not comprehend as much money as
the Government is robbed of in one mouth in
this way. And yet, sir, there have been less
than one dozen convictions in all these States
in four or five years, and we are now told the
responsibility is thrown back on the district
attorneys and on the courts. And yet this
very bill again provides for compromising
these cases, civil and criminal, upon the
recommendation of the district attorneys and
the courts—a continuation of the very means
heretofore resorted to. I might almost ask
what excuse there is for it. What justification
can there be for this kind of legislation with
this terrible experience staring us in the face,
with this great loss of revenue, this vast body
of crime unpunished, well known but unpun-
ished criminals walking abroad at 110011-day
with impunity? And yet we propose to leave
the same means in operation by which this
thing has been accomplished.
Mr. WILUAMS. Mr. President, I have
heard the distinguished Senator from Indiana j
declaim upon this subject two or three times
with great vehemence, and denounce every-
body and everything because there was within
this law a provision that suits or seizures might
be compromised by the public authorities;
and he imagines that lie has discovered an
infallible remedy for all the frauds that are
committed anywhere in the United States in
the revenue system because he has discovered
that suits have been commenced and have been
compromised by the district attorney and by
the judge, assuming, of course, that the dis-
trict attorneys and judges were corrupt, pur-
chasable men. In my opiniou that provision
in the law has no more effect one way or the
other upon the violation of the revenue laws
than a spoonful of water would have upon the
body of the ocean.
Each individual seems to imagine that ho
has the specific remedy, and if his particular
idea shall be adopted all evils will be cured.
Some think it lies in a very high tax ; some
think in a very low tax ; some think that it
lies in a certain kind of meter, and some in a
certain sort of machinery; but the Senator
from Indiana has discovered that it all arises
out of this provision of the act which allows
the district attorneys and the judges, with the
assent of the Commissioner of Internal^Rev-
enue, approved by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, to compromise a suit. All these men, of
course, are corrupt ; otherwise they would
not compromise a suit that ought not to be
compromised!
Now, sir, the argument of the honorable
Senator, it seems to me, is entitled to very
little weight, for the very plain reason that^ it
proceeds upon the ground that the district
attorneys of the country are venal and corrupt
men. If that be the fact, is it not perfectly
evident that any district attorney can defeat a
prosecution without, a compromise? Suppose
that an individual who has made his hundreds
of thousands of dollars by defrauding the rev-
enue is indicted for a violation of the law. Is
it not easy for him to suborn the district attor-
ney to induce liim either not to .subposna the
necessary witnesses to convict, or bribe the
witnesses to be absent? May he not make any
arrangement with the prosecuting attorney that
he pleases ? And the system proposed by the
honorable Senator leaves it to the district
attorney, without revision anywhere by any-
body, and under his system the only thing the
criminal would have to do would be to hire
the district attorney so to conduct the prose-
cution as to eventuate in au acquittal; and
that is the usual course wherever district attor-
neys are bribed. But under the system here
proposed 110 compromise can be effected with-
out the consent of the district attorney, that
consent to be approved by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue upon a statement of
facts, and to that is now superadded the
approval of the Attorney General.
Sir, all the men who are concerned in the
collection of reveuue testify that it is necessary
that this power should exist somewhere, that it
cannot with safety be abolished, for the collect-
ors of internal revenue may abuse the powers
with which they are invested. No civil officers,
I undertake to say, in any country, were ever
invested with more dangerous powers than are
conferred 011 these revenue officers. If one
was so disposed, he could seize the property
of an honest man and compel him to buy his
peace and the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue would have no power in his hands to pro-
tect the tnan who was innocent, to prevent
abuses of power in this way ; but it is left ex-
clusively for collectors and subordinate officers
in the service to cxercise this extraordinary
power at their pleasure. The difficulty does
not lie here ; it lies, 1 undertake to say, in the
excessive tax that was imposed upon this arti-
cle, a tax that was too high at the beginning,
and experience has demonstrated that it was
too high, and that it cannot be collected.
If the history of the excise system demon-
strates one fact more than another, it is that
any tax which is so greatly disproportioned to
the cost of producing the article as the whisky
tax is disproportioned to the cost ot whisky
cannot be collected, as a general rule. That
is proved by the history of European coun-
tries. At the beginning of this session I took
pains to look into this question and to read the
various books I could lay my hands on upon
the subject; and I was convinced—and no man
can fail to come to the same conclusion who
will examine the subject—that our experience
in this respecthas been like the experience of
all other countries. When a gallon of whisky
costs only forty cents to produce it, and you
impose a tax of two dollars, there ip a tempta-
tion to commit fraud that is irresistible, and
that will produce fraud as long as men are as
weak and as fallible as they are at this time.
And it is not chargeable to one man or another
man ; it is chargeable to the selfishness and
weakness of human nature. Sir, it is a tax
that cannot in the nature of things be collected
under our system of government at any rate.
It is a tax that cannot be collected without the
exercise of that tyrannical and arbitrary and
absolute power over property and the rights "of
the citizens which the people of this country
will not endure.
The Senator speaks of convictions for mur-
der and convictions for forgery, and argues as
though the violation of the revenue law stood
upon the same ground. Let a man who has
committed the crime of murder approach the
honorable Senator or attempt to intrude into
society, and bow will he be treated? Will not
all persons avoid him? Let a man who is
known to be guilty of the_ crime of forgery
endeavor to intrude himself into society, and
what will be his reception? Men as to whom
it is well known that they have mads their
hundreds of thousands of money by the viola-
tion of the revenue laws appear here and are
treated aud regarded as our most distinguished
citizens. They glory in what they have done.
Popular opinion is so perverted that it does
not condemn this offense as it does the oflense
to which the Senator referred. Put a man
