1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
40th Cong....2b Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
United States district attorney had this ship
and her cargo libeled for violation of the laws
of the United States in not having paid duties
in conformity to them. The case was tried in
the United States circuit court by Justice
Story, and in his opinion he says:
"The second objection is, that the court directed
the jury that Castine was, under the circumstances,
a foreign port. By 'foreign port,' as the terms are
hole used, may be understood si port within the do-
minions of fi. foreign sovereign, and without the
dominions of the United States. The port of Castine
is the port of entry tor the district of Penobscot, and
iswiihin the acknowledged territory of the United
States. But, at the time referred to in the bill of
exceptions, it had been captured, and was in the
open and exclusive possession of the enemy. By the
conquest and occupation of Castine that territory
passed under the allegiance and sovereignty of the
enemy. The sovereignty of the United States over
the territory was, of course, suspended, 'and the
laws of the United Slates eould no longer be right-
fully enforced, or beobligatory upon the inhabitants,
wito remained and submitted to the conquerors.
Castine, therefore, could not, strictly speaking, be
deemed a port of the United States; for its sover-
eigntyno longer extended over tile place. Nor, on
the other hand, could it. strictly speaking, be deemed
a port within the dominions of Great Britain, for it
had not permanently passed under her sovereignty.
The right which existed was the mere right of supe-
rior force, the alicgiancc was temporary, and the
possession not that firm possession which gives the
conqueror plenum dominium et utile, theeompleteand
perfect ownership of property. It could only be by
a renunciation in a treaty of peace, or by possession
so long and permanent as should afford conclusive
proofthatthe territory was altogetherabandoned by
its sovereign,or had been irretrievably subdued, that
iteouldbe considered as incorporated into the do-
minions of the British sovereign. Until such incor-
poration, by a recapture or repossession, the territory
would bo entitled to the tuil benefit of the law of_pos£
limine."
The United States, under and according to
the Constitution, holds all over their territory
a common, uniform, and equal limited sover-
eignty which has no sliding scale, but is the
same in war and peace. They have many
powers, for the execution of which there is no
occasion but in times of war; but that state of
things make no addition to their powers, nor
does a state of peace subtract anything from
them, except in relation to the single point
of the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus.
During the late rebellion, this limited sover-
eignty of the United States was expelled from
the eleven States whose people entered into it;
but there was no annihilation, but only a sus-
pension of that sovereignty. The moment the
authority of the United States regained posses-
sion of the whole or any part of those States
the Constitution, laws, and jurisdiction of the
United States, and the constitutions and laws
of the States respectively were lestored dejure
without the aid of any act of Congress or the
President, but by the effect and operation of
the Constitution and general law. When there
is an insurrection in a city or State against the
Government thereof, on its suppression the
previous government and order of things are
always reinstated by the operation of the gen-
eral principle of post liminy and without any
legislation. The domestic violence in Rhode
Island was an insurrection by Dorr and his
followers against the charter government, and
it was so formidable that the State authorities
invoked military aid from the Government of
the United States. The President ordered the
march of troops to suppress it, and when the
insurgents learned this fact they abandoned
their enterprise and dispersed.
But for this interposition the rebels would,
in all probability, have driven out the lawful
government and have taken possession of the
State; and if this had been effected before the
United States authorities had interfered, and
afterward their armies had been marched into
the State, and had suppressed the insurrection,
immediately thereupon, wilhoutany legislation,
State or national, but by the effect of the gen-
eral principle of post liminy the charter gov-
ernment and all its officers and authority
would have been reinstated. When the Brit-
ish power abandoned Maine the same prinei-ple
restored the government of Massachusetts and
of the United States, without any legislation by
either, over the whole country in which the
sovereignty of both had been suspended by the
occupation of another Power.
On the suppression of the rebellion in the
southern States, thisprincipleshould, and prob-
ably would. have been applied, and have tran-
quilized the whole country but for their insti-
tion 'of slavery, which also would have been
restored. But that is no difficulty now to the
application of this healing remedy, because all
the late slave States except three, by their
own amended constitutions and laws, abol-
ished slavery within their limits; and the thir-
teenth amendment of the United States Con-
stitution abolished it throughout their entire
jurisdiction. No power can ever restore
slavery in the United States or any of them.
OUR GOVERNMENT SUI GENERIS.
If it be a general principle applicable to all
Governments, though they have no lixed con-
stitutions, that when a part of their country
has been conquered and occupied by a foreign
enemy, upon its reconquest all things arc re-
stored as though there had been no conquest
of it: with what added force does this principle
apply to our Government and country, when
there has been an insurrection or rebellion of
sectional and temporary success. The general
purpose and spirit of our system finds an
embodiment in that principle; indeed, could
not be preserved without it. On the suppres-
sion of the rebellion everything that had been
done to give it form, effect, and permanence
passed away; the previous order of things stood
at once de jure restored. During the whole
period every person within the United States
was under their jurisdiction and laws, and in
all respects amenable to them.
The body of our Constitution is remarkably
condensed and its language concise but clear ;
and if examined in an honest spirit there could
not be essential difference in its construction.
But there are three principal sources of its vari-
ous and erroneous interpretation: first, persons
have particular theories, and read and wrest
its language to sustain their theories; second,
it is often construed with a purpose to maintain
the measures of party and faction; third, it is
frequently attempted to explain and illustrate
its provisions and powers by comparison with
other Governments. It is the written law of a
Government differing from all others ; and the
true light in which it should be studied is its
own language, the defects of the system it was
intended to remedy, the debates of the conven-
tions which framed and adopted it, and the
contemporaneous expositions of it. 1 will read
from Mr. Madison in relation to this matter.
On page Gl, volume four, of his writings, he
says:
"It bab been too much the ease in expounding the
Constitution of the United .States that its meaning
has been sought m the peculiar and unprecedented
modifications of power but by viewing it, some
through the medium of a single government, others
through that of a mere league of governments. It
is neither the one nor the other, but essentially dif-
ferent from both. It must consequently be its own
interpreter. No other Government can furnish a
key to its true character. Other Governments pre-
sent an individual and indivisiblesovereignty. The
Constitution of the United States divides the sover-
eignty ; the portions surrendered by the States com-
posing the Federal sovereignty over specified sub-
jects, the portions retained forming the sovereignty
of each over the i esiduary subjects/within its sphere.
If sovereignty cannot be thus divided the political
system ol the United States is a chimera, mocking
tlic vain pretentions of human wisdom. If it can be
so divided it ought to have a fair opportunity of
fulfilling the wishes and expectations which cling to
the experiment."
On page 74 Mr. Madison writes:
"I must say that the real measure of the powers
meant to bo vested in Congress by the Convention,
as I understand and believe, is to besought in the
specifications; to bo expounded, indeed, not with a
strictness applied to an ordinary statuto by a court
of law, nor, on the other hand, with a latitude that
under the name of means for carrying into execution
a iimited Government would transloun it into a
Government without limits.''
Mr. Madison, in these passages, gives the
true key to the meaning of the Constitution. It
was made by preexisting sovereignties surren-
dering a portion of their sovereignty, to form a
Government having jurisdiction over common
objects and retaining the entire mass of sov-
ereignty that they did not give up to this new
and national Government This surrender of
powers is wholly expressed in the Constitution
which creates the Government, and none can
be claimed or exercised by it but such as are
conferred by the Constitution, that the powers
with which it invests Congress are written and
specified in the Constitution, and are all sub-
stantive and primary, except a grant of a gen-
eral power of incidental legislation to pass laws
necessary and proper to carry into execution
the enumerated powers of Congress and all
other powers vested by the Constitution in the
Government of the United States. All agree
that this provision gives only the power of in-
cidental and auxiliary legislation, and this is
the plain meaning of its language. The recon-
struction measures are framed upon the idea
that this is a power limited only by the discre-
tion and will of Congress ; and that the courts
even cannot question the constitutionality of
any such legislation. Never was there a more
unsound, licentious, and dangerous position
assumed. The Constitution expresses in all its
provisions, principles, and language that the
Government created by it is one of limited
powers; but this interpretation of that clause
authorizing ineidentaKlegislation would make
the powers of Congress illimitable. It of itself
would confer on that department vastly more
power than is given by all the other provisions
of the Constitution to the whole Government.
It would break down every check, restriction,
and limitation,demolish the other departments,
and erect Congress into an absolute despotism.
Until now the powers of Government,expressed
and enumerated in the Constitution, have been
regarded by every American statesman as the
body and substance of the Government; and
the power of incidental legislation as merely
auxiliary to them, not capable of existence ex-
cept in connection with them, the two occupy-
ing the relation of substance and shadow. But
this monstrous heresy would make the inci-
dental power swallow up not only the specified,
primary, and substantive powers, to minister
to which is its only office, but the entire Gov-
ernment in a congressional despotism. Such
an idea could have originated only in the mad-
ness of faction.
Chief Justice Marshall, in the case of Mc-
Cullough vs. Maryland, has given a very liberal
construction of this power of incidental legis-
lation by Congress ; but he rules explicitly that
while Congress acts within the pale of its con-
stitutional power, it has the sole discretion to
select the means; yet if the means selected
are not necessary and appropriate, or if they
violate the letter or spirit of the Constitution,
or, under the pretext of executing its powers,
pass acts for the accomplishment of objects
not intrusted to the Government, it would be
the duty of the court to pronounce them not
to be the law of the land.
CASE 01' LUTHER VS. BORDEN.
But the supporters of congressional recon-
struction all assume most confidently, that the
case of Luther vs. Borden, 1 Howard fully and
clearly recognizes the power of Congress to pass
them. I take issue with them, and assert-
that it denies to Congress any and all such
power. Preliminary to the investigation of this
question, I will read such parts of that opinion
as bear upon it:
"Certainly the question which the plaintiff pro-
posed to raiso by the testimony he. offered has not
heretofore been recognized as a political one m any
of the State courts. In forming the constitutions ol
the different States after the Declaration ot -Inde-
pendence, and in the various changes and alterations
which have been made, the political department has
always determined whether the PrM?0,3™,0®"8'™-
tion or amendment was ratified or not by the P®oi>lo
of the State, and the judicial power has followed its
decision. In Khode Island .the question has been
directly decided Prosecutions were commenced
against some of the persons who had been active m
forcible opposition to the old government, and m
