398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
strength alike restrict me, than by reading from
the examples they have hypothesized in their
argument, a prescient and all-embracing
illustration of the propriety and sanctity of
these constitutional inhibitions, as follows:
" Take still another ease: suppose that in the prog-
ress of events persons now in the minority in the
State should obtain the ascendency and secure the
control of the government; nothing could prevent,
if this constitutional prohibition can be evaded, the
enactment of a provision requiring every person, as
a condition of holding any position of honor or trust
or of pursuing any avocation in the State, to take an
oath that he had never advocated or advised or sup-
ported the imposition of the present expurgatory
oath. Under this form of legislation the most fla-
grant invasion of private rights, in periods of excite-
ment, may be enacted, and individuals and even
whole classes may be deprived of political and civil
rights."
Deeming it unnecessary to read the concur-
rent deprecatory reasoning of Judge Holmes,
who recently delivered the opinion of the de
facto court in Missouri, in an analogous case
at St. Louis, but nevertheless congratulating
the House and the country upon the ultimate
acquiescence thus significantly foreshadowed,
the considerations I have deferentially submit-
ted for at least "vacating" the seat in contro-
versy will be concluded by the historical refer-
ence to which allusion has been made, and
which I but substantially reproduce from the
argument of a professional friend in the Blair
case at St. Louis, now pending before the
Supreme Court here, as follows:
During the reign of Charles II proceedings
were set on foot to forfeit the charters of most
of the principal cities and towns of England.
The privileges and immunities enjoyed by
those who were freemen of a city or borough
were a great obstacle to the designs enter-
tained at that period by the court party. It
was felt that an immense advantage would be
gained if the charters of the municipalities
could be forfeited. With a view to this the
Crown, by virtue of the power then held by it
of displacing any judge at pleasure and ap-
pointing his successor, purged the bench of
every judge who from his learning and integ-
rity was supposed not to be likely to prove a
tool of arbitrary power; and then writs of quo
warranto were issued against the several cor-
porations. But in England, in the worst of
times, there has been some reverence for law,
and some hesitation to commit open outrages
upon it. So soon as the actions were begun
the creatures of the Crown began to approach
the municipal magistrates, and advise them to
surrender their charters without a trial to the
Crown, trusting to the clemency of the king
to grant them new charters, not so favorable,
indeed, as the old, but far better than could be
looked for if formal judgment of ouster were
passed against them. This was the form of
the solicitation. Both the monarch and his
supple instruments, the judges, had a whole-
some dread of the possible consequences that
might ensue to them both in case of a popular
reaction such as had led to the Long Parlia-
ment, and they had no such disposition to
push matters to extremities if it was possible
to avoid that necessity by a compromise. Most
of the corporations were persuaded to surren-
der their charters for fear of encountering still
worse evils. Of course'there were on this sub-
ject in each borough two parties ; one of them
in favor of surrendering the charters (these
were mostly friends of'the prerogative, or
Tories,) and the other opposed to this policy,
mainly composed of Whigs. These things
were done between 1683 and 1686.
In 1088 occurred the revolution that drove
the Stuart dynasty from the throne of Great
Britain. The first Parliament which assembled
under the new monarch betook itself to the task
of redressing some of the more heinous wrongs
of the preceding reigns. In this Parliament
the Whigs had a majority. In an evil hour
some of that party bethought themselves of a
Bcheme, the accomplishment of which would,
they thought, secure to the Whigs a permanent
tenure of political power. They resolved to
seize the occasion of the'corporation bill for
effectiug this object. The narrative of the
heated party strife of the seventeenth century,
with the comment of the historian alluded to,
I may be read in the third volume of Macaulay's
History of England, at pages 398-401, as fol-
lows:
"A bill for restoring the rights of those corpora-
tions which, during the reign of Charles Hand James
II, had surrendered their charter to the Crown, had
been brought into the House of Commons, read twice,
and referred to a committee of which Somers was
chairman. He reported the bill to the House on Jan-
uary 2d, 1690. Most of the Tory members were then
absent, keeping Christmas at their homes. The
Whigs, being in the secret, were present in great
numbers. The moment tho bill was read, Sacheve-
rell, who had been an energetic exclusionist m the
time of Charles II, moved a clause that every muni-
cipal functionary who had in any manner been a
party to surrendering the charter of any borough to
tho Crown, should bo for seven years incapable of
holding any office in that borough. Tho charter of
nearly every corporate town in England had been
remodeled during the 'hot fit of loyalty' which fol-
lowed the detection of the Rye House plot, and in
almost every borough the voice of the Tories had
been for surrendering the charter and trusting to the
paternal care of the king." " The effect of Sachc-
verell's clause was thus to make some thousands of
the most opulent and highly-considered men of the
kingdom incapable, for seven years, of bearing any
part in the government of the places where they re-
sided, and to secure to the Whig party for seven years
an overwhelming influence in borough elections.
"The minority exclaimed against the gross injus-
tice of passing rapidly and by surprise, at a season
when London wasempty, alaw which retrospectively
inflicted a severe penalty on many hundred respecta-
ble gentlemen: a law which would call forth the
strongest passions in every town from Berwick to St.
Ives; a law which must have a serious effect on the
composition of the House itself. Common decency
required at least an adjournment. An adjournment
I was moved, but the motion was rejected by 127 to 89.
! The question was then put thatSacheverell's clause
I should stand as part of the bill, and was carried by
133 to 68. Sir Robert Howard immediately moved
that every person who, being under Saeheverell's
Clause disqualified for municipal office, should pre-
sume to take any such office should forfeit £500 and
be lor life incapable of holding any public employ-
ment whatever. The Tories did not venture to
divide." * * * * " It was immediately
resolved that the bill, enlarged by Saeheverell's and
Howard's clauses, should be engrossed. The most
vehemen t Whigs wero bent on finally passing it within
forty-eight hours. The Lords, indeed, were not likely
to regard it very favorably. But it would seem there
were some desperate men prepared to withhold the
■ supplies and thus to place the Upper House under
the necessity of either consenting to a vast proscrip-
j tion of the Tories or refusing to the Government the
■ means of carrying on the war. There were Whigs,
I however, honest enough to wish that fair playshould
be given to the hostile party, and prudent enough to
know that an advantage obtained by violence and
cunning could not be permanent. Thesemeninsisted
that at least a week should be suffered to elapse
before the third reading, and carried their point.
Their less scrupulous associates complained bitterly
that the good cause was betrayed." * * *
I* * "As a postponement of a few days appeared,
however, to bo inevitable, those who had intended
to gain tho day by stealing a march now disclaimed
that intention." ^ * * * "The mails
had carried out along all the high roads the
tidings that on the 2d of January the Commons
had agreed to a retrospective penal law against
the whole Tory party, and that on the tenth that
law would be considered for the last time. The
whole kingdom was moved from Northumberland to
Cornwall." * * * * "Assuredly, no rea-
sonable man of any party will deny that the Tories,
in surrendering to the Crown all the municipal fran-
chises of the realm, and with these franchises the
power of altering the constitution of the House of
Commons, committed a great fault. But in that fault
the nation itself had been an accomplice. If tho
mayors and aldermen whom it was now proposed to
punish had, when the tide of loyal enthusiasm ran
high, sturdily refused to comply with the wish of
their sovereign, they would have been pointed out
in the street as Roundhead knaves, preached at by
rector, lampooned in ballads, and probably burned
in effigy before their own doors. That a community
should be hurried into errors, alternately by fear of
tyranny and by fear of anarchy, is doubtless a great
evil; but the remedy for that evil is not to punish
for such errors some persons who have merely erred
with the rest and who have since repented with the
rest. Nor ought it to be forgotten that the offenders
against whom Saeheverell's clause was directed had
in 1688 made large atonement for the misconduct of
which they had been guilty in 1683. They had as a
class stood up firmly against the dispensing power,
and most of them had actually been turned out of
their municipal offices by James for refusing to sup-
port his policy. It is not strange, therefore, that the
attempt to inflict on all these men. without excep-
tion, a degrading punishment, should have raised
such a storm of public indignation as many Whig
members of Parliament were unable to face."
Need more be added, Mr. Speaker, whether
in indignant reprehension of the past, or
respectful premonition of the future? The
historian of England—the Whig who quitted
her Parliament to write her history—has writ-
ten of the measure proposed by his party, but
not finally carried, what the court of last resort
has substantially written of the enactment here
in controversy—that it " retrospectively inflicts
a severe penalty," that it was (or would have
been) "^retrospective penal law," and that
it was an attempt " to inflict upon" a certain
class of people, without exception, (there as
here,) "a degrading punishment.."
Recurring hence to the concession of the
committee, that "if such disfranchisements
must be regarded as punishment," this case is
but necessarily within the reasoning of the
court in the opinion so often quoted from, may
I not respectfully demand your "judgment"
accordingly ? Not only upon the concurrence
of the highest judicial and historic authority,
whereby it has been shown that these ex post
facto disfranchisements are to be regarded as
"punishments," but upon that other and like
fundamental concession of the committee, that
"suffrage" "once granted" "is held at the
pleasure of the power that gave it," is that
"judgment" deferentially anticipated in the
decision you are now soon to render. And
what has the contestee opposed to all this, or
what can he oppose why your judgment should
not be thus rendered? Is it too much to suggest
that it will be simply such sinuous and sinister
prejudices and such implacable resentments as
have been fostered and fulminated against the
''thousands" who once mistook their true loy-
alty, as every member of the Legislature did,
and the most earnest of whom, in the language
of Macaulay, having "merely erred with the
rest and since repented with the rest," should
but equitably and naturally be forgiven with
the rest. Concerning such citizens 1 have here
a deposition from one of the counties which
may safely enough be relied upon as denoting
at least the present and future loyalty of those
who either "could not or would not take the
retrospective part" of this unconstitutional
"test-oath," and with the reading of the most
pertinent portions of which 1 shall be prepared
to submit to the decision of the House the case
of a long wrouged and an outraged constitu-
ency. At pages 42 and 43 Robert P. C. Wil-
son swears as follows:
" I am a lawyer by profession and have resided in
Platte county. Missouri, for a number of years, in
fact was partially raised here; am well acquainted
with the people of the county generally, and was so
acquainted at the general election of 1866; was reg-
istered at said election as a qualified voter. Believ-
ing that a portion of what was called the Missouri
test-oath, and which oath was administered to voters
at the general election indicated, was unconstitu-
tional, I advised the people of the fact that at Platte
City I would receive and preserve the ballots of all
persons otherwise qualified, but who could or would
not take the retrospective part of said oath and
would take the prospective portion of the same. On
the election day. the 6th of November, 1866,1 was
present at the polls and did receive and preserve the
ballots of about one hundied—I think it was exactly
one hundred ballots—of tho kind indicated above.
Before receiving a ballot of any person—in fact, all
the persons who deposited their ballots with me at
the Platte City polls went before a justice of the
peace of the county and took and subscribed the
prospective part of said test-oath, stampingand can-
celing the stamp on same; then, with the oath
annexed to their tickets, presented themselves to tho
judges of election and demanded the privilege of
voting, which privilege was uniformly denied them.
The ballots of all such were preserved by me, and
I believe without exception were in favor of Judgo
Birch for Congress. I think all these persons wero
residents of the election district in which they
offered to vote, and had it not been for the enforce-
ment of the ex post facto part of said oath I believe
they each and all would have been entitled to vote
and would have been duly registered," <fec. * *
* * "The votes, or rather the one hundred bal-
lots preserved by me and mentioned above, were not
included in any official count made."
They have hence been included in no nu-
merical aggregate, either of the committee or
myself, but are you prepared to decide against
the oath of these men, and the prospective alle-
giance they pledge to the Government, that
they, too, are not "loyal citizens," for whom
it was the duty of the convention, under the
limitation of the organic act of their exist-
ence, and in view of the inhibitions of the Fed-
eral Constitution as to any other oath than the
one they took, to "preserve in purity the elective
franchise?" And what message shall I send
or carry to this class of men, the conduct of
many of whom, to again repeat the language
