I860.
THE COMPRESSION"AL GLOBE.
1788
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC EXPENSES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the^bill (H. R.
No. 718) making appropriations For the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 80th June, 1869, and
for other purposes, the pending question being
on the amendment of Mr. Morrill, of Ver-
mont, to strike out the word " Greece," in the
twelfth line, from the list of countries for the
salaries of ministers to which appropriations
are made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope this
amendment will be agreed to. I merely desire
to call the attention of the Senate to it. We
made no appropriation last year, and I do not
know for how long a time, for a mission to
Greece. The effect of the appropriation will
certainly be nothing more than to give a place
to some gentleman to go there without any
business. We have not even a consul there
now. If it was proposed to have a consul
there I donot know that I should object. Cer-
tainly, however, our commercial business with
Greece is altogether too small for the support
of a minister. I think at this time, when we
are disposed even to curtail the number of
missions we have, we should not incorporate
ill this bill a provision for a new one of less
importance than some of those we have already
stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 hope this mission
will not be stricken out. I think we ought to
have a minister to Greece. They have had
one here for some time, and I think we ought
to reciprocate the compliment. Considering
the condition of Greece, and in view of our
business with that country, I think we should
have such a mission. We have certainly as
much trade with Greece as we have with sev-
eral countries to the Governments of which
we send missions. We have some trade and
an increasing trade with Greece, and I hope it
will increase still more.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The only
trade we have with Greece is in dried cur-
rants ; and since we raised the duty on dried
currants a few years ago I believe that is nearly
extinct.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I know that is one
article, and I hope we shall have trade with
Greece in a great many things more in the
process of time. Perhaps, however, in this
lgatter, I proceed more upon feeling than upon
argument. I do not believe much in the pol-
icy of endeavoring to save a little by tacking
missions together and sending a minister of
ours abroad, traveling about over mountains
and through valleys, so as to represent us at
two or three different countries. I am rather
disinclined to do business in that picayune
style. I do not think it becomes a great nation,
as we are, and bragging as "much as we do
about how great a people we are. 1 do not
think that kind of economy which is mani-
fested in that way is very much to be desired.
I do not know but that the argument of my
friend from Vermont is founded upon that con-
sideration. I do not think, however, the sav-
ing will amount to anything. I think there are
other missions in the list which might much
better be dispensed with.
Mr. CONICLING. I have listened, Mr.
President, with surprise to the motion of the
Senator 1'rom Vermont. There are a great
many reasons, it seems to me, why that mo-
tion might better have been directed against
any one of several other missions than against
this. There are political reasons applicable to
this particular proposition which alone seem
to me to make it one of more merit than others
in this bill which have gone without challenge.
Greece is represented here now in the person
of a man of great learning and respectability;
and Greece itself has risen and is rising into
an importance which, it seems to me, well
warrants me in saying that that particular
mission should not be selected from all those
named in the bill to be expunged.
In addition to this there is before us—there
is no impropriety, I believe, in my mentioning
it in open session, as I have seen it in the news-
papers—the name of a gentleman nominated
as minister to Greece, the nomination of whom
(considered personally, considered in reference
to his acquirements, considered in reference to
his services, and all the things which might
commend him) is one which we might be glad
to confirm. And although, perhaps, in a certain
sense, that fact is separated from the consider-
ation of this mission in the abstract, we cannot
ignore it. I think the question is whethgr,
with an opportunity to send to Greece a min-
ister not only satisfactory in character, but re-
markably so, I may say, we ought to take action
which will be equivalent to rejecting him and
to striking Greece from the roll of recognized
Powers. In both points of view I should bo
very sorry to see this motion prevail.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I find that
we all have our pets. I yesterday was very
happy to vote with the Senator from Now York,
on a measure of economy, to save some
$20,090. Now, it seems, we divide. If any
Senator can give us any national reasons why
we should vote this money I should like to
hear them. I know of none. It seems to me
that if we voto it at all we must do it on
account of our sympathy with blind old
Homer or some of the old poets and orators
of Greece. Certainly there is nothing in mod-
ern times that requires any representation there
on our part. As I have already stated, we
have stricken out from this bill countries with
which we have far more commercial inter-
course than we have with Greece. If we are
to make any stand for economy anywhere it
should be against increasing appropriations by
adding any new purpose, any new object. The
amount of our commerce with Greece at the
present time is very much less than it has
been. I hope that it maybe more; but if I
were to give a favor to Greece it would be
very much more in the direction of reducing
the duties upon dried currants; and if gentle-
men want to reduce the duties upon dried cur-
rants I should be willing to go with them and
surrender something in that direction. But,
sir, I think this is not an opportune moment
to make a place purposely for any gentleman,
however fit he may be. We luid better let
this gentleman go to some other country than
go to a place where we do not want any repre-
sentative at all.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, if I were
going to reply to my distinguished friend from
Vermont, I should take exception in general
and in detail to a good deal that he has said.
He thinks the advocacy of this mission springs,
with me, at least, out of sympathy with blind
old Homer. Now, I beg to say to the Senator
that I think he is very far wide of the mark.
I not only have no sympathy with blind old
Homer, but I have no idea that such a man
ever lived. On the contrary, upon the evidence
before me, I disposed of that long ago. I do
not believe there ever was any Homer. The
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson'] sug-
gests that he rejects the idea that he was blind,
if there ever was such a man; but I do not
believe there was such a man to be blind even.
The Senator from Vermont, therefore, will see
how entirely wide of the mark he is in his
understanding of this whole matter.
The Senator on my left [Mr. Thayer] pro-
pounds to me the question who wrote a certain
poem of sixteen thousand lines to which he
refers. That is a very awkward question to
answer. If Homer wrote it it survived with-
out a written language for a good many gener-
ations, which I hardly believe, because it must
have been written in the lifetime of the chil-
dren or the grandchildren, at least, of those
who fought in the wars of Troy; and if Homer
lived at all he lived, then, a great while before
there was any written tongue in the country
from which this poem came. But I would
rather discuss that question with my learned
friend in private at some other time, when we
can go through the entire ins and outs of that
whole question. The Senator from Vermont
has been endeavoring to bother me; and one
at a time is as many as I am able to dispose of.
Now, Mr. President, trusting, as I do, that the
Senator from Vermont at the proper time will
retract one piece of injustice which he has
done me on this subject, I wish to reply to an-
other. He says that yesterday I was in an
economical mood, and now I am in favor- of
voting for this mission. I beg to say to him
that I am in the same mood to-day that I was
yesterday, and I return the argument upon him
by inquiring, economical as his mood is, why
he does not propose to strike out some of those
missions which I insist ought to go out in pref-
erence to Greece. That is the thing which I
am discussing. Now, it is a point of consist-
ency, a point of conformity; and I insist upon
it that if we are to appropriate for several mis-
sions, the names of which are before me, there
is no propriety in any regard whatever in se-
lecting Greece and striking her from the roll
of acknowledged Powers. I think the Senator
will see that the fair use of his argument is that
he should apply it to some of these other mis-
sions ; but if he insists upon applying it to this
the question is presented whether the discrim-
ination which he seeks to make ought to be
applicable alone to this particular mission.
My argument is that, considered in respect
of commercial importance, it is of just as much
consequence as several other missions which
wore more or less discussed yesterday, and
that, considered in view of its political import-
ance, and in view of kindred considerations to
which we ought to defer, it is still more im-
portant in the scale of comparison. If the
Senator thinks it will do for us to eliminate
here every mission which falls within the rank
of importance that he assigns to this, I am
ready to go with him, but I protest against his
making a motion which assumes the propriety
of these other insignificant missions and is
leveled solely at this one.
The PRESIDENT joro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The amendment was rejected—ayes six, noes
not counted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There was an
amendment of the committee on page 2 not
yet acted on.
The Secretary. The amendment of the
Committee on Appropriations remaining un-
acted upon is in the sixteenth line of the bill,
second page, to insert11 two hundred and eighty-
six so as to read " $286,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to> offer an
amendment, if it is in order. I hesitate some-
what about it, because it may be the law now,
but if it is the law it is not the practice. I
want to make the law—if this is not the law—
harmonious with the practice and state of facts
which should exist in regard to the representa-
tion of this country abroad. While I make
no discrimination between naturalized and
native-born citizens, yet I would have this
country represented by one or the other. I
think an adopted citizen has all the rights of
any other citizen, and that a person who rep-
resents this country abroad should be either
an adopted or a native-born citizen ; and it is
to meet that case that I offer this amendment
as an additional section :
And be it further enacted. That all persona repre-
senting this Government abroad as consuls, consular
agents, or commercial agents with salary or fees,
wlio are not native-born Americans or naturalized
citizens, such agencies shall be considered termi-
nated after thirty days from the passage of this act.
The object of this amendment is that persons
employed by this Government abroad shall be
either native-born citizens or naturalized. I
think we ought to make no discrimination be-
tween either of these classes, but that our rep-
resentation should be confined to them, and that ,
we should not be represented by persons who \
owe allegiance to other Governments and other \
countries. Commercial agents and officers of
that character are now in the service that are
neither native nor naturalized citizens of the
United States, and this amendment is to term-
