1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
of the court, was "not even blameworthy,"
and who. upon the correlatives of " allegiance
and protection,'' so ably enforced during the
morning by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Orth,] are but naturally entitled to ,-the
protection of the ballot?1' Shall I message
them by telegram, to-night, that the legisla-
tive department of their Government peace-
fully and "loyally"' acquiesces in the "rea-
soning"' of the judicial department? or must
it be that I shall have to carry to their fire-
sides and their public assemblies the ungenial
and unwelcome foreshadowing, that upon such
^ popular upheaving or revolution in this
country as reduced the British Whigs to a
minority in the Parliament which succeeded
their but menaced disfranchisements, can they
alone rely for their disenthrallment from an
unconstitutional and "a degrading punish-
ment?" Let it suffice to add, sir, if aught of
human.reason or of the most eminent author-
ities can suffice, that having brought to my aid
the concurrences of history and of law upon
the point wherein it is my misfortune to
disagree with so respectable and respected a
tribunal as the Committee of Elections, the
decision between us must but naturally go to
the House, and anon to the country from whom
we all derive whatever of legitimate authority
we may exercise here. To that House, which
has so ioug and so patiently listened to me, as
its committee had previously done, there re-
mains to me, in conclusion, but the agreeable
duty of committing the case of my constituents
to their joint and final decision; and of return-
ing to its members, and to you, Mr. Speaker,
my most appreciative acknowledgments, and
my most sincere and respectful thanks.
At the conclusion of the hour the hammer
fell.
Mr. YAN HORN, of Missouri, obtained the
floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
will be allowed to finish his remarks.
The SPEAKER. What length of time—
another hour?
Mr. MAYNARD. Well, sir, that is a mat-
ter personal to himself. I hope he will be
allowed to complete his speech.
The SPEAKER. The contestant informs
the Chair that he is just about half through
and would like another hour. His time will
be extended one hour if there is no objection.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I object. [Cries of
"No, no."] Let him print the rest of his
speech.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest that it would
be useless to print a speech designed to oper-
ate on the minds of members in deciding this
question after the vote has been taken.
Mr. DAWES. I trust the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw his objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have not noticed
that either the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] or the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard] has been paying very close
attention to the speech of the contestant.
Mr. MAYNARD. I presume the gentle-
man from Illinois did not notice the gentleman
from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois insist on his objection ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I move to
suspend the rules to enable the contestant to
proceed.
The SPEAKER. The rules can only be
suspended on Monday.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the objection will be
withdrawn.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I appeal
to the gentleman from Illinois to allow the con-
testant to proceed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I should be very
happy to gratify the gentleman from Missouri
or any other gentleman, but I do not think
the public business will be advanced by our
hearing a speech of another hour from this
gentleman.
Mr. WARD. If I am entitled to the floor
I will yield my time to the contestant.
The SPEAKER". The Chair recognizes the
sitting member from Missouri [Mr. Van Horn]
as entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of j
order. I would inquire of the Chair whether
our rule applies to any one except a member
of this House? Does it apply to one who is
not a member, but who has been permitted to
address the House?
The SPEAKER. It does in this case,
because the permission was granted to him to
address the House subject to its rules.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not understand the
permission to be granted on those terms.
The SPEAKER. That is the usual form.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I will yield
one half of my time to the contestant.
Mr. BIRCH, (contestant.) Before resuming
my remarks I desire to return my thanks to
the contestee for his courtesy—a courtesy which
is appreciated everywhere in our district, as
well by his political adversaries as his political
friends.
Mr. Birch then concluded his remarks as
above.
message from the president.
Two messages in writing from the President
were communicated to the House by Colonel W.
G. Moore, hisSecretary; also a message inform-
ing the House that the President had approved
and signed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 119)
j in relation to the printing of the report of the
I Postmaster General, and a joint resolution (H.
j R. No. 126) changing the time of holding the
! annual meeting of the stockholders of the Union
I Pacific Railroad Company.
| enrolled joint resolution signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills,'reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled a
joint resolution of the following title; when
the Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 130) in relation
to the sale of stock in the Dismal Swamp Canal
Company.
diplomatic and consular service.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States; which was read, and with the
accompanying document was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
I herewith transmit to Congress a report dated the
20th instant, with the official papers received from
the Secretary of State, in compliance with the re-
quirements of the eighteenth section of the act enti-
tled "An act to regulate the diplomatic and consular
systems of the United States," approved August 18,
1856. ANDliKW JOHNSON.
Washington, December 20, 1867.
american whaleships.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
; the United States; which was read, and with
the accompanying papers was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed:
1 To the Haute of Representatives ;
In answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 18th instant, requesting information
concerning alleged interference of Russian naval
1 vessels with whaling vessels of the United States, I
transmit a report of the Secretary of State and the
papers referred to therein.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
i Washington, Dec.mber 31, 1867.
| swamp lands in southern states.
j The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War
| ad interim, transmitting reports from the com-
j manders of the five military districts relative to
j the quantity of swamp lands granted to the
| States lately in rebellion and yet undisposed
j of by said States; which, with-the accompany-
ing papers, was referred to t* Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
| election contest—m'keb vs. young.
| The SPEAKER also laid before the House
: sundry depositions taken by A. J. Ewing, in
Bath county, Kentucky, in the election contest
of Samuel McKee vs. J. D. Young for a seat
in the Fortieth Congress of the United States ;
which were referred to the Committee of
Elections.
springfield armory.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War
ad interim, transmitting, in compliance with
the act of July 2,1794, a report from the Chief
of Ordnance relative to the manufacture and
repair of arms at the Springfield armory during
the year ending June 30, 1807; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
election contest—birch vs. yan horn.
The House resumed the consideration of
the report of the Committee of Elections in
the contested-election case of Birch vs. Van
Horn, from the sixth congressional district
of Missouri, upon which Mr. Van Horn, of
Missouri, was entitled to the floor.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker,
I had no thought of occupying the time of the
House in the discussion of this question until
informed that the contestant intended making
" a speech," as the committee have certainly
left no ground for an argument. But as he
has so often declared, as reported, during his
canvass, that he would freely give $1,000 for
the privilege of making one speech in Con-
gress, it is to be presumed that the opportu-
nity could not be lost. I mention this fact
merely for the benefit of the Speaker, that the
proper credit may be entered in favor of the
contingent fund in any bill which may be ren-
dered in behalf of the contestant in this case.
For many years has the distinguished gentle-
man been seeking the opportunity, and in
behalf of the people of the sixth district I
thank the House for the privilege—it may save
them a hundred next fall.
In this case there is nothing that he can
complain of save the manner in which the
people voted. He was left "alone in his
glory" during the canvass. Although he did
me the honor to invite a discussion before the
people, yet, as he was running for a Congress
for which I was not a candidate, the utility of
such a proceeding was not apparent.
In the contest here, in which he believes
himself to have been engaged, he has also had
the field entirely to himself. I have not even
called a witness, and in a majority of instances
was not represented to cross-examine his. He
has with his own hand written nearly every depo-
sition in the case, and the only trouble he has
had was in getting men to sign them. More than
this, when in March he complained that the
session had compelled him to forego much that
he intended to prove, I had the time extended
sixty days, all of which he consumed without
let or hinderance. He gave notice that at cer-
tain times and places and before certain officers
he would take testimony, yet he took it at dif-
ferent places and before different officers with-
out warrant of law, and with no one to inter-
fere ; yet he has had advantage of all testimony
so taken. If then, under all these favoring
circumstances, he hap go signally failed as to
leave me without even a minority report to cast
a doubt upon my right to the seat he cannot
say "I did it." I shall not attempt to combat
what does not exist, leaving him where the
committee find him ; but 1 hope to be pardoned
in a few brief remarks upon the general sub-
ject.
This is no new question, nor is it raised by
a new contestant. No matter how often he
runs, no matter by what majority beaten, a
contest is inevitable. Nor is this the only case.
From the time the Union men of Missouri
first began to deal with the rebellion and with
rebels it has been the custom to contest.
Unless beaten by thousands a contest is sure
to follow. In 1862 your records will show a
cloud, of contestants, the distinguished gentle-
man himself amopg the number. In 18f>4
these were not quite so numerous, because the
constituency on the day of election were mostly
