284
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[February 20,
Senate.
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
We are, indeed, treading in the footsteps of
Mexico and the countries of South America.
Mr. President, a serious cause of increasing
weakness in our system of blended national
and State governments, is the greatly increased
and still increasing number of the States,
which is proportionably augmenting the power
and influence of the General Government and
decreasing that of the States. A single State
cannot make herself felt in a Union of forty
as she could in thirteen States. But the great
weakness of our Government is the impeacba-
bility of the President and of the judges of the
Supreme Court by the two Houses of Congress.
It establishes on the part of Congress a per-
petual and irrepressible aggression upon the
other departments, that must sooner or later
subvert their independence and break up the
great principle of separating the powers of
Government into three classes, and vesting
each in a different magistracy. That inherent
weakness of our system even now threatens it
with utter overthrow, and fully justifies the
serious apprehension of it which Mr. Madison
expressed in the Convention. The impeach-
ment will be generally not for crime or moral
turpitude, but for political differences. It will
require all the jealous watchfulness of the
people to restrain the encroaching spirit of
Congress.
CONCLUSION.
Mr. President, while factions are the bane
of popular Governments, parties formed and
maintained truthfully and temperately upon
opposing principles and policies, tend to their
safety and preservation. All strong parties
that are possessed of the powers of Govern-
ment for a long time, necessarily degenerate
into factions, and abandon principle to follow
the lure of ambition, avarice, revenge, and
other debauching passions. For the safety of
the country the duration of parties should be
short, and follow each other in succession, and
the party administering the Government should
have a strong, able, and vigilant Opposition ;
nothing can long prevent its degeneracy, and
that can only delay it. The Republican party
has existed too long, and seized J'as aut nefas
upon greatly too much power, and aggregated
too much in numbers. The best good of the
whole country, the very existence of our sys-
tem of mixed national and State governments,
require that it should come to an end, and a
speedy end.
Mr. President, do not your political friends
give their opponents grounds thus to arraign
them. The motives and ends of your whole
policy of reconstruction are palpable and trans-
parent, and none are so blind, so stupid, as not
to see and understand them. Humanity and
philanthropy, to benefit and elevate the freed
negroes, are but pretexts. You know the infe-
riority and incapability of that race ; but their
liberation having been effected chiefly by your
efforts, and knowing that this has bound them
strongly to you, your conclusion is, that if they
possessed the right of suffrage they' would ex-
ercise it in the interests and conformably to
the will of their benefactors. You persuade
yourselves that you would get and hold posses-
sion of them, and that their votes would add
so much to your political power. No man so
credulous as to believe that if the negro popu-
lation was as large in the former free States,
respectively, as it is in the ten southern States,
that any considerable number of your party
would advocate their right of suffrage; and
every one knows that if you were convinced
they would as generally vote against you, as
you now believe they would for you, the vehe-
mence of your opposition would greatly exceed
the zeal of your present advocacy of that propo-
sition.
If you are true and sincere in supporting the
right of suffrage to the hundreds of thousands
oi negroes in the southern States, why do you
withhold it from the few thousands in your
own? If you and the southern white people
were in exactly reversed situations as to the
freed negro, there is none of you, not one, that
would now be found advocating negro suffrage.
If you are such disinterested and generous
friends of that downtrodden race, and you in
truth believe that they are still wronged and
outraged by their former owners, why do you
not hold out to them inducements—great in-
ducements—to leave such unfriendly society
and come tcvyour fraternal arms, where you
could give them full community of civil, polit-
ical, and social rights and privileges with the
white race? You ostentatiously proclaim that
it is only prejudice, senseless prejudice, that
operates upon any white persons to bring them
to reject the negro race from this full commu-
nity. You who take this ground have the
privilege to prove the truth of your professions
by your works. Have you done so? How
many of you have negro wives, negro sons-in-
law, and daughters-in-law?
Who of you, when you spread your feasts
and have your convivial parties, when you
gather to your hospitable mansions the white
youth and beauty and innocence of your circles,
invite and mingle with them the black skins, the
woolly heads, and the odoriferous effluvia of the
sons and daughters of Africa? If upon these
points you are as exclusive as others, does it not
prove that when you take position in favor of
negro equality you are only attempting to cajole
them and their weak friends by shallow and false
demagogeiy to cheat them ot their votes? If
they would go and reside among you they could
receive at once, if you were disposed to confer
it upon them, free and unobstructed suffrage
and the fullest equality with you. A few years
since a proposition was made in this Chamber
to distribute the whole negro population of the
United States among the several States, in the
ratio of their white people, and you voted
against it. You are opposed to that race being
colonized out of the United States; many of
you are unfriendly to its removal from the
southern to the northern States, and to for-
eign white immigration into the southern
States; but you are all in favor of the negroes
in the southern States staying there and being
enfranchised, aud large numbers of the whites
being disfranchised, so that the few white Rad-
icals and all the negroes may cast the votes of
those States at the presidential and congres-
sional elections in your interests and for your
candidates.
In furtherance of this policy you have passed
laws to enfranchise seven hundred thousand
negroes and to disfranchise three hundred
thousand white men in the ten southern States.
You have abolished the governments formed
by their white people under the guarantees of
their independence and the Constitution of
the United States, and instead you have sub-
stituted a military despotism to organize negro
governments, to be administered under your
tutelage and to secure your continuance in your
power. You carry forward this work of usurp-
ation, revolution and tyranny by the organ-
ization of five extraordinary military depart-
"ments in those States, and by the presence and
surveillance of large bodies of soldiers, com-
manded by five willing and active epauletted
tools, and you propose its consummation by the
erection of a military dictatorship in the person
of the General of the Army of the United
States. You forbid any further recognition
of the State governments in those States by the
executive or judicial departments, although
the Constitution vests the cognizance of State
government in each department of the Gov-
ernment of the United States for its appropri-
ate constitutional action, and from which Con-
gress has no more authority to exclude the
executive and judicial departments than they
have to exclude Congress. Over this, and all
other subjects confided to the several depart-
ments, they are coordinate and coequal and
neither can affect any control or superiority
over the others. Without a.particle of consti-
tutional power you prescribe who shall and
who shall not vote, who shall and who shall
not be candidates in those ten States, and your
edicts are to be enforced by the bayonet- 'I his
is equivalent for you yourselves, without the
intervention of any agency to make govern-
ments for those States. This mocking bur-
lesque of the enactment of the sovereign power
of the people of a State to form their own gov-
ernment, you declare in the bill to be '' to the
end that the people of the said several States
may speedily reorganize civil governments, re-
publican in form, in said several States, and
be restored to political power in the Union."
The Constitution invests the President with
the power, and charges him with the duty, of
having the laws faithfully executed ; and makes
him the Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and Navy of the United States. It tolerates
no partition of these great powers, but organ-
izes them as units, and vests them in the Pres-
ident alone. From his exercise of them there
is no appeal, no revision, but his action is final
and absolute. Yet the terms of this bill divest
the President of both those powers for an in-
definite time in the ten southern States, and
clothe the General of the Army with them.
Those powers form most important parts of
his office, which he has sworn faithfully to
execute, notwithstanding this bill declares
any attempts by him to execute them in the
ten States to be crimes for which it subjects
him io ignominious punishment. The bill in-
vites and urges the General of the Army and
other military officers to insubordination and
disobedience of the authority of the Com-
mander-in-Chief, and if any of them should
be weak enough to yield and incur the guilt,
they would be subject to die bj'the sentence of
a court-martial.
But your reconstruction bills not only violate
the Constitution by seizing upon powers which
it does not confer upon Congress, and forbid-
ding their exercise by the departments to which
it has confided them, and by stripping the
white people of ten States of their power to
form the Governments and control the inter-
nal affairs of their respective States, but they
have also torn from the southern people all the
rights, privileges, and liberties guarantied to
them in common with all the people of the
United States by the Constitution. Those
States were during the whole war de jure States
of the United States, with the proper relations
between them and the Government of the
United States and the other States suspended by
actual hostilities ; but when those hostilities
terminated, by the operation of the Constitu-
tion and laws, the States involved in the rebel-
lion rightfully resumed the same relations in
the Union which they had occupied before the
revolt; and they and their people became en-
titled to all the rights, liberties, and privileges,
and subject to all the duties and obligations, of
the other States and their people ; but all per-
sons of every State who had entered into the
revolt were liable according to law, both civilly
and criminally, for their acts. That the citi-
zens of the States who.se relations with the
United States were suspended by the insurrec-
tion that remained.faithful to the Constitution,
laws, and authorities of the United States,
notwithstanding, become alien enemies, and
subject to all the consequences which the laws
of nations extend to alien enemies, is as un-
sound and as untrue as it is unjust and cruel.
The case is not controlled by the law of nations,
but by the principles of our own Constitution
and mixed system of national and State Gov-
ernments ; and it must be decided by them
alone, and between them and the doctrine regu-
lating alien enemies there is irreconcilable aud
fatal conflict.
But to concede for argument that the State
governments of the ten southern States were
| abrogated by the rebellion and its suppression,
i their people continued to be citizens of the
I United States. Is there any one so demented
