3832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
I will add farther that in the district to which
I allude in California during the last fiscal year
which ended on the last day of last month there
were collected by the internal revenue depart-
ment over live million dollars at a cost of less
than one half of one per cent, for the collec-
tion. I do not say this in the way of boasting,
bat for the purpose of showing that it is pos-
sible to enforce the collection of this tax even
at the rate that is prescribed by law.
Now, let me reiterate what I said at the
start, to wit, that if the tax is reduced you will
find these petty-larceny fellows in sufficient
numbers to evade the payment of that tax; and
you will not, by putting it down at this low rate,
and in that manner appealing to the generos-
ity of this class of people, succeed in collect-
ing the small amount per gallon that you pre-
scribe.
I am very loth to reduce the tax on whisky
from two dollars to any very low sum. If we
must concede that we cannot collect the tax
unless we reduce it down to the low rate of
fifty cents or less upon a gallon that argument
is in favor of removing the tax entirely, and
we had better throw it off that product entirely
and tax bread or some more useful article than
whisky for the purpose of raising revenue.
This is of all articles that which should pay
the most tax, and in my judgment we can en-
force the tax. If we cannot gel the very high
rate which is now prescribed by law, lot us not
go away down through fear that these persons
who are defrauding the Government will bo
able to continue their frauds, but put it down
to §1 50, and by no means lower than one dol-
lar per gallon. Wo should not, in my judg-
ment, so dispense with this means of revenue
as to make it necessary to put a high tax upon
the proper industries of the country to meet
the deficiency which will result from so reduc-
ing this tax, piovided o( course that we are
able to collect the tax levied by lav/. I appeal
to Senators, with all the earnestness of my
nature, not to reduce this tax to the low rate
of fifty cents; but 1 shall not detain the Senate
further.
Mr. POMKROY. Mr. President, the pend-
ing amendment J understand to be the one
offered by me striking out fifty cents and insert-
ing two dollars as the tax on each gallon of
whisky. 1 moved that amendment sincerely,
after considering the subject, as well as I could,
and believing that it was better not to reduce
the tax than lo reduce it. I have read as far
as I have been able what was said in the. House
of Representatives and what has been said in
the Semite on this subject, and at first I
thought 1 might bring my mind to believe that
alter all it might bo better as we are situated
to reduce this tax ; but it is so against every
sentiment 1 ever entertained, so against my
convictions of what is best, that on retlection
I have concluded to adhere, so far as my vote
goes, to the old tax. If there are any reasons
why we should come down to a dollar or adol-
lar and a half, those reasons may be considered;
but to come down to fifty cents I believe to be
entirely out of the question.
1 take itthatevery Senator feels as I do, that
we are representing a Government in this mat-
ter, that it is not our interests simply, that it is
not ourselves who are concerned, but the ques-
tion is what is best for tins great Government
to do. We h appen to he dealers and part-
ners and holders of whisky, I am sorry to say.
The Government itself holds and owns to-day
more whisky than any other party, more whisky
than the "whisky ring," ofwhich we have heard
so much. I am unable to state precisely the
amount, but it is not less than twenty-five mil-
lion gallons; it may be thirty millions. We
represent a Government in interest in this mat-
ter. The Unity millions which we own, which
have been forfeited to us, arc worth to us two
dollars a gallon, and it is our fault that whisky
does not bring more than that in the market.
There isan inteiestof notlessthau So0,000,000
which this Government has in whisky because
it owns it and holds it.
What would individual proprietors do if they
held this property? Knock down its price to
a dollar a gallon ? Would individual proprie-
tors holding such a large interest in whisky
pursue a course to reducc its value? That
whisky ought to bring and by a judicious man-
agement might be made to net two dollars a
gallon. Would individuals pursue a course to
have it net them seventy-five or eighty cents?
In the first place, then, the Government is
interested to a very large extent in keeping up
the price of whisky and not in pulling it down.
In the second place, I do not believe there is
any utility to the country in having cheap
whisky. Who wants it cheap? It is no in-
terest to the manufacturer to have it cheap ;
it is no interest to the producer to have it
cheap; it is none to the Government; and I
do not know that, it is any interest to the con-
sumer, and in fact it is rather my opinion that
his interest lies in the direction of expensive
and dear whisky, and, if there is such a thing,
as my friend from Kentucky intimated, good
whisky, of which I have always had my doubts.
I regard the question of having cheap whisky
as not worthy of consideration. No person in
this country that produces it, nopai ties that
hold it, no persons engaged intlie manufacture
or trade, either desire or can afford really to
have cheap whisky. Besides, in itself it is not
an article that ought to be cheap. It is an
article that is making war upon us, war upon
individuals, war upon society. It produces
pauperism and crime. It makes everything
else dear. It never ought, to be cheap. It
never ought to be tolerated. It is one of the
enemies of our race, socially and in every
other way, and we ought not, to pursue a course
to make it cheap. Who wants it cheap? If
the tax can he kept up at two dollars a gallon,
and religiously and strictly enforced, as 1 be-
lieve it can, the price should be at least §2 40
a gallon.
The Senator from Ohio argued at considerable
length to-day, and with agreat.dealoffairness, as
I thought, until he came to the point tiiat if we
put the tax back at two dollars we should have
to change the whole framework of this bill.
Why change it? I thought this bill was drawn
to enforce the collcction of the tax. I thought
many portions of it were peculiarly adapted to
detecting fraud. I thought that if we had had
the framework of this bill in the law that pro-
vided for assessing two dollars a gallon wo
should have got the two dollars, f am now at
a loss to know why it is that if we raise this
tax to two dollars we shall have to change the
whole framework of the bill. 1 fail to see it.
I do not believe we can afford to sacrifice the
amount of whisky we have on hand to any
temporizing policy, nor make any concessions
to the combination that is organized to defeat
the law. I would not disguise the fact that
there is an organization and combination in
this country, as I suppose, known and called
" the whisky ring,'' the object of which is to
make what they can off the defeat of the law,
the object.of which is to control the manufac-
ture and sale of whisky in this country, so that
| they can defeat the ends the law has in view in
levying the tax. I do not doubt that there is
such an organization ; 'out why surrender to it?
It is an organization against law ; it is a rebel-
lion against statute ; and I would no more sur-
render to this whisky rebellion that is got up
j to defeat the collection of the tax than i would
i surrender to an armed rebellion. Itisnomore
| respectable to do it; it is as much against our
patriotic sentiments to do it; and we ought to
organize this Government on purpose to defeat
this whisky rebellion. But to surrender in
advance, to come down before we have thrown
stones or turf or anything, and say to these
men, "We retire, and you shall have the tax at
fifty cents," is too humiliating to me. 1 do not
believe the necessity of doing that is upon us.
I do not believe the interests of the country
demand it. I believe we shall be cheated just
as surely with fifty cents as with two dollars as
the tax.
For these reasons, without desiring in the
heat of this night to detain the Senate, I have
moved the amendment to ascertain what the
sentiment of the Seriate is. The other Hoase
has expressed its conviction, and now I want
fairly and deliberately the judgment of tha
Senate.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. President, I suppose
the Senator from Kansas knows very well that
the party that he alludes t,o, what is called the
whisky ring, to which he says he would not sur-
render, want the defeat of this bill; and they
want precisely what is now proposed, tokeep the
tax at two dollars agallon. We have offered this
tax of two dollars a gallon, and we find that we
collect about ten per cent, of it. We may not,
do any better with the reduced tax; but it
would be pretty hard to do worse. At any
rate, I entirely agree with him in one thing,
that I would not surrender; and I am very
much in hopes that the Senate will not sur-
render; but they will surrender the moment
they defeat this bill and keep the tax at two
dollars. That I consider a perfect surrender to
the whisky ring, for that is precisely what they
want and what they intend to accomplish.
Mr. CATTELL. I fully concur in the senti-
ments just expressed by the Senator from New-
York ; and in addition to what he has said I
wish to remark that, in my judgment and the
judgment of the Finance Committee the very
highest possible rate of tax which can be
properly collected without the intervention of
bonded warehouses has been adopted by the
committee. If we depart from about a fifty
or sixty cent tax, it becomes a matter of abso-
lute necessity that you shall provide a system
of warehouses in which the liquor can be
stored, because otherwise so an amount of
capital is required to conduct the business at
a tax of two dollars per gallon that it cannot
be done except by concentrating it in the
hands of capitalists throughout the country,
which would not be submitted to by our peo-
ple. For a distillery that makes fifty barrels
per day, and that is moderate distilling—there
are some in our country making more than
two hundred barrels per day—lor one that
makes fifty barrels per day the tax, at two dol-
lars a gallon, is £-1,000 per day. livery gen-
tleman on this floor knows that, as with the
brandy made in California, so with the whisky
that is used for drinking, the line whisky, it
must be kept for a time in order to become fit.
for use ; and in order that it shall be kept, if
the tax must be paid at the distillery, think for
a moment what the amount is of $4,000 a day
in taxes. It is $120,000 on the production of
a moderate distillery in a single month. It is
impossibleto conduct the business successfully,
in my judgment, upon any higher rate of tax
than is provided for in this bill unless you go
back to the system of bonded warehouses.
Mr. POilliUO Y. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator how much the Government has on hand ?
Mr. CATTELL. The Government has not
any, but in bonded warehouses belonging to
other people I suppose there are about twenty-
five million gallons.
Mr. POMEUOY. How much has been for-
feited to the Government; how much does the
Government own?
Mr. CATTELL. I do not know; but not
much, I take it. The chairman of the cooi-
mittee perhaps can tell.
Mr. SHERMAN. It cannot be much.
Mr. CATTELL. It is well for the Senate1,
when they are voting upon the question of the
amount of the tax, to consider this point. I
think the Senate will see that it will be abso-
lutely necessary to go back to the warehouse
system if we keep the tax at two dollars a,
gallon. We never can collect a tax of two
dollars a gallon at the still. It is utterly im-
possible, in my judgment, to conduct the trade
in that form.
Mr. President, every gentleman who has
addressed the Senate on this subject seems to
have the idea that the frauds upon the revenue
in regard to whisky result from some particu-
lar cause. Some ascribe it to one cause and
some to another. My judgment is that it
results from just one cause, and one only, and
