400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
under the banner of Sterling Price, making
rapid marches to place the Arkansas river
between them and the loyal voters in their
rear, and consequently had no opportunity to
disturb the polls. But in 1800 they had re-
turned, and the result is three contests from
Missouri; and just so long will this continue
as countenance and pay for contesting can be
found here.
First, every effort is made to break down
the law of the State, then an appeal for a
hearing by this House, where before a new
audience they may arraign the ''tyranny of
Radical proscription" — which means simply
that rebels are allowed to live in Missouri in
peace and safety, protected by her laws, en-
gaged in her marts of trade, in tilling her soil,
in every pursuit of life, and prevented only
from seizing her government and turning its
machinery upon the Union men of the State,
as is done to-day by their coadjutors in Mary-
land and Kentucky.
It may be a mystery to many why so lame a
case has been brought here—so lame even
when no rebutting testimony was taken. But
it was simply because it is all there was of it.
Well was it known that an effort to disturb the
poll-books would only have resulted in more
than doubling the majority by which the con-
testant was beaten. When it is known that
two senatorial and three representative con-
tests before the Missouri Legislature from the
district have been decided against candidates
on the same ticket with the gentleman, and
hundreds of ballots thrown out for fraud, upon
which his name heads the list, the explanation
is patent.
More than this. All his array of rejected
votes is outside the case. There is no list of
"rejected" voters kept at the polls, but any
man, be he citizen of Missouri or Texas may
go and vote in the rejected box—it amounts to j
nothing. But the secret of this rejected vote
was well understood at the time—in fact, there :
was no secret about it. All disqualified men j
were exhorted to go to the election and vote a !
rejected ballot, and, as his own testimony ]
shows, iu some cases these bits of paper were
collected by passing round a hat in a grocery,
or some process akin to it. And to induce
them to do this they were told that when
the Congress, composed of the northern oppo-
sition and the southern delegates which the
President was to recognize as Congress, met,
all such votes would be counted and the gen-
tleman and his friends be admitted. This is
the motive for all the frauds and violence
against the laws of Missouri in the last elec-
tion and of the contests which have arisen. Say
what they may now, this was their open and
avowed purpose in the election canvass.
It is very easy to understand a matter when
it is explained, and a very easy thing to carry
elections when you have everything your own
way; the only difficulty in this case was that it
did not succeed. My venerable friend, how-
ever, is not so much to blame as is his party.
He has a weakness for office, particularly for
Congress, and is always willing to lead a for-
lorn hope. He has been a candidate for a
seat here for more than thirty years, varied on
occasions by efforts to reach the gubernatorial
chair or anything else that offered, and never
but once in his history, I believe, has he suc-
ceeded before the people, and that was when he
ran as a Union man lor the Missouri conven-
tion in February, 1861, at a time in that State
when Unionism was with many theoretical, and
when even Sterling Price was chosen president
of a Union convention. He was then elected
one of three "Union men" from one of the
most hopelessly rebel districts in the State.
But he soon found that a majority, as one of
his witnesses testifies, were on the other aide,
and he began to be fiercely conservative. He
was once a prisoner-guest of Sterling Price,
and I am not sure that he is not under parole
to this day. Certain it is that e*er since, either
under parole to "do nothing against the rebels
until exchanged" or from some other control-
ling cause, he has been trying to wipe out what
little loyal record he ever had and to ingratiate
I himself with the rebel elejnent of the St|rte,
; until he is to-day one of its most trusted
' leaders.
I ask pardon of the House for this personal
episode. I should not have referred at all to
the gentleman's history or position but for the
fact that in an ex parte proceeding, and in
affidavits written by himself and attested by
hieroglyphic signatures, with no chance for
defense, he has assailed the loyalty of men,
officers of registration above all reproach, and
whose characters for all that ennobles loyal men
are as free from reproach or doubt as his own
is obnoxious to both. It became necessary
■ at the last election in Missouri that a desperate
attempt should be made to break down the
election laws of the State. Delegation after
delegation waited upon the President asking
him to interfere and " guaranty a republican
form of government" to his oppressed sup-
porters. Every species of violence, intimida-
tion, fraud, perjury, and corruption was em-
ployed, and failing, they now, with an assurance
which passes all credibility, are asking Con-
gress to interfere in their behalf.
I have purposely avoided complicating this
case with any testimony of my own, anxious
that an opportunity should be afforded the
House to know what all this cry of "tyranny,
violence, and terror'' in Missouri really meant.
And it fully demonstrates it. It stands out in
it? full and only purpose—an effort to reinstate
the rebels of Missouri in power; to reenact
there the crimes and outrages of which Mary-
land and Kentucky are examples; to place the
gallant and sorely tried men of Missouri under
the feet of those they have conquered; to use
the courts and their machinery to harass and
persecute Union men all over the State, as they
have done and are now doing in every county
in which they have succeeded in getting control.
It is this we are resisting by our laws, and it
is this we ask the House to resist, by uphold-
ing these laws and settling once for all the fact
that Congress will not assist in reinstating in
power the rebel element which the Union men
of Missouri have just put down.
A word as to the policy and necessity of dis-
franchisement. Much has been said of amnesty
and pardon by despotic rulers, and their exam-
ple held up for our emulation. Well may a
despot who is the State, and who holds in his
hand all the powers of the Government, grant
his pardon. If the offender is not cured the
remedy is at once available to punish and crush.
In our system, where each has equal power as
a ruler and where all abuses are remediable
by majorities, the rebel is not in revolt against
a personal ruler, but against society, against
the law he has himself established, and against
a Government of which he is as much a part as
thosa against whom he wages war. How, then,
is he to be restrained when he becomes an
enemy ? By clothing him anew with the power
of control or by depriving him of the power to
do harm? This can be done by one of two
methods only: by depriving him of life or lib-
erty, or by depriving him of his function as a
ruler in the State.
A monarch when he pardons does not abdi-
cate in favor of the pardoned, nor does he
share his prerogative with him. He simply
says I forego my right to take your life, or to
imprison you, banish you, or strip you of your
property. You are free to go and do so long
as you commit no. offense. But in a Govern-
ment ruled by votes the rebel after being
conquered in arms is capable of a thousand-
fold more injury by his ballot than he was by
his musket. With the musket he only kills
the individual; with the ballot he can destroy
the State. The one is violence to be overcome
by force; the other is poison which kills under
the forms of law which the traitor only disre-
gards. The lojtel man must perforce submit,
for the thing is done under the law ; the rebel
repudiates the law and submits only to what
he pleases. Disfranchisement is a remedy
unknown to despotic Governments, simply
because the function of suffrage is unknown.
It is a remedy known only to democratic gov-
ernment, because it is the only protection
democracies can have against those of their
number who attempt to destroy their form of
government. There is but one form of treason
in our Republic—force or abetting force—and
it is simply folly, suicide, to put down armed
treason only to clothe it by the law of the bal-
lot with command of the power to which it has
just surrendered.
It is this that has influenced Missouri in the
enactment of her laws. Stringent thpy are
admitted to be; stringent they had to be,
where perjury was systematized and taught ae
the tactics of political warfare. Stringent as
they are, perjury in hundreds of instances is
only prevented by a 'personal knowledge or a
public record which prevents its attempt.
The worst class of men in the State are
those who joined the rebels after they had
surrendered. Hating a cause they had not
the courage to fight when armed ; loving trea-
son always, but loving property more, they
have joined themselves to the championship
of a lost cause, and exhibit a hate and
malignity sharpened by a sense of their own
cowardice and hypocrisy. At home they are
known, but here, with professions of loyalty
upon their lips, they pursue unblushingly a
game of confidence which in things material
would be visited with the rigors of your penal
statutes.
We have pardoned and amnestied all our
rebels. They have been treated with a mag-
nanimity and generosity unknown to previous
civil wars. They plant and sow, reap and
enjoy, free from even social ban, treated to
the same legal protection accorded to the most
loyal defender of the State. We have only
said you must stand back from the control of
the Government against which you have warred
until 1871, and then by the simple affirmation
of the people, through their representatives,
without the formality of constitutional change,
you can be reinvested with all you have for-
feited and stand up in the full stature of citi-
zens of Missouri—a Missouri free, prosperous
and powerful beyond the wildest dreams of her
ancient rulers—rulers you so faithfully fol-
lowed. And this, Mr. Speaker, is Radical ty-
ranny, Radical oppression and Radical wrong
in sorely tried but victorious Missouri.
Mr. POLAND obtained the floor.
Mr. KERR. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] to yield to me for a
short time.
Mr. POLAND. I will do so.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I shall occupy
the attention of the House for only a few
moments in endeavoring to explain a few
points in reference to the report which has
been submitted by the Committee of Elections
in this case.
I desire to say that I concur in the conclu-
sions of the committee in reference to the right
of the sitting member to retain his seat. I
wish also to say that in my judgment there
existed in this case such a condition of facts as,
if they had been properly placed upon the
record here, would have made a case clearly
entitling the contestant to admission to the
seat. 1 make that remark as explanatory of
the further remark that in acting upon this
case the committee were compelled to act upon
the evidence before them, upon the case made
by the parties themselves; and acting upon
that case I have no hesitation in saying that
the committee could reach no other conclusion
than that at which they have arrived. The
difficulties under which the contestant labored
in making his case were very great, if not insur-
mountable, and have been sufficiently explained
by him.
I desire now to say a few words in reference
to a question of law presented in this case.
The learned gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Poland,] in the report which he has drawn in
this case, says, speaking of the right to exer-
cise the elective franchise:
"When once granted it is not a vested, irrevocable
right, but is held at the pleasure of the power that
