1784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10>
inate within thirty days the connection of all
those gentlemen with this Government.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator is
arguing 011 a misapprehension. I will state to
him what the law is 
Mr. POMEROY. I said in the beginning if
it is the law it is not the practice. I want
these offices terminated within thirty days.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The law on the
subject now is that no person can be appointed
as a consul entitled to a salary unless he is an
American citizen, but the law does authorize
the employment of commercial agents abroad
who are not citizens; and 1 think if the Sena-
tor reflects upon it, he willsee that it is for very
obvious reasons. It may be necessary to em-
ploy such an agent, who does not represent the
Government in any sense except as commer-
cial agent, having no diplomatic functions
whatever. If it is necessary to have an Amer-
ican agency abroad with no salary and with
compensation depending only on the fees that
arise in the transaction of the business, neces-
sarily the agent must often be a foreigner for the
obvious reason that none but a foreigner could
afford to perform the duties simply for the fees.
As this involves a question of policy, if it is to
be considered at all, I suggest to the Senator
that it is hardly fit to be considered on an
appropriation bill. It ought to be considered
either by the Committee on Commerce or the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. POMEROY. I hinted that it was not
strictly in order under our rules, because it
proposes general legislation, but I thought it
might be admitted by unanimous consent.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that my
friend from Kansas has not taken into consid-
eration the essential difficulty of finding agents
of the Government in certain places whore the
business of the United States is very limited,
and yet where occasion may require the ser-
vices of an agent. I call his attention to a
particular port; take the port of Falmouth, in
England—on the southern coast of England.
I do not know that the Senator is aware that
there is a family of Quakers thereby the name
of Fox, who have been the consuls and latterly
the consular agents of the United States, I
think I am not mistaken if I say from the time
of the Revolution. They have not been dis-
turbed. The place has been offered, I think,
more than once to American citizens, but tliey
found that there was no object in going there ;
there was no salary : the fees were trivial and
unimportant; and then, the place was not
otherwise tempting in the way of business;
and therefore the American citizens who re-
ceived this o0'er always refused it. I call to
my inind one who had the papers sent to him
by the Department of State constituting him
consul of the United States at Falmouth ; he
took it into consideration, but he found that
there was nothing there to tempt him to leave
his home. Mr. Fox, the English Quaker—1
call him so, I think he was of that persuasion—
has continued in the place ever since.
I mention that as one case which happens to
come within my own particular knowledge. I
doubt not that all over the world there are
other cases very much of the same character,
where it would be difficult, if not impossible,
for the United States to find a competent agent
unless it could employ a foreigner.
Mr. POMEROY. I have called the atten-
tion of the Senate to this question. There
may be, and probably there are, cases such
as the Senator from Massachusetts has alluded
to ; but if there are places where the otlice is
so insignificant and the fees so small that no-
body will take the place, it is not of any very
great consequence to this Government to keep
up such a consulate. I have, however, had
pointed out to me abuses which have grown
up ; and if we were going into a discussion of
the matter, T might point out cases to the
Senate. As it is, however, I do not consider
it strictly in order to insist upon the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. POMEROY. I will say that there are
cases where great abuses have grown out of
the system of allowing persons who are not
citizens, either native or adopted, to hold very
important relations and sustain very important
trusts, while they owe no allegiance to this
Government. That is an evil and abuse which
I would gladly correct. The reason why I
suggested that the proposition was not strictly
in order is that it is legislation which is not
appropriate on a general appropriation bill.
I therefore withdraw the amendment.
Mr. MORGAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of line one
hundred and thirty-six:
For th^ salaries of the consuls at Osaca and Yeddo,
Japan, whoso salancs arc here by lixed at 43,000 each,
$13,000.
These ports were opened on the 1st of Jan-
uary last, and it is important to our commer-
cial interests to have consuls there.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I wish to propose an amend-
ment, to which I think there will be 110 objec-
tion. It was not brought to the attention of
the committee, because there was no reason why
it should be done, at the lime the bill was con-
sidered by them. I move, in line seventy-two,
to strike out the word " Guayamas." I make
this motion with a view of moving to insert that
consulship in schedule C. It is now in sched-
ule B. 1 move, in the first place, to strike out
the word "Guayamas" in lino seventy-two,
under the head of schedule B.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is that the
whole motion?
Mr. COLE. That is the first amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 ask the Sen-
ator to state the object of it.
Mr. COLE. I did state it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I did not hear.
Mr. COLE. The salary of the ollice is now
$1,500, whereas, if it goes in schedule C, by
another amendment which I shall offer, it will
be reduced to §1,000. The object in making
the change is to allow the consul at that place
to do business, which he cannot if the consulate
remains in schedule B, as at present. 1 think
there can be no objection to it. We shall thus
save $500 in salary, and it will be an accom-
modation to the consul.
Mr. NYE. 1 do not know that I understand
the proposed amendment exactly. I should
like to hear it again.
The Secretary. It is proposed in lino
seventy-two to strike out " Guayamas."
Mr. NYE. What is the effect of that?
The PRMSlDMNT/aro tempore. The effect,
as it stands, is to strike out that consulate from
the list.
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose the object of
my colleague is, not that there may not be a
consul there, but to change the consulate from
one schedule to another.
Mr. COLE. 1 propose to insert that con-
sulate in schedule C.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I hope he will change
the form of his amendment, so as to strike out,
in line seventy-two, page 4, the word " Guay-
amas" where it occurs, and insert it in line
ninety-five, after the word ''Guayaquil." That
will transfer it from schedule B to schedule C ;
and the effect of it will be to transfer it from
the class of §1,500 salaries to the class of
$1,000, and it will permit a merchant doing
business there to accept the consulate; and
that is the condition of the consul now con-
firmed. I hope my colleague will accept my
amendment; that will effect the object.
Mr. COLE. Certainly, if that makes it
clearer, I will do so ; but my first motion is to
strikeout "Guayamas" where it now is. I
suppose the question will have to be taken on
that first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion
can be made to strike out and insert, if the
Senator accepts the modification.
Mr. COLE. Very well; i accept that modi-
fication.
Mr. NYE. I do not know that I exactly
understand the explanation of the honorable
Senator from California, [Mr. Conness.] If
I understand correctly the amendment is, not
to abolish '(he office, but to change the class.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 will explain. The con-
sul at Guayamas now has a salary of $1,500
per annum and belongs to schedule B, a consul
in which schedule is not allowed to trade at
all, but is a salaried officer. The consuls in
schedule C are allowed to trade, and their sal-
ary is $1,000. The proposition is to transfer this
consulate from schedule B to C. The gentleman
who has been confirmed by the Senate as our
consul at Guayamas is a merchant at Guayamas.
He desires to be transferred, and it is proper he
should be, from schedule B to C, so that he may
continue his business and be consul, which will
save $500 a year to the Treasury.
Mr. NYE. With that explanation I am
satisfied.
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. That will not make
it quite complete, I suggest to the honorable
Senator from California, and will not accom-
plish precisely the object which he proposes.
I will read an amendment which T think will
accomplish it, and to which I do not think
there will be any objection. As the law now
stands, the consul to Guayamas is entitled to
a salary of $1,500. Tf he is transferred from
schedule B to schedule C he will be entitled
to $1,000 and will have the right to transact
business ; that is to say, he will have if the law
be changed; but if that simple transfer is made
in this bill, without any further amendment,
he would still be entitled by the act of -1803 to
the full salary of $1,500, notwithstanding the
transfer in this bill. 1 would suggest, there-
fore, that instead of the amendment of the
Senator from California we strike out the
word "Guayamas" in the seventy-second line,
and then insert the same word in the ninety-
fifth line, with the additional words "the
salary of which consulate is hereby fixed at
$1,000 per annum."
Mr. COLE. 1 suggest to the chairman of
the committee that it would be a little better,
perhaps, to insert such words in the one hun-
dred and sixth line, and I have an amendment
to that effect prepared. I propose, after the
word "dollars," in line one hundred and six,
to insert "and the salary of the consul at
Guayamas shall be $1,000 per annum.''
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion to that.
The PRESIDENT tempore. The amend-
ment as now modified will be read.
The Secretary rend the amendment, which
was to strike out the word "Guayamas" in
line seventy-two; to insert the word "Guaya-
mas" after "Guayaquil" in line ninety-five ;
and after the word "dollars," in line one hun-
dred and six, to insert "and the salary of the
consul at Guayartias shall be $1,000 per
annum."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to move the fol-
lowing_ amendment, to come in on page 7,
immediately after line one hundred and lbrty-
nine:
For expenses of additional clerical assistance at
the Department of State, £5,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I raise a ques-
tion of order on that amendment under the
thirtieth rule.
Mr. SUMNER. What is tlieSenator's ques-
tion of order ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That the Sen-
ator is not authorized to move it under the
thirtieth rule of the Senate, which requires
notice to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to hear that
rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
reported.
The Secretary read the second clause of the
thirtieth rule, us follows :
" All amendments to general appropriation bills
reported from committees of the Senate proposing
newitemsof appropriation shall, one day beforetbej
are offered, be referred to "the Committee on Appro-
