1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Indiana will hardly insist upon his objection to
my paying a few moment's attention to the
town ol Mount Vernon, after the kindness and
indulgence extended to him by this side of the
House.
Mr. KERR. I will not object to the gentle-
man continuing his speech if he proposes to
confine his remarks to Mount Vernon township.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will do so.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
the time of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] is extended fifteen minutes.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the sitting
member complains that we propose to disfran-
chise a whole township, the township of Pike ;
yet he himself turns round and proposes to
disfranchise a township embracing l,100voters.
Wheu we offered him an opportunity to prove
every vote cast in that township, he turns
round and proposes to disfranchise the town-
ship ; and it is a significant fact that this is
the township in which both these gentlemen
reside. I do not know that that gives any zeal
or unction to the gentleman's desire to dis-
franchise the voters in that town. The gentle-
man felt called upon to apologize for taking
this position, and the apology was in effect
that if he were not situated as he is he would
not do it; if he had anything else upon which
to rely in this contest as an answer to the con-
testant he would not take the position he does;
but, situated as he is, he is compelled to ask
the House to disfranchise more than 1,100
votes in the township of Mount Vernon, the
majority there being 400.
The city of Mount Vernon was incorporated
by a special act of the Legislature in 1845. It
lies in the center of Clinton township, from
whose territoiy it was taken. Under this
special charter the township and city were au-
thorized to hold all county, State, and national
elections together, and from that time to this
ail such elections have been so held. Subse-
quently a law was passed providing—
" That each township in the several counties shall
compose an election district, unless such township
is now, or shall hereafter be, divided by law into
more districts than one, the election to be held at
such place in such township or district as the trustees
in each township shall direct; and each ward ot any
city that is or may be divided into wards shall com-
pose an election district; the election therein to bo
held at such places as til e members of the city council
for their respective wards shall select."
Now, the construction put upon this statute
for fifteen years has been that until the officers
ot the city government have appointed places
in these wards the elections should be held as
before at the places appointed by the trustees
of the town. Elections have been held every
year since the law was enacted, and the officers
have never appointed places for the holding
of the elections. Members of the Legislature
have been thus chosen ; the Legislature has
recognized them as legally chosen. Such is
the construction which was uniformly put upon
this act from the time it was passed until the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,] the sit-
ting member in this case, raised the question
that the electors cannot vote except in the
ward, and inasmuch as the oliicers of the city
government have never appointed places for
voting, therefore the town in which he and
the contestant reside should be disfranchised.
Upon this new construction for the first time
put upon the law by the sitting member he
asks this House to reject 1,100 votes.
Sir, I submit that nothing is so strong and
satisiactory upon the construction of a statute
ab the contemporaneous construction of it, the
construction given to it at the time of its enact-
ment by the parties whom it affects, because
they are supposed to know better than any-
body else the meaning of the terms used by
the Legislature. This construction having
been put upon this statute fifteen years ago,
the very year the law was enacted, and having
be«n held by all parties without question from
that time to this, it is the strongest evidence
in the world that it is the true construction.
To support this position I propose to cite a
few authorities, and then I shall leave this case.
It is a rule as old as the civii law, originat-
ing long before there was any English language
in which to write the law, that contempora-
neous construction is the best.
And this, in the terse and admirable lan-
guage of the civil law, is expressed by the
maxim contemporanea exposito est fortissimo,
in lege. As we shall see hereafter, this same
principle has been applied, to a certain ex-
tent in the construction of constitutions. (See
Sedgvyick on State and Constitution Law, 251.)
So in regard to the judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States sitting as circuit
judges without distinct commissions for the
purpose, it _was held by the Supreme Court
that a practice and acquiescence under the sys-
tem for a period of several years, commencing
with the organization of the judicial system,
afforded an irresistible answer to all objec-
tions, and had, indeed, fixed the construction.
It was said to be a contemporary interpretation
of the highest nature. (Sedgwick on Statute and
Constitutional Law, 251; Stuart vs. Laird, I
Cranch, 299.)
So as to the laws of the colony of Massa-
chusetts in regard to common lands, the su-
preme court ot that State said :
"Of these statutes, a practical construction early
and generally obtained, that in the power to dispose
of lands, was included a power to sell and convey
the common lands.'' + * * * "Were
the court now to decide that this construction is not
to be supported, very great mischief would follow.
And, although if it were res Integra, it might, be very
difficult to maintaiu such a construction; yet, at this
day. Lb<: aryuih*:iUuni ab inconveinenlt applies with
great weight. If this practicc originated in error
yet the error is now so common that it must have
the force of law. Wo cannot shake a principle
which has in practice solong andso exteusivoly pre-
vailed.''—252; llogcrs vs. Goodwm,2Massa,-
chwetti, 477, i78.
In regard to the statute of frauds the same
court said:
"A contemporaneous is generally the best con-
struction ot a statute. It gives the sense of a com-
munity of the terms made use of by the Legis-
lature," &e.—Sedywtck, 252/ Packard vs. Jiichard&o/it
17 Massachusetts, 121, 143.
It remained for the sitting member at this
late day to set up, in opposition to this con-
temporaneous construction, a new construc-
tion, not in aid of the voter, not to give new
facilities to the voter to express his will at the
ballot-box, but to disfranchise 1,100 votes of
his fellow-townsmen because the necessities
of the case are such that he finds it necessary
to ask the House to make au extreme depart-
ure from the rules of law.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have gone imperfectly over
these three points precisely as the committee
have put them in the report, it leaves the
contestant with a majority of some 80 odd
votes. It disfranchises no votes. It accepts
as a voter everybody who could be proved
from any evidence to be a legal voter and per-
mits him to cast his vote. The committee hold
religiously to the doctrine that all forms must
give way to the will of the voter expressed
according to law. The only object of investi-
gation before the committee is to go behind all
forms and get, if possible, the vote of every
legal elector in this district. They took that
testimony, and from all that testimony they
submit to the House, and confidently submit
that no man, unless under the construction of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. KEiiR,]and
thegentlcman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] that all the laws enforcing the draft
were unconstitutional and setting them aside,
can come to any other conclusion than that
at which the committee arrived:
Mr. LOUtxHIUDGrE and Mr. DELANO
(contestant) obtained leave to print, as part of
the debates, speeches ou the pending resolu-
tions. [See Appendix.]
The question first recurred on the following
substitute, submitted by Mr. Kerr :
Itesolved, That George W. Morgan was duly elected,
and is entitled to retain his seat in the Fortieth
Congress, from the thirteenth congressional district
of Ohio.
Mr. KERR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
^ The question was taken; and it was decided
m the negative—yeas 37, nays 79, not voting
73 ; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Adams, Barnes, Beck, Boyer.Brom-
woll, Brooks, Burr, Oary Drigga, Eldridge, Ferry,
Getz, Goiiaday, Grover, Haight, llalsey. Hill, Hol-
man, Hotchkiss, Richard 1). Hubbard, Jones, Kerr,
Knott. Loughridge Marshall. McCorwick. MblaokJ
JNicholson Randall, Ross, Sitgr^aves, Taffe. Law-
rence S. inmble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wood,
and Woodward—o7.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Broom-
ali, Buckland, Butler, Cake, Header W. Clarke,Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cornell, Covode, CuUora,
Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly'. Eekley, E«gles>ton, Farns-
worth, Forriss, Fields, Griswold, Harding, Higby,
Hooper, Hopkins,Chester D.Hubbard,Hunter, Judd,
Julian, Ketehaiu, Kitchen, Koontz, William Law-
rence, Logan, Mallory, Maynard, McClurg, Mercur,
Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullms, Nunn,
O'Nciil, Paine, Perharn, Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy,
Prieo, Kaum, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shellabar-
ger, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Taylor,
John Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernarn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader,
0. Washburn, lienry D.Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, William Williams, and John T. Wil-
son—79.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Archcr,
Axtell.Biilcy, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barnum,Ben-
jamin, Bingham, Blame, Blair, Boutweli, Ckanler,
Churchill, Ooburn, Dodge, Eia, Eliot, Finney, Fox,
Garfield. Giossbrenncr, Gravely, Hawkins. Asahei W.
llubbard, liulburd, Humphrey, ingersoll, Jenclces,
Johnson, Kelley, Kelsey, Laflin,George V. Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loan, Lynch, Marvin. McCarthy, McCul-
lough, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, New-
comb, Orth, Peters, Phelps, Pike, Pile, Poland,Pruyn,
Robertson, Robinson, Selye, Shanks, Smith,Spalding,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Taber, Thomas,
Xwichell, Burt Van Horn, LUhu B. Washburne,
Thomas Williams, James F.Wilson, Stephen F.Wil-
son, Windom, and Woodbridge—73.
So the substitute was disagreed to.
During the roll-cali,
Mr, KERR said : The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. GlossbiiknnerJ is paired .with
my colleague, Mr. Shanks. The former would
vote for and the latter against the resolution.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I am
paired with Mr. Phelps. He would vote ay?
and I would vote no.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am paired with Mr.
Ames. He would vote no, and i would vote ay.
The result having been announced as above,
the question recurred on agreeing to the reso-
lutions reported by the committee.
The question was then taken on the first res-
lution of the committee, as follows:
Resolved* That George W. Morgan is not entitled
to aseat in the Foitieth Cungxessiroiu the thirteenth
congressional district of Ohio.
The resolution was agreed to.
The question being stated on agreeing to the
second resolution, as follows:
Resolved^ That Columbus Delano is entitled to a.
seat in the Fortieth Congress irom the thirteenth con-
gressional district of Ohio.
Mr. KERR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 80; naysoS, nut voting
70; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Brooni-
all, Buckland, Butler, Cake, Reader W. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cornell, Co rode, Cuilom,
Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Lckley, Eg^lwton, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Fields, Griswold, Harding, liigby,
Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. llubbard, Iiuuter,
J udd, Julian, Kitchen, Koontz, William Lawrcnce,
Loan, Logan, Malloiy, Maynard, McClura;, Mercur,
Miller, Moore, Mooihcad, Morrell, Mulling, Nuun,
Paine, Perham, Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Prico,
Ilauin, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, beiyc, Shcllabar-
ger, Starkweather, Aaron F.Stevens Stokes, Taylor,
'ihomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward,
Cadwalader (J. Washburn, llcnry D. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, William Williams, and
John T. WiUon—8U.
NAYS —Messrs. Adains, Barnes, Beck, Boyer,
Bromwell, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Driggs, iilciridge.
Ferry, Get'/, Goiladay, Grover, Haight, llalsey, Hill,
Iiolman, Hotchkiss, Jones, Kerr,Knott,LougUridge,
Marshall, McCormiek, Myers, Niblaek, Nicholson,
Randall, Ross, Sitgreavcs, Stewart, Tafle. Lawrenco
S. Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wood, and
Woodward—38.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Archer,
Axtell, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barnum,
Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutweli, Chan-
ler, Churchill, Cobui n, Dodge, Ma, Lhot, I; muty.Jox,
Garfield, Ulossbrenner, Gravely, iiawtuns, Asahoi
W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hum-
phrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Kelley, kelsey,
Ketchara, Laflin, Ueorgre V. Lawrence. Lincoln,
Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy, McCuiiough. Momsaey*
