1868.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
401
cave it, aad the State may, by a change of its fund-
amental law, restrict as well as enlarge it,"
Now, I do not propose to take issue with
that statement. On the contrary, I heartily
indorse it. I say that, in the ordinary accept-
ation of that expression, it is only a fair declara-
tion of the constitutional law of this country.
But that to which I object is what follows as a
part of the same paragraph:
" When, therefore, the State of Missouri, in chang-
ing its constitution, saw fit to declare that the inter-
ests of the State and of tho people of the (State would
be promoted by withholding the right of voting from
all persons who could not take the prescribed oath
they exercised no greater or higher power than exists
in every State.''
To this expression, Mr. Speaker, I object,
mainly upon this ground: I hold that it is not
competent for the Legislature of a State acting
under a written constitution, or for the people
of a State acting in a constitutional conven-
tion, to violate the Constitution of the United
States either by an act of legislation or by an
act or ordinance of such constitutional conven-
tion. I hold, in other words, that when a con-
stitutional convention is organized for the pur-
pose of framing a new fundamental law for a
State that constitutional convention, like the
Legislatures of the States themselves, must
hold itself limited by the supreme law of the
land, the Constitution of the United States,
and that, therefore, the constitutional conven-
tion has no power to do with reference to the
Constitution of the United States what the
Legislature of the State itself could not do.
Such a convention can no more violate the guar-
antied rights and liberties of the people under
the Constitution of the United States than a
State Legislature can. Those rights are guar-
antied to the citizens individually, and not to
tlje States,
Now, in the application of this principle to
the facts in this case, it appears that the con-
stitutional convention of Missouri by which
the present fundamental law of that State was
framed did undertake, by what I believe to be
an ex post facto ordinance, to disfranchise a
large portion of the people of Missouri. That
convention not only undertook to disfranchise
these persons in general terms, it undertook
to effect that disfranchisement for a reason
which is stated upon the record itself; and
that reason, I submit, is what makes the law
entirely inapplicable to this case. What was
that reason? That the persons thus disfran-
chised, had been guilty of giving aid and com-
fort in some way to the late rebellion, had been
guilty of a crime which at the time the act was
committed was no crime against the State of
Missouri. That convention, in other words,
has undertaken to enact by a constitutional
provision an ex post facto law.
Now I do not mean, Mr. Speaker, to say as
a question of constitutional law in this coun-
try that it is not competent for a constitutional
convention or for a State Legislature to dis-
franchise any portion of the citizens of the State
where that power ig not expressly withheld
from such convention or prohibited in the con-
stitution of the State. On the contrary, I say
that power distinctly does exist unless so
denied. I will illustrate my meaning by this
statement. It appears to me that the true
definition is that it is competent for a consti-
tutional convention or a State Legislature in
euch cases to disfranchise any class of people
within the State by reason of some condition
that attaches to and inheres in the persons
disfranchised, but not for an act done by
the person to be disfranchised, which act ante-
dates the law or the constitution. In other
words, I agree that the State of Vermont, from
which the distinguished gentleman, [Mr. Po-
land,] the author of this report, comes, might
disfranchise her paupers by an amendment of
her constitution or by a law of her Legislature
if not prohibited by her constitution. When
Massachusetts disfranchised certain persons
because they could not read and write she did
what she had the clear constitutional right to
do. When the State of Pennsylvania, by an
amendment to her constitution, disfranchised
40th Cosra. 2d Sess.—No. 2fi.
such negroes as before enjoyed the suffrage in
thai State she did what she had a right to do, and
no more. In other words, any State may in-
crease or circumscribe the extent of the enjoy-
ment of the elective franchise provided only itdo
that by reference to conditions which attach to
its citizens ; but I do say it is not competent
for any State, either by law of the State Legis-
lature or by constitution, to disfranchise any
class of citizens for acts done wmch are
alleged by law of the Legislature or by the con-
stitution to have been criminal which acts at
the time they were committed were not crim-
inal. A Legislature certainly may disfranchise
any class of its people for crime which is com-
mitted after the date of the act or the consti-
tution, but not for crimes or alleged Crimes
committed before the date of the act or the
constitution. In other words, it is not com-
petent for a Legislature or constitutional con-
vention by a sweeping declaration, without
trial or conviction, without evidence, to say
that a certain class of men are disqualified
from exercising the right of suffrage in this
country. The suffrage cannot be taken from
a citizen as a punishment for an act which was
not criminal when committed, because such
would be an ex post facto law. It can only
be denied for crime when the crime is com-
mitted after the date of the law creating or
declaring it and prescribing its punishment,
and then only after trial and conviction upon
due process of law by a court and jury having
proper jurisdiction.
Mr. WARD. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Indiana whether he regards the commis-
sion of treason by citizens of the State of Mis-
souri as a crime? I understood him to say
that these persons had been disqualified, for
acts which were not criminal.
Mr. KERR. The gentlemen from New
York misunderstood me. I did not say that.
I did not mean to say any such thing. But I will
answer the gentleman's direct question. There
may have been treason committed by these
! persons, but that does not alter the case.
! There must be before they can be disfran-
chised in this way a preexisting law declaring
disfranchisement as a part of the penalty for
I that crime, and then before they can be dis-
! franchised they must have been tried and con-
victed by courts and juries of competent juris-
diction of the crime itself. That is what I
mean.
Mr. WARD. Another question. Does the
gentleman say there was no preexisting law at
that time against treason, at the time this dis-
qualification was imposed by the constitutional
convention of Missouri upon these rebels?
Mr. KERR. I say there was no law of Mis-
souri at that time which prescribed any such
penalty in any instance as is prescribed in that
constitution itself against this class.
Mr. GRAVELY. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Indiana whether 1 understand
him correctly. I understand him to take the
position that a State has the right by the Con-
stitution of the United States to disfranchise
its citizens because of their ignorance, because
they cannot read and write, and because of their
poverty, and has no right to disfranchise them
for having engaged in the rebellion against the
Government o£the United States.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman has put a case
which every one will see is unfair. It does not
illustrate anything which pertains to the case
before the House. I say, Mr. Speaker, in an-
swer to him, as I have said before, that before
the State can disfranchise for the reason re-
ferred to the gentlemati must find the power
to do it under some provision of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and in some pre-
existing condition of things in the State of
Missouri: That is what I mean to say. I do
not mean to make any comparison between
the disqualification in the several States cf dif-
ferent classes. It is a question of power under
the Constitution of the United States and the
constitution and laws of Missouri, and I deny
the existence of such power as exercised in
Missouri. The attempt to exercise it in this
case involves the gravest violation of the liber-
ties of the citizen.
Mr. GRAVELY. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for another question.
Mr. KERR. Certainly, sir.
Mr. GRAVELY. He has referred to the
State of Massachusetts. I would inquire where
he finds in the Constitution of the United States
anything authorizing the State of Massachusetts
to disfranchise a man because his parents failed
to send him to school or because he is poor?
Mr. KERR. I find that if I suffer these
interruptions I shall take up too much time.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to state to the gen-
tleman from Missouri that there is no such law
in Massachusetts. Massachusetts disfranchises
nbbody because they cannot read and write or
because they have not been to school.
Mr. KERR. Now, Mr. Speaker, I will
answer the last question of the gentleman
from Missouri, and then I believe 1 will suffer
no further interruption.
Mr. WOODWARD. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. KERR. I yield to the gentleman from
\ Pennsylvania.
Mr. WOODWARD. I understand the gen-
tleman to admit that the constitutional conven-
tion or the Legislature of a State may disfran-
chise citizens of the State without violating the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. KERR. I do not state it quite so
broadly, if the gentleman from Pennsylvania
will pardon me. I say that the entire control
of the right of suffrage in the States of this
Union, under the Constitution of the United
States, belongs to the States themselves. That
is what I say; and I say that having the power
they possess also clearly the discretion that is
necessary to insure its exercise; and then I
applied that to the cases to which I have re-
ferred. And now my answer to the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Gravely] as to the power
of the States to control the suffrage for them-
selves, and as to its origin is to be found, first,
in the first clause of the second section of the
first article of the Constitution of the United
| States, which reads as follows :
I " Tho House of Representatives shall be composed
I of members chosen every second year by the people
; of the several States, anil the electors in each State
; shall have tho qualifications requisito for electors of
the most numerous branch of the State Legislature."
And secondly, in the fact that such power
is nowhere, in express words or by just impli-
cation, grauted to Congress, and is therefore
"reserved to the States and to the people re-
spectively." , And also in the further fact that
from the very organization of our Government
this power has been uniformly exercised by the
States, and never denied to them except by a
radical Congress.
Mr. WOODWARD. My question is this:
where the right of suffrage has vested in citi-
zens of a State, does not this provision of the
Constitution prevail?
"Nor shall any person be subject for the same
offense to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb;
norsball be compelled in any criminal cose to be a
witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, lib-
erty, or property without due process of law."
I stand upon that word "liberty;" and the
question I wish to put before the gentleman
from Indiana is'this: whether the right of suf-
frage be not a part of the "liberty" of the cit-
izen, and where it has fairly vested can it bo
taken away by any act of the State without a
violation of the Constitution of the United
States?
In order to place my idea more fully before
him I take advantage of the question of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Gravely,] whether
treason is not a cause for disfranchisement. I
suppose the answer to that is that there is no
such treason as would disfranchise until after
a conviction of treason. I wish my friend from
Indiana to answer the question whether any
State convention or Legislature can take away
from a citizen of the United States in whom the
right of suffrage has vested the right to exer-
cise it as part of his franchises or liberties?
A man's liberty consists in his franchises, and
I submit that the right to vote is a franchise.
