1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1785
priations; and all general appropriation bills shall
be referred to the saicl committee."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is the
point.
Mr. SUMNER. "When was that rule estab-
lished ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. A year ago.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The amend-
ment is clearly out of order under the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from New
York [Mr. Morgan] has already to-day—I do
not wish to undo the work he has so well done
—moved one or two propositions from the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But he had this
slight advantage of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts : he had taken the precaution to give
the notice. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. Now, allow mo to say to
the Senator, the notice of the proposition I
move is given in a message of the President of
the United States to this body some time ago,
and which on the order of the Senate was re-
ferred io fhe Committee on Foreign Relations.
I have the message in my hand expressly ask-
ing for this appropriation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the honorable
Senator is ready to adopt all the messages that
the President sends here that might be appli-
cable in this case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is clearly out of oi dor under the thirtieth
rule unless it has been submitted to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Ithas not been.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that my
friend makes that objection to this proposition?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Most decidcdly.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. Then I hope
the Senator will take notice of the proposition,
and I shall move it 011 the first bill of his that
comes along.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ator will put himself in a condition to take
advantage of it.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 concurring in the amendments made as
in the Committee of the Whole. The question
will be taken on all the amendments collect-
ively, unless a separate vote be demanded.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ask for a separate
vote on striking out Ecuador.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask for a sep-
arate vote 011 striking out Bolivia.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to reserve the amend-
ment 011 page 2, line thirty-one, reducing the
appropriation for contingent expenses of all
the missions abroad from $50,000 to §20,000.
Mr. THAYER. 1 ask for a separate vote on
the amendment in reference to Portugal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That was
not an amendment, I believe. That was in the
bill of the House. The Senator can move to
strike it out if he sees fit in the Senate. The
question is on concurring in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole with the
exceptions named.
The unexcepted amendments were con-
curred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the first excepted
amendment, which is on page 2, line twelve,
to strike out the word " Ecuador."
Mr. BUCKALEW. In Committee of the
Whole Ecuador was struck out in conformity
with the recommendation of the Committee on
Appropriations ; and, 011 my motion, Bolivia
also on the second page was struck out. When
I made the latter motion, I stated that when
the bill was brought into the Senate, I would
ask the Senate to reinstate Ecuador and agree
to the other amendments. It is simply a ques-
tion, as I propose to put it, between these two
missions. The committee reported to strike
out, as they supposed, the smallest and least
important "of the missions located in South
America. I stated some reasons yesterday for
my opinion that the committee had fallen fnto
to error in the matter of selection. I shall not
go over those observations again; but I will
call attention to one point with a preliminary
remark.
In the case of Bolivia, so far as I know,
there is not one citizen of the United States
resident in the republic. That is one fact.
The next fact is that that republic touches
the Pacific coast at but a single point. It is
an arid and comparatively unsettled region,
and it has but one very insignificant port, the
port of Cobija. Lastly, not to be tedious, the
Government of the United States has no claim,
and citizens of the U nited States have no claims,
so far as I know, upon that republic. These
considerations taken together seem sufficient
to justify the omission of the mission to that
particular country, if any one is to be omitted,
over any other one in all South America.
On the contrary, in the case of Ecuador, she
lias one of the three most important ports on
the Pacific. The most extensive and the most
valuable inlet on the western coast of all Amer-
ica is at Guayaquil. There is a deep, splendid
bay, indented into the interior to a city where
is a respectable amount of commerce and where
there are American merchants located, an
American gas company lighting the city, an
American company running steamers upon
the river, and in the interior of the republic
some American workmen, and in recent years
importations of American machinery. All
these are facts about which there is no dispute
or question.
In addition to that the late minister to that
country—not the last one, because he died, but
the minister who came home about two years
ago—Mr. llassaurek, of Cincinnati, well
known to you, sir, as an accomplished gentle-
man and a man of ability, negotiated a treaty
with that republic by which it agreed to pay to
citizens of the United States a large amount of
old claims. There are a large number of per-
sons in our country interested now in their col-
lection under that treaty; and it is, as I said
yesterday, a matter of necessity that we should
be represented in that republic by a minister if
we are to obtain payment of those claims.
Now, 1 will state a fact to the Senate. That
republic, like many others, has been embar-
rassed in its finances, mainly on account of the
frequent revolutions which occur in that por-
tion of the earth. England, Prance, and Spain
always have representatives there. They have
now and they will have tliem hereafter. In tlie
case of the English claimants the minister of
Great Britain securcd from the Government of
the republic an assignment of a portion of the
custom-house duties at Guayaquil, and from
year to year, under that assignment of the pub-
lic revenue, the claims of British subjects are
being liquidated. Without some arrangement
of that kind, somewhat extraordinary and ex-
ceptional, and such as would not be thought of
in this country, it would not be possible within
any reasonable period of time to secure the
payment to British subjects of their just de-
mands against that republic.
Mr. Hassuarek, after negotiating this treaty,
or rather shortly after the commission had acted
upon these claims and there had been awards
in favor of our citizens, returned home. We
sent another citizen there, also from Ohio, who
died recently. Unless we fill up this mission,
and have a representative of our Government
there to look after these claims, they will re-
main unpaid, and we shall not realize a dollar
of them until we shall send some special com-
missioner, at very large expense, to enforce
their payment, or until we send some public
vessels of war to the port of Guayaquil to en-
force the payment of our demands at the mouth
of cannon, neither of which alternatives is
desirable.
This mission will cost us, everythingincluded,
not exceeding eight thousand dollars a year ;
and for the collection of the large mass of
claims which are due to the citizens of the Uni-
ted States, we could well afford to expend three
or four times that amount of money in salaries,
because we shall not get a dollar without this
mission. The consul at the port of Guayaquil
possesses no diplomatic power, nor do any of
our consuls. The consul has no intercourse
with the Government of the republic. Besides
that, the capital is nearly two hundred miles
distant from his place of business upon Sfae
coast. It is impossible for him to attend to the
demands of our citizens upon the republic.
It is upon these considerations, Mr. Presi-
dent, that I ask the Senate now to select be-
tween these missions, to omit Bolivia, and to
include Ecuador in the list. I believe I have
given sound and sufficient reasons for this prop-
osition, to which I hope the Senate will agree.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I question very much
the propriety of striking out either of these
countries, and for this reason: these South
American republics are modeled after ourown;
it has been the policy of this country to en-
courage all the republics upon this continent.
We have very little business interests for a
minister at several of these capitals. The same
thing might be said of our ministers in Europe.
What business has a minister in Switzerland?
I apprehend that the effect would be bad upon
these little republics that are struggling to get
along, and that we have always encouraged and
helped to uphold, if we should withdraw our
ministers from them. The whole expense of
one of these missions, as the Senator from
Pennsylvania states, is about eight thousand
dollars.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The salary of the min-
ister is $7,500, and there is a limit for all con-
tingent outlays to $500. That is the maximum.
It cannot be more than that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It cannot be more than
$8,000. Independent of the consideration
which would grow out of our intercourse with
these republics—and I am not prepared to say
how extensive it is—I question very much the
propriety of withdrawing our ministers from
them. I think I should rather let this be for
the present until we are better satisfied about
it. The amount of saving to the country is
very small, and it may be of some consider-
able consequence to those countries to have
the influence of an American minister there.
I shall vote against striking out either of these
missions.
Mr. CONNESS. Feeling some interest in
this question, I desire to add a word to what
has been said by the Senators from Pennsyl-
vania and Illinois. I will not renew the de-
bate of yesterday, but simply say to Senators,
in all earnestness, that until a provision shall
be made by which the other ministers of the
United States at the republics of South Amer-
ica shall represent 11s 111 those countries from
which we withdraw ministers this change, in
my opinion, should not be made. It cannot
be considered as otherwise than an unfriendly
act, and I think it is one that we cannot afford
to do. I hope that the committee will not be
sustained in this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not desire
to argue the matter, but simply to remind the
Senate that in Committee of the Whole they
Sustained the Committee on Appropriations.
The committee felt a solicitude to economize,
and believing that these missions to the South
American States are but nominal, that there is
no importance attached to them except in the
sense to which the Senator from Illinois alludes,
and that is, a courtesy toward these communi-
ties, and finding the additional fact that there
was no minister at Ecuador we took the occa-
sion to say that we would make no appropria-
tion. That is all there is of it.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, Mr. President, the
committee felt a disposition to sympathize
with economy ; and out of the whole range of
foreign missions of the United States their
sympathy amounted to striking out our repre-
sentation at Ecuador.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Oh, no ; we
struck out Portugal, which, I am sorry to say,
the Senate did not sustain.
Mr. JOHNSON. All the Governments of
Europe, at least all of those that have large
commerce, have representatives in nearly all
the South American Governments; and it hag
