2810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mungen, Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth, Peters, Phelps,
Pike, Pile, Poland, Prayn, Robertson, Robinson,
Shanks. Smith, Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone,
laber, Twiohell, Bart Van Horn, Eiihu B. Wash-
es?,' 1 homas Williams. James F.Wilson, Stephen
J-' - Wilson. Wmdom, and Woodbridec—70.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the roll-call,
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, said: I am
paired with Mr. Phelps. He would vote no,
and I,would vote ay.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am paired with Mr.
Ames on all the questions relating to this con-
tested election. He would vote ay, and I would
vote no.
Mr. KERB. Mr. Glossbrenner would have
voted against the resolution and my colleague,
Mr. Shanks, would have voted for it. They
are paired with each other.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. Delano then appeared and was qualified
by taking the oath prescribed by law.
message most the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Ware,
one of its clerks, announced that that body
had passed a bill (S. No. 164) to provide for
appeals from the Court of Claims, and for
other purposes, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (H. li. No. HIT) to
supply partial deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending
on the 30th of June, 1868, with amendments,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
It further announced that the Senate insisted
upon its second amendment to the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 218) for the relief of John
M. Palmer, disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives, had agreed to the committee of
conference asked for by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes thereon, and had appointed
Messrs. Willey, Sherman, and Morrill of
Vermont, conferees on the part of the Senate.
death of ex-president buchanan.
Mr. WOODWARD. I offer the following
resolution, and ask the unanimous consent of
the House for its consideration at this time :
The House having received with becoming sensi-
bility intelligence of the death of James Buchanan,
ex-President of the United States, at his couutry-
seat at Wheatland, on the 1st instant, does hereby
resolve:
1. Thatwbatevcrdiversitiesof opinion may prevail
in respect of the administration of Mr. Buchanan
as_ President of the United States, the members of
this House can cordially unite in honoringthe purity
of his private character, the ability and patriotic
motives which illustrated his long career of public
service, and the dignity which marked the retire-
ment of the latter years of his life.
_2. That as a token of honor to the many virtues, pub-
lic and private, of the illustrious sage and statesman
whose death, in the ripeness of his age, has arrested
the attention of the nation, the Speaker of thellouse
is requested and authorized to appoint a committee
of seven members to attend the funeral of Mr. Bu-
chanan on behalf of the House, and to communicate
a copy of these resolutions to the relatives of the
deceased.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the resolutions are before the House.
Mr. WOODWARD. I have nothing to say
in support of the resolutions. I hope they will
commend themselves to the support of every
member of this House. I wish to remark,
however, that if the resolutions pass, and the
Chair has occasion to appoint a committee, I
decline the position to which, I understand. I
would be entitled as chairman of the commit-
tee, and I suggest that' my colleague [Mr.
Glossbrekneii] be appointed instead of my-
self.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that he modify
those resolutions a little. He certainly cannot
expect to get a unanimous vote of the House
commending the "patriotic motives" which
animated Mr. Buchanan at all times in his
public career. For one, I certainly cannot
vote ay.
Mr. MULLINS. Neither can I.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor if the res-
olutions are to be debated. They are enter-
tained by unanimous consent.
Mr. WOOD WARD. I will say for the in-
formation of the gentleman from Illinois, and
of other gentlemen, that these resolutions were
prepared by me at the suggestion of some
members of the Pennsylvania delegation; and
the first thing I did was to place them in the
hands of gentlemen upon the other side of the
House. My colleague from Chester county
[Mr. Broomall] particularly took charge of
the resolutions. To my certain knowledge he
showed them to several gentlemen on that side
of the House, and I desired them to be shown
to every gentleman on that side of the House,
because I had no purpose of offering any
resolutions here that would become matter of
debate or dispute.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman hear me
one moment?
Mr. WOODWARD. I know what the gen-
tleman from Maine is driving at, and I think
it is hardly worth while to yield to him at
present. I was saying, for the information of
the House, that these resolutions were submit-
ted to gentlemen on the other side of the House,
arid if they were not showu to evefy gentleman
there it was the neglect of other persons, and
not of myself, because they were intended to
be submitted to every gentleman there. I
know that a number of gentlemen on the other
side of the House did examine and approve of
them before they were returned to me; and
indeed'there was stricken out of the draft of
the resolutions one resolution at the suggestion
of gentlemen on the other side of the House.
It is on the paper now, although it has not
been read. It was stricken out at the instance
of gentlemen on the other side of the House.
I understood, therefore, that the resolutions
as now presented would not encounter oppo-
sition upon that side of the House. I do not
know how general that understanding was. I
do not sav it was universal.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I wish to
ask the gentleman if there is any precedent for
resolutions of this kind on the death of an ex-
President?
Mr. WOODWARD. I believe, though I
am not informed in regard to the matter, that
whenever an ex-President has died during a
session of Congress, Congress has always taken
some notice of the fact. If there be no actual
case that will be a precedent, it will be found
to be that this is the first instance in which an
ex-President has died during the session of
Congress. But the other departments of the
Government are taking notice of the death of
Mr. Buchanan. Mr. Buchanan wasatonetime
a distinguished member of this House; he was
also a distinguished member of the other
branch of the Federal Legislature; he was
President of the United States; and he also
represented this country at the British Court.
He has been a man largely interested in public
affairs in this country, and assuredly there is
no need of a precedent for this House express-
ing in general terms its respect for his general
character. The resolutions do not contain a
l syllable that can compromise the political pre-
judices or opinions of any gentleman in this
House. They were carefully drawn with a view
to avoid that. They were submitted to gentle-
men on the other side, and the only one that
was objected to was stricken out, and now
to the other two I trust there will be no oppo-
sition. I call the previous question.
Mr. BROOMALL. As the gentleman has
alluded to me, I hope he will yield to me before
he moves the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to lay the
resolutions upon the table, unless the gentle-
man will modify them. 1 am willing the grave
shall bury the man's faults, and to speak only
well of hits, now that he is dead; but when
the gentleman-asks me to vote that the motives
of Mr. Buchanan were always patriotic and
pure he asks me to vote what I believe to be
a falsehood, and I cannot do it.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman from.
Pennsylvania allow me to have read a substi-
tute, which I think would obviate the very dis-
agreeable scene of contending over the body
of a dead man? I have a resolution in my
hand which I think would secure the unani-
mous consent of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think this scene cor-
responds with the usual action of this House
in such matters.
Mr. MULLINS. Especially on the other
side of the House.
The SPEAKER. The substitute cannot be
read pending the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the mo-
tion to lay on the table.
Mr. WOODWARD. I will yield to hear
the substitute of the gentleman from Maine
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The House having received, with becoming sensi-
bility, intelligence of thedeath of James Buchanan,
ex-President of the United States, at his country
seat at Wheatland, on the 1st instant, it is hereby
Resolved, That, as a mark of honor to one who has
held such eminent public station, tbe Speakcrot tho
House is requested to appoint a committee of seven
members to attend the funeral of Mr. Buchanan, on
behalf of the House, and to communicate a copy of
this resolution to the relatives of the deceased.
Mr. WOODWARD. I cannot accept that
amendment. I call the previous question upon
iny resolution.
Mr. BLAINE. I suppose if the call for the
previous question is voted down, then my res-
olution would be in order as a substitute.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
resolutions be laid upon the table.
Mr. ELDRIDG E. Upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unanimous consent to make a suggestion.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I object. [Cries of
"Oh, no!"] I withdraw the objection.
No further objection being made,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, said: I
ask my colleague [Mr. Woodward] to consent
to strike out the words "the ability and patri-
otic motives which illustrated his long career
of public service," and let the resolution be
adopted without that in it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is what I pro-
posed.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read that
portion of the resolution as proposed to be
modified.
The Clerk read as follows:
_ That whatever diversities of opinion may prevail
ill respect to the administration of Mr. Buchanan as
President of the United States, the members of this
Mouse can cordially unite in honoring the purity of
his private character, and the dignity which marked
the retirement of the latter years of his life.
Mr. WOODWARD. If the House will strike
out the general allusion to the patriotic motives
of Mr. Buchanan they can do so, but I cannot
consent to do it myself.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman yield
to allow such an amendment to be offered ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I did not
propose to offer any amendment for the action
of the House. I desired to have mv colleague
modify the resolution so that the record should
not show that any such language had been
included in the resolution at all.
Mr. WOODWARD. flhat clause refers in
general terms to the patriotic motives of Mr.
Buchanan. I cannot consent to any such
amendment or modification.
Ihe question was then taken upon the motion
to lay the resolutions on the table : and it v.-as
decided in the affirmative—yeas nays £>S,
not voting 69 ; as follows :
P^;fe~Mossrs. Allison, Aritell, Jame? M. A-'iioy,
B.udwin, Bea.man, BeAtty, Benton. Binn.e, Bmir,
LromweH, Broomall, Buckled, Cake, Header W.
Llarke, Sidney Clarke, OoW\Cot>um.CWelt,Covo<le,
Oullom, Delano, Dixon, Donnelly, Drigg-s. Eektey.
