402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8^
I agree that on conviction of treason or any
other offense he may lose it, but until there
has been a conviction of some crime that works
a forfeiture of the franchise I submit to my
friend whether it is competent for any State
in any of its departments to deprive a man of
the right to vote.
Mr. KERR. My answer to the question of
my distinguished friend from Pennsylvania
must consist in this: I hold that suffrage in
this country, under our system of government,
is not a natural or absolutely indefeasible right.
I hold that suffrage is a political right to be
conferred upon citizens by the supreme power
of the State, and when the learned gentleman,
therefore, speaks of this right as having once
vested, and thereby as becoming indestruc-
tible, inalienable, except upon conviction of
crime, or something of that kind, I submit that
he uses words that convey a larger meaning
than is consistent with the principles of our sys-
tem of Government. I do not believe that suf-
frage is a natural right. I do not believe that it
belongs to and inheres iu every human being.
If it does, Mr. Speaker, why then, by what
power is it, by what right is it, upon what
principle of justice is it that we in this country
to-day, in every State of this Union, have lim-
ited the exercise of that right to certain classes
only and denied it to others? Why is it that
we have denied the exercise of that right to all
the women of the country and to all the men
of the country who do not come within the limits
prescribed by our laws on the subject?
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
one question in connection with this point. I
would like to know, on the theory of which the
gentleman is speaking, how it was that the right
of suffrage was taken away in the State of Ten-
nessee and the State of North Carolina and in
many other States from persons who were enti-
tled to vote by a constitutional provision 
Mr. GARFIELD. That is negroes.
Mr. LOGAN. Merely for the crime of being
darker complected than the generality of men.
Mr. KERR. I suppose the gentleman from
Illinois refers to an act of Tennessee in relation
to the suffrage of certain classes that antedated
the war, and not to the recent acts of that State,
or of North Carolina?
Mr. LOGAN. No; not to thelate measures.
Mr. KERR. You refer to the constitution
of Tennessee adopted in 1834, taking suffrage
from such negroes as enjoyed it under her con-
stitution of 1796?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir. The gentleman's
argument is that they have not the right to do
it. I ask how Tennessee and North Carolina
and other States did exercise that right in
regard to persons who had enjoyed the right
of suffrage for years?
Mr. KERR. Why, Mr. Speaker, begging
the gentleman's pardon, I fear that I have
poorly succeeded in making myself under-
stood here. I have been contending all along
that Tennessee did possess, under her own
constitution and under the Constitution of the
United States, the very power that she exer-
cised in that case. Tennessee had the right
to disfranchise those colored people, although
they once had possessed the right of suffrage.
So had North Carolina. I place that right
upon this ground: that every State in this
Lnion possesses the entire control of this
whole subject; and having that control it is
within the discretion of the State how it shall
be exercised. In that particular case the
State of Tennessee determined, in the exer-
cise of her own wisdom, in arranging her own
local institutions according to her own best
judgment, that the negroes of that State did
not, as a class, possess such qualifications as
made them proper persons to be intrusted
with the right of suffrage. For further illus-
tration : a State that allows citizens of other
States to become voters in it by its constitution
of to-day after a residence of one year, may
adopt another constitution to-inorrow by which
the period of residence may be extended to two
years, and thus practically disfranchise great
numbers of persons for a time.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
allow me to interrupt him again?
Mr. KERR. Certainly.
Mr. WOODWARD. 1 did not mean to inti-
mate, or to be understood as intimating, that
suffrage was a natural right at all, for I believe
it to be a matter of pure political arrangement.
I agree that a State may confer or withhold the
right of suffrage at her sovereign pleasure.
But the question I desired to put to my
friend from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] was this:
when a State government has conferred the
right upon a man, has invested that human
being with the right of suffrage, I suppose it
then becomes a part of the liberty of the man,
one of his franchises, a right which he holds
by virtue of the sovereign power, just as he
holds the right to travel the highway. Now,
having as between the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Kerr] and myself defined the grounds
upon which we stand in regard to suffrage—I
speak of suffrage conferred and possessed—
does not the Constitution of the United States
immediately apply to protect that man against
any action which the State may afterward
take? I desire the very excellent legal mind
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] to
apply itself to that question.
Mr. KERR. I now find that between my
distinguished friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Woodward] and myself there is very little if
any difference of opinion upon this subject.
In reply to his question as to whether when
this right is once conferred it does not become
absolute and indefeasible in the possessor of
it, I reply that in my judgment it does not, in
the sense implied by his question.
Let me illustrate my idea by a reference to
a fact that controls the very case now before
the House. When the constitutional conven-
tion of Missouri was called to frame the very
constitution under which each of these gentle-
men claims this seat the very members who
formed that convention were elected by one
body of electors in that State who, under the
then existing constitution and laws of the State,
possessed the right of suffrage. But when the
constitution theu framed was submitted to the
people of Missouri for their adoption or reject
tion the body of electors was totally and abso-
lutely changed by the convention itself. I am,
I think, safe in saying that more than one
half of the body of electors that organized that
convention were disfranchised, wore denied the
right to vote upon the question of the adoption
or rejection of that new constitution.
Now, I agree with the learned gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] for whose judg-
ment I entertain profound respect, that that
exercise of power on the part of that constitu-
tional convention was utterly unauthorized, was
illegal, was unconstitutional. In my judgment
it was most infamous, and in reference to the
institutions of that State it was revolutionary.
It was a dishonor which throws shame upon
the State of Missouri to this day, and will con-
tinue to do so until that infamous provision in
that constitution is expunged, as it will be as
certain as God rules in the early future of this
country.
But I am utterly unable to comprehend the
principle that when any State has once con-
ferred suffrage upon certain classes of its peo-
ple that suffrage or franchise or trust or duty,
or whatever it may be called, at once becomes
absolutely indefeasible in its possessor by rea-
son of some provision in the Federal Constitu-
tion. I do not object to the idea of the learned
gentleman that suffrage is a franchise or a
trust, and he agrees with me that it is no right
at all by nature. I hold that it is rather a
function or office with which certain classes
are charged to be exercised for the good of all.
It is not a franchise in any such legal sense as
would render its subsequent withdrawal a vio-
lation of a contract. No man can appeal to
the Constitution of the United States to main-
tain his right of suffrage upon such a principle.
The suffrage under our system of representative
government is conferred not alone to enable
its possessor to govern in his own interests, but
also in the interests of others. It is in the
nature of a trust, franchise, or office which is
not irrepealable or inviolable by the power that
conferred it, if that power be exercised in the
proper manner and without violating any of
the principles to which I have referred. For
any State to readjust tha suffrage, taking it
from certain classes and bestowing it upon
others within the principle asserted by me,
would not involve the " deprivation of life, lib-
erty, or property without due process of law."
The liberty intended to be guarantied by the
Federal Constitution is not the liberty to vote,
but the more vital and sacred civil and personal
liberty of the citizen, in the enjoyment of which
the right to vote constitutes no necessary part.
If it does, then suffrage ought to be absolutely
universal. And for this no one now contends.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct him as to a matter of fact ?
Mr. KERR. I will submit very cheerfully
to be corrected by th  gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benjamin] if I have erred in any
statement of fact.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understood the gen-
tleman to say that those parties who were dis-
franchised under the constitution of Missouri
of 1865 at that time enjoyed the right of suf-
frage in that State. Am I correct?
Mr. KERR. I meant to say that a great
many of them then enjoyed that right; I did
not mean to say that they all did. There were
various classes disfranchised by that consti-
tution.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The fact is that at the
time the convention assembled to frame that
constitution every individual in the State of
Missouri who had prior to that time and sub-
sequent to the 17th of December, 1801, taken
up arms against the Government or given aid
and comfort to its enemies was disfranchised.
The disfranchisement included all who had
been in arms against the Government and who
did not lay down their arms prior to Decem-
ber 17, 1801. And this class embraced almost
the entire nuijiber of those disfranchised by
the constitution of 1865. None of them or but
very few of them were voters for the members
of the convention that framed the constitution.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, it is probably
true that as to the extent of the class disfran-
chised in the first instance I may be somewhat
iu error; but if 1 am in error upon that point
my error only exists in this: that there had
previously been declared by acts of the revolu-
tionary legislature of that State certain dis-
qualifications against a portion of the people
of Missouri, disqualifications which were
obnoxious to the same objection, violated the
same principle which was violated by the State
constitution itself, and therefore possessed no
greater validity than did that constitution, are
entitled to no more respect, and I may add,
with great respect for my friend from Missouri,
that I personally entertain for thein no more
respect.
Mr. Speaker, I hold in my hand the fourth
volume of Wallace's Reports of the decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States.
In this volume is reported the celebrated case
of Cummings vs. the State of Missouri. By
the decision in that case certain broad princi-
ples of law were declared to be fundamental in
this country; and at the • expense of being a
little tedious I beg leave to read only one or
two paragraphs. The court say:
"Under the form of creating a qualification or
attaching a condition the States cannot in effect
inflict punishment for a paat act which was not pun-
ishable at the tiino it was committed. Deprivation
orsuspension of any civil rights for past conduct is
punishment for such conduct."
The court went still further and declared-
that the very third section to which I have re-
ferred and the test-oath prescribed in the sixth
section are obnoxious to the objections stated.
The court say, referring to the third section of
the constitution of Missouri and the test-oath
prescribed by that constitution:
" They further violate that provision in altering
the rules of evidenee with respect to the proof of the
acts specified, thus, in assuming the guilt instead of
