286
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL CrLOBE,
[March 18,
Ho. of Reps.
Finances—Mr. BromweU.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Finances.
SPEECH OP HON. H. P. H. BROMWELL,
OF ILLINOIS,
Is the Hoosb of Representatives,
March 14, 1808.
The House, as in Committee of the Whole, having
under consideration the President's annual mes~
sage—
Mr. BROMWELL said:
Mr. Speaker : So far as regards this ques-
tion of Alaska and the treaty-making power I
only wish to say that I cannot understand how
the Senate and the President can annex foreign
territories, introduce foreign countries, and
incorporate them as parts of the community
of the United States without consulting the
law-making power of the Republic. My idea
is that the annexation of any portion of a for-
eign country to this, so as to make its territory
a part of our domain and its people a part of
our community, capable of exercising a voice
in this Government, requires the disposing
power of this nation, which is in the law-making
department and not in the executive arm, which
is but to execute laws, nor in the judicial arm,
which is but to interpret them, but in the law-
making department, which exerts the disposing
power of the Republic. Notwithstanding what
the gentleman from California [Mr. Hiuby]
has urged, 1 still hold the belief that it is com-
petent for this House, holding the people's
power in trust for them, to exercise a proper
discretion in granting or withholding appropri-
ations of the public money to pay for the an-
nexation of land or people. Otherwise, by the
exercise of power on which-the people can ex-
press no opinion, the Republic itself might
come to be utterly changed in its boundaries,
in its population, and its character, and so the
actual institutions of the country be wholly
subverted.
Now, sir, I wish to speak in behalf of a class
of the community who seem to be very seldom
represented on this floor by one of their own
number. 1 refer to those whom we in the
West call the "old settlers" of this country.
[Laughter.] There is and always lias been a
numerous body of people who dwell upon the
borders of the wilderness. Tliey have much
to do with the welfare of the country. They
are the sappers and miners, who subdue the
forests and make way for the march of civili-
zation. Simple-minded as they may be, and
unskilled in letters or arts, they are devoted
to the welfare of their country.
The reason why I speak for them now is that
every year gives additional evidence to my
mind that the forces of capital and its kindred
influences, which assume to themselves the
patronage and proprietorship of all that is
excellent and progressive, are becoming each
year more and more powerful in this Uepublic,
as in all other countries. They stifle the voice
and crowd out the interests of the mass of the
common people, who are, nevertheless, the
class most entitled to be heard in this great
experiment of self-government, which has failed
in all oilier hands from the beginning.
1 speak for those whose hands have shared
the toils of frontier life from youth, because
they have a right to be represented here ac-
cording to their own sentiments and opinions,
and particularly by one of their own number,
lor such am 1. I was surprised the other day
on being asked by a member from a State not
very distant from mine, what was meant by
an " old settler," and when I answered by say-
ing that tliey were the men who knew how to
use the ax, the maul, the log-chain, and the
fiow, he further asked " What in the world is
a lVow ? '' If our people and their occupations
and habits are so lost sight of here, I will saj',
for the information of all present, that it is an
implement that is used by operative '"old set-
tlers" to convert the bolts of riving timber into
shingles, clapboards, laths, and staves, and
though not mucli used at present with us is
still kept bright on the frontier and among
the pineries, and but few years ago furnished
the finishing lumber of the best houses in all
the regions represented by a majority of this
Congress.
Sir, of the people whom I represent not less
than twenty thousand voters belong to the class
I have mentioned. They may be divided in
politics touching certain questions which divide
other portions of the country. A portion of
them may be opposed to the policy adopted by
the majority of this House with whom I act,
nevertheless 1 feel bound upon other questions
than those in issue, when they cast their votes,
to stand by the great body of people who sent
me here and to represent their views as nearly
as possible on the subjects I shall now present.
It is well known that the truths which are
most valuable in all the practical relations of
life are those which are known and felt by com-
mon perception. Though by continual study,
lucubrations,and ratiocinations the learned may
give out theories concerning political economy,
finance, and other matters; although men may
become, skillful in arts and learned in many
sciences of great interest and use from the
perusal of books, yet the fact remains that the
most fundamental and valuable truths are per-
ceived and recognized by the common percep-
tion of thecommou people, and made practical
by experience in common tilings. This com-
mon perception is called by the "old settlers"
" wild-hog sense." It is also to the common
people that we look to maintain the laws of
the land and to uphold and defend in war the
character and integrity of the Republic. But
because the common mind in its simplicity
looks for light to the more learned, to those
who assume more scientific knowledge and
possess skill in laws and public affairs, many
of our people may be misled, yet it is not to be
denied that they have the welfare of their
country at heart and rejoice in its prosperity
and power.
In discussing the question of finance, when
we hear learned addresses on this floor, whom
do the gentlemen speaking represent ? Do
they represent the interest of capital or the in-
terest of labor? Are they standing by the men
who work with their hands and brains, or are
they representing those sentiments and opin-
ions naturally engendered and kept in vogue
in all communities where the influence of capi-
tal has laid its hands on every energy and every
interest and twined its meshes aiouud every
enterprise of society ? To read the books which
men put forth, the circulars which arc so fre-
quently laid on our table, as well as many of
tho articles of the public press, a man would
scarce suppose there was an interest in the
world to be looked after until capital should
be first provided for.
When gentlemen talk of reducing the cur-
rency and coming to a specie standard, as
though that of itself would open the gates to
the golden age and bring about a political mil-
lennium, they speak for capital, they look too
much from the stand-point, fixed for them by
capital, and overlooking labor in its low estate
they seem to think that hard money should be
the only currency of the country, and if any
other is to be permitted it must be furnished
by capital on its own terms and not by the
people. Mr. Speaker, I undertake to say there
never was a day when there was hard money
enough to carry on its business and give to the
laboring man his fair share of the general pros-
perity, although it is true there never was lack-
ing gold and silver enough in the country to
give to capital a grasp upon the earnings of
labor. But when was there a time when the
common business of the country was done or
attempted to be done by gold and silver alone?
On the contrary, it has been found during the
whole experience of the Republic that 110 party
cotild rise with power enough to put in execu-
tion a project of resorting to gold and silver
alone. There are, perhaps, enough of the
precious metals in some countries for all their
purposes, and some of them seem to have tried
that system for a sufficient period of time. It
has been tried, in Persia, in Arabia, in Syria,
and in other countries of the Asiatic conti-
nent, from before the day when Abraham
weighed out the money for the cave of Mach-
pelah ; and what do you find? That they have
stood by gold and silver, and still the labor of
men's hands has had no value compared with
the worth of labor in this country; and you
find that those nations are where they began.
The squalid slave still follows the stolid ass or
buffalo, dragging the wooden plow ; the indo-
lent caravan plods its painful way along road-
less deserts with troops of guards who camp
in the open air and spend as much time and
labor to convey a few car loads of merchan-
dise as far as from here to Pittsburg as an
American contractor would require to move
the material of this Capitol to the Mississippi
valley.
While ignorant poverty crouches beside the
ruins of luxury and vanity throughout all that
continental expanse, America, and even Europe,
have wrought wonders in the amelioration of
man's condition, to say nothing of the stu-
pendous advance in knowledge and the arts.
In this country we have so far made long
strides in progress toward the freedom of the
people in thought and act, and such has been
the advancement that every man's hands are
untied, every man is invited to cooperate and
compete, every man is challenged to take up
every impletnentof labor, to pursue every hon-
orable vocation, and make himself busy and use-
ful to his country and his kind, is there any-
thing in common between a country iji which
society runs in the old grooves of four thousand
years of despotism and debasement, reaching
to every corner of the land, and to every hearth-
stone, and a country where every man is sup-
posed to be a citizen and a king; between
the shiftless drudgery of Oriental serfdom and
the buoyant and bounding enterpriseof Aineii-
can free labor? Yet men high in authority in
this country tell us that gold and silver must
be made the currency, and wages and prices
lowered to a European standard, not seeing
that the door which opens for their golden age
brings in the squalid poverty and doleful poor-
house system of Europe with all its miseries
and sin.
I undertake to say that it will be found the
rule from the beginning to the end, that in
proportion as wages are high and a man by the
earnings of his hands acquires a greater pro-
portion of the ciiculating medium, whatever it
may be, in that proportion he enjoys a larger
share of the valuables of the community ; and
this should be the end and object of the distri-
bution of wealth. Not that a man shall liavo
so much money, but that he shall have so
much of that which is of use to him for his body
or his mind, for when wages and all other
things are high labor is sought for and com-
mands its price ; but when all things are low,
labor begs for opportunity and capital com-
mands its price.
Writers and speakers are continually dwell-
ing upon the amount of our currency before
the war, and estimating the same at so many
or so many millions ; but where is the man,
either in office or out of office, who has counted
or computed the currency existing before the
war at an amount anything like what it really
was? I hey will tell you there were so many
bank notes of those pet banks which infested the
country, and so much gold and so much silver,
and they foot up these amounts and tell yon
that before the war began we had so many
millions of currency, and since the war we
have so many greenbacks, and so much naiional
paper, so much gold, and so much silver, and
