1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Finances—Mr. Bromwell.
Ho. of Reps.
these they also add together as the existing
currency.
But, Mr. Speaker, where are the promissory
notes and the book accounts which before the
war took the place of currency, and exceeded
the amount of all our greenbacks? Who has
taken these into the calculation?
The Secretary of the Treasury puts forth his
report and discusses this subject. I do not
wish to attack him. I am not here to-day for
the purpose of making an assault upon his
conduct. 1 know of no facts that would bear
me out in saying anything derogatory to the
honest management of the Department's ac-
counts ; that is, I see nothing' with any cer-
tainty that would justify me in accusing him.
I shall, therefore, treat him as he has always
treated me—with the courtesy due to an officer
of this Government.
But with this official paper of his we all have
to do, and upon this I beg leave to submita few
reflections. And the reflections I will submit
are those which strike the common mind of the
common people, whom I have the high honor
to represent here, and are not the ratiocina-
tions or conclusions of political scholars, finan-
cial experts, agents of capital, or millennial
harbingers, now abounding in the political and
financial world. The Secretary says in one
place in his report:
" A certain amount is, required for facilitating ex-
changes and determining values. The exact amount
required cannot of course be accurately determined,
but the excess or deficiency of money in a country is
always pretty accurately indicated by the condition
of its industry and tr.ide. In all countries there is
just as much money needed as will oucournge enter-
prise, give employment to labor, and furnish the
means for a ready exchange of property, and no
more."
Now, if the Secretary will stand by and carry
out that doctrine he might, it seems to me,
accomplish all we desire. 1 also say that the
state of trade and industry in a country indi-
cates whether there is or is not a sufficient
amount of money in circulation, and that being
admitted, I desire in behalf of myself and all
the !'old settlers," without distinction, to say
to Secretary McCulloch and others who are
pressing contraction, that the course he has
seen proper to advocate in this country is cal-
culated to bring great numbers of able-bodied
men to idleness; and whether that makes a
difference or not in his calculations it will, in
our opinion, make a vast difference in this
country's prosperity whether all hands are set
to work with energy, as we propose, or more
thart five-hundred thousand independent citi-
zens are wearing holes in their coats, and par-
ticularly in their trousers, sitting on store-
boxes and horse-blocks about the country-
seats and cross-road groceries, watching the
neighbors pitch horseshoes for dog-leg tobacco
for want of better employment, as has always
been,-the case in times of contracted currency.
When the war broke out our surplus popu-
lation went into the Army. When the war
closed, and they came back to the number of a
million, the country then had what it never
had before; that is, good money enough to set
all hands at work of the myriads of men who
had followed General Grant and his illustrious
comrades iu the armies of the Republic. They
went with alacrity into all the departments of
life. They opened new avenues of business;
they entered upon new projects ; they brought
forward many new industries. The whole land
teemed with activity and energy. Railroads
were extended, farms opened, cities built; the
arts flourished. Every species of industry,
mechanical, commercial, and agricultural, went
forward; the tools of all craftsmen were in
motion, and the musical sounds of prosperity
from forest and field and forge and factory
filled all the land.
I venture to say from this experience that he
who adds ten per cent, to the energies of the
people has done more than he who doubles
their capital; for one hundred minds, impelled
by even a small increase of energy in product-
ive pursuits, will bring a power to add mate-
rial wealth to the nation more than thousands
sitting upon doubled capital, managing and
working to make that capital, sponge-like, suck
and draw proportionate returns from the pro-
ceeds of struggling industry.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot now, for want of time,
go through all this paper of the Secretary,
particularly as I speak without preparation,
according to the usage of my people in such
cases, for the "old settlers" never require a
man to say more than he knows at one time;
but if time were allowed I think I could go on
just now and make a speech on this subject so
nigh like a good one that you would not notice
the difference. But I have not intended to do
more than present the general views of the
people with whom I have grown up, and who
send me here to represent them before you.
[Voices, "Go ahead, you shall have time," &c.]
Again, the Secretary says:
" The prices of most kinds of property in the Uni-
ted States advanced near threefold during the war,
but this advance was mainly the result of the increase
of the circulating medium, and in reality only indi-
cated its depreciation. The purchasing power of the
money in circulation was diminished iu the ratio tlnit
its volume was increased. The farmer, for example,
received three dollars a bushel for his wheat, but,
except for the payment of his debts, these three dol-
lars were of no more value to him than one dollar
was belore the suspension of specie payments."
Here is logic for .you! According to this re-
port, as I will shortly show, the excess of green-
backs makes the difference between thein and
gold, which is now say forty per cent., but the
same excess makes wheat worth three times
as much. Now, if the premium on' gold to-day
is in proportion to the excess of paper money,
of course forty per cent, of paper withdrawn
would not make gold even. Then what would
become of the price of wheat, and how much
more would wheat fall than gold? If no more,
then the price does not depend entirely on
the amount of currency and farmers may con-
tinue to be distressed with high prices for their
products.
Mr. MULLINS. I wish before the gentle-
man closes that he would give us to under-
stand whether he proposes to liken this Wal-
russia to the land of Canaan, where Abraham
bought the cave of Machpelah?
Mr. BKOilWELL. If I have time, and I
can think of anything to say that would be in-
teresting upon that point, I will ceitainly do
so before I sit down.
Secretary McCulloch then says :
"The policy of contracting the currency, although
not enforced to the extent authorized by law, has j
prevented an expansion of credits, to which a ro-
dundant and especially a depreciated currency is al-
] ways an incentive, and has hud no little influence in
| stimulating labor and increasing production."
i And again, in continuationofthesaraeviews,
he says:
"An increase of money beyond what is needed for
the purposes above lictmed, according to all expe-
rience, not only inflates prices, but, diminishes labor:
and coin, as a consequence, flows from the country in
which the excess existsKto some other, where labor
is more active and prices are lower."
" Where labor is more active and prices are I
lower," says the Secretary. Now, sir, since !
I was old enough to shoulder an eggshell I
have never heard it said by any parly or any
man representing any set of opinions that to
squeeze down the money and make "wages
lower" rendered "labor more active ;'' that
to take away the reward of labor " stimulates
industry and promotes production." How can
that be? If this were true, it would have been
better during the war to burn the money we
had than to increase its amount, and thereby
our industry would have been increased ;
whereas the people saw and felt that the in-
crease of the currency was accompanied with
remarkable energy in every branch of business,
and the people were stimulated to labor be-
cause the facility with which they could change
that labor into valuables brought the valu-
ables, as it were, to tempt their very eyes. For
to make money plenty is to the man who labors
to put him comparatively nearer on a level
with the class who holds that money.
Why, sir, how very industrious the people
ought to be in Syria, in Persia, in Arabia, or on
the northern coast of Africa, and in all those
countries where wages arc solowthat labor is in
contemptby reason of the scarcity of money cir-
culating among the common people 1 Does not
every man know that this country is great only
because of its immense enthusiasm and en-
ergy, and that these depend upon the reward
of labor, and that the reward of labor must be
ready and waiting for the grasp of the men
who are to undergo the hard toil, and on whose
Atlasan shoulders the real burdens of the Gov-
ernment must be borne? Governments and
nations are not built up by smart writing in
books and pamphlets; they are not built up
by men becoming rich or learned in the lore
of political economy and writing books—teach-
ing the arts of sharp trading and speculation.
They become strong because of material wealth
so diffused as to permit diffused education and
enterprise and of the power consequent thereon,
and this comes from the hands and the brains
of men engaged in productive industry, and not
otherwise.
Again, the Secretary of the Treasury makes
another declaration to which I wish to call at-
tention :
"In all countries there is just as much money
needed as will encourage enterprise, give employ-
ment to labor, and furnish a ready exchange of
property, and no more. Whenever the amount in
circulation exceeds the amount required for these
purposes the fact will become apparent by a. decline
of industry, an advance of prices, and a tendency to
speculation."
All this is my opinion exactly; yet still I
wish to say a word about speculation. The
people whom I represent would rather see a
hundred men speculating on the prosperity of
this country than one man speculating on its
necessities.
Men will speculate forever, and they will
speculate either on the prosperity of their
neighbors or on their adversity. They will
either speculate because the universal energy
develops new fields of profit, or they will spec-
ulate because hard times have closed around
the people ; and creditors resort to the law,
judgments fill the dockets, and executions
cover all the court-house doors, and the ma-
jority of the people are at the mercy of the
money monger. Let me say to the Secretary of
the Treasury thatthespeculationswhich cut the
vitals of the community are made in hard times,
when money is scarce, as it was in 1841 and in
1857. Let him but bring the country again to
that pinch, and though speculations may not
be on so gigantic a scale, in great, railroad enter-
prises and getting up paper cities, they will be
in those small but infinitely numerous opera-
tions which capital enables men to make upon
the smallmeans of a neighborhood. InaState
oppressed by want, tied down by straitened
circumstances, and stripped of currency, men
have not the means of doing what they will
with their own. A man is not really free to
act when he must wait from day to day to
barter and make exchanges, and by this slow
means arrive finally at that which he needs.
Now, further, concerning the time before the
war, not only are the promissory notes and the
book accounts left out of the calculation, but
all that immense mass of business which was
nothing but barter. In "hard times" before
I the war a man owning oxen and wanting to pro-
cure sheep did not sell his oxen and buy sheep.
He had to wait until he found a man who
wanted to make the exchange. Sometitneslie
|j had to travel till he found a man who would
! j trade something else with him. He might have
jj to trade first for horses, then trade the horses
jj with another man for land, and finally exchange
!• the land for sheep. So that after he had spent
! weeks in waiting to accomplish the exchange
• he would succeed in procuring what he wanted
