1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1787
for the amendment except a general reason of
economy.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the Sen-
ate ought to be pretty well satisfied that the
committee made a pretty good guess when the
Secretary comes here this morning and thinks
he can do very well with $30,000. I have no
objection, if it is the sense of the Senate, to
inserting $30,000 in lieu of $20,000 for the con-
tingent expenses of the missions abroad.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Would it be in order
to move to amend by making the appropria-
tion $30,000?
Mr. SUMNER and others. It would be.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine moves to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "$20,000" and inserting
ti 000."
Mr.' CONKLING. Is that in order ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order to amend the amendment made in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I desire to say one word
on that proposition. All I desire to insist
upon is this : that it will not make any differ-
ence what the amount of this appropriation is ;
the amount of these contingent expenditures
of the legations will continue exactly the same.
They will be made out and be settled in the
Department, and will be claims against the
Governmentwhetherwe appropriate the money
to pay them, or appropriate a great deal too
much, or not. In other words, this item is not
one dependent on the appropriation; and cut-
ting it down does not reduce the expenses of
the Government, and increasing it does not
swell them.
Mr. CONNESS. The remarks of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania are based upon the
presumption that the amount of the appropria-
tion corresponds to the provision made by law
and the amount necessary to be used; but that
does not appear to be the case. On the con-
trary, the Secretary of State confesses that it
is not.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This is a con-
tingent.
Mr. CONNESS. I know it is a contingent;
and if the Secretary of State has said that he
thinks he can get along with $30,000 I think it
can be taken that he can get along with $20,000.
At any rate I think, as this disagreement
between the two Houses will go to a commit-
tee of conference, the matter can be safely
trusted there, and that the amendment ol' the
committee as originally made ought to be sus
tained at the present time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is any objec
tion to the proposition I suggested from any-
body I will withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdraw it. I will
not push it against the wish of any one Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment is withdrawn. The
question now is on concurring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CONNESS. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is well for
the Senate to understand the proposition and
the result that will follow, because if this
amendment is voted down then the appropria-
tion stands, of course, at $50,000.
Mr. SUMNER. It stands as it came from
the House of Representatives.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And that is
S50,000. The Secretary of State says he can
get along very well with $30,000. The com-
mittee propose to give him $20,000. _the
proposition now is to give him $50,000. That
is the result. .
Mr SHERMAN. I renew the motion ot
the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,]
to make the appropriation $30,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Senators did not ex-
actly understand what I said. Ihe Secretary
of State said he should endeavor to get along
with whatever Congress saw fit to appropriate
for this purpose. He had nothing to say about
it. He did not feel disposed to say anything
about it. Bui be said he thought if $10,000
were added to this first item it would be better,
probably.
Mr. CONNESS. Why not leave it to the
conference committee ? Can they not determ-
ine it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting "$30,000." ^From
the statement made I think we ought to agree
on that sum.
Mr. CONNESS. Is that in order pending
the call of the yeas and nays?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is in order.
Mr. CONNESS. Is it in order pending a
call?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That does
not make any difference. The question is on
the amendment to the amendment striking
out "twenty" and inserting "thirty."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted,
there being, on a division—ayes twenty-lour,
noes not counted.
Mr. HOWE. Is there any other excepted
amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ex-
cepted amendments are all disposed of.
Mr. HOWE. Then I move to amend the
first section by striking out " Portugal" in the
eleventh line. I am not going to take up any
time in arguing the matter. Twice the Senate
and the House of Representatives have refused
to make this appropriation. Since those two
refusals were made I am not aware that a sin-
gle fact has changed ; so that the vote of the
Senate, upon which no division was called,
the other day, is a judgment of condemnation
upon the action of the Senate at the last ses-
sion and the session before. If the Senate
sees fit to condemn itself, of course I cannot
object. But I wish to show by my vote that I
do not participate in that judgment of con-
demnation ; and sol hope the Senate will give
me the yeas and nays upon it. I shall be con-
tent with the result. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas l(i, nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Colo, Conness, Corbett.
Drake, Ferry, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Morrill ot
Maine, Nye, Stewait, Sumner, Thayer,Tipton, and
Williams—II). .
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalcw, Davis, Dixon,
Edmunds, Fessenden, Fowler, Krelmghuysen, Hen-
derson, Hcndricks, Johnson, McUreery, Morgan,
Norton, Rams-cv, itoss. Sherman, Spraguu, V an \v in-
kle, Vickers, Wade, Willey, and Yates—23.
ABS lj\rT—Messrs. Bayard, Camel on, Cat-tell, Gonk-
linff, Cragin, Doolittle. Grimes, Momll ot Vermont,
Morton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson ol
Tennessee, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Trumbull, and wil-
son—15.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It becomes ne-
cessary, in order to perfect the bill, to make an
amendment on page 2, lines fifteen and sixteen.
The words "three hundred and one" were
stricken out and "two hundred and eighty-
six" inserted in committee, so as to make the
amount of the appropriations for salaries of
envoys extraordinary, ministers, and commis-
sioners, $286,000. Astbe amendments to that
clause have been non-concurred in, it is neces-
sary to raise the appropriation to the original
amount. I make that motion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be_ en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
FUNDING BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move, merely for the
purpose of having the bill before the Senate
to-morrow, to take up the funding bill, as it is
called. I do not care about pressing it to-night.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
207) for funding the national debt, and for the
conversion of ihe notes of the Lnited States.
PAYMENT OF SOLDIERS BOUNTIES.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that is done I ask
leave to make a report from the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. CONNESS. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 331) to facilitate the pay-
ment of soldiers' bounties under act of 1866,
to report it back with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute, and as I think there
will be no objection to it now, and it has been
discussed once or twice before, I should like
to have it acted upon at once. I do not think
there will be any objection made to it. If there
is, I will let it go over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the text of it ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the same bill that
was up once or twice before. You will hear
it in a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read for inform-
ation. Let us know what it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a bill to provide
fifty additional clerks in the Second Auditor's
office to facilitate the payment of soldiers'
bounties. It has been discussed once or twice
in the Senate, and when the amendment is
read I do not think there will be any objection
to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; that is all
right. I have no objection to it.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. The Committee on Finance
reported the bill with an amendment to strike
out all after the enacting clause and to insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That the Secretary of tho Treasury be, and lie is
hereby, directed to employ, for ono year, fifty addi-
tional clerks, in tho division of the Second Auditor s
cilice of the Treasury Department, furnishing inform-
ation to the Paymaster General in regard to sol-
diers claiming bounty under the provisions of sections
twelve and thirteen of the act entitled An act mak-
ing appropriations for sundry civil expenses ol the
Government lor the year ending June 30, 18G7, and
for other purposes," approved July 28, 186b, giving
in all eases preference in saidemploymentto soldiers
and sailors honorably discharged from the service of
the United States.
Src 2 Andbe it further onactcd, That tho becretary
of the Treasury he, and he is hereby, directed to pro-
cure and to provide adequate and convenient rooms
for all clerks employed in the examination ot tho
mu'tcr-rolls in said othce. .
Sfc. 3. And be il further enactcd, lhat the Assistant
Treasurer of the United States in the city ot-New
York be, and he is hereby, directed to pay duplicate
checks lor bounties prantcd under the said act, upon
notice and proof of the loss of the original check or
checks, under such regulations as the Secretary ot
the Treasury may direct.
Sec. 4. A ml be it further enacted, That the Second
Comptroller and Second Auditor are each hereby
authorized to detail ono clerk in his bureau whomay
sign all certificates and papers issued under any of
the several bounty acts for such Comptroller and
Auditor; and such signature shall be as vaha m all
respects as if signed by the said Comptroller and
Auditor.
Mr. HARLAN. I may not have understood
the phraseology correctly. If I did, however,
the bill "directs" the Secretary ol the Treas-
ury to employ fifty additional clerks. I think
that phraseology is unusual in a law; and I
will inquire of the chairman of the committee
who reported the bill why that phraseology is
used?
Mr. SHERMAN. We simply followed the
language of the bill referred to us. I have no
objection to a change in that respect.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it would be better
to strike out the word "directed" and to insert
the word "authorized."
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
that the bill, as it was sent to us, required the
appointment of not less than fifty additional
clerks.
Mr. CONNESS. It is a mere change of a
word. Let it be done.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection. The
principal section is the last section, which au-
thorizes the Second Auditor and the Secoud
