S836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
of, is a question of expediency, which has
nothing to do with mQrals; which has nothing
to do with right and wrong, but only has to do
with receiving the greatest reasonable amount
of tax from a given article. Well, sir, it was
upon grounds of expediency that I based my
opposition to this change, because in the first
place I have been brought up in a school of
politics which has taught me that to do right
is the highest possible expediency, I am aware
that the party to which my honorable friend
belongs never has taken exactly that view of
the management of affairs. Success is the
touch-stone with him and his associates to
achieve the given point, no matter what the
means may be by which that end is to be
achieved, (I will keep within such limits as
propriety and my friendship would confine me,)
whether it is to be through a platform which
has repudiation at one end of it and national
rights at the other, or whatever the platform
may be. But, sir, looking at it in the view of
expediency, in that narrow and low sense in
which he treats it, I say that it is expedient
that we should receive from this article of lux-
ury, as it is, the largest possible revenue that
we can collect. I believe that is generally not
disputed.
Then the next question is, Can we collect the
two dollars a gallon? The committee and the
Senator tell us that we cannot because we have
not. They say that is the best proof. In the
first year of this taxation, the year 1865, we
collected, under an Administration that hud
been transmitted by one of the most unfortu-
nate tragedies that ever happened in this or
any other country, from one President to an-
other, three or four times in round numbers
the amount that we have collected in this year.
1 do not profess to state it with accuracy.
Mr. SIIERMAN. Will my friend allow me
to give him the figures?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will remind my friend
from Ohio, although I am very glad to be inter-
rupted, that he refused me a similar courtesy
yesterday ; but I wish to be interrupted, because
i beueve that is the true way of conducting
debate to get at the truth.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 was going to say that
the Senator is mistaken in one thing. The tax
was put at two dollars in March, 1865. In 1864,
when it was six ty cents, it yielded us $28,431,000.
The year following, I860, during part of which
it was sixty cents and part two dollars, it yielded
us 6 I 3.i)l)o,000. The next year, 1866, during
the whole of which we had the two-dollar tax,
the yield was §29,198,000. In 1867 it was
$28,21)0,000 ; and in the present year, up to the
1st of July, a little less than sixteen million
dollars.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am much obliged to my
honorable friend. In exact proportion as you
are from the date of the death of President
Lincoln, just in that proportion does the yield
of the tax on whisky, or anything else in re-
gard to which a "ring'' can be formed, de-
scend. I could have foretold, could have
guessed, that that explanation would be reached
if you looked at the documents. If you find
that there is a whisky "ring,'" you find that
every man of them is a supporter of that "con-
servative" and "constitutional" Administra-
tion, which is about to carry the country,
amid thunders of applause, through Tammany
Hall, as they say, on to some caudidate, ex-
actly who we do not yet know. They are all
to be found on that side. They are all opposed
to the tax and in favor of the Administration.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to say a word
to the Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall be very happy to
hear my friend from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 have paid some at-
tention to the recent convictions at Richmond.
I think there were four or five persons con-
victed and severely sentenced by the Chief
Justice. There was also arecentconviction of a
noted man at New York. In the whole number
of those convictions, amounting to about half a
dozen, there was but one among them who does
not belong to the Senator's own party.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, every man who has
been convicted undoubtedly under this Admin-
istration has been an opponent of it. I should
have expected that. And every man who has
received a sentence from the Chief Justice has
undoubtedly been or will bo a Republican.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I rose to correct the
Senator, " every one were friends ofthe Admin-
istration." These are the only known cases
to which I can point.
Mr._ EDMUNDS. Let us see about those.
Who is a Republican and who is otherwise in
the State of Virginia nobody of less talent
than my friend, and a man in intimate connec-
tion with the Administration, could possibly
guess. We have had a recent instance of that
in executive session, to which, of course, I
cannot refer, where whether the man is on one
side of the fence or the other, and we have it
every time in these southern States, nobody
can know. Therefore, I set aside his Virginia
instances as being somewhat problematical.
Now to the New York instance to which he
alludes, where the man had a position: it so
happened that that gentleman, according to
his history, was a member of the party of my
honorable friend. It is true that he sold him-
self out, as the story goes. I do not wish to
abuse a man who is in the State prison and
cannot reply to me; but the story goes that lie
sold himself out to get the speakership at Al-
bany one year, and got it by one vote, and
then returned to the fold of that great party
which is always ready to receive at least peni-
tents, if not those who have sinned and have
not repented. That is his history. I believe
1 state it fairly.
No, Mr. President, it is a fact that my friend
from Pennsylvania cannot deny that this great
combination of operators against this law is
just as thoroughly a combination in favor of
this Administration and of the Democratic
party as it is that 1, who stand up here and
stand by the law, am opposed to it. I do not
say that the Democratic party is to blame for
it. 1 do not say that the Administration is to
blame for it. People cannot help admiring
men who befriend them ; and inasmuch as the
conduct of this Administration has been such
as to encourage and uphold, either affirmatively
or negatively, this gigantic, informal, unorgan-
ized corporation, L do not think it is very
unnatural that that corporation should jend all
its energies to the defense of" the President of
the United States when he is impeached, and
to the support of whoever it may be when lie
comes to be a candidate for office. 1 am not
surprised at it at all.
My friend says that the real difficulty after
all is in the fact that we passed a bill which
deprived the President of the United States
of the power summarily to remove persons
from office when they should be detected in
any improper practice, and he imputes to me
and my honorable friend from Oregon [Mr.
Wii.i.iams] the guilt and sin of the passage of
that law. My Iriend from Oregon is probably
more to blame than I am, if there is any blame.
The idea in that form originated with him. I
am proud to say that I did all I could to aid
him in carrying through and perfecting that
measure, and 1 do not believe either iie or
myself is at all ashamed of it yet. Mr. Pres-
ident, were it not for that law to-day, instead
of getting only $10,000,000 or $11,000,000,
you would not have got $5,000,000. In my
humble judgment—and our experience demon-
strates it—if that law had not been in force
there would not have been a man in the whole
internal revenue service of the country, from
the Commissioner down, who either was not
in the whisky ring or a cousin to somebody
who was in the whisky ring.
The truth is that everybody all over the
country knows where this responsibility rests,
and which are the birds that flock together.
Look at the city of New York, where by far
the largest proportion of all the whisky in the
country, relatively speaking, is distilled and
made, where the largest frauds are committed,
where millions in a day or a week are taken
from the coffers of the Government, or rather
kept out of them that ought, to go in. What
do you see there? Just in proportion as there
are distilleries, and just in proportion as there
are frauds, you find coming up on election day
the greatest majorities for the Democratic
party; and the city that can defraud the Uni-
ted States out of its millions in a year cau give
to the Democratic party majorities by the hun-
dred thousand, I was about to say by, the
seventy or eighty thousand. To be^ sure this
may be a perfectly inconsequential coincidence.
It may be so; but it so happens that there is
the fact: and it is a fact that the intelligent
people of this country will not shut up their
eyes to ; and it will stand the fact until through
a reformation of the administrative department
of the Government there shall be sent into that
city, or selected from it a class of agents (and
there are enough of them there now^ among
those citizens who could bo selected if there
was anybody to select them) who will enforce
with fairness and impartiality and incorrupti-
bility the law which declares that upon this
liquor whatever is imposed shall be paid.
My colleague has said, reasoning upon eco-
nomic grounds, and upon ingenious ones, as
he always does, that the fact that the article is
a luxury does not necessarily prove that it will
bear a given rate of taxation. That is true ;
and he illustrates by referring to the case of
diamonds, among the greatest oi luxuries, only
carrying an impost of ten per cent., which he
believes to be double what it ought to be for
purposes of revenue. That is all very true ;
and the reason my colleague well knows is
that diamonds are a species of luxury that are
easily concealed ; that the vigilant and honest
and energetic custom-house officer cannot find
them. If there is any comparison or illustra-
tion to be made between a diamond and a
barrel of whisky, or between a small casket of
$1,000,000 of diamonds that you could put in
your pocket and a huge distillery that runs its
five hundred barrels a day, I fail to see it.
You can collect the tax on whisky or stop the
distilling if your agents are honest. You can-
not collect a tax on diamonds where that tax
is laid so high that it is an object for the holder
and possessor of the diamonds to conceal them,
as he can, nine times in ten, beyond the reach
of their being discovered ; and that I respect-
fully submit to my colleague is the fair differ-
ence between the two cases. But, sir, I do
not wish to occupy more of your time.
Mr. CONNESS obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Allow me a
moment in reply to my colleague ?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes; I leave the discus-
sion between the two Senators from Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely
wish to say one word to my colleague in rela-
tion to the fact of diamonds being so easily
concealed. I had suppposed that a very con-
siderable amount of whisky was very easily
concealed. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is, through a glass.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And in re-
lation to this particular subject my colleague
ought to know that our own good little State,
where we drink no whisky, and where it was
supposed we made none, lias been shocked by
the seizure of two distilleries there. There
they thought they could go with entire impu-
nity and hide their stills in the woods in some
back town, and buy their molasses, cart it to
their distillery, and make a very respectable
little sum, much more than they could make
by farming in Vermont. It is so" over the
country ; in Tennessee, up and down the Mis-
sissippi. So that this high duty of two dollars
per gallon tempts almost every rascal m the
country to go to work. I say it is utterly im-
possible that we can collect it, and as practical
men we should reduce it to the proper sum.
Mr. CONNESS and Mr. YATES addressed
the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Illinois.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I took the
