288
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GkLOBE.
[March 18,
Ho. of Heps.
Finances—Mr. Bromwell.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
in the first instance, but then, perhaps, of an
unsuitable quality.
This was the way business was transacted
quite commonly in this country during all the
hard times from 1840 to 18ti2. But where there
is money in circulation a man sells to one and
buys of another, and in an hour's time he has
done his business. His energy is all in force
and his time is not wasted, and when the ener-
gies of people are alive the country, as we have
seen, becomes filled with new farms, houses,
churches, school-houses, mills, factories, and
depots, so that it is a matter of astonishment
that improvements can be so rapid. Indeed,
if a stranger had visited my section of country
at the beginning of the war and should go
there now he would throw up his hands in ad-
miration as the Queen of Sheba did when she
stood at the portals of Solomon.
Is it contraction of the currency that has
produced this? Let, me ask the Secretary of
the Treasury to take upon himself for three
months the business of dealing in cattle and
produce in the western States and he will soon
see what the policy of contraction is doing and
like to do for the benefit of the country, and
whether there is too much money in the coun-
try to carry ou business in such a way as to give
every man the advantage of his labor. A pil-
grimage of that sort through the central, that
is, the western States, would bring more knowl-
edge of the condition and wants of the people
to the Treasury Department than is to be found
in all the books of finance that were ever
written by lamp-light or gas light since the art
of printing was biought out of darkness. The
Secretary further says :
" Money is simply a medium of exchange and meas-
ure of value. As a medium it facilitates exchangee,
and by doing thisnecessurily stimulates production."
True. But, sir, how much is needed? I say
as much as will put all the people at work. So
long as you find men seeking employment
without being able to find it, the country needs
more money. When you find men of means
hunting for workmen but unable to find them,
then the country has sufficient money—then
the country is prospering ; and much as some
may dread such a state of things, the only dan-
ger will be that men who boast of wealth may
have to go to work when their poorer neigh-
bors are all employed. I would to God there
was enough of the medium of exchange, what-
ever it may be, so that every man iti the United
States could, to some extent at least, be the
master of his own hands. That cannot be
realized under a contracted currency. Capital
will own him body and soul, and, like the
giant cuttle, will fasten its grasping tentacles
about him as long as the amount of currency is
kept at the low rate required by capital to in-
sure its own reward.
But the Secretary goes on to say :
*' No sa.neman supposes that his own wealth, or the
wealth of tiie nation, is increased by the deprecia-
tion of the standard by which it is measured. If the
paper circulation of the United States should be
doubled during the next year, and the prices of prop-
erty should be likewise doubled, would it be imagined
that the real value of property would be thus ad-
vanced? "
He argues, first—as I said I would show—that
the doubling of the currency doubles values,
which is not true and never was, as this verj^re-
port proves, in speaking of which; and secondly,
that it would add 110 ;hing to values, to which last
I agree. But I wish to say that it is not of the
prices of articles which 1 now speak when I
say that the wealth of the country is increased
by an abundant currency. I know that ap-
praising an article at a certain price adds
nothing to its intrinsic value ; but 1 say that a
system which puts better clothes on men's
bodies, better boots 011 their feet, better horses
in their stables, better wagons on their roads,
better implements on their farms, and better
furniture in their houses, is the better system
for the community. Judging by this test, I
feel justified in saying that the people of this
country a-dded more to their material wealth
in the two years prior to 1867 than in any five
years before. And by this means the national
debt was in effect diminished, for to increase
the valuables of the country makes the debt
proportionally smaller, and to diminish prices
and values makes the debt proportionally
greater, as all can see.
MATEBIAI. PKOSPERITY.
This, I undertake to say, has diminished in
proportion as we diminished the amount of
current money below what the amazing ex-
pansion of industry and business in this country
made necessary two years ago.
For the purpose of doing this the Secretary
of the Treasury was authorized by a law of
this Congress to burn $1,000,000 of greenbacks
a month, aprn ilege which he seemed to greatly
enjoy. What followed? A universal cry
arose among those who are paying the inflated
taxation of this country. It is very well to
talk about '• inflated currency," but I wish to
suggest that at the same time we are paying
and must pay an inflated taxation, and nothing
but that inflated currency, as it is called, ever
enabled your officers to collect the taxes for
one month without public distiess. Neither
will they be able, under any circumstances,
any longer to collect internal taxation such as
we have had for one single month whenever
we shall return to what they are pleased to
call a specie basis. Xow, sir, in my humble
judgment, 1 considered, and I did hope when I
offered a joint resolution to that effect that
this Congress would consider, it better to col-
lect $48,000,000 a year of our bonds of any
description and burn them instead of our
money. It would have been better for the
country to do that than to burn $48,000,000
of the circulating medium, leaving the bonds
to bear interest, as has been done. For to
burn $48,000,000 of money it must first be
collected as tax, so that amount of tax was
actually collected for the fire. The House,
however, has not seen fit to direct any such
action, neither do I know that it will do so. If
$48,000,000 of anything is to be burned the old
settlers live so far from Wall street that they
cannot see why it should be the circulating
medium and not the inteiest-beaiing debt of
this country. I would that this Congress would
make the amount of bonds to be called in and
destroyed more than $4,000,000 a month, so
that there should be a material reduction in
our interest-bearing indebtedness, for by this
means greenbacks may come to par. The
Secretary argues that by contraction greenbacks
will be brought to par. lie has been contract-
ing for two years, and where is the par to which
he has brought greenbacks? His theory has
been "tried by fire" and is found wanting.
The truth is, so long as these bonds, which the
greenbacks represent in a certain sense, are at
so great a discount, the greenbacks will be
below par. If the bonds were being taken up,
or by any other means the credit of the Gov-
ernment were kept up, so that they were net
being hawked about the markets of the world
at seventy cents on the dollar, then we might
expect some advance in greenbacks.
I wish, sir, to compare for a moment, before
I go further, the condition of the country as it
really was before the war and as it really is, and
not as pictured by the imagination of political
writers. Before the war, let the amount of
currency be what it might, the dockets of the
circuit courts in every county that I know any-
thing about west of the Alleghany mountains
were black with decrees in chancery foreclosing
mortgages and executions upon promissory
notes and obligations. The court-house doors
were placarded with advertisements of masters'
and sheriffs' sales; and advertisements of sales
of lands for taxes filled up the county newspa-
pers over a year from the title page to the end.
Why was this? Was not the currency scarce
enough? It had been so for several years.
How is it now? How was it two years ago?
How was it after the people had enough legal-
tender ready money with which to transact their
business? And yet Secretary McCulloch, in
speaking of these very greenbacks, uses this
language:
" Regarding, as he does, the issue of United States
notes, in the iir&t instance, as having been a misfor-
tune/' tfce.
He, the Secretary of the Treasury, admit-
ting that necessity required it, still regards the
issue of this money, which unlocked execu-
tions and stayed the sheriff s hammer on one
half of all the real estate in this country, and
which saved the country from executions upon
the personal property of tens of thousands of
men—he regards the issue of greenbacks as a
misfortune!
Let me say here that it cannot be doubted
that the making of these greenbacks legal
tender saved this country from financial ruin.
Without it we should have been involved in
universal bankruptcy, such as now afflicts all
the communities of the South. Without these
greenbacks having been made legal tender
there would have been nothing in the shape of
industry, no business from which to have
raised the taxation which supported the Gov-
ernment. Without it, since the war, you would
have been precisely where the people of the
confederate States were when they came out
of the contest, without anything but chaff and
dust and ashes in your hands with which to
meet legal obligations, or with which to make
exchanges of any merchantable value. And
yet the Secretary regrets the passage of a law
giving the people the power to use their own
credit and resources, to take the burden off
their own backs, to untie their own hands and
put their industry to profit.
I undertake to say, further, that but for the
acts which brought out the legal-tender notes
and the national currency this countiy, from
the very necessity of the case, would have
been overwhelmed with the issues of wild-cat
banks in every town and county-seat from
Maine to California, excepting the gold-pro-
ducing States and Territories. Let me say
fuither to this House that unless this Govern-
ment does see to it that its people have a cur-
rency sufficient for their wants the local Legis-
latures will again begin the work of spread-
ing irresponsible notes of corporate banks
broadcast throughout this country. They will
do it because the public distresses will compel
the people to pay any price rather than to be
ground down again as they have been hereto-
fore. It may not be wise, but it will never-
theless be done.
Mr. DAWES. I have listened with a great
deal of gratification to the able remarks so far
made by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Bromwell.] But there is one point upon
which 1 desire to obtain his opinion. I per-
ceive by the newspapers published in Cincin-
nati, where this plan originated which he is
advocating, that the proposition is to issue
$2,500,000,000 of greenbacks, and divide them
up among all the people of the country, and
they have figured out that it will give $400 to
each man, woman, and child in the country.
Now, [ want, to ask my friend if he will not go
for the proposition to make it $450 each ? It
will be necessary for us, if we would not lose
the popular favor in such a matter, to go at
least that tar beyond what the other side pro-
poses. [Laughter.]
Mr. "ft ASllBUllN, of Wisconsin. With the
permission of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Bno.MWELi.,] 1 will correct a misstatement, or
an error oi tact, 011 the part of my friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] The gentleman
from Massachusetts says that this plan origin-
ated in Cincinnati, Ohio. Now, I think in
that statement he does great injustice to a per-
son well known, and whose proposition dates
far back of any proposition the gentleman
i alludes to as having originated in Cincinnati.
