404
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
A joint resolution (8. R. No. 80) in relation
to the erection of a jail in the District of
Columbia;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 88) for the
appointment of Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 130) in rela-
tion to the sale of stotk in the Dismal Swamp
Canal Company.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting a report and
accompanying papers from the Secretary of
State, in compliance with the eighteenth sec-
tion of the act approved August 18, 1850, reg-
ulating the diplomatic and consular systems
of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report from '
the Secretary of State, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
19th ultimo, a statement of the amounts paid
for publishing the laws of the United States in
the newspapers appointed for that purpose
since the 4th of March, 1801; and also a state-
ment of the amount paid by that Department
for consul fees and reporting trials since March
4,1861; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a report from the Secretary of the
Treasury, containing the information requested
in a resolution of the Senate of the 16th ultimo
relative to the amount of United States bonds
issued to the Union Pacific Railroad Company
and each of its branches, including the Central
Pacific railroad of California, and the amount
of interest repaid by the several railroad com-
panies to the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of the National Freedmen's Relief
Association, asking an appropriation for the j
relief of destitute colored people of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORGAN presented a resolution of the
Buffalo Board of Trade, recommending a
change in the collection and reduction of the
taxes on distilled spirits, and the abolishment
of bonded warehouses ; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
citizens of Providence, Rhode Island, praying
legislation' to secure to women equal suffrage
with men in the District of Columbia; which
was referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia. I
Mr. CONKLING presented resolutions of a
public meeting held at Syracuse, New York,
calling on the Government for the adoption
of measures adequate to the protection of our \
citizens abroad; which were referred to the j
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. JOHNSON presented additional papers
in relation to the claim of William J. Blackis- i
tone; which was referred to the Committee ou ;
Claims. ;
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of j
Jerome J. Getty, of Stearns county, Minnesota, I
asking to be paid for certain property destroyed '
by United States troops in that State in the j
winter of 1864-05; which was referred to the j
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, i
He also presented the petition of Barnard
K. Knowlton, administrator of the estate of S. !
B. Lowry, praying compensation for mail ser- i
vice in Minnesota for the benefit of that estate ; !
which was referred to the Committee on Post j
Offices and Post Roads. • !
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the petition of a
large number of colored citizens of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, asking that the act of Con-
gress with regard to the appointment of the
levy court for the^county of Washington in the
District may be repealed so far as to allow
provision to be made that the members of the
said levy court shall be elected by ballot at
such times, manner, and form as Congress in
its judgment shall declare. I ask the reference
of this petition to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
It was so referred.
Mr. FOWLER presented a petition of Sarah
Webb,widow of William R. Webb, lateaprivate
in company K first Tennessee infantry, pray-
ing a pension for herself and child; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CATTELL presented a memorial of
manufacturers and operatives engaged in the
production of hand-loom articles, asking for
the repeal of the tax on those articles ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of Ann
Kelly, widow of Bernard Kelly, late a private
in the thirteenth regiment New York volun-
teers, praying a pension ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of E. C. Mor-
rison, of Virginia, praying compensation for
losses sustained in the occupation of his prem-
ises by United States troops in the year 1865;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of B. F. Bige-
low, of Polk county, Georgia, praying com-
pensation for losses sustained in the destruc-
tion of one hundred and twenty-five bales of
cotton belonging to him by United States
troops on the 2d of November, 1864; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of J. R. Bige-
low, of Fairfax county, Virginia, praying an
appropriation of $1,423 33 in payment for the
use of his property by the United States troops
.for a small-pox hospital during a period of
fourteen months; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. FERRY presented a petition of David
S. Sanford, of Waterbury, Connecticut, pray-
ing that the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to convert the remains of nine $100
notes, destroyed by fire, into five-twenty bonds ;
of the issue of 18C7; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, presented
the'petition of Dr. John Templeton, of Ten-
nessee, asking compensation for services ren-
dered as surgeon to United States troops and
medicines furnished, and also for the loss of a
horse; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of mem-
bers of the reconstruction constitutional conven-
tion of Alabama, praying the removal of the
political disabilities now resting upon Governor
It. M. Patton, of that State; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY. I presented a few days
ago the memorial of John Ross, late chief of
"the Cherokee nation, and had it referred to
the Committee on Claims. It should have been
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
I now move that the Committee on Claims
be discharged from its consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT presented a petition of citi-
zens of Oregon, praying for the establishment
of a mail route ; which was referred to the Com-
mute on Post Offices and Post Roads.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 231) for the relief of John
Templeton ; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 232)
granting a pension to Henrietta Nobles; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 233) to establish a certain post route in
Oregon ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 234) to authorize the re-
moval of causes in certain cases from the dis-
trict courts to the circuit courts of the United
States; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 235) to incorporate the congregation of
the North Presbyterian Church of Washing-
ton ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 230) in addition to the act entitled "An
act to incorporate the Washington, George-
town, and Alexandria Steam Packet Com-
pany," which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 237) in relation to the promulgation of
the laws of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 331) to facilitate
payment of soldiers' bounties under the act of
1806, reported it with amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 76) authorizing
the several Departments of the Government to
purchase paper and envelopes of the Treasury
Department, reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred
tbe bill (S. No. 106) tor the relief of the own-
ers of the land within United States survey
No. 3217, in the State of Missouri, reported it
with amendments, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, From the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
165) to authorize the conversion of registered
bonds into coupon bonds, reported adversely
thereon, and moved the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill; which was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 229) for the relief of Horace Smith
and D. B. Wesson, or their assigns, reported
it without amendment, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL OF SPIRITS FROM WAIiEIIOCSES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 3G9) to prevent frauds in the
collection of the tax on distilled spirits, to re-
port it back with an amendment; and I am
also directed, as the immediate consideration
of this bill will greatly advance the public
interest, to ask the consent of the Senate to
put it on its passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which provides that from and after its
passage no distilled spirits in bond shall be
withdrawn or removed from any warehouse for
the purpose of transportation, redistillation,
rectification, change of package, exportation,
or for any other purpose whatever, until ihe
full tax on such spirits shall have been duly
paid to the collector of the proper district.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with an amendment in line four, to strike out
the words "in bond;" so as to make the bill
read:
That from and after the passage of this net no dis-
, tilled spirits Bhall be withdrawn or removed from any
warehouse for' the purpose oi transportation, redis-
tillation, ifce.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to hear tha
