i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1780
Mr. CORBETT. I withdraw ;he amend-
ment.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the joint
resolution (S. R. No. Ill) providing for the
issue of clothing to soldiers and others to re-
place clothing destroyed to prevent contagion.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 900) to exempt certain
manufactures from internal tax ; and
_A joint resolution (H. R. No. 232) author-
izing assignment of a lot of land in St. Augus-
tine, Florida, to the Commissioner of the Bu-
reau of Refugees and Freedmen for educa-
tional purposes.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following joint
resolutions ; and they were thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore :
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 89) providing
for the representation of the United States at
the international maritime exhibition to be
held at Havre ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 92) for the
relief of Israel S. Diehl; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. Ill) providing
for the issue of clothing to soldieis and others
to replace clothing destroyed to prevent con-
tagion.
PORTS OF PEORTA AND HANNIBAL.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate to take
up a little bill of five lines that is local to my
State, but which it is important to have acted
upon at once. It has been reported by the
Committee on Commerce, and I think there
will be no objection to it. I move to take up
House bill No. 785.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 785) to revive an act to constitute Han-
nibal, Missouri, and Peoria, Illinois, ports of
delivery was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It provides that the second section of the
act of the 5th of April, 185C, entitled "An act
to constitute the cities of Hannibal, Missouri,
and Peoria, Illinois, ports of delivery," shall
be revived and be in full force and effect for
the term of two years from the passage of this
act.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
nOUSi! BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 900) to exempt certain
manufactures from internal tax was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 232) author-
izing assignment of a lot of land in St. Augus-
tine, Florida, to the Commissioner of the Bu-
reau of Refugeesaud Fieedmenfor educational
purposes was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
NAVAJO INDIANS.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask the Senate to
take up House bill No. 733, and I will state
my reason for it. We are paying now for
the subsistence pf "seventy-five hundred Navajo
Indians in New Mexico. We have for the
last five years issued to them rations cost-
ing us §750,000 per year, and it is likely to
cost us that amount of money again this year
unless we remove the Indians somewhere. _ I
am just now in receipt of a telegraphic dis-
patch from General Augur, at Omaha, stating
that a very large number of Indians, at our
request, have assembled at Fort Laramie—the
Powde:* river Indians who engaged in the war
last summer, and in fact for the last eighteen
months, whom we are compelled to feed until
commissioners meet them. WoulA it not be
well to pass an act authorizing the commission
to remove the Navajo Indians, either back to
their old country or upon one of these con-
templated reservations, in time for them to
make a crop this year, in order to save the
Government an expense of about three fourths
of a million of dollars annually, and also to
settle the difficulty with the Powder river
Indians, so that the war may close? I move,
therefore, that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill which I have named. I
think it will take but a short time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of'the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 733) for the
remo/al of the Navajo Indians at the Bosque
Redondo, and to establish them on a reserva-
tion.
The Committee on Indian Affairs proposed
to amend the bill, by striking out all after its
enacting clause and inserting:
That tho commission heretofore authorized ancl
creatcd under the act of July 20, 1867, to establish
peacc with certain hostile Indian tribes, is hereby
authorized and directed, as early as practicable, to
conclude a treaty with the Navajo Indians now held
at the Bosque Kedondo, in tile Territory of New
Mexico, against their will, providing lor theremo*ral
of said Indians to their former home in tho northern
part of said Territory, or to such other lands in the
Indian Territory west of tho Stato of Arkansas, ns
may be thought best suited to their present condi-
tion and future prosperity, and for tho purposo of
carrying out the provisions of this aet, and to sub-
sist tile Indians during the period of removal, there
is hereby appropriated the sum of $150,000 to be
expended by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
under the direction and supervision of said com-
missioners.
Srcc. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$7 ,000, or so much thereof as may bo necessary, be,
and tho same is hereby, appropriated, for the pur-
pose of enabling said commission to conclude a peace
with tho Sioux Indians of tho Powder river, the
northern Cheycnnes, and other Indians recently hos-
tile in tho western purtof Dakota, now being assem-
bled at Fort Laramie, and also meet tho Shoshones,
Snakes, BaD nocks, and other Indians, on or near tho
line of tho Union Pacific railroad, and oast of the
eastern boundary of the Territory of Utah.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to have some
explanation from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs respecting the bill. If
I understand it rightly, it provides lor the re-
moval of the Navajo Indians against their will.
If so, it is a very important matter.
Mr. HENDERSON. The bill provides for
the removal of the Navajos, who are now held
on the Bosque Redondo against their will.
Mr. HOWARD. How does it happen that
these Indians are held there against their will?
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state to the Sen-
ator in a few words. In 1802, General Carl-
ton was sent to take command of New Mexico,
and either the Navajo Indians were at war or
he considered them to be at war, and he started
an expedition against them and brought thetn
down to the Pecos river, at the Round Grove,
as it is called, and they have been held there
as prisoners of war ever since. He captured
the entire band of Indians.
Mr. HOWARD. What number?
Mr. HENDERSON. About seven thousand,
between seven thousand and seven thousand
five hundred; and they have been held there at
an annual expense of neary a million dollars.
The reports that have been sent from the War
Department for the last three or four years
exhibit that fact.
I will state further that the commission
which was organized last July took the matter
into consideration, and unanimously passed a
resolution requesting me to bring it before the
Senate for early consideration. The House of
Representatives has passed the original bill
almost unanimously, I understand, and the
amendment of the Senate committee carries
out exactly the purpose of the House.
Mr. HOWARD. I did not hear very dis-
tinctly the reading of the bill. What is to be
done with these Indians? Where do you pro-
pose to put them?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the Senator
from Missouri answers that question I desire to
ask him how much the war with these Indians
before they were captured and removed cost
the Government annually? Howmuck did we
expend annually before that time in war with
them?
Mr. HENDERSON. It is exceedingly diffi-
cult to tell how much we do expend in Indian
wfrs. I cannot tell. Perhaps ten or twelve
millions. I do not know.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then what do we gain
by putting them back again?
_ Mr. HENDERSON. Do you desire to hold
them eternally in this condition? I will tell
the Senator in a few words how, in my judg-
ment, Indian wars are gotten up. So far as
thig difficulty is concerned, it is an old chronic
complaint between the New Mexicans or
greasers and the Navajo Indians. My impres-
sion is, that the difference between them is
that the Navajo Indians are very far superior
to the Mexicans who are there. When we
acquired this territory of New Mexico, w e some-
how interpreted our obligations and our duties
to mean that we must protect the Mexicans
against the Indians. We got the Indians along
with the Mexicans, and 1 never could under-
stand why our military men deemed it their
duty to take the part of the Mexicans against
the Indians. The truth is, as it has been
developed by testimony, and there is no doubt
now about it, that in this long war between the
Mexicans and the Navajo Indians, and also
the Pueblo Indians, the Pueblos being very far
superior, in my judgment, to the other popu-
lation there, the Mexicans were in the habit
of capturing the Navajo men and reducing them
to slavery, and of capturing the women and
using them for their purposes. The Navajoes,
of course, waged war against the Mexicans;
and this war has been carried on, as we learn,
for from one hundred to two hundred years.
It has been constant and continuous. Some
Senators blame the Navajoes for fighting the
New Mexicans. I do not. Whenever they
were captured they were sold into slavery, and
were retained in slavery by the New Mexicans
for many years. To such an extent had this
thing been carried that I remember but a few
years ago the chairman of the Military Com-
mittee proposed to reprimand General Carlton,
who was charged with this offense himself, he
being the general who finally succeeded in cap-
turing these people and bringing them down
into New Mexico.
Mr. CONNESS. What offense?
Mr. HENDERSON. The offense of hold-
ing Indian children as slaves. Now, Mr.
President, in my judgment, the Navajoes have
been in the right two thirds of the time, and
in two thirds of the instances in which they
have engaged in war. That is my opinion, and
it can be substantiated by evidence beyond any
question or doubt. I do not blame these In-
dians for fighting; and nobody else will blame
them when the facts are laid before him.
They were captured by General Carlton, I
think, in a very corrupt policy pursued toward
the Indians, and brought down upon the Pecos
river. They were bi ought from a country
where they were prosperous, where they had
herds of cattle and flocks of sheep, peach
orchards and farms, where they were living as
well as the New Mexicans themselves; and if
they did wage war it was to recover their women
ami children from the hands of those who had
converted them into slaves. It is true, I sup-
pose, that the Navajoes retaliated upon the New
Mexicans in the same way. But, somehow or
other, we deem it our duty to protect all peo-
ple against the Indians, and to wage war
against them under any and all circumstances.
Mr. President, we had a war last summer
upon the Plains; and I wish now merely to state
a few facts in that connection. Last J uly, it is
well known, we had a war raging from Fort
Laramie up to Montana, and even including the
Territory of Montana. General Smith, the
new Governor of Montana, called out a large
number of troops, Montana militia, and put
them under arms, and purchased horses fo.r
them, as he supposed, at Government expense.
