3838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
'cannot
Now, Mr. President, the honorable Senator
from Kansas is in favor of a high tax.
Mr. POIIEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. PAVIS. Does the honorable Senator
wish a high tax in the aggregate which cannot
be collected, or a low rate of tax which can be
collected which would yield a greater amount
in the aggregate? Which would the honor-
able Senator prefer'?
Mr. POMEROY. I want the tax honestly
collected at two dollars a gallon.
Mr. DAVIS. Suppose it cannot ba.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no " c
about it.
Mr. DAVIS. Experience is the best of all
teachers, and it has proved beyond doubt to
every unprejudiced and reasonable mind that
the tax of two dollars has not been collected
nnd^ cannot be collected. But this is the prop-
osition, and it was correctly stated by the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bock-
ai.ew;] so far as the present bill is involved
the only legitimate inquiry is, What rate of tax
will produce the largest amount of revenue iu
the aggregate? If two dollais will produce the
largest amount, there being no fairer subject
for taxation than whisky, I say tax it. But
when experience has proved for three years
that the tax cannot lie collected, and that at
least three fourths of the whisky iliat is manu-
factured goes into market without the payment
ot any tax at all, and iu that wav not only
defrauds the Government, but the honest pro-
ducer of the article who does pay the tax, I
tisk the honorable Senator from Kansas it' it is
not time to abandon it? And when we recur
to a previous time when the tax ranged from
twenty cents to fifty cents pergallon, and learn
that the amount of the tax then collected was
nearly double what was collected under the two-
dollar tax for the last year, can there be a rea-
sonable doubt that the rate of two dollars is too
high, and that it is impossible to collect that
amount of tax ?
Mr. President, I do not care what the rate
of tax upon whisky is. I should be willing
now and forever, if the Government had the
power and could so legislate that a barrel of
whisky should never be made again, that that
legislation should take place. 1 am no friend
ot the production of whisky, or to its use as a
beverage. I concede fully with the honorable
Senator from Kansas that a great amount of
the misery and crime that disgrace the world
and deform humanity results from the exeess-
ive use of whisky. But next to the use of
whisky, the most fruitful source of the crime
of the present day is the legislation of Congress
to enforce the tax of two dollars a gallon upon
wkisky. Why, sir, your laws are studded
throughout with fines, forfeitures, penalties,
perjuries, punishments by fine and imprison-
ment. All the paraphernalia of the most
atrocious system of penal laws that was ever
devised by the wit and the ingenuity of man
teem in your present revenue laws in relation
to whisky, and they have failed wholly and sig-
nally of the purposes for which they were
made. I say that your whole legislation has
been to organize and create a hot-bed of crime,
fraud, immorality, perjury, the effect of which
has been to corrupt this nation and the Amer-
ican people to a greater extent than they have
ever been corrupted by any other cause save
and except the intemperate use of the article
upon which you impose this enormous rate of
tax. \\ ill you continue this system? It is a
fou] blot, a disgrace upon the nation and upon
legislation.
Sir, there are laws that can be executed, and
there are laws that cannot be executed. There
is a higher law than your legislation in this
country, and that higher law is the great public
sentiment. As two or three honorable Sena-
tors have said, you cannot stamp upon an act
that is merely malum prohibitum the infamy
and the odium of an act malum in se. It is not
of the heinous, immoral nature, that mora!
turpitude which is necessary to turn the senti-
ments of a community and a people against a
crime that the law has denounced as one.
Sir, when you impose a tax of two dollars
upon whisky, the men who pay it—the men
who pay it at last—are the consumers, but both
the distiller and the consumer begin to inquire.
"Why is this "lormous rate of tax imposed
upon me?" They turn to your legislation, and
they see that you maintain a Freedmen's Bureau
to support and educate hundreds of thousands
of lazy, vagabond negroes; and see that that
is one of the enormous drafts upon the Treas-
ury of the United States, and upon the taxes
which they pay upon whisky. They turn then
to your standing Army that is not kept up for
the defense of the country, for the support of
the Government in its just authority, for the
protection of the frontiers and of the coast upon
the ocean, but that is kept up to the number
of twenty or thirty thousand men in the south-
ern States. Here you have a standing Army
of some fifty-eight or sixty thousand men that
if the companies were filled up you could raise
to one hundred and six thousand; and they
inquire, why is this enormous standing Army
maintained? For the purpose of keeping the
southern people in a state of subjection to your
legislation and to your friends, the negroes, the
freedmen of those States. You deprive them
of the power of self-government; you withhold
lioiu them every constitutional right and lib-
erty for which their fathers' fought, and which
is guarantied to them by the Constitution. This
second great drain annually costs thirty or forty
millions more than is necessary for the Army
of the UnitedStates. Sir, when the intelligent
people of the United States, who are ground
to the dust lor the payment of the enormous
taxes that are impoverishing them and their
families, begin to inquire where are the expend-
itures of this enormous tax of two dollars a
gallon upon whisky—the original cost of which
is only about thirty cents—do you expect to
convince them, the juries of the country, and
the public sentiment of the country, that it is
a heinous and a base crime to evade the pay-
ment of these enormous taxes when they are
collected for these purposes?
Mr. President, there are some great princi-
ples of human nature that can never be con-
quered by any legislation. 1 will state one or
two. One is that temptation and fraud make
crime ; temptation and opportunity make crim-
inals. if there arc any men who are not
criminals, arid who will not commit csime,
they are the ones who are not brought into con-
tact with temptation.
Sir, it is utterly impossible to impose that
rate of tax upon whisky and to dream of col-
lecting it. The man who persuades himself
that it can be collected is a dreamer. He does
not understand the imperfect nature to which
lie belongs; he shuts his eyes against expe-
rience ; and he refuses to listen to the silent
teachings of that inward man that instructs us
all. You cannot collect such a tax. You
have attempted it by experiments that ought
to have satisfied you not only of its impracti-
cability but of its impossibility, and it is time
that you should change your system of legis-
lation.
Another principle of human nature is that
there must be a proportion between crime and
punishment, 'flu: guilt, the atrocity, the turpi-
tude of the act must wear something like an
equitable proportion to the severity of the
punishment. You may inflict punishment as
severe as you please in every line in your bill
for the violation of the laws in relation to the
payment of the tax upon whisky, and you will
never instruct or teach the mind or moral sense
of the people of the United States that they are
atrocious and heinous crimes. They are not
so. They are laws against justice ; they are
laws against equal rights ; they are laws that
forget entirely the proportion between crime
and punishment; they are laws that shook
human nature and the sense of justice that is
innate in man ; and whenever you introduce a
code of that character in relation to any sub-
ject the people will subordinate your code to a
higher code, namely, their own sense of propri-
ety, of right and wrong, of what belongs to our
common humanity. There is no wise, practi-
cal legislation but what seeks a just apportion-
ment between crime and punishment; and
there is no wise and statesmanlike legislation
that shuts the mind and the eyes to the lessons
of experience as you, gentlemen, are attempt-
ing to do in relation to tbss subject. Yon must,
be taught by the great principles of human
nature, common to us all, and you must be
taught by the lessons of experience; and when
these two sources of teaching instruct you that
you are upon a wrong system it is wisdom and
patriotism and common sense to change your
course of legislation and to adopt a better and
a more correct and philosophical line.
Mr. MeCREEEY. It is almost ten o'clock
and the thermometer is standing at ninety-eight
degrees. I move that the Senate do now ad-
journ.
Several Sexatohs. jSTo, no ; let us finish the
bill to-night.
'The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall not detain the Sen-
ate loug.
Mr. McCREERY. I call for a division on
my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is rather
late.
Several Senators. It is too late.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on tho amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Kansas.
Mr. CONNESS. I thought I had the floor.
The PRESIDENT protempore. You did not
seem as ifyou wished to occupy it. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, with great
respect to the Chair, I have noticed that there
was a kind of indisposition to let me occupy
the floor this evening; but I rather think the
Chair was right in the main, and that it ought
not to have been occupied by myself or anybody
else as long as it has been.
I desire simply to say a very few words before
the vote is taken. I regretted, while listening
to the honorable Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds,] to see an apparent attempt to re-
solve this debate into a political turn or aspect.
One listening to the Senator while he was
speaking would have supposed it was the mis-
sion just now of the Republican party to keep
the tax on whisky at two dollars a gallon, and
that the Democratic party were responsible
and immoral in endeavoring to reduce tho
tax to fatten tho whisky ring and keep money
out of tho Treasury. I did not understand,
and cannot be made to understand, I think, the
drift or pertinence of my honorable friend, who
generally speaks with so much ability. 1 have
a different view of this case. I believe that it
is our legislation, dictated, I might say, by the
committees of Congress, the Committee on
Finance of this body, and of Ways and Means
of the other House, that has organized the
whisky ring in the Republic, by putting the tax
at two dollars a gallon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg to correct my friend
there, by saying that tho Senate did it against
the vote of the Committee on Finance and
against their report.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Andthellonse
committee reported in favor of a much less
sum ; only sixty cents, I think.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on
linance reported in favor of a tax of one dol-
lar, and I stood faithfully by it, and the com-
mittee stood by it; but we wore overruled by
a deliberate vote of the Senate.
Air. CONNESS. I am very glad to be cor-
rected in that. My mind ought to have been
right upon it, for I must have been here. But
I am willing to repeat that we, the Congress
of the United States, are responsible for organ-
izing this so-called whisky ring by keeping the
tax at two dollars a gallon, JExperience has
taught, and reason might have taught before
experience, that two dollars a gallon cannot
be collected in this country from whisky.
Mr. FERRY. Nor anywhere else.
Mr. CONNESS. My friend from Connecti-
cut says, "nor anywhere else." A-n equiva-
lent tax is collected in Great Britain.
