1790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
He had purchased all the outfit necessary to
equip those men, as he supposed, at Govern-
ment expense, and proposed to wage a war
during the fall and winter against the Montana
Indians. We know perfectly well that the
Indians upon the Plains, the Cheyennes and
Arapahoes, wcrcbarningdown railroad stations,
were attacking railroad trains, throwing them
off the track, as they did upon the Omaha road.
We know, further, that they had committed
many depredations. Why?" Simply, as we as-
certained, because of one act of General Han-
cock, which has already been referred to on
this floor. That is stated in the report of the
commission, of which 1 had the honor to be a
member. It is not civilians alone who state
this; but General Sherman, General Augur,
General Terry, and General Harney, all of them
officers of the regular Army, who are well
known. They state the fact that this was an
unnecessary war upon the part of General Han-
cock; that it had been originated by him, as I
intimated here last spring. I do not say that
General Hancock did it in order to get up a
war with the Indians; but, as we clearly show,
he was deceived by individuals upon the Plains.
Senators can read that report signed by the en-
tire commission that you sent out to examine
into these matters.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator is leaving
the subject before the body.
Mr. HENDERSON". I am not leaving this
subject. This is appropriate to the subject
before the Senate. I am demonstrating that
the policy of peace is the policy which ought
to be pursued on the part of the Congress of the
United States. We went out upon the Plains
and called those savage Indians into a meeting.
We got them together; we counseled with them
for two or three weeks, and we gave them arms
in the face of the fact that they had been hos-
tile for a year. We gave them arms and gave
them ammunition. We turned back and came
home; and who has heard of an Indian depre-
dation from that day to this? Have you heard
of one? I defy any man to put his finger upon
it. We went out to the North Platte, in Ne-
braska, and there we met with the Cheyennes,
and we gave them arms and ammunition, al-
though but a short time before they had thrown
a train off the track; and I ask the Senator
from Nebraska to-day if an Indian depredation
has been committed in that State since? Not
one. I have not heard of one. We then met
at Fort Laramie some of the Indians who were
waging war along the Powder river. It has
been a little more than twelve months since
the Fetterman affair.
Mr. STEWART. Let me inquire of the
Senator if he ever knew Indians on the Plains
to conduct a war in the winter?
Mr. HENDERSON. Somehow or other
there is a war being carried on in Idaho now.
Somebody has got it up ; I do not know who
it is, but my impression is that it is Gen-
eral Crook. I think the Indians would be
peaceable but for the conduct of General Crook.
I can tell the Senator another thing: that the
Indians in Arizona would be peaceable but for
the fact that General Gregg inaugurated a war
by issuing an order that every Indian in the
Territory was a public enemy and must be shot
down.
Mr. CONNESS. That is a mistake.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is true.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me, I desire to suggest that this is evidently a
bill of a great deal of importance.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is not a matter of
importance. I am answering the Senator. I
am saying that we have attempted to inaugu-
rate a policy of peace, and we want to locate
these Indians somewhere where they can culti-
vate the soil and support themselves. I say
that a war policy has given you seventy-five
hundred prisoners which you are supporting
from year to year, and you seem not to be
aware of it. 1 now desire that they shall be
removed to some point where they will be no
further expense to the Government, and where
they can sustain themselves by agriculture and
by making blankets, as they can do. They did
it once, and why not do it again?
Mr. President, as I said before, we are feed-
ing a large number of the Powder river In-
dians and the Sioux or Dakota Indians; and
why shall we neglect to pass this bill when we
are daily issuing rations to them? They have
come to Fort Lasramie at our request and have
ceased the war; they have committed no depre-
dations within the last three or four months,
since we notified them. Why not now meet
them and make the necessary appropriation,
whatever it may be, to conclude a peace which
will close that war upon Powder river and
open the road to Montana?
Mr. TIPTON. Will the Senator give way
to a motion to adjourn? Others wish to be
heard on this bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. Of course, if the Sen-
ator is hungry, or anything of that sort, I must
give way.
Mr. TIPTON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that this bill will
be laid aside, so that the funding bill shall bo
left as the unfinished business.
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir; I desire that
this bill shall bo passed.
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Mis-
souri cannot expect this bill to pass in a brief
time, because it involves a great deal. I wish
to be heard upon it for one.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ne-
braska, that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 10, 18G8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. 0. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
message from this senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
passed a joint resolution (II. R. No. 220)
appointing managers for the National Asylum
of Disabled Soldiers, and for other purposes.
admission os alabama.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I report
from the Committee on Reconstruction a bill
(H. R. No. 904) for the admission of the State
of Alabama.
Mr. BOYER. Is it intended to press this
bill for action to-day? If so, I wish to object
to its being reported, because I understand
the committee cannot report except by unani-
mous consent.
The SPEAKER. The committee have
authority, as the Chair is informed, to report at
any time. A resolution was passed author-
izing them to employ a clerk and report at
any time. The Chair is informed, however,
that the bill is not to be passed to-day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will allow mo, 1 will move
that the bill be printed and made the special
order for to-morrow.
The bill was read a first and second time.
It recites that the people of Alabama, in pur-
suance of the provisions of an act of Congress
entitled "An aet for the more efficient govern-
ment of the rebel States," passed March 2,
1867, and the acts supplementary thereto, have
framed a constitution of State government
which is republican in form, and that at an elec-
tion commencing on the 4th day of February,
1868, a large majority of the legal voters of
said State voting at said election voted for the
adoption of said constitution. It therefore
provides that the said State of Alabama shall
be recognized and admitted as one of the States
of the United States, and shall be entitled to
representation in Congress as soon as the Legis-
lature of said State, the members of which
were elected at the election mentioned in the
preamble of this act, shall have duly ratified
the article of amendment to the Constitution
of the United State, proposed by tho Thirty-
Ninth Congress, and known as article fourteen.
Section two provides that the said State of
Alabama shall b& recognized and admitted
into the Union upon the followingfundamental
conditions: that the right of suffrage of citi-
zens of the United States shall never be de-
nied or abridged in said State on account of
race, color, or previous condition of slavery;
and Congress shall have power to annul any
act of said State in violation or in derogation
of the provisions of this act.
The bill was ordered to be printed, with the
accompanying report, postponed till to-morrow
morning after the morning hour, and made
the special order from day to day until dis-
posed of. . '■
postal facilities with liberia.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial from the Colonization Soci-
ety, asking for postal facilities between this
country and Liberia; which was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
ownership of real estate in the district.
Mr. WOOD. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That tho Committee for the District of
Columbia be inbtructed to ascertain and report to
this House the names and positions held by any offi-
cers of tho Government who have had transferred to
them real estate within this District since 1861, to-
gether with the location, amount of consideration
paid for. and present value of property now held by
them, if any, according to the deed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, objected,
but afterwards withdrew his objection, and the
resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WOOD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
issue of clothing to soldiers.
The House resumed the consideration of the
business pending at the adjourn ment, yesterday,
being Senate joint resolution No. Ill, provid-
ing for the issue of clothing to soldiers and
others to replace clothing destroyed to pre-
vent contagion, on which Mr. Garfield was
entitled to the floor.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secre-
tary of War at any time, on the recommenda-
tion of the Surgeon General of the Army, to
order gratuitous issues of clothing to soldiers
who have had contagious diseases, and to hos-
pital attendants who have nursed and attended
such soldiers, to replace articles of their cloth-
ing which have been destroyed by order of the
proper medical officer to prevent contagion.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will say that the sub-
stance of this joint resolution has been before
the Committee on Military Affairs, and has
been unanimously concurredin by them. There
is nothing in it except what appears on its face.
During the contagion of yellow fever in tho
southern districts it was found necessary to
destroy a large amount of clothes both of
soldiers and hospital nurses, of which they
are allowed only a fixed amount by law. It
is considered only just that the Government
should issue to them an amount equal to what
they have thus had destroyed or what may be
destroyed during the prevalence of the conta-
gion by order of the medical officers. The joint
resolution is carefully guarded, and I do not
see that it can occasion any loss. I ask the
previous question.
The previous question was- seconded and
the main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which1 the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
