2814
THE O0KGEISSIOWAL GLOBE.
June 3,
fespect to the disposal of the.publie lands should be
promptly extended over that Territory and aland
office established. No practical difficulty is appre-
hended m regard to the administration oTthe pre-
emption, homestead, town-site, and other land laws.
Ihe principles applicable everywhere in the admin-
istration ot the land system will of course apply to
Utah, and the extension of that system to the Terri-
tory will, in the opinion of the undersigned, result
in local and national benefit.
I have the honor to bct very respectfully, your
obedient servant, JOSEPH g. WILSON,
Commissioner.
Hon. George'W. Julian, Chairman Committee on
Public Lands, House of Representatives.
I now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and tlie
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
y! CHEROKEE AND OSAOE LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution (H. R. No. 286)
relative to the lands of the Cherokee and Great
and Little Osage Indians ; which was read a
first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that the Pres-
ident of the United States shall be directed
to withhold the issuing of patents to the pur-
chasers of land heretofore sold, or which may-
hereafter be sold, under and by virtue of the
treaty between the United States and the
Cherokee Indians concluded on the 19th of
July, 1866, and the treaty between the United
States and the Great and Little Osage Indians,
concluded on the 29th of September,' 1865, or
under any Indian treaty which may hereafter
be concluded until otherwise provided by law.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman for
a few minutes.
Mr. JULIAN. I will yield to the gentle-
man presently.
Mr. Speaker, the Indian tribes of the United
States have no power over their lands except
the power of cession to the United States.
This House so voted on yesterday. They have
the right of occupancy merely, the title being
in the United States; and up to the year 1860
the practice of the Government was in con-
formity to the principle which I state. Since
that time our Indian treaties have so revolu-
tionized the practice of the Government as to
threaten the entire land policy of the Govern-
ment. For example: in the year 1866 a treaty
was made with the Cherokee Indians by which
eight hundred thousand acres were authorized
to be transferred in a body to a single purchaser
at the rate of one dollar per acre, completely
withdrawing that portion of what else would
have been a part of the public domain from
the control of Congress, which has the rightful
constitutional power to make needful rules and
regulations respecting the territory and other
property of the United States. Another treaty,
concluded in the year 1865 with the Great and
Little Osage Indians, authorizes thedisposition,
in apeeuliar way, of over three million acres.
Similar treaties have been made with the Sacs
and Foxes, the Delaware, the Kickapoo, and
other Indian tribes since the date I have men-
tioned ; and we have the news this morning of
the conclusion of another treaty with the Great
and Little Osage Indians, by which the rem-
nant of their lands, being eight million acres,
are transferred to the Leavenworth, Lawrence
and Galveston Railroad Company; the treaty
itself, as I am reliably informed, having been
fixed up here in Washington last summer by
the attorney of Mr. Sturgis, the president of
said railroad company, with a view to private
and in utter disregard of the public interest.
Tliis treaty, should it be ratified by the Senate,
will be a complete defiance of the control and
jarisdictiou of Congress, and commit to the
tender mercies of a railroad company this large
body of lands.
Mr. Speaker, it is for Congress, and not the
treaty-making power, to say whether we will
grant lands to aid in building railroads, and
how the public domain shall be managed. By
the treaty to which I refer two new reservations,
still further West, are set apart for our Indian
tribes, containing over seventy-three million
acres ; and if we are to judge the future by
the past, in a few years the whole of these lands
will be swallowed up by railroad corporations
and the Indians driven on to other lands. If
this business is to go on in the wretched man-
ner we have been pursuing we might as well
abolish the General Land Office or remove it
to the Indian Bureau at once and dispense with
our land committees. Sir, it is not legally
competent—and when I say this I have the con-
currence of every lawyer in this House with
whom I have conferred—it is not competent by
treaty with any Indian tribes to take the dispo-
sition of the public domain out of the control
of Congress. An Indian treaty cannot repeal
the laws of Congress, but must itself' conform
to those laws.
And as a note of warning to the Senate and
to these railroad corporations, whose "Indian
ring" threatens to rival the " whisky ring," I
have reported from the Committee on the Public
Lands the resolution that has been read by the
Clerk. Should it become a law, we shall be
compelled to return to the old policy by which
the Indians will cede their lands directly to
the United States, which they are competent to
do for a consideration they may agree to accept.
Their lands thus ceded will thus fall under the
operation of our preemption and homestead
laws, and be disposed of as other public lands
of the Government. This, Mr. Speaker, is the
reason why the committee have reported this
resolution, on the passage of which I now
demand the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wantto offeran amend-
ment striking out all that relates to the treaty
between the Cherokee Indians and the United
States; and I desire to state the reason why I
offer it.
Mr. JULIAN. How much time?
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope not more than
five minutes. *
Mr. JULIAN. I will give the gentleman
five minutes.
Mr. MAYNARD. The amendment I offer
is to strike out of the resolution that which
relates to the treaty between the Cherokees
and the United States.
Mr. JULIAN. I cannot allow the amend-
ment to be offered. I yield, however, five
minutes to allow the gentleman to state his
views.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to correct what
seems to be an erroneous impression of the
House in regard to these lands. By the treaty
of 1835, which I have before me, these lands
were ceded to the Cherokees by patent iu fee-
simple. The article of the treaty is in these
words:
" AYhcreas it is apprehended by the Cherokees that
in the above cession there is not contained a suffi-
cient quantity of Land for the accommodation of the
whole nation on their removal west of the Missis-
sippi. the United States, in consideration of the sum
of $500,000, therefore hereby covenant a.nd agree to
convey to the said Indians and their descendants by
patent, in tee-simple, the following tract of laud."
That was ratified by an act of Congress which
is here before me. Now, this is the very tract
of land embraced in this resolution.
Mr. JULIAN. I understand that perfectly
well. If the gentleman had listened to the
debate here the other day he would have seen
that this resolution does not affect the gentle-
man's position in any way.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think, Mr. Speaker,
if the gentleman understood this fact and the
other supplemental facts he would not feel
justified in offering such a resolution as this to
the House and ask its passage. If these lands
do not belong to the United States, and if the
United States can sell and convey anything for
a pecuniary consideration to an Indian, if an
Indian has "any rights which a white man is
bound to^respect," we are bound to respect the
title to that tract-of land. The treaty of 1866
that is spoken of here is one by which the
Indians sell back to the United States this tract.
They give back the title in trust to be sold to
the United States, and they stipulate for a.pay-
ment for the land, and our action is going to
deprive the Indians of the benefit of that treaty.
In other words, it is going to take away their
lands and give them nothing for it. I would
like to have read a portion of a communication,
not from speculators, but from the principal
chief of that tribe and a number of delegates
from the tribe who are here. I thitilTthey
state their own case with a degree of intelli-
gence that ought to commend it to the attention
of the House.
Mr. JULIAN. I have only yielded five
minutes. ,
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Indiana if there is any
request from the Cherokee nation, either from
its Legislature or from a solitary individual,
for the passage of anything of this kind ? Has
there been presented to the committee any-
thing from the Indian nation on this subject
in any form ?
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I have not
conversed with any representative of the Cher-
okee nation on this subject. It was neither
material nor necessary that I should. The
gentleman from Tennessee and the gentleman
l'rom Missouri both seem to misunderstand iny
position. I agree that by patent this land was
conveyed to the Cherokee Indians. I recog-
nize thesacredness of their right thereto. No-
body here controverts it. What I say is that
when they see fit to cedo their land to the
United States they must do so for a considera-
tion agreed upon, and cannot make any condi-
tions of cession that shall deprive Congress of
the right thenceforward to dispose of ar.d man-
age the land thus ceded. The Cherokees have
no right to deed their lands to England or
France, but only to us, and without any con-
ditions as to what we shall do with them. That
is my position. The Indians are mere occu-
pants of the soil, without title, and we are
their guardians, and a treaty between thesa
minor children of the nation and the treaty-
makingpowerin contravention of the authority
of Congress over the public domain, and sub-
versive of our laws, is a spurious treaty, a
political abortion, a thing unknown to the
Constitution, and unworthy of our respect.
That is what I assert; and the effect of passing
this joint resolution will be to make such
treaties void, to restore to our Indian tribes
their valid title to their lands until such time
as valid treaties can be made.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. Will the
gentleman yield long enough to have the letter
read? It is a communication addressed to the
Speaker of the House by the principal chiefs
and delegates of the Cherokee nation now in
Washington; not minor children, but many
of theui the intellectual peers of any gentle-
man upon this floor.
Mr. JULIAN. I suppose the amount of it
is that the Cherokee Indians are said to desire
the ratification of this treaty.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. It explains
the whole matter of the title to these lands.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask the gentleman if there
is or can be anything in that letter to affect my
position that these Indians have no power to
dictate our land policy by treaty?
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. It will
enlighten the House on the merits of this
question.
Mr. J ULIAN. Under the unfortunate lim-
itation of the morning hour the Committee on
the Public Lands will never get through their
pressing and important business if documents
of that kind are to be read.
Mr. \AN HORN, of Missouri. Then I
ask the House not to second the previous ques-
tion on this resolution. Here is a communi-
cation addressed by the authorities of the
Cherokee nation to the House, explaining this
whole matter from beginning to end. and I
undertake to say that if any member will read
it. it will satisfy t.hem upon this question. Now,
I deny that the Cherokee Indians or any per-
