3840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
on Finance. I have now the record before me,
and it, proves that the Committee on Finance
were always opposed to this high rate of taxation,
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator knows that I
accepted his explanation.
Mr. SHERMAN. But still I wish to refer
to the record to show the facts. I have before
me the report of the Committee on Finance,
made on the 25th of May, 1864, in which it
appears that the committee proposed a grad-
uated tax of one dollar, one dollar and a quar-
ter, and finally one dollar and a half at a later
period. I immediately, as it seems from the
language uttered, stated that I believed that
tax was too high; that one dollar was enough;
that any attempt to enforce so high a rate of
taxation would lead to frauds and defeat the
revenue. Then the principal controversy that
occurred was as to whether we should continue
in the bill then pending the House tax upon
spirits on hand. The great controversy was
in regard to that point.. My own position was,
according to the opinion here expressed, to
retain a tax of fifty cents a gallon upon spirits
on hand, and impose one dollar upon the
spirits to be manufactured in future, and I
have no doubt if my advice had been followed
we should have been receiving twice as much
revenue as wo have got. It was the actiou of
the Senate, in refusing to approve and sanc-
tion the deliberate report of the Finance Com-
mittee, that got us into this liobblo about
two-dollar tax. My impression is that that
rate was fixed by the report of a committee of
conference, but 1 am not entirely certain as to
that. The tax has been held at that for four
years, with a constantly diminishing reveuue,
and I am satisfied now that if the Senate refuse
to sanction the action of the Committee on
Finance in reducing this tax to fifty cents the
whole thing will be a bounty to the worst men
in this country, and the tax will operate on
the consumer at Lhe late of two dollars a gal-
lon ; but the whisky thieves will get three
fourths of it, and this Government will not get
fifty cents a gallon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I do
not feel it to be my duty to occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate at. any length upon this
question. The State that 1 represent at one
time was largely interested in the production
of whisky. The last census showed the pro-
duction of that State for the year I860 to be
about nine million gallons. I suppose it is now
less than pne million gallons. The policy that
has been insisted upon by Congress has sub-
stantially destroyed the interest and driven the
ptoduction almost out of existence in the State
of Indiana. I resisted the tax at that time of
two dollars with such ability as I could com-
mand ; but 1 saw it imposed, and I have not
been at all disappointed in the results.
Senators who wish to charge all this upon
the public officers, and to excuse some officers
and to criminate otlieis, will hardly relieve
themselves from the responsibility of a very
grave mistake in legislation. It was an unjust
tax, because it was not proportioned to the
value of the article taxed. A tax of six hun-
dred or eight hundred percent, is not just upon
any production from the labor of the country,
and of course the attempt to collect it has been
a failure. This bill proposes to reduce it from
two dollars to fifty cents. I do not know what
fortunes are to be made out of this. I am
going to vote for it. I had not expected to
see the tax reduced below one dollar. 1 have
believed that one dollar could be collected, and
that we ought to realize $30,000,000, perhaps
ยง50,000,000, at a dollar a gallon. But as the
committee of this body and also of the House
of Representatives have agreed oil fifty cents,
and as it is a proposition favorable to an inter-
est in the section in which I live, I shall vote
for the proposition, but am not prepared to say
that it is the wisest. When we increased the
tax from sixty cents to two dollars lhe millions
of money that were made it is difficult to esti-
mate. Whether there will be a corresponding
profit er corresponding loss now sustained by
reason of this legislation I am not prepared to
say ; but when this becomes the law I hope it
will be understood that it is u.ot temporary, but
that it is permanent. If there be any one tiling
demanded now by the interests of this country
above ail others, it is that there shall be some
stability in the financial system and the rev-
enue system of the Government.
The Senator from Kentucky suggests that
nearly all the whiskyis now in bond, having
paid no tax, and therefore there cannotbe large
losses sustained. How much liquor is novv
held in the course of trade all over the country
that has paid the tax I am not able to say, but
there is a very considerable quantity, unques-
tionably. All the druggists of the country, the
retail dealers and the wholesale dealers, have
their establishments supplied in as limited
quantities, of course, as will carry on their
business ; but that there is a large amount held
by traders that has paid the tax I have no
doubt, and that there will be very large losses
sustained I have no doubt; but that has got
to be endured, because this two-dollar tax can-
not be endured. That is a failure; it is a fail-
ure, in my judgment, for the reasons assigned
so well and so forcibly by the Senator from
Kentucky.
I am going to-vote to reduce the tax ; but so
far as the rest of the hill is concerned, this
complicated machinery that requires a genius
to comprehend it, I do not hold myself at all
responsible for. I believe that one of the dif-
ficulties in collecting the revenue has been
in the complicated machinery connected with
it. I do not believe that it requires a book to
write down the law for the collection of taxes.
Plain, simple, direct provisions, punishing as
men ought to be punished for the violation of
law can be provided without this complicated
machinery.
So, while I vote for the bill, I do not com-
mit myself at all to this machinery, for I do
not pretend to understand it, and I suppose it
will take a revenue officer some considerable
time to become familiar with it. What will be
its practical effect I cannot tell. I do not
believe any Senator who has not been upon
the committee and investigated it can tell.
Perhaps it will work very great injustice and
hardship in many cases. Perhaps it will prove
inefficient in others. I do not undertake to
say. I vote for the bill simply because it
reduces the tax on whisky and brings it down
to something like a reasonable and fair rate,
not just what I would have proposed, but what,
as the case now stands, presents the question
as between two dollars, and fifty cents. I vote
for the bill exclusively upon that ground.
Now, Mr. President, I have no desire to dis-
cuss this bill with any political purpose in view.
If we can collect some revenue it will be well.
I am not surprised that the Senator from Ver-
mont upon this, as he does upon almost every
occasion, seeks to excuse Congress from the
responsibility of any failure in the execution
of the laws because of the tenure-of-office bill.
That is a child of his begetting, and of course
he must take carc of it. If anybody reaches
out a hand toward it he must guard off, of
course ; and that is a very considerable labor,
let me say to the Senator, that is upon his
hands, which he will have to discharge and
meet as long as he is in the Senate and that
law remains upon the statute-book. A vice in
legislation is not to be met and apologized for
by charging crime upon officers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question, whether, by the
laws of the State of Indiana, the Executive
has the power of removal from office, or
whether men are elected for a definite term?
Mr. HENDRICKS. In the State of Indiana
the people elect and the people reelect. The
Governor has not very much patronage under
his control.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you fail to administer
your laws because there is no executive power
of removal?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Governor of the
State of Indiana, so far as he is held respons-
ible for the execution of the laws, has the
power placed in his hands, and where the
power is not placed in his hands he is not held
responsible. But when by your bill you say
that the President of the United States cannot,
remove a man from office unless you give hira
permission to do so, you take upon yourself
the responsibility of the execution of the laws.
That is, in very plain words, the proposition
that came from the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend does not, an-
swer my question, and that is, whether the
laws of Indiana fail of fair and honest execu-
tion because there is not an executive power of
removal ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is very little
difficulty in executing the laws of the State of
Indiana.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There seems to be a great
deal in answering the question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We have our revenue
system plain, simple, and enforced in the pres-
ence of all the people by officers of the coun-
ties. I cannot say that there is a failure there
at all. The people elect men to discharge the
duties of their offices in their immediate pres-
ence. So that there is no analogy between the
ease suggested by the Senator from Vermont
and the ease of the execution of laws of the
United States. The Senator says there has
been a failure, and he undertakes to charge
the responsibility upon the President of the
United States. I say that when he charges
the fault upon the President of the United
States he charges it upon Congress, and partic-
ularly himself as the author of the bill which
took from the Executive the responsibility of
the execution of the laws.
Now, Mr, President, it is too plain to the
Senator from Vermont to need illustration that
the present system is most demoralizing. I do
not know now whether the whisky tax of two
dollars is more demoralizing than the tenure-
of-office bill. From my obsei vation for the last
year it is very difficult to tell. A man of rea-
sonable honesty and cleverness comes to the
city of Washington to obtain an office. He
reports himself to the Executive. His d'lty
there is to satisfy the Executive, first that 110
is qualified, and next that in political sentiment
he is in harmony with the President. He suc-
ceeds in that, and then he comes down to the
Senate for confirmation. You have laid it
down as a rule that a man shall not be con-
firmed merely because lie is qualified to dis-
charge the duties of an office and may be honest.
That is not enough. You say he must have
another qualification: he must be in political
harmony with yourselves. So when that man
comes here for confirmation he commences the
work of satisfying the Senate that he is in har-
mony with the majority here; and by the time
he passes the ordeal of the White House and
of the Senate he is ready for almost anything.
[Laughter.] And it is difficult for me to see
whether the two-dollar tax upon whisky has
produced a greater demoralization in the coun-
try, or the tenure of-office bill.
You send men from this capital every day
into all sections of the country utterly and
hopelessly demoralized. You, Senators, have
seen this. It has not been seen by myself
alone. You know much more of it than I do.
They do not come to consult me much whether
they shall be confirmed; for whether they shall
be confirmed depends very little upon my wish
upon the subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But the appoint-
ment does.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And they do not con-
sult me much about the appointments, 1 will
say to the Senator from Maine. I have but
very little to do with them, I will say to him.
Now, Mr. President, I am in favor of the
earliest possible repeal of the tenure-of-office
bill; ana without reference to the next incum-
bent of the Presidency, without any reference
to his politics at all, next winter 1 hope to see
that law lepeaied. I liope to see it for the
purity and efficiency of the public service.
Then I hope to see this bill passed and have
the tax so reduced as that there ghall not be
