2816
THE COKG-RBSSIOKAL GLOBE.
June#,
domain. A treaty cannot repeal a fcwr of Con-
gress.
Mr. MAYNARD. Thegentleman certainly
does not call these lands s^paH of the public
domain, any more than a lot here in the city
of Washington which the United States may
become possessed of in payment of a debt.
Mr. JULIAN. t It ia very remarkable, if
these Indians, having the title to these lands by
patent-, conveyed them to us, and yet they do
BOt belong to us. As I have repeatedly stated,
they had «o power other than to cede these
l&nds to the Unitfed States. The gentleman
himself, in defending this treaty, necessarily
asserts title in the United States; and what I
ask is, that henceforward our Indian tribes
shall content themselves with the simple power
of cession.
Their power by treaty is exhausted by the
•cession, and it is not competent for them to
annex any conditions subversive of the land
policy of the United States.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri, moved that
the bill be laid on the table.
The" question was taken; and the motion was
declared not agreed to.
Mr. YAN HORN, of Missouri, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The bill was passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to. ,
YOSEMITE VALLEY, CALIFORNIA. '
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported, back, without amend-
ment, a bill (H. R. No. 118) to confirm to J. M.
Hutchings and J. C. Lamon their preemption
claims in the Yosemite valley, in the State of
California.
The bill, which was read, recites in the pre-
amble that the Government of the United
States did by act of Congress approved June
30, 1864, cede to the State of California the
"cleft'1 or "gorge" known as the "Yosemite
valley," in Mariposa county, California; that
long prior to the cession J. M. Hutchings and
J. C. Lamon had in good faith settled in that
valley, with the intention of claiming one hun-
dred and sixty acres each of the pu blie domain
under the preemption laws of th e United States,
as soon as the lands should be subject to entry,
they being the only settlers therein; that
Hutchings and Lamon have resided on and
been in possession of the lands thus claimed
by them, and have made permanent and sub-
stantial improvements thereon to the great
convenience and comfort of visitors to the
valley, without which it would be a remote
and solitary wilderness; that Hutchings and
Lamon would unquestionably have been
entitled to their preemption claims in the val-
ley had the land remained public domain, and
the State having succeeded to the rights of the
Federal Government by gift in that valley can-
not afford to be less generous; that it would
be improper for the State to erect and keep
hotels or other stopping places in that valley,
and a ten years' lease, as contemplated in the
act of cession, is wholly inadequate to induce
private capital to do so; and that in view of
the premises, and as an act of simple justice
to Hutchings and Lamon, the Legislature of
the State of California did, by an act which
became a law February 20, 1808, grant to the
parties aforesaid the same land they would
have been entitled to under the general pre-
emption laws, to wit, one hundred and sixty
acres each; which act was to take-effect aad
be in force from and after its ratification by the
Congress of the United States.
The bill, therefore, proposes to provide that
the act of the Legislature of California, which
became a law on the 20th day of February,
1868, be fully ratified and confirmed.
jkr._ JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, if the House
will give me a few moment's attention, I can
state the reasons which have induced the com-
mittee to report in favor of the passage of this
bill; and when these have been explained, I
think there will be no objections to the bill
from any quarter.
In the year 1864 Congress granted to the
State of California the valley mentioned in the
bill, it being a "cleft" or "gorge" in the
Sierra Nevada mountains in Mariposa county,
California. The valley is ten miles long and
three miles wide, and is walled in by precipi-
tous mountains of granite rock from two to four
thousand feet in height, and over these walls,
which are generally perpendicular, the waters
of the Merced river fall into the valley below,
forming the most beautiful and magnificent
cascades in the known world. The singular
and marvelous beauty of the place induced
Congress, at the instance of the California del-
egation, to grant it to the State by an act mak-
ing it " inalienable forever" by the State, and
excepting it from the policy of preemption or
sale.
It turned out, however, after the passage of
that law by Congress, that the two gentlemen
named in the bill, J. M. Hutchings and J. C.
Lamon, had years before settled in the valley
under the preemption laws of the United States,
had built their cabins, planted their orchards
and Vineyards, and expended several thou-
sand dollars in establishing for themselves
a /omfortable home, while encountering for
ars all the privations and hardships incident
'o a life remote from society and civilization.
These facts, when they became known, did
not prevent the commissioners appointed by
the Governor of California, in pursuance of the
law of Congress, from proceeding to bring an
ejectment against these preemptors. They
appealed for relief to the Legislature of Cali-
fornia at its late session, and that Legislature
in last February passed an act providing that
the preemption claims of these two gentlemen,
to the extent of one hundred and sixty acres
each, should be protected under the grant
made by Congress, subject to the ratification
of Congress.
The bill was passed by an overwhelming
majority, the Governor (Haight) vetoed it,
upon which the Legislature, by a very decisive
majority, passed it over the veto of the Gov-
ernor, though popular as an executive, thus
emphasizing the desire of California that these
preemptors should be protected. But even if
the Legislature had not passed this bill Con-
gress should grant the relief asked, and had no
right to divest the vested rights of these settlers;
and I am sure that Congress would not have
done it if the facts had been known at the time.
The bill I now report simply provides that the
act of the California Legislature shall be, and
is hereby, ratified by Congress. That is the
whole of it, and there never was a case of
clearer equity presented.
Mr. UPSON. What was the reason given
by the Governor of California for vetoing it ?
Mr. JULIAN. I will state to the gentleman
that the Governor in his veto alleged it was not
competent for the Legislature of California to
grant relief since Congress had made the grant,
and made it inalienable ; but the answer is that
the Legislature never proposed to act without
consulting Congress. They referred their
action to Congress for ratification.
Mr. UPSON. One other question : I under-
stand the chairman to say that Congress never
would have made the original grant if they
were aware of the condition of things there.
Was it not referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and did not that committee
report it to this House?
Mr. JULIAN. It was reported by the Com'
inittee on the Public Lands, and I was on the
committee; but I am sure it was never dreamed
that any one was in the occupancy of that land
as a preemptor. If it had been the com-
mittee would not have interfered with his
rights under the laws of Congress.
Mr. HIGBY. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Indiana whether, when that transfer was
made, a patent was given for that tract of coun-
try? What is the evidence of title in Califor-
nia? Is it the act of Congress, or was a patent
issued at the Department?
Mr. JULIAN. No patent, I think, was
issued. There ib nothing but the act of Congress.
Mr. HIGBY. I wish to ask the gentleman
if the Committee on the Public Lands have such
facts before them as to authorize the statement
made in the preamble to this bill? I have not.
I have not made any investigation of it. I
wish to know whether the eommitteee is fully
satisfied on that matter. . .
Mr. JULIAN. I will answer that we had
proof to support the facts recited in that pre-
amble. We have sworn affidavits of settlers
of Mariposa county who are cognizant of all
the facts. The testimony is strong. I believe
there is no dispute about the facts.
Mr. HIGBY. Have the committee become
satisfied these parties have vested rights ?
Mr. JULIAN. The committee, of course,
thought they had vested rights by settlement,
under the laws of Congress, in good faith and
by making the required improvements—vested
rights which even an act of Congress could not
rightfully divest.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Has there
been any remonstrance against this act of Con-
gress ?
Mr. JULIAN. There is a remonstrance from
the commissioners appointed by the Governor
of California to take charge of this property
under the law of Congress. We have carefully
examined it, but it shows nothing to invalidate
our conclusion.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. JULIAN. I will after the previous
question is seconded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main questiou ordered.
Mr. JULIAN. I now yield to the gentleman
from California.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, I would not
seek the floor to say anything at all, but for the
fact that when this question was first mooted
in California I announced myself as against
it. By many letters I have written since I am
aware I have led the public men with whom
I have corresponded to believe that I would
be opposed to the passage of this bill. But,
sir, on investigation of the question 1 find
there is no authority in Congress to deprive
these men of their rights as settlers; and I
think it a hardship and wrong upon them to
compel them to fight the whole power of the
State of California to protect themselves in
their rights against an act unconstitutionally
passed by the l'hirty-Eighth Congress.
The preemption laws of 1841 open up the
whole public domain to actual settlers, and
under that law these gentlemen took possession
of this claim. That act delares that they shall
be the owners, or that they shall have vented
equitable rights. Before that time those who
settled on the public lands were considered
trespassers. But 'since the act of 1841 the
Supreme Court of the United States has estab-
lished a new rule. In 1862 Congress passed a
law inviting settlers on all the public lands of
the United States, whether surveyed orunsur-
veyed; and provided, further, that if they
settled on the unsurveyed lands, when the lauds
came to be surveyed the proprietors should
enter according to their original claims with-
out regard to the public surveys. These gen-
tlemen perfected their claims under both of
those acts. Now, I hold in my hand a list of
authorities, decisions of the Supreme Court of
the United States, construing, these acts in
