1868.-
THE 00N GliESSlON AL GLOBK.
8841
this temptation that makes so many villains,
as the Senator from Kentucky has so well
expressed it.
Air. Pi evident, disclaiming any responsibility
for any portion of this bill except that which
reduces the tax to litty cents, 1 aui now ready
to cast my vote.
Mr. CON NESS. I wish to say, before the
Senator rakes his seat, that there is one thing
for which lie and his friends, in my opinion,
are very responsible, and which really covers
the whole case that he has described to us.
JU was through the fascinations and manipula-
tions of the Senator and his friends that the
President of the United States was separated
from the party that elected him. Had it not
been for their cajolery over him I have no
doubt that the President and Congress would
be together to-dav, and the result would be
that we should have better officers.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. FOWLEii. There cannot be a vote just
now.
Mr. RAMSEY. There are several amend-
ments to be proposed, and there is no proba-
bility of reaching a linal vote to-night. It is
nearly eleven o'clock. If 1 thought there was
any chance of getting a vote I would not insist
on the motion, but as it is I think we had bet-
ter adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
n;iys, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 10 ; as follow;: :
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalcw, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole. Gunness, i>av\s. Ferry, Fowler, li.nlan, lioud-
rict^, MoCrcery, Poineroy, ll.iuibey, Ross, Thayer,
V<-m Winkle, Vickors, ana Yates—18.
NAYS— Mc^sr.s.C.i.Ltell,Ooriklin^:,Ci agin, Edmunds,
Ho\vr, McDonald, JMorgan, Morrill oi* Maine, Alor<ill
of Veiuiont, Osborn, Patterson of New Hampsnirc,
Siiei ui.til. Stewart, Wade, Williams, ami Wilson—lb.
I'—Messrs. Anthony, Jiuyard, Uorbett,
D'Xun, Doolitiie, Drake, Fe&sendeu. Frehughuysen,
Grimes. Henderson,Howard, Johnson, Morton. Nor-
ton, Nye, Patteiaou of Tennessee, lliee, rfaulsbury,
Spra^ue, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Welch, and
Vi llley—24.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF ItEPIlESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 8, 1808.
The House inet at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Kev. C. B. jBoyxion.
The Journal of yesterday was partially read,
when,
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illi-
nois, the farther reading was dispensed with.
SIW OK 1110N-CLADS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
letter from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report of the Secretary of State
of the 2d in&tant, together with accompanying
papers, in relation to the iron-eiads Oneota
ami Catawba, sold by the Navy Department
to Swift & Co.; which was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
navajo indians.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of State, with a com-
munication from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, relative to the Navajo Indians on the
Bosque Redondo reservation; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
LEGISLATIVE, KTC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, offered the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Revolved, That the Clerk be directed to inform the
Senate that in communicating the action of the
llouse on the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(II. R. No. 60a) making appropriations for the legis-
hu i vi.', executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment tor the year euding the 30th day of June.
1S&J, amendment No. 223 was erroneously announced
as having been concurred in, the &ame having been
noii-eoucurred in.
(lltl)er of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in
order is the bill reported by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boot-well,] froth the
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 241.
Committee on Reconstruction, for the removal
of certain disabilities, which was pending at
the adjournment last evening.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I aslt
unanimous consent that the House lake up
the amendments of the Senate to the civil
appropriation bill.
Air. GARFIELD. Does the gentleman's
motion interfere with the morning hour? I
hope he will allow us to have a morning hour.
Mr. WASHBQHNE. of Illinois. My prop-
osition is in the line of the public interest. If
we expect to get away we ought to take the ap-
piiipriation bills in order to get them in com-
mittees of conference. There are a great many
disagreeing votes between the two Houses
which will take a great deal of time to consider.
The civil appropriation bill ought to be taken
up and disposed of this morning. After that
we can have a morning hour.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to make one re-
mark it: regard to the Military Committee.
That committee has not been called for public
bills since the 22d of January. We have a
large number of important bills, among others
a bill now being matured by the committee
to reduce the Army of the United States nearly
one half. Now, in the regular order, as it
appears to be going on, I cannot see that our
committee will be called at all. Certainly if
the morning hour is dispensed with or inter-
fered with it cannot be called.
EViWINO SliSSIONf l'On FKTDVY.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
that a session be held next Friday evening for
the sole use of the Committee on Military
Affairs, at which time we will try to have the
bill ready to which. I referred for the reduction
of the Armv.
# Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. On condi-
tion that the business be confined, to that bdl
alone.
Mr. GARFIELD We may have other bills.
Mr. WASHBCIHNE, of Illinois. Then i
object.
The SPEA KER. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs has not been called since January
last, as the gentleman states.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. T under-
stand that. The Committee on Commerce
Imvf only been called once, and there is a great
deal of business before them. 1 will a^ree to
an evening session if it is understood that it is
to be conlined to that bill to which the gentle-
man refers; otherwise I object.
There being no objection, it was ordered that
there be an evening session on Fiiday next for
the consideration of the bill for the reduction
of the Army.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION* BILL.
Mr. WASIIBURNEj of Illinois. I now
ask that the House proceed to the considera-
tion of the amendments of theSenate to House
bill No 818, making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June SO, 1809. and for other purposes.
The House, pursuant to previous order, pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the Senate
amendments to the civil appropriation bill, in
the House as in Committee of the Whole under
the five-minute rule.
The first amendment of the Senate was read,
to strike out vi $564,1)04 32,and insert
'• $1,500,000;" so that the clause will read:
For neccssary expenses in carrying into effect the
several acts oi Congress authorizing loans and the
issue of Treasury notes, $1,500,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
Insert after line thirty-nine the following:
For facilitatingcommunieation between the Atlan-
tic and Pacific States by electrical telegraph, $40,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Insert after line forty-six the following:
To meet expenses incurred in the prosecution and
• colloofciori of SlairftS du© th€ United States, $15/000, to
be disbursed under tho direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-coucurreuce.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the
committee have recommended non-concurrence
in this amendment, I desire to make a brief
statement to the House. I have been informed
by the Treasury Department that this amount
is for the purpose of carrying on prosecutions
which have already been commenced against
a large number of persons who are in default.
And I am told that if it is expected that these
prosecutions shall be carried to a successful
conclusion, it is necessary to make this appro-
priation. Individually, therefore, I am in tavor
of concurring iu this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
In lines fifty-two and fifty-three strike out " $25Q.r
000," and insert "$150,000;" bo tha.t the ciau&e will
rend:
For supplying deficiency in tho fund for the relifef
of sick and disabledaeamen, $1<30,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment: ^
Insert alter line seventy-one tho following:
Provided, Tnat the buiidmg shall be completed
without any further appropriation by the Govern-
ment.
So tbfit the clnupc will read ;
Toward rebuilding the United St;itesMilitary Asy-
lum tor disabled soldiers at Togus, near Autru>ta,
Maine, deployed by accidental lire, $-<3,000, Provided,
That the building shall bo completed without, any
fuither appropriation by the (jovernmeut.
'The Committee on Appropriations recom-
*mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amend nent:
Insert after last amendment tho following:
For the payment of the Congiessional (jlobo and
Appendix, lor the fiscal >ear emlnu June oO, 186S,
&«0,000; ro be taken irom the appropriation hereto-
fore made and unexpended for the purchase of ono
complete set of the Congressional Globeand Appen-
dix lor each Senator and llcpiesentative who have
not already received them.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend noil concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
In lines eighty-six and eiorhtv-scven, strike out
44 $j00,000," and insert 4,$ 00,000so that the clause
will re.td:
For the survey of the Atlantic and (?ulf coasts of
the United States, including compensation of civ-
ilians engnged in the work, and excluding pay and
emoluments of officers ot the Army and N-'vv, and
petty officers and men of the Navy employed in th©
work, $300,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
In line ninety strike out "$60,000" and insert
" $1G0,000;" so that the clause will read :
For continuing the survey of the western coast of
the United States, including compensation of civil-
ians engaged in the work, $lo0,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Strike out the following:
For continuing the survey of the South Florida
reefs, shoals, keys, and coast, including compensa-
tion of civilians engaged in the work, and excluding
pay and emoluments of the officers of the Army a'ud
Navy, and petty officers aud men of the^savy em-
ployed m the work, $25,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
In lines one hundred and twenty-nine and one
hundred and thirty, strike out " $150,000*' and insert
"$208,000;" so that tho clause wiU read:
For the necessary repairs and'ncidental expenses,
improving and refitting light-houses and buildings
connected therewith, $-08,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
In line one bandrcd and thirty-five strike ou£
"forty-three" before the word "keepers;" so that
the clause will roa^J:
'forty-three" before the word
,he clause will roa^J: .
Par salaries of keepers Of light-vessels, $2^,800.
