1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which they hold in all cases—because they all
bear exactly on the subject—that these gentle-
men have acquired such rights that no act of
Congress can defeat. We cannot by act of
Congress take the land of these settlers and
appropriate it for another purpose.
Now, this act of cession to California does
take that land away from these gentlemen and
appropriates it for another purpose. That is
it makes a grant of land to the State of Cali-
fornia for the purpose of pleasure grounds.
That act is unconstitutional so far as the right
of these gentlemen are concerned ; and so Tar
as the decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States are concerned, since 1841, there
has not been a single decision holding a con-
trary doctrine.
In the case of the United States vs. Fitz-
gerald, 15 Peters, the court decides squarely
that no reservation or appropriation of the
public land can be made after a citizen has
preempted it or located it as a homestead.
If this decision is a true exposition of the
constitutional rights of settlers, then it directs
itself directly to the merits of this preemption
claim, and shows clearly that any attempt to
divest the owners of their claim is au attempt
to destroy the constitutional rights of Ameri-
can citizens. Then, again, in the case of Lytle
vs. The State of Arkansas, 9 Howard, the court
holds that when the settler has acts according
to law in his settlement his claim becomes a
legal vested right, subject to be defeated only
by a failure to perform the conditions annexed
to the taking—that is, the preemption laws.
Then, again, in Delsus vs. The United States,
9 Peters, Chief Justice Marshall holds that the
settler's claim is not a vague and inchoate uncer-
tain equitable right, but, upon the contrary, that
it is property belonging to the settler, and that
it cannot be taken away by the Government
of the United States. I could cite any number
of authorities to sustain me in the proposition
that I have been compelled to take in this case,
but T see it is unnecessary, if the Government
of the United States, having control, and for
the purpose of control alone, claiming to be
the owner of the public lands, shall pass laws
for the .taking of such lands by its citizens, and
in addition offer inducements to those who are
hardy and enterprising enough to advance
ahead into the unbroken wilderness and blaze
out a way for civilization to follow, shall, after
the citizen has so gone in advance, and borne
the hardships of opening up a new homo, then
assume to have power to take it away and
give it to another, that Government is not a
Government of law, of justice, or of right
between man and man ; but is a plundering
despotism, robing its own citizens. These gen-
tlemen obtained vested rights upon the public
lands of the United States, and such vested
rights are just as sacred as any other vested
rights, and cannot be destroyed, says the
Supreme Court of the United States, by any
power in the Federal Government. The Con-
stitution and the laws are for the protection of
citizens, and not for the creation of fancy
pleasure grounds'by Congress out of citizen's
farms. If the Constitution and laws do not
afford the settler protection against Congress
as well as everybody else, then God help the
settler, for he is lost indeed, having nowhere
to turn.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
ilr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint, resolution was passed : and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate by Mr. McDon-
ald. its Chief Clerk, announced that that body
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 658) making
40th Gong. 2d Sess.—-No. 177.
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending the 30th of June,-1869, and for
other purposes.
DEATH OF EX-PRESIDENT BUCHANAN.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask consent to offer the
resolution which was objected to in the earlier
part of the day.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I object.
Mr. BLAINE. Then I move to reconsider
the vote whereby the resolution of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. "Woodward] was
laid on the table. If that be done it will bring
up that resolution before the House, and this
can then be moved as a substitute.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. ELDIUDGB. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. WOOD. I will remark that I believe
the funeral is to be to-morrow, so that, practi-
cally, the resolution cannot be carried out.
Mr. ELD1MDGE. I withdraw the demand
for the yeas and nays.
On laying the motion to reconsider on the
table, there were—ayes 12, noes 75 ; no quo-
rum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair appointed
Messrs. V \ v WYcjk and R.axiuex.
The Ilousedivided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 16, noes 80.
So the House refused to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The question recurred on the motion to
reconsider, and it was agreed to.
The question then recurred on laying the
resolution of Mr. Woodward on the table; and
it was disagreed to.
The resolution of Mr. Woodward was then
before the House.
Mr. BLAINE. I now move to amend by
offering the following as a substitute; and I
demand the previous question thereon :
The House of Representatives having received
intelligence of the death of James Buchanan, ex-
President of the United States, at his country seat at
Wheatland, on the 1st instant, doc* hereby resolve,
that as a mark of respect to one who has held such
ominent public station, the Speaker of tlic House is
requested to appoint a committee of seven members
to attend the iaueral ot Mr. Buchanan on behaU ot
the Hou>e, and  o communicatc a copy of this resolu-
tion to the relatives of the deceased.
Mr, ARNELTj. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order,
the substitute having been offered since the
last motion was made to lay the resolution on
the table.
The question was taken; and the House
refused to lay the resolution on the table.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, being first upon agree-
in" to the substitute.
Mr. VAN WYCK demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The substitute was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution.
Mr. VAN WYCK demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was put; and there were ayes
77, noes 10 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. ilolma.v,
and Clarke of Kansas, were appointed.
ThoHousedivided ; and the tellers reported-
ayes 80, noes 1G.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid ou the table.
The latter motion -was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed the following as
the committee under the resolution : Adam J.
Glossbrenner of Pennsylvania, Samuel o.
Marshall of Illinois, James G. Blaine ot
Maine, Francis Thomas of Maryland, Austin
Blair of Michigan, Charles A. Lldridqe
of Wisconsin, and- LAW rfeE S. ■
Kentucky. - . - ' ; > ?;
Mr. BLAINE. I beg leave to"eay-ttat 'my
engagements will not at all allow meto attend,
and 1 therefore beg to decline.
The SPEAKER,. The Chair will appoint
Mr. Henry L. Dawes, of Massachusetts,'in
place of the gentleman from Maine.
BE0ES3.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that - the
House take a recess until half-past seven
o'clock to meet in Committee of the Whole:on
the state of the Union on the tax bill. .
Mr. ALLISON. It will be competent to
transact business to-night?
The SPEAKER. It will he when the House
comes out of Committee of the Whole oa the
state of the Union. , ,
The question was taken on Mr. Sohenok's
motion, and it was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.)
the House took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. m.
EVENING session".
internal tax bill.
At half past seven o'clock the House reas-
sembled in Committee of the Whole ou the
state of the Union, (Mr. Pomeroy in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the special
order, being the bill (H. JR. No. 1060) to reduce
into one act and to amend the laws relating to
internal taxes.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, the bill uojler
consideration is probably one of the most
important that has been presented to this Con-
gress. Among the many measures which this
Congress has had thus far under consideration,
I think I am right in stating that this may be
considered the gravest, and so far as it affects
the whole people of the country, the most
important. The operations of Governmentare
only appreciated as they are personally felt.
What transpires in this Capitol, so far as it
affects the public policy, may be of great
influence, yet to the people it may not be
appreciated because not felt at the time. The
body of the people do not appreciate the force
and power of official action until it aflfects
individual affairs, until they are affected in their
rights, their property, or their persona. Then
they know what Government means. Then
they feel the penalties of living in communities
under laws to be sustained and supported for
the general good.
Ilence it is that I say that a measure like
this, which may be said to be an entire new
system of taxation, a bill in its provisions com-
prehending the whole scheme of inland revenue,
is the most important of any yet proposed in
Congress. 11 reaches every person in the Union
(for none can escape) not only in his pocket,
but in his individual rights.
I presume thatwhile we are engaged in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the details of the bill
an opportunity will be afforded to refer more
particularly to the several sections and items,
and an opportunity given to amend them. This
may not be the proper occasion to refer to
details. As a whole it is a codification, so to
speak, or a consolidation of all the revenue
bills that have heretofore been adopted ; and
additions made so that the proposition now
before the House is substantially an entirely
new system of taxation. All that is really
good in it is old, and all that is new is bad. -
There is one feature especially objection-
able ; a principle which, in my judgment, is
clearly and palpably a violation of the Consti-
tution of the United States, and which cannot
be sustained upon the groundof public good
or of public necessity, and which, in my judg-
ment, will fail to accomplish the ostensible
object for which it is incorporated into the bill.
1 refer to the provision which proposes to
make the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
the sole autocrat, the entire power that is to
carry out and practically enforce and execute
this revenue system. I shall refer more spe-
