1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL (iLOBJi
3843
creased to $75,000, making some one hundred
and ninety thousand dollars in all if this amend-
ment is concurred in.
Mr. O'NEfLL. Not at all.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. appro-
priated S70.000 in the first instance. The
gentleman can figure lip the various sums. The
Senate has increased the appropriation by
$360,000, and about twenty thousand dollars
more it seems will be necessary. Now, the
committee recommended non-concurrence in
the amendment, so as to let the mutter go to a
committee of conference ; then, if we think the
appropriation just and proper, we can concur
in the amendment of the Senate or put in any
proper amount.
Mr. O'NEILL. The first appropriation of
$20,000 vvus made for the removal of the rub-
bish of the old building, the old Pennsylvania
bank. That was followed by an appropriation
of $50,000, making $70,000. Now the defi-
ciency bill which the House passed the other
day contained an appropriation of $25,000,
and in this civil appropriation bill as it passed
the House there was another appropriation of
$25,000. The Senate has added $50,000, so
that if the amount in the Senate amendment is
concurred in the total amount appropriated
will be §170,000. That, as I said before, will
nearly complete the building. I urge that it is
necessary for us to make the appropriation now
asked for and that this Congress will be acting
unwisely if it permits such buildings as these
to remain unfinished and hardly half built, i
hope the House will concur in the amendment
of the Senate. I have always insisted upon a
large appropriation for the appraisers' storesin
Philadelphia.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
take to say that the Senate had no idea of the
amount we had pur. in the deficiency bill,
$25,000, and which will pass. If we also pass
this amendment of the Senate we will give more
than was asked for in the estimates.
The question was then taken on concurring
in the Senate amendment, and upon a division,
there were—ayes tvvenry-one, noes not counted.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Insert after line two hundred and faixty-two the
following:
For construction of a public building for a custom-
house, United States court-room, and post oflioc, ut
Portland, Oregon, $50,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Insert after line two hundred and sixty-nine tho
following: .
For completion of the extension and repairs ot the
custoia-house at Bangor, Maine, $20,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
Mr. PETERS. 1 think if the Committee on
Appropriations had understood this amend-
ment they would have recommended concur-
rence in it. The matter was within the knowl-
edge of my colleague, [Mr. Blaine,! who is a
member of the Committee on Appropriations ;
but he left the city without making that explana-
tion to the committee which was necessary in
order to have them all understand it. _ Now,
I believe that I understand the propriety of
this amendment as well as any other person,
and I will explain it very briefly.
We are already at work on the custom-house
at Bangor. The contracts for materials have
been made, and the workmen have been en-
gaged upon it. While in the middle of the
work a new fact developed itself which was
not known to the architect before; and that
was that the foundation (which is right in the
bed of the river, on both sides of which the
cily of Bangor is situated) will require a large
sum of money, more than was at lirst supposed
necessary. 1 happened to be at home when
that fact"was developed, in the last days of the
mouth of May. There was a meeting of the
citizens of Bangor in order to sell the building,
which has already cost several hundred thou-
sand dollars, and to abandon, the location.
And a very strong pressure was brought to
bear, in order to have a very large now appro-
priation for the construction of a new court-
house. 1 opposed that plan, in the present
state of onr national finances, and also upon
the ground that it would be very difficult to
get Congress up to such a point.
Now, Mr. Mullilt, who is (here, the archi-
tect, and the assistant architect who is under
him, have both come to the conclusion that
at least §20,000 additional must be expended
on this building. The building cannot be left
uncompleted in safety. The idea is to com-
plete the work by September or November of
this year. If you give us the $20,000—and
you must give it sooner or later—you will save
a large additional outlay which will be required
if this nppiopiiaiion is not now made. By
making this appropriation the building will
be completed, and will not be left to the danger
of the eh" m outs during the coming fall and winter
in that climate and in the stream of that river.
As it is now, we are accommodated with an
insufficient post office building. With this
additional sum we can have all the post, office
accommodation we want. And we can have
all the custom-house accommodation wo want.:
and we can have all the offices of internal
revenue supplied with accommodations. And
we can also have a sufficient courthouse;
while so mean and insufficient is the court-
house now that it has never been used but
once since the building was erected, on which
these repairs are being made, the court seek-
ing some other place to hold their terms. I
know all about this matter ; my colleague [Mr.
Blaine] knows all about it. It is a very strong
case.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Is this sum sufficient
to complete the building?
Mr. PETERS. K will complete it.
Mr. FAItN'SU'ORTfl. Then let us tinish it.
Mr. PETERS. So I say.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
listened with a great deal of interest to my
friend from the city of Bangor, [Mr. Peters.]
I have heard that speech several times before,
and I always liked it; it is a good speech of
its kind. [Laughter.] His predecessor, Mr.
Rice, came before the Committee on Com-
merce and made just the same speech, and we
appropriated the sum of $30,000. It was not
so good a speech as this, perhaps, but it was
pretty much the same, lie told us the same
story about tho location of the custom house
building, for which the United States was not
responsible. The good people of my friend's
city, having a river running through the mid-
dle of the city, could not agree on which side
of the river the custom-house and post office
should be situated; so they put the building in
the middle of the stream. The foundation
began to wash away, and they came here and
said, '* We must have $3G,000 to finish this
work, and we will never come here again if you
will give us this appropriation." 1 had great
doubts about the matter ; but. the predecessor
of my friend from Maine, like the gentleman
himself, had a great deal of influence over me,
and upon the condition that that appropriation
should end the matter I consented to the appro-
priation of §30,000. Hence I have considered
it very extraordinary that at this the very next
session of Congress we should be called upon
to appropriate 820,000 more.
Now, sir, this appropriation, according to
: its terms, is not for the purpose which my
friend specifies, the building of a foundation.
(The amendment is_ " for completion of the
extension and repairs of the custom-house at
| Bangor, Maine, §20,000." _ Now, sir, what I
have protested against so often heretofore, and
what I intend to protest against hereafter, is,
when an appropriation has been made for a
given purpose, allowing the officers to go on
and contract for the expenditure of a larger
sum. 1 do not understand that in this case
there have been made any contracts which this
appropriation is intended to cover; but I pro-
test against making an appropriation like this
when we have no official information, no writ-
ten statement from any authoritative source,
on which to act. The statement of my friend
from Maine [Mr. Petbks] is no doubt true,
but it is not such a statement as we should act
upon in a case of this kind. We should have
written authority, we should have a full state-
ment of all the facts in some official docu-
ment. Independently of that, I am opposed
to making this appropriation at this time. I
hope my friend from Maine will consent to let
the matter go to a committee of conference.
Perhaps that committee, if they find the facts
as stated, may deem it for the public interest
to recede from our disagreement.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-
pose of making a brief reply to the gentleman
from Illinois, X move to amend the Senate
amendment by making the amount of the
appropriation §25,000. I concur with the gen-
tleman iu the opinion that the location of this
building was unwise. It was made, as the
gentleman lias said, for the purpose of pacify-
ing conflicting interests. The mercantile gen-
tlemen of Bangor, residing on the one or the
other side of the stream, were very much
divided iu their notions; and hence this loca-
tion. This building has been erected and also
the approaches to it at an expense of several
hundred thousand dollars. Repairs which have
become necessary have been commenced, and
are now in an unfinished condition. The ques-
tion is whether they shall be completed. I
went before the Senate committee with Mr.
Muli.ins, and he was very earnest in urging
the necessity of this appropriation. Contracts
have been made ; materials are on the ground ;
the workmen are at. work ; and the question is
whether these contracts shall be carried out in
good faith; whether this work shall be done,
my colleague [Mr. Blaikc] having encouraged
Mr. Mt'jj.ixs and the Senate committee to
believe that there would be no difficulty in
arranging this matter with the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. BENTON. Can the foundation of the
building be made perfectly secure?
ilr. PETERS. It can be. The only diffi-
culty is that enough money has not been
appropriated to do that and to complete the
building as it should be completed.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, I beg to say that
this is no recent matter. This building was
Greeted under a former Administration, not at
the instance of my colleague [Mr. Peters] or
his predecessor, but long ago.
Mr. PETERS. Under the administration
of Franklin Pierce.
Mr. PIKE. The present Administration is
not responsible for the erection of this build-
ing. The only question now is whether a small
appropriation shall be made for the comple-
tion of the work, or whether the whole thing
shall be given up.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to inquire by what authority Mr. Muluns ex-
ceeded the appropriation in making these con-
tracts, when Mr. Rice, the predecessor of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters,] pledged
himself that the total expenditure should not
exceed $30,000?
Mr. PETERS. I will answer the gentle-
man. The contract has been made for a cer-
tain amount of work and for a certain amount
of granite; but additional work is necessary
in order to strengthen the foundations. We
ask that this small sum be appropriated to
complete this work. Now, sir, $36,000 is a
small sum.
Mr. M ULLINS. Let me interrupt the gen-
tleman with one remark. Tl\e_ foundations
laid under the administration of Pierce have
to be repaired. [Laughter.] _
Mr. PIKE. Then we get off cheap with
$20,000. ,
Mr. PETERS. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
fifty-three, noes not counted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
