1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2819
by a little effort, soon be converted into coin.
If what lias been done by individual exertion
so feebly and imperfectly lias produced within
a few years twelve or fifteen hundred million
dollars, what could not the Government do
with improved and largely increased facilities?
It is no exaggerated estimate to say that after
one year of preparation $100,000,000 could be
procured, and that this would be trebled in
two more years, and that at the expiration of
five years this would be yet further increased?
As product increased the necessity for saving j
revenue from other sources would decrease,
and it is reasonable to suppose that at the end
of ten years the public debt would be paid,
specie payments be resumed, and taxation,
except for the necessary contingent expenses
of the Government, be materially, if not alto-
gether abolished. 1 am aware that at first
this will seem a Utopian scheme. It will ap-
pear visionary and impracticable, but as it is
examined carefully it will become feasible—and
altogether easy of accomplishment to every
understanding. It will meet opposition from
other quarters. The States and Territories in
which the precious metals exist will oppose it
under the idea that their lacal interests are to
be interfered with. On reflection I am satis-
fied there is no good grounds for such fears.
On the contrary, it will add to their prosperity.
The Government will expend large outlays in
the construction of the proposed works, and
give employment to many thousands not now
required. Mining will be followed as a scien-
tific and well-regulated branch of industry, and
.the permanent interests of those communities
be better secured.
My proposition, therefore, is the immediate
occupation and development of our resources in
territory "belonging to the Government contain-
ing the precious metals to our use and benefit;
to assume possession of as against individual
and mining companies of the mineral lands,
and work them on Government account. I do
not mean that the property of existing mining
companies, or of individuals who have located
and who are in possession of existing mines
shall be disturbed. All of those now in actual
occupation should bo respected and recognized
as possessed of a vested right. Although all
of these are in violation of the rights of the
Government, which is the great proprietor and
owner of the soil, yet the Government having
been derelict in not assuming possession, and
instead in rather encouraging a belief that the
territory was open or free to all the world, I
am willing to concede that, so far as now exist-
ing in private hands, we should respect them.
It is true that under the law of 18G6 individuals
may acquire legal authority to take up mineral
lands by the payment of five dollars per acre,
but even this privilege has-been disregarded,
but few, if any, having availed themselves of
it; but, as it is alleged, it should render them
both to State taxation; but because probably
they did not think it necessary to pay even this
small sum for that which they could get for
nothing. An adventurous and free-living class
of men, they probably consider themselves
exempt from Government interference. Be
that as it may, I am willing to admit that their
labors, self-sacrifice, and industry have pro-
duced to the country an enormous aggregate
of substantial wealth, for which they are entitled
to thanks and liberal official recognition. In
return let them enjoy the full benefit of their
discoveries and improvements so far as now
possessed. There is enough remaining un-
touched and undiscovered to pay off the
national debt a hundred times.
Over this, therefore, I propose that we shall
assume jurisdiction to make it available for the
use and benefit of the nation, and not of individ-
uals. The argument heretofore advanced in
favor of the extension of these privileges to
the miners has been that their products added
to the national prosperity. Considering this
to be well founded, how much more will it
promote the general welfare if this increase
of bullion shall be quadrupled and go directly
into the public Treasury as the property of the
Government. To promote the general welfare
is of course highly desirable. We should never
lose sight of this duty, but in reducing the
public debt, in lessening, if not entirely abol-
ishing taxation, in returning to a specie cur-
rency, we shall, indeed, promote the general
welfare in a most positive and tangible manner.
This I propose to do by developing the
mineral resources by Government effort, and
placing the proceeds to its credit. My plan
is to construct extensive works, locating them
in regions where it is ascertained the precious
metals most abound; to bring from Europe
the highest order of scientific knowledge for
the chemical departments of separation and
practical analysis of the metals ; to construct
whatever tunnels, canals, or other physical
improvements may be required in reaching
and working the deepest mountain reccsses in
which the ores may exist, and to erect testing
and smelting establishments so as to make into
bullion the products of these mines on the
spot from which the ores are originally pro-
cured.
If it shall be said in opposition to this prop-
osition that it is impracticable, inasmuch as
the Government cannot become a great miner,
to construct the necessary works and to pro-
mote them on its own account successfully, I ask
why not? Does not the Government possess
its own factories for the manufacturing of arms;
its navy-yards for the construction of ships of
war, for the making of machinery, boilers, &c. ?
Have we not many large establishments for the
construction of many articles of public use,
which the Government require? And if it be
further objected to on the ground that the tempt-
ation to those employed in the mines would
be too great to prevent theft, and to secure to
the Government the results, I reply that ever
since the establishment of the Union we have
had mints and assaying offices without any loss
whatever. In these works there have been
thousands of persons employed with no loss by
theft, so far as known. Certainly the temptation
and opportunity in them are tenfold greater
than they would be in the mines worked by
Government officials and properly protected.
Again, go to the Treasury Department here
and witness the manufactureof currency and the
cancellation of paid bonds, where the chances
for undetected theft are far more than they
could be in the Government mines. The dia-
mond mines of Brazil are worked principally
by negroes and Indians, and it rarely or ever
occurs that even there such losses occur.
The precautions are sufficient to prevent the
secreting of even these small objects about the
person. Certainly we are capable of applying
a like system to our mines, which shall afford
like security against loss from such a cause.
Another argument advanced in favor of the
present occupants of the mines is that the
expense of getting out the ore and of smelt-
ing, &c., is almost as great as the value of the
products. I know that it is almost impossible
to get at the precise cost of procuring the metal
under the present imperfect and insufficient
system. Of coursc it is very much depend-
ent upon physical considerations, and greatly
increased or decreased according to circum-
stances.
We have no data by which to get at it with
any degree of exactitude. It is estimated that
the product of California of about one thou-
sand millions has not cost over ten per cent.
There is but one official statement furnished
as to the cost of production in this country, and
that is furnished by J. Koss Browne, in his
report of 1865, with reference to the "Sierra
Buttes" mine in Sierra, California. Here is
erected a mill of the first quality, which has
been in existence since 1853. In nine years
this mine made a gross yield of $1,120,000 at
a cost of $385,000, leaving a profit on this out-
lay of about two hundred per cent.
It is almost impossible to form an estimate
of the value of the mineral lands of the Gov-
ernment. There is no data upon which this
can be even approximately ascertained,
however, well known that that vast region lying
between the thirty-fifth and forty-ninth <
of north latitude and the one hundred and fourth
and one hundred and twenty-fourth degree
of longitude abound in the precious metals.
The States of California, Nevada, Nebraska,
Oregon, and Territories of Dakota, Colorado,
New Mexico, Arizona, Utah, Washington,
Idaho, and Montana, covering an area of one
million square miles, contain incalcable wealth
yet undeveloped. It is but a few years since
any attempt has been made to obtain these
metals. California, the first in our possession,
lias yielded already over one thousand million
dollars. The resources of the other States and
Territories have but recently attracted atten-
tion, but some of them have produced great
results. The Comstock lode of Nevada has of
itself, with very imperfect working, produced a
yield of $16,000,000 per year; and it is said
that with additional facilities asked of the Gov-
ernment this can be increased to $30,000,000
per year. We have an inexhaustible supply
of the precious metals ; not only gold, but sil-
ver, quicksilver, and every precious metal
known to the commercial world. Notwith-
standing the difficult means of reaching the ore,
and the very imperfect processes and feeble
appliances ; notwithstanding their want of sci-
entific knowledge, want of capital in making
the mines productive, and of proper chemical
analyses in the separation of the metal; not-
withstanding all these disadvantages, it is esti-
mated, so far as I can gather from the reports
and information derived from others personally
familiar with those districts, they have pro-
duced about two thousand million dollars.
Now, Mr. Chairman, all this land belongs
to the Government of the United States; every
acre of it, with very trifling exceptions, belongs
to the United States. In 180G Congress passed
a law requiring five dollars an acre for the min-
eral lands ; that 110 man could possess himself
of them and work them for his individual ben-
efit without taking up the land at five dollars
per acre. Yet none has been so taken up.
These men do not recognize the authority of
the Government to interfere with them. That
poor pittance of five dollars an acre has not
been paid at all ; but they possess themselves
of these regions, they take them when they
please and work them as they please. T'liey
are a verybrave, hardy, enterprising, energetic
race of men. I have a respect for them. But,
sir, I have a greater respect for the property
of my Government; I have greater respect for
the obligations of the Government, and I
believe that if we possessed within our own
right that which it is practicable to make use-
ful toward the payment of our own national obli-
gations, thefirstduty of this Government is to
itself, and then let its citizens take care of
themselves.
Mr. Chairman, this is in this country prob-
ably a new idea—not so in Europe. The Gov-
ernment of Russia has worked its mines for its
own benefit. Germany has done so. Spain
did so for over a century. Mexico has done
so. The great wealth of Spain was not derived,
as is the popular error, from its commerce,
because she never had any commerce to any
extent. She obtained her wealth and reached
her great power in consequence of the rich-
ness of her mines, which she protected. Their
system was by the imposition of a royalty upon
the product. But everybody knows that in this
country such a system never could practically
be carried out. The imposition of a royalty
upon a product, from the nature and habits of
our people, from their manner of dealing wjth
every matter that interferes with their individ-
ual rights, would be impracticable. _
I repeat that the Government of the United
States should take possession, actually and pos-
itively, of its mineral public lands. While I
could respect vested rights, while! do not pro-
pose to deprive any in occupation or a loot ot
I that •which they possess, and which it may
probably be said with truth they ha\e earned
| bv their enterprise, their energy, their indus-
try, and the hardship and exposure mcidefit
I to their avocation; yet. sir, there are millions
