1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
40th C(mg....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad Freight Tariff—Mr. Washburn.
Ho. op Reps.
day a motion to lay it on the table failed, and
for want of time to consider it it went to the
Speaker's table.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman yield one
moment?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Not now.
Mr. PRICE. I would like to correct the
gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I state
nothing but what is correct. The gentleman
from Iowa I have spoken with several times,
and I have understood from him that the com-
mittee had had the matter under consideration,
and I think that he is in favor of the measure,
hut that a majority of the committee have no
intention of reporting that bill.
Mr. PRICE. That is a mistake.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am
glad to know that it is a mistake, and that the
committee intend to report a bill so neces-
sary and just as this. That this proposition
should meet with any opposition here is most
astonishing, not to say alarming. I must be-
lieve that the measure is not understood, and
that members do not understand the necessity
for it. As I, intend to press it or some kindred
measure at every opportunity until it becomes
a law, I claim the attention of the House for a
short time while I state some of the many
reasons why we should act at this time.
No on-e sees more clearly than I do that the
Pacific railroad is a work of necessity or will
go further than I to hasten it to a completion,
due regard to the protection of the rights of the
people being had. So far as I know any of
the parties connected with these roads I en-
tertain for them the most friendly feelings. I
have no private griefs to avenge or personal
wrongs to complain of, but I am speaking, as
in duty bound, in the interests of the people,
who have no lobby to work for them.
The Pacific railroad is the greatest enter-
prise of modern times. The completion of it
is an object of universal desire among the
American people. So great is the public anx-
iety for the road that our people have been
willing to shut their eyes to every considera-
tion ill regard to it, and to give absolute con-
trol to the parties engaged in its manage-
ment, regardless of all future consequences.
It is a characteristic of our people that when
they want a thing they will have it, cost what
it may, but often, when too late, have cause to
regret their own short-sightedness and lament
their extravagance and folly. If they want a
railroad they are always ready to yield a will-
ing ear to the voice of the railroad syren, who
whispers them to loan the credit of their coun-
ties, towns, cities, or farms to aid an enter-
prise which promises to make all rich, but
often results in repudiation, bankruptcy, and
ruin.
No great work has ever been started in this
country in which the great public has so vast
an interest as in the Pacific railroad. It is a
work in which over sixty million dollars of the
people's money is to be invested, a work in
which the prosperity and' growth of the coun-
try arc involved, a thoroughfare that is to fur-
nish transit for the commerce of Asia and the
Pacific coast, a corporation exceeding in power
and magnitude any upon earth, and one that
will hold hereafter, if not checked, the des-
tinies of this country in its hands. Yet, sir,
notwithstanding this, I will undertake to say
(hat outside of the parlies interested as stock-
holders or employfis there are not ten men in
the United States who understand the history
of these different Pacific railroads, how they
have been brought into existence and prose-
cuted up to the present time. This Congress
ought to understand the question and the public
ought to understand it; and if then they see fit
to sacrifice posterity for all coming time to the
grinding control of a giant monopoly they can
do so. I propose to relieve myself of any
responsibility if Congress doesnotatonceinter-
fere, for it is not difficult to see that if we allow
matters to progress as they have done until
these roads are completed and they have
$100,000,000 of our money in their hands
they will successfully defy any legislation that
may ever be attempted here.
The first bill enacted into a law in regard to
building a Pacific railroad was passed July 1,
1862. It contemplated an organization com-
posed of men from all quarters of the country,
and that the stock should be distributed in an
equitable manner to the different parts of the
country. The names of the corporators were
one hundred and fifty-eight in number, taken
from all parts of the country. The main fea-
tures of the act were : first, to incorporate the
persons named, with five commissioners to be
named by the Secretary of the Interior, under
the name and style of the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company, who were authorized to build
and maintain a railroad from the one hun-
dredth meridian to the western boundary of
Nevada Territory. The capital stock named
was §100,000,000, divided into shares of §1,000
each, not more than two hundred shares to be
held by any one person. Books were to be
opened, and as soon as two thousand shares or
two per cent, of the stock was taken up, and
ten dollars a share or one per cent, on a dollar
paid in, then the president and secretary of the
board of commissioners were to appoint a time
for the first meeting of the subscribers to the
stock, who should meet and elect officers for the
corporation, and vast powers were given to the
corporation thus constituted; right of way was
granted through all the public domain, with all
necessary grounds for stations, buildings, work-
shops, side tracks, &c., and alternate sections
of land for ten miles on each side of the road.
There was also granted in aid of the road United
States bonds at the rate of $16,000 per mile for
about five hundred and fifty miles, SI8,000 per
mile for three hundred miles, to include the
sections crossing the Rocky mountains and
Sierra Nevada, and $32,000 per mile for about
eight hundred and fifty miles included between
the two ranges named. These bonds were de-
clared to be a first mortgage upon the road,
and the grant was made on the express condition
that they should be paid at maturity, and all
compensation for services rendered to the Gov-
ernment was to be applied to pay the principal
and interest on said bonds, and five per cent, of
the net earnings of the road was to be reserved
and applied to the payment of said bonds.
In section nine of the same act the Leaven-
worth, Pawnee, and Western Railroad Company
of Kansas, a corporation under the laws of
Kansas, was authorized to build its road from
the mouth of Kansas river to connect with the
Union Pacific at the one hundredth parallel;
and the Central Pacific railroad, a company
chartered by the State of California, was au-
thorized to build its road to the eastern border
of said State, and both said last-named roads
were granted the same aid by the Government
as to the Union Pacific.
By section thirteen of said act there wasalso
granted to the Hannibal and St. Joseph road a
subsidy from the Government of $10,000 for
one hundred miles, and that road was author-
ized to connect with the Union Pacific, eastern
division. That road has obtained its subsidy
for one hundred miles, and is now clamoring
for more.
By section fourteen the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company was also authoiized to build
from the west boundary of Iowa to the one
hundredth parallel, and was authorized aud
required to build a road from Sioux City to
connect with the Union Pacific road on the
"nearest and most practicable route," and the
same subsidy was granted.
And now, right at this point, though it may
break the continuity of my statement of the
legislation had upon the subject, I desire to call
attention to the manner in which this Sioux
City road has been built, and to the niter viola-
tion of the letter and spirit of the act of Con-
gress. I stale it as a matter of history that this
Sioux City brunch road was incorporated in the
first Pacific railroad bill, at the instance and
demand of the members from Minnesota, and
that but for that the bill would have had their
opposition instead of support. The reason for
this will be obvious when you look at the map
I now have before me.
It is here discovered that from a given point
on the Pacific railroad, less than one hundred,
miles west of Sioux City, it is one hundred
miles nearer to the head of Lake Superior than
to the city of Chicago. The importance, there-
fore, of that provision to the people of Minne-
sota and to the people of Superior City, in my
district, must be apparent to every gentleman,
because the proposed road would bring Supe-
rior City one hundred miles nearer to the Pa-
cific than Chicago, and would place the State
of Minnesota and the cities of St. Paul and
Minneapolis on the shortest Pacific highway.
I wish to call the attention of members of
the House to what has been done in that mat-
ter. The object of the members from Minne-
sota I think I have made perfectly apparent.
But, instead of building the road which was
contemplated by the original law and as good
faith required, and where the law declared it
should be built, namely, in a direct line from
Sioux City to the Pacific railroad, on the
"nearest and most practicable route," so as
to have a short and direct line to Lake Supe-
rior, what have they done? What have they
obtained from this Government? Instead of
building the road so as to bring Superior City
one hundred miles nearer than the city of Chi-
cago to the Pacific ocean they have built the
road from Sioux City down the valley of the
Missouri river, upon the dead level bottoms of
that stream, and have obtained a subsidy of
$16,000 a mile and a grant of lands at the
rate of twelve thousand eight hundred acres
per mile, provided there was unappropriated
land to that extent, and have built seventy-two
miles of that road within the State of Iowa;
and I assert here that for sixty-eight miles of
that distance every mile after they leave Sioux
City takes them further from the Pacific coast
than they were at the end of the preceding
mile. I assert that at the end of sixty-eight
miles from Sioux City they are twenty miles
further from the Pacific ocean than they were
at the point whence they started, and that after
traversing one hundred miles from Sioux City
and joining with the Pacific road they are but
six miles nearer the Pacific than tho point of
departure. If gentlemen will look at the map
they will see the correctness of that statement.
After running in a southeasterly direction for
sixty-eight miles from Sioux City the road tnrns
westward and crosses the Missouri river some
thirty odd miles above the city of Omaha, so
that that city, which, like Jonah'sgourd, spring-
ing up in a night through the impetus given by
this road, is destined by the same cause that cre-
ated it to hasten to swift decay, as it will be left
upon a side track about thirty miles removed
from the direct line to the Pacific, and thus
that till now flourishing city, which had made
great gifts to this company, is to be sacrificed
by a soulless corporation without regret or
remorse.
Mr. I>ODGE. Is the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Washburn] acquainted with the
country west of the Missouri river, and does
he undertake to say that a line of road from
Sioux City west of the river is as practicable
as the one already built?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. l am
not acquainted with the country west of Sioux
City. But any gentleman must see and know
that Congress never could have contemplated
the building of any other road than the one in
a direct line leading toward the Pacific; it
never contemplated giving $16,000 a mile for
a road in Iowa running southeast down the
! valley of the Missouri river upon a dead level
I plain. And it certainly never contemplated
i the building of sixty-eight miles of the road in
j Iowa to carry it twenty miles further from the
1 Pacific ocean than where it started from.
