2820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juh© 3,
of acres that the foot.of man, at least of the
white man, has never trod. I would take
possession of those regions. I would bring
from Europe—because it-is not to be found in
this country—the highest order of scientific
knowledge with reference to minerals, chem-
eal preparations, and the treatment of ores.
I would construct immense smelting establish-
ments. I would furnish a capital for that pur-
pose through the Government which individual
capitalists cannot furnish, and I would put the
profits into .the public Treasury.
, SSir, we had a proposition presented to this
H<juse to-day from a gentleman of the name
of Sut'ro, who comes here representing the
Comstock lode; calls upon the Government
for its aid in its credit of $5,000,000 to make
a canal or tunnel by which to get access to the
valuable minerals which are known to exist
in that mountain; and it is admitted in the
preamble to that bill that individual capital
utterly fails to produce the metal, and that the
Government aid alone can do it. But they
want the Government to do it for their bene-
fit, and not for the benefit of the Government.
They want to put their hands into the public
Treasury, already overwhelmed and embar-
rassed by debt. They want to take more money
out of the Treasury. For the benefit of the
Government? Ah, no ; for their own benefit.
I know they will tell you how much advan-
tage it is to the material interests to procure
the precious metals. Well, we all know that.
Let any one compare the census of 1850 with
the census of I860, and compare the business
and products of the country, and he will find
the advantage and the effect of the discovery
of gold in California. Wo know that. But
will it be any less advantage to the industrial
interests if this money goes into the Treasury
instead of into the pockets of these parties?
Why, it would increase it fourfold more than
it would if it went into the hands of individ-
uals, because it would relieve all the industrial
interests from the burden of taxation.
f- And just here, Mr. Chairman, let me add that
" this is another advantage to the whole people
growing out of my suggestion, to be derived
from direct Government agency in the devel-
opment of these mines. It is in the great
additional general prosperity which would
necessarily follow the increased production of
the precious metals. Political economists
understand this well. Allison, the eminent
English historian, attributes the wonderful
prosperity of England within twenty years to
the large accession of bullion' which it had
received from the Australian and American gold
mines. The enhanced prices of agricultural
products, oflabor.and the general prosperity of
trade and commerce within this period, are
properly attributed to this as the great stim-
ulating cause. And in our own country the
same is true to even a greater extent. Gold
was first discovered in California in 1848. At
that time commerce, manufactures, and agri-
culture were at a low condition. We had just
emerged from a war with Mexico, and the gen-
eral industry of the country was in a suspended
state. But very soon a change came over every
department of industry. Even before the
golden harvests began to be gathered in any
large quantities the influx began to be oper-
ating over prices. A fresh impulse was given
to industry, creating additional productive
energy. This was shown especially in manu-
factures. The total value of manufactures of
the whole country was—
1850. 1800.
New Ensrland  $274,741,118 S494.078.491
Middle States  432,355,745 749,123,000
Western State.-  130,031,400 376,013,942
Southern States  108.209,123 273,938,105
$1,011,337,386 $1,893,751,541
Thus showing an increase of nearly one hun-
dred per cent, within ten years, to be attrib-
uted mainly, if not altogether, to the pro-
moting causes of the additional metallic basis
furnished by the gold mines of California. A
similar increase will be found in every other
department of industry. Trade and commerce,
agriculture and manufactures, were alike ad-
vantaged by the same influences. Unlike the
stimulant which an irredeemable paper cur-
rency affords, it is of substantial and positive
benefit. It is an addition of so much real
property to the great bulk, not the demoral-
izing, artificial, and shadowy addition which
promises to pay based on hypothetical specu-
lations afford.
Mr. PRICE. If it will not interfere with
the gentleman's frame of argument, I would
like to suggest a difficulty in my mind to the
plan which he proposes. If, however, it will
at allincommode him, I will not interrupt him.
Mr. WOOD. I will hear the gentleman.
Mr. PRICE. A proposition to pay the public
debt without the issue of bonds or the pay-
ment of interest or an increase of taxation is
a magnificent proposition, and, if feasible, it is
certainly " a consummation most deyoutly to
be wished." But the difficulty in my mind—•
and I merely suggest it for the consideration of
ofthegentleman—is this: since 1847, 1848, or
1849, when gold was discovered and the mining
of it properly commenced, up to the present
time, if my information is correct, every dollar
of gold or of silver that has been obtained from
the mines of this country has cost the country
one dollar's worth of labor. Now, if that be
true, and I have never heard it disputed, and
my information is derived from those who
have lived in the mining regions and have been
conversant with mining affairs, then the Gov-
ernment under this proposition would have to
pay for one dollar's worth of labor to produce
one dollar in precious metals. In this con-
nection must be considered also the fact that
a man working for the Government will not
be likely to do any more work than he will
when he works for himself.
And then, Mr. Chairman, the other fact also
that it involves the necessity of hiring agents
for the Government and placing the matter
under the direction and control of a bureau
or a department of mining, all of which involves
the expenditure of money.
Now, if the first proposition be true, that a
dollar's worth of the precious metal has cost
a dollar's worth of labor, from the commence-
ment of mining in this country down to this
hour, and you then add to it the additional
expense of agents, overseers, superintendents,
and all that sort of thing, it strikes me that at
the end of any given number of years we would
not be much nearer out of debt than we are
now. For each day's labor must, be paid for
fully, and there is the difficulty with me.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Price] would be exceedingly sound and
altogether right if his premises were well
founded. He has reared a difficulty, based
entirely upon an imaginary condition of things.
It requires no argument to prove that the
$2,000,000,000 of gold, which, beyond any
doubt, have been procured since June, 1848,
in California, Nevada, Arizona, and the other
gold and silver bearing regions of our country
did not cost anything like thatamount in labor.
At a dollar a day all the population of all the
regions producing gold could not require that
amount during this time.
Mr. PRICE. I did not say a dollar a day
for labor. I said that each dollar's worth of
gold cost a dollar in labor.
Mr. WOOD. I did not intend to state any
figures here, though I will say I am abundantly
supplied with facts and data to meet every pos-
sible objection that can be raised to my propo-
sition. But Mr. Ross Browne, in his report
submitted to Congress in 18G5, gives the com-
parative cost of obtaining the precious metals,
in the only instance in which he was able to
obtain it. And I hope the gentleman from
Iowa will listen to what he says. Ross Browne,
who took a great deal of trouble to ascertain
the comparative cost of production, (and that
is the point to which the gentleman refers.)
says in regard to the Sierra Butte mine, one of
the largest and most extensive mines in that
part of California:
"Here is erected one of the finestmills to be found,
constructed in 1853. In nine years tliis mine made a
gross yield of $1,120,000, at a cost'of $385,000; leaving
a profit on this outlay of about two hundred per
cent."
When it is recollected that this whole indus-
try, mining, was in the rudest possible condi-
tion, without the necessary appliances and
means of production that the Government,
with its better skilled labor, its more scientific
agents, its* larger expenditure of capital, and
in the construction of improved machinery,
would have at its command, it is somewhat
wonderful that there should have been a profit
of two hundred per cent. Now, if two hun-
dred per cent, profit could be made upon that
outlay at that time and under those circum-
stances, we can, in my judgment, safely count
upon one thousand per cent, profit under the
plan I have referred to.
Mr. PRICE. Then, Mr. Chairman 
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman will excuse
me; I have not answered his other question.
The other branch of the question which the
gentleman propounds to me, if I understood
him correctly, is based upon the theory—for
it is only theory, only speculation—that it takes
so much labor and that so much time is occu-
pied to produce so "much gold; that so much
time is so much money. JDo I state the ques-
tion of the gentleman correctly?
Mr. PRICE. Very fairly, sir.
Mr. WOOD. Take the population of the
western States and Territories; put every man
of them at work in the mines, and keep them
at work as long as this gold has been being
mined, and if you pay them the amount of
gold that has been produced, it will be found*
to amount to at least ten dollars a day. When
the gentleman recollects that the main produc-
tions of California are agricultural and not min-
eral, he will see how utterly fallacious are his
doctrine. There are portions of that State that
are richer in agricultural capacity than any
thing we have iti the Atlantic States. It was
stated here the other day, and stated correctly,
that the Genesee valley, which at one time
furnished grain and flour for New England,
now obtains its hreadstuffs from California.
That shows that labor will always go where it
will command the best returns.
Why, sir, if the gentleman's theory were
correct there would be no mining productions
whatever, because the men would not be there
to do the mining. They could make more
elsewhere.
Mr. PRICE. Now, Mr. Chairman, if the
gentleman from New York will yield to me for
a moment I think I can show what seems to
me to be a very great fallacy in his argument.
Because a certain mill or mine at a certain
place has made two hundred per cent, on its
investment, the gentleman argues that the whole
mining country—millions of acres which, in
his own words, are lying waste, have never
yet been trodden by the foot of the white man—
will necessarily and consequently yield at the
same rate. What I stated was that the mining
operations of the country, as conducted bv
individual enterprise, energy and industrv. have
not produced from 1848 till the present hour
more than one dollar's worth of gold for every
dollar's worth of labor expended. I said fur-
ther, that my information on this point was
derived from gentlemen conversant with oper-
ations in the mining regions and understanding
thoroughly this subject.
Now, the gentleman has himself answered
a part of his argument in staling that the Gen-
esee valley is to-day receiving wheat from the
wheat fields of California. Why? Because trie
men who went from the Atlantic seaboard fi
California for the purpose of mining have found
that agricultural pursuits pay better, and have
turned their attention in that direction. It is
a part of the history of the country that men
who have gone to California for the purpose of
mining have turned their attention to agricul-
ture, because the latter is more remunerative.
, ^ hile upon the floor I wish to say just a
word in reference to another argument of the
gentleman.
