S844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July %
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
For°tho completion of the custom-house unrt post
office building at, Ogdensburg, New York, $-10,000,
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concnrrence.
Mr. HULBURD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
express the hope and belief that this House
will concur in the amendment of the Senate.
The Department recommends this appropria-
tion as necessary, and this as the requisite
amount.
I wish to say to the House and to the gen-
tleman from Illinois. [Mr. Washisurnk.] who
objects that it is " Monsieur Tonson come
again" when these appropriations are brought
before the House, this does not come within
that objection, for it is its lirst appearance, at
all events. This appropriation was recom-
mended before the late war, but it was sus-
pended during the war with the consent of the
inhabitants there. It has been revived now,
and this additional amount seems to be requi-
site partly and mostly in consequence of the
advanced price of labor and material. It is
intended for a custom-house and a post offiee,
and is much needed. Theie has been a slight
change of plan to accommodate the United
States court and tlic internal revenue depart-
ment in that district. There is the utmost pro-
priety this appropriation asked for should be
made. It will complete the building this year.
If this appropriation is withheld the building
must be stopped where it is. 1 therefore hope,
under all the circumstances, the House will
concur in the amendment of the Senate. It is
predicated upon the interests of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. All I have
to say is that this is a lirst-Tate chance to get rid
of §40.000. As wo have just voted $'20,000 to
Bangor to save a foundation, I suppose the
House will vote this §40,000. It will only be
a little more of burden to put upon the people.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
twenty eight, noes not counted.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Insert:
1'or heating apparatus foi custom-houses and other
public buildings, fSo.OOO. For vaults and safes for
depositaries, $25,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
Insert:
For completion of the branch mult building at
Carson City. Nevada, fencing the giouuds, and foi
machinery, fixture?, and apparatus, and lor putting
UP the same, $150,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concnrrenee.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. Mr. Speaker,
in speaking in favor of concurrence with the
Senate amendment, I do so in no partisan
spirit, but outof'consideration for the interests
of the whole country. That a mint should be
established at Nevada was conceded several
years ago. Before that time the mines there
■were producing only six or eight million dol-
lars. Now the production has increased more
than one hundred per cent. An appropriation
of 5100,000 was made for the purpose of es-
tablishing a branch mint at Carson. The mines
within fifteen miles have been largely ex-
tended. It could not be expected that a mint
could be built for §100,000. It would never
have been expected that appropriation was a
final one, and a mint could be built for that.
There is produced within fifteen miles of that
branch mint now completed up to the rooffing,
$10,000,000 a year. The exportation of
$16,000j000 every year from there is of vast
advantage to all the people of the United
States. If it be not desired to have it minted,
it would be a great convenience to the people
to have the bars of silver marked, and to have
that mark received as authoritative in its
value. This appropriation of 8150,000 will
finish the building fitted for the purposes of this
branch mint. Now, 1 think this is really deserv-
ing of consideration. Perhaps this Ilouse may
notagreeupon thatamouut: but I maintain thfit
something is required, and I think $150,000 is
little enough.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
gentleman come before the committee of con-
ference.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I will leave it
to the House : but I hope if the House should
not concur in the amendment that it, will re-
ceive the favorable consideration of the com-
mittee of conference.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
Insert the following:
Mining:
For collecting statistics of mines and mining, $5,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non concurrence.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. This is sjmply
for a continuation of the collection of satistics,
such as Ross Browne has been engaged in fur-
nishing for the last two years, and upon which
he has made such elaborate reports. The
Secretary of the Treasury has named a gentle-
man who is reported to be entirely capable and
efficient to continue that collection. Now, sir,
our mining interest is of great value to this
country. It furnishes us §80,000,000 which
can be used as circulating medium, and which
helps us in our exchange with the world. In
that view the product of our mines is of great
importance.
Now, there is no nccessily for this amend-
ment going to a committee oi conference.
Members of the Ilouse know just as well now
as they can at any other time whether they are
willing to appropriate $5,000 a year lor this
purpose. We appropriate §700,000 a year for
the Agricultural Department. It, strikes me
this is a very moderate request for the con-
tinuing of the collection ot mining statistics.
I am not so very anxious about this now,
because up to this time we are very well satis-
fied with the reports that we have received.
But §5,000 a year is a comparatively insignifi-
cant sum for such an important national object,
and it strikes me it is false economy t,o strike
out this appropriation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.^ The Com-
mittee 011 Appropriations thought it was about
time to put an end to this practice of making
appropriations of specific sums to these vari-
ous matters. Now, we have appropriated a
large sum for Ross Browne's report, lie has
made a very thorough examination of the sub-
ject, and we supposed it was pretty much
exhausted.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirtieth amendment:
Insert the following: _
For expenses of receiving, arranging, and taking
care of copyright books, charts, and other copy-
right matter, jil.SOO, to bo paid out of the Patent
OUice tuud.
The Committee 011 Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-first amendment:
In=ert after the words "Forrepairingandfinishin?
the Capitol extension, $100,000," the following:
Provided, 'i'iiat no improvements, alterations, or
repairs of the Capitol buildiDg shall be made except
by direction and under the supervision of the archi-
tect of the Capitol extension: and the architect of
the Capitol, under tho direction of the Committee on
Public Buildines and Grounds of the two Houses of
Congress, is hereby authorized and directed to remove
tho bronze doors in the southern wing of the Capitol,
temporarily to some position where they will be safe
from injury.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence, with an amendment striking
out all after the word "extension."
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to ; and the amendment of the Senate, as
amended, was concurred in.
Thirty-second amendment:
Insert the following:
]?or heating tie rotunda, the old Hall of the Hause
of Representatives, and the offices and the stairways
oonnected therewith, $15,008.
The Committee 011 Appropriations recom-
mend non concurrence.
The amendment was non-conearred in.
Thirty third amendment:
Insert the following:
For painting the extenor of the eastern portion of
city hall in Washington, $1,400. . ,
for resetting steps, calking cornice and painting,
*'p<>r repairing rough casting and other plastering,
$100
For repairs to tin roof and rain spouts, 8200.
For sundry brick and carpenter's work, £350.
For renovating and ventilating court-room, 8400;
Provided, That the corporate authorities of the city
, of Washington appropriate and expend a like sum
for painting and repairs of the western portion OI
said building.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-fourth amendment:
Strike out "$10,000" and insert "$15,000;" so as to
ren d:
For continuing the work on the north front of the
Patent Office building, and for improving G stieet
from Seventh to Ninth streets, $15,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, and thirty-seventh
amendments :
In lines four hundred and twenty-six, four hundred
and twenty-seven, and four hundred and tweoty-
eight, strike out "eightdollars" and insert " two ve
dollar? strike out "seven dollars " and insert "ten
dollars:" and strike out "$25,000" and insert
"$•£0,000;" so that the clause will read:
For [surveying tho public lands in Colorado, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal mile for
standard lines, twelve dollars for township, and ten
dollars for section lines, $10,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
Thirty-eighth amendment:
Insert after line four hundred and twenty-eight,
the following:
For surveying theboundary line between the State
of Nebraska and Territory of Colorado, aud that
portion of the western boundary of the State of Ne-
braska embraced betwe< n the forty-first and lorty-
third degiees of latitude, estimated three hundred
and twenty miles, at not exceeding filteen dollars
per mile, $4,800: to be expended under the direction
ot the Commissioner of the General Land Officc.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-ninth amendment:
In line four hundred andforty, strikeout"$20,000"
and insert "$50,000;" so that the clause will read:
Forsurveying the public lands in Nevada, at rates
not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal mile for
standard lines, twelve dollars for township, and ten
dollars for section lines, $50,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fortieth amendment:
In line four hundred and forty-eight, strike out
"$30,000" and insert "$50,000;" so that tho clause
will read;
For surveying the public lands in California, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollarsx>er lineal mile for
standard lines, twelve dollars for township, and ten
dollars for section lines, $50,000,
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-first amendment:
In lino four hundred and fifty-two, strike out
"$^5,000" and insert "$-10,000;" so that the clause
will read:
For surveying the public lands in Oregon, at rates
not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal mile for
standard lines, twelve dollars for township, and tea
dollars for section lines, $40,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-second amendment:
Insert after clause last amended the following ;
Provided, That out of this appropriation the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office maypay a sum
not exceeding $1,000 for surveys of last year.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was aon-CQncarred, in.
