296
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
Ho. oit1 Reps.
Pacific Railroad Freight Tariff—Mr. Washburn.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Mr. PRICE. Has the Gorernment given
one dollar more of subsidy to the road on that
route than it would have been obliged to give
had the road been built on the other route?
. Mr.WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Yes, sir;
but suppose it had not, that would not help you
any; because, had you built one hundred miles
of road west, you would have joined the Pacific
road forty-five miles further wpst than you now
do. This Sioux City Railroad Company is
practically a private company, and is no more
a Pacific railroad than the Illinois Central; and
what business had the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to appropriate to this company $16,000 a
mile within the limits pf Iowa, on the pre-
tense of building a Pacific raijroad,when, as I
have asserted, after building sixty-eight miles,
they are twenty-four miles further from the
Pacific ocean than when they started? Thus
the Government has paid, or will pay, a sub-
sidy of $1,200,000 to build a piivate road in
the State of Iowa which is in no sense a Pacific
railroad.
I am not familiar with this country. I have
never lived in Nebraska; I never set foot in
that State; bat I say that the Congress never
could have contemplated such a grant as has
been conceded to these parties by somebody; I
do not know who. I see the gentleman from
Nebraska [Mr. Taffb] sitting near me. I do
not know how long he has lived in Nebraska,
but I presume hp has lived there long enough
to be somewhat familiar with the nature of the
country there. I will ask liim to state to the
House whether it is practicable to build a road
from Sioux City on anything like a direct line
to connect with the Paeilic railroad?
Mr. TAFFE. I have lived in Nebraska for
about twelve years, and have a general acquaint-
ance with the country through which such a
road would have passed. I have lived oppo-
site Sioux City for aboutseven years. Of course
I do_ not propose, by mere assertion, to con-
tradict professional statements of fact made
bj; engineers ; but, from my general knowledge
of the conntry, I have no hesitancy in saying
that there is a practicable route for a railroad
from Sioux City to Columbus, and a good route;
and this I say in opposition to any published
report of any engineer who professes to have
examined this route.
And let me state further: the engineer's
report, which I have seen and read, and which
I believe was made to a party who has an
interest in that road, stales that the engineer
has examined every ravine and creek iiom
Sioux City down to the Omaha reservation ;
and then it goes on to make some general
statements about the character of the country.
Now, so far as that is eonccrned, I will say
that there is not a ravine and only one creek
between Sioux City and the Omaha reserva-
tion. I state that from a personal knowledge
of the country, acquired by a seven years' resi-
dence there.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I state
from information from reliable gentlemen who
have resided for years between Sioux City and
Columbus, Nebraska, that the route for a rail-
road between these points is an excellent one,
and entirely practicable to the point of intersec-
tion with the main Pacific railroad at Columbus
or any point east of it. I have no doubt it was for
the interest of these parties to build a road down
the valley of the Missouri river, over dead level
ground, and obtain a subsidy of §10,000 per
mile, together with a grant of land, so as to en-
able them to intersect with another road of
theirs running west from Cedar Rapids; but,
sir, it is a violation of law and a fraud upon the
people of the United States. I do not call atten-
tion to this with the expectation of remedying
anything that has already been done. Our land
is gone and money spent, and there is no help
for it. The Secretary of the Treasury issues to a
railroad company, in no sense a Pacific rail-
road company, $1,GOO,000 in Government
bonds, in direct and positive violation of the
law. The Secretary of the Interior certifies to
the same company a vast body of land, equally
without law, and the people are, I fear, with-
out remedy. If they may issue $1,600,000
without law, why not $100,000,000 ? I advert
to the matter now for the purpose of urging
upon Congress, in the future, when disposing
of various railroad schemes (for such in great
numbers and in great power are afoot, and some
already before Congress) to be more guarded.
It is safe to say that $125,000,000 in additional
bonds will not satisfy present demands. The
fact is, yqu can never satisfy these railroad lobby-
ists. Their cry isstill "give,give." The more
you give the more they demand. Increase of
appetite grows by what it feeds upon.
in speaking of this Sioux City outrage I
have been a long way diverted from the main
line of what 1 intended to say, but before leav-
ing it I wish to call attention to what seems to
me another outrage of a kindred nature to
this. I now allude to a miscalled Pacific rail-
road in California, running from Sacramento
City, via Stockton, to San Jose, a road one
hundred and twenty miles in length, starting
from the navigable waters of the Sacramento
river, and running upon a very indirect route,
not to San Francisco, but to a point not on
the Pacific or the navigable waters connecting
with the Pacific, but the inland town of San
Jos6.
Now, let us see under what law this road,
called the Western Pacific railroad, from Sac-
ramento city to San Jose, has been built.
Under the first Pacific railroad act, passed in
1802, in the ninth section, it is provided that—■
"The Central Pacific Railroad Company of Califor-
nia, a corporation existing under the laws of the
State of California, arc hereby aulhorized to con-
struct a railroad and telegraph line from tlic Pacific
coast, at or near Hfin Francisco or the navigable
waters of theSacrainento river, to tliceastern bound-
ary of California," &c.
Now, here was an alternative proposition,
to build either from or near San Francisco or
the navigable waters of the Sacramento river.
They adopted the latter alternative, and com-
menced their road at Sacramento City, on the
navigable waters of the Sacramento river, and
that is the starting-point of the Central rail-
road of California; but,, by a strange kind of
sleight-of-hand, another company, chartered
by the State of California, claiming to have
an assignment from the Central Pacific, pro-
ceeds to build a road from Sacramento, via
Stockton, to San Jos6, not on the waters of the
Pacific, a distance of one hundred and twenty
miles, and receiving a subsidy of $1,920,000,
besides a large giant of land. The right un-
der which this is done, it is claimed, is an act
of Congress passed March 3, 18G5. That act
professes to give no greater right to this West-
ern Pacific than was given to the Central
Pacific, and as the Central Pacific never "had
the right to build a railroad from Sacramento
to San Jose, and if it had it had waived it
when it adopted for its starting-point the navi-
gable waters of the Sacramento river, then it
may safely be said that the subsidies given to
this road are in violation of law. I say what
I do on this subject only to call attention more
forcibly to where we are drifting, and to poiut
out the dangers that so constantly beset us.
Now, sir, to return to the jsoint from which I
was diverted. I was then detailirfg in brief some
of the provisions of the original Pacific rail-
road bill, passed in 1882. By section sixteen
of the act (to which point I had reached) it is
provided that all railroad companies named in
the act, or any two, are authorized to consoli-
date and form themselves into one company.
Under this section the following-named roads
may, and probably at no distant day will, be
consolidated into one vast corporation, wield-
ing a capital greater than was ever consoli-
dated on the face of the earth, exercising a
power that will successfully defy all legislative
control; a power that will make and unmake
Presidents, Senators, members of Congress,
Governors, Legislatures, and judicial officers of
States, and endanger the libertiesof the people ;
a power that can and will force every interest
of the country to pay it tribute as the price of
its existence. The companies thus authorized
to consolidate are the Union Pacific railroad,
the Leavenworth, Pawnee and Western Rail-
road Company, or what is known as the East-
ern Division, the Hannibal and St. Joseph
road, the Sioux City railroad, the Central Pa-
cific railroad of California, and, by subsequent
act, the Burlington and Missouri River road,
and Western Pacific. By section seventeen it
was provided that if the companies failed to
comply with the act that the roads should be
forfeited to the United States, and that on a
part of the road twenty-five per cent, and on
the rest fifteen per cent, of the bonds were not
to be delivered until the roads were completed.
By section eighteen, after the net earnings
should exceed ten per cent., exclusive of five
per cent, reserved to pay the United States,
or, in other words, after the net earnings should
exceed fifteen per cent, per annum, Congress
reserved the right to fix the rates of fare by
law; but in the same section Congress reserved
the right to alter, amend, or repeal the act,
due regard being had to the rights of said com-
panies.
I have thus, in as brief a manner as possible,
gone through and stated the main conditions
of the first Pacific railroad act. It was regarded
as liberal beyond precedent at the time, pro-
viding, as it did, for a gift outright of a vast
body of land and a loan of over sixty million
dollars, with no greater security than what the
Government had itself furnished the means of
offering, and, indeed, far less.
Though the act was carelessly drawn some
regard appears to have been had for the inter-
ests of the Government, and the following
provisions were made for the public security:
1. The Government was to have a first mort-
gage on the road to secure its advances.
2. Twenty-five per cent, of the bonds on a
part of the line and fifteen on the rest were to
be reserved until the road was completed.
3. The price for the transportation of Got-
ernment freight and passengers was to be ap-
plied in liquidation of the bonds, and five per
cent, of the net earnings were also to be set
aside for the same purpose.
4. The amount of stock held by any one man
was limited to two hundred shares.
Parties were not long found wanting to avail
themselves of this act.
It lias already been seen that to complete
the organization it only required two thousand
shares to be subscribed, and one per cent, on
a dollar, or $20,000, paid in to perfect the or-
ganization. Parties were ready and prompt to
act and obtain control and cut out the public,
in violation of what was contemplated in the
act naming a large number of corporators in
all parts of the country. The organization
being completed, what was next to be done?
Go on and build the road ? Not a bit of it.
With the first grant secured—a grant worth
untold millions—instead of proceeding to build
the road, this Union Pacific, before spending
a dollar in building the road, or, as I believe,
in moving ashovelfull of earth, came down upon
Congress—
"Like the wolf on the fold,
And their cohorts were gleaming with purple and
gold,"
and in 1SG4 succeeded in securing the passage
of an act to wipe out every provision made in
the original act for the security of the public.
Of the manner by which said last act was
passed I care not to speak. It is of the act
itself that I speak. Who voted for this
amended act it is impossible to ascertain, as
the record shows that alt attempts to obtain
the ayes and noes on its final passage failed.
We know this,, that every interest of the people
that was guarded in the first act was sacrificed
in the second. We know that the security of the
Government was subordinated to a first mort-
gage amounting to over sixty million dollars,
that the reseivation of any part of the bonds
