298
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
Ho. op Reps.
Pacific Railroad Freight Tariff—Mr. Washburn.
40th CoT-re.... 2i> Sess.
Such are the grades of this Pacific road as
determined by their own engineers. The al-
most impassable mountains of which "Path-
finders" and others give such marvelous ac
counts, when brought to the unerring test of
the engineer's level dwindle into insignifi-
cance; and I think I can safely assert here
that there is no sixteen hundred^ miles of road
running in any given direction in the United
States that show such easy grades as from
Omaha to the line of California. There was
much difficulty in determining where the base
of the Rocky mountains was, but it was finally
determined in the level valley of the Platte
river at Crow Creek Crossing, and from that
point to the summit of the mountains the
distance is only between thirty-one and thirty-
two miles, although we give them a subsidy of
$48,000 per mile for one hundred and lifty
miles at this point of the road.
Mr. DODGE. I desire to state to the gen-
tleman that the report to which he refers only
reaches the California State line. It does not
show the grade over the heavy mountain ranges
in crossing to the Pacific.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That is
true. This report purports to give the line of
the road from Omaha to the eastern line of
California. But that part of the road over the
Sierra Nevada belongs to another road—the
Central Pacific railroad. I have not the grades
of that road. In looking over their report I do
not see that they state them, but I see this, that
they claim and receive a subsidy from Gov-
ernment of $48,000 per mile within seven
miles of Sacramento.
Now, I am not speaking against any road;
I am speaking purely in the interest of the pub-
lic; but knowing that there is to be but one
Pacific railroad for some length of time I say
that unless we place a restriction upon it now
it will becomea stupendous monopoly, and one
that all the people of the country will have
occasion to regret. I give this as my deliber-
ate opinion. These people say, "All we ask
is to be let alone." But, sir, I am willing to
let them alone only when the road will consent
to a restriction such as I propose. 1 am not
particular that it should be put on to take effect
now ; if it can take effect when the road is fin-
ished, so that the public may have the benefit
of it then that is sufficient.
Now, sir, 1 have asserted that this road can
nearly or quite be built with the Government
subsidy. The first five hundred miles are nearly
a dead level. I am assured by gentlemen who
have traveled over the route that up to the
base of the Rocky mountains it is a dead level,
so that the sleepers are laid down for miles and
miles on the naked soil without any grading,
only a ditch on each side.
Mr. DODGE. I do not see how it can be a
dead level when the rise from the Missouri
river to the base of the mountains is five
thousand feet.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. When I
say a dead level 1 should say that the average
rise from the Missouri up the valley of the
Platte, a distance of five hundred miles, is
about ten feet per mile. They lay the sleepers
down on the bare sod, and there is very little
grading.
Mr. DODGE. I undertake to say that the
sleepers are not laid on the bare sod, and I
see gentlemen here who have some knowl-
edge oil the subject who will say that it is one
of the best built roads m the United States.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. 1 have
not disputed that fact. I do not say that they
lay their sleepers on the bare sod to detract at
all from the road. I believe they have been
doing the work very well. Doctors will disa-
gree. Some very able railroad men tell me it is
better, where it is level and requires no grading,
to lay the sleepers on the bare sod. 1 am not
undertaking to decide that question. I merely
state what 1 understand and believed to be the
fact, that tho country is so level that all they
had to.do for many miles was to lay down the
sleepers on the sod, and if they arc not so lard
it is not because the ground requires to bo
graded.
Now, certainly there can be very little grad-
ing, atall events, for the first five hundred miles.
Gentlemen can figure for themselves, and tell
me how much per mile the road would cost
built in this level valley of the Platte. A mile
of iron (it is very light iron, fifty-six pounds to
the yard) will cost about eight thousand dol-
lars laid down at Omaha; and two thousand
five hundred ties for a mile, at two dollars
apiece, a very high price, would cost $5,000 a
mile; the ties and iron would cost perhaps
$13,000 a mile, and you may throw m what-
ever you please for grading and bridging; but
suppose we allow you $30,000 a mile to build
the road up the Platte valley over nearly dead
level ground, which is a great deal more than
it can cost, and where d® we stand?
Let me remind you here that from what they
call the base of the Rocky mountains the com-
pany receives $48,000 per mile for one hundred
and fifty miles, and from that distance to the
eastern slope of the Sierra Nevada, a distance
of about eight hundred miles, $32,000 per
mile ; and I will say that I am informed by gen-
tlemen who know that this eight hundred mile
stretch has few heavy grades and follows the
line of water-courses a large part of the way.
There cannot be a shadow of doubt that your
subsidy in bonds will nearly or quite build and
equip the road, for this part of the line at
least, with the vast grant of lands thrown in.
Now, sir, what security has the Government
for the repayment of this money or the people
that the monopoly you have created will not
be wielded for their oppression? Absolutely
none. You say that the company is bound to
pay the bonds in thirty years, and as security
you have a second mortgage. That is true.
But suppose they do not pay? Then there is
ahead of this mortgage a first mortage of
$60,000,000. That mortgage will be foreclosed
as soon as the roads are fairly completed, and
the whole thing will be bought in and the roads
operated by other organizations. The experi-
ence of all other railroad companies justifies
nie in saying this. The Government, of course,
will not pay off the first mortgage, for that will
represent all the road actually cost. It will
be sold and pass to other hands, and Govern-
ment will be left out entirely. The obligation
which the present company is under to apply
the price of carrying one half of tho Govern-
ment freight in liquidating the interest on these
bonds will be wiped out with the foreclosure,
and the Government will be left with absolutely
nothing to show forits untold millions of dollars
and acres.
My object, as will be seen, is to point out
these dangers now and apply the remedy before
it is too late, for I need not tell you that after
we shall have issued these companies $00,000,-
000 bonds and their roads are completed the
people will seek in vain for any legislation that
is opposed by these companies. 1 have already
indicated what I desiie, and that is to establish
a perpetual board, whose duty it shall be to fix
an annual tariff for these roads.
It may be said that under section eighteen
of the original charter we have no right to do
it until the earnings exceed ten per cent, of the
cost of the road, and five per cent, to be re-
served under that act as a sinking fund. But
the act of 1864, under which these companies
are acting, and through which they derive these
vast and practically unsecured subsidies, for-
tunately contained a provision that that act
might be altered, amended, or repealed at
pleasure. But, sir, I would have no objection
to the parties who put their money in this great
enterprise receiving ten percent., and more.
1 think they ought to ; but when they so contrive
matters as to evade this provision and give
themselves forty or fifty per cen t. on the money
the Government has furnished it is necessary
that they should be exposed. I have already
said that this road could be built for the Gov-
ernment subsidy, and I reiterate that, provided
it is built as other roads are built, by contract-
ing with the lowest bidder. To make the road
cost the stockholders no more than absolutely
necessary, and at the same time to make it rep-
resent a nominal cost that would relieve the
stockholders from the appearance of not put-
ting in money of their own, and also to relieve
them from the ten per cent, dividend proposi-
tion, they resort to a device unheard of before
in this country.
The stockholders in the Pacific road are few
in number. They could easily have made a
contract with themselves for the building of
the road, without bids or advertisements of
any kind. They could have agreed to have
paid themselves one or two hundred thousand
per mile, swelled the nominal cost to such a
figure as to neutralize the ten per cent, proviso
in regard to earnings. But would such a trans-
action have been regarded as an honest or legiti-
mate and straightforward one, and binding on
the Government? Clearly not. Would a trans-
action which amounts to precisely the same
thing, arrived at in an indirect manner, be any
more honorable and straightforward or bind-
ing on the Government? Instead of contract-
ing for the construction of the road as all other
roads have been built, what do they do? A,
B, C, and D are the stockholders of the com-
pany. A, B, C, and D, under a charter from
the State of Pennsylvania, organize themselves
into a company called the Credit Mobilier of
America. A, B, C, and D, stockholders, enter
into a contract with the Credit Mobilier to
build this road at fabulous prices, and the
Credit Mobilier lets out the contract at the
lowest figure at which the road can be built,
making a clear profit of the difference between
the price at which the contract is taken and
the price actually paid to those who do the
work, a sum, I am assured, that will not fall
short of many, many millions of dollars. It
will readily be seen from this that the company
practically contracts with itself to build the
road, and that the enormous figures they ex-
hibit as repiesenting the cost of the road are
absolutely fictitious.
Let me now call your attention to one other
fact. The company say here in their report
that they have contracted to build nine hun-
dred and fourteen miles of the road at §08,000
per mile, $f>,000 of which is to be in rolling
stock. Well, for the present, suppose that it
will cost §30,000 per mile to build the first five
hundred miles of the road, the level part of it up
the Platte; that will leave their contractor,
whoever he may be, $116,962 per mile for the
remaining four hundred and fourteen miles,
a sum which no man in his senses will pre-
tend to say it actually can cost, or anything
approaching it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the gentleman will
yield to me, I desire to inquire of the Chair
how much time the gentleman has left of his
hour?
The SPEAKER. Eight minutes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the gen-
tleman's time be extended for fifteen minutes.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
! Mr. 1I1GBY. I will not object, provided
i time is given to others to speak upon this sub-
i ject.
I Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Certainly;
i I do not propose now to call the previous ques-
j tion. I want this subject to be fully discussed,
j and I want particularly to hear from my friend
jj from California, [Mr. Higby.]
ij No objeciion being made, the time of Mr.
■j Washburn, of Wisconsin, was extended for
M fifteen minutes.
;| Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
! stated Unit (he Government has actually no se-
ll curity ; that in my judgment these bonds never
il will be paid by these companies. I make this
