2822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jun©3>
public has already been called to it in the pub-
liepress, and iu so many other and various ways.
In the first place, however, the tax is so much
oat of proportion to the cost of the article that
the inducements to fraud are such as were
never before presented to the people of this
country, or perhaps any other country. If a
man engaged in the distillation of whisky can
succeed in getting to market without the pay-
ment of tax one barrel out of every five that
he manufactures he is enabled to make money;
and if, manufacturing much whisky, he is able
to evade the payment of tax on one barrel out
of every three he is soon able to build up a
fortune. Where, then, such immense interests
are involved combinations are formed for the
purpose of evading the law. Thus has grown
up what is commonly denominated, both here
and elsewhere, " the whisky ring," which seems
at least exerting a very great influence upon the
financial condition of the country.
Now, sir, my proposition is that if we will
reduce the tax on whisky to such a point that
the inducements to evade the law will not be
great, while the penalties of evasion would
absorb the profits of a very considerable length
of time, so that the risk would ) e much greater
than the inducements to fraud, there will be
no more difficulty in collecting these taxes by
the means heretofore used than there has been
in collecting the revenue from customs, or in
collecting the taxes upon other commodities
taxable in this bill.
I argue, therefore, that to reduce the tax on
whisky is to reduce some of the strongest ob-
jections to the present condition of things
pertaining to the internal revenue, and to
which our distinguished chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck]
referred in opening the debate on this question
on Monday last. I know that there issome
discussion, and much difference of opinion,
if we shall reduce the tax on whisky, as to the
extent to which that tax shall be reduced.
But that is a question which I do not now pro-
pose to discuss at any great length ; I refer to
it only incidentally.
My own inclination is to reduce the tax on
whisky to fifty cents a gallon. I am not fixed
in that inclination, however, and will vote for
a greater or a less sum, according to the pecu-
liar condition the question may hereafter as-
sume, and be governed to some extent by the
temper of the House at the time the vote may
be taken. But under no circumstances will I
favor a higher rate of taxation than seventy'
five cents a gallon, as at present advised.
Believing, therefore, as I do, that the diffi-
culties which surround the collection of our
internal taxes do not result from the manner
of collecting them—that is, from the machinery
of the office of internal revenue—but from the
unwise manner in which.they have been levied
by the laws of Congress, I do not think it is
necessary to attempt so radical a change as is
here proposed in an attempt to obviate those
difficulties.
I concede that there is much embarrassment
resulting from some of the complications re-
ferred to by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means in his opening speech,
resulting from the differences between the
President and the Secretary of the Treasury
to some extent upon the one side, and the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue and the
Senate of the United States on the other side,
upon the subject of appointments. But that
difficulty is greatly enhanced by this whisky
ring, to which reference has been made here.
If we can succeed in breaking that ring, in
destroying it, I think much of these difficulties
will be removed; because, I take it, the influ-
ence of that ring, of that combination, is felt
everywhere in the matter of the appointments
and removals of internal revenue officers, when-
ever its interests seem to be involved. Perhaps
the influence is generally imperceptible to and
indirect upon most of the persons upon whom
it is brought to bear, but it is none the less
efficient and pervading.
I hope these difficulties are but temporary ;
and I think it unnecessary to attempt so great
a change in the organization in the internal
revenue office to meet them. I take it that
in the next presidential election some one will
succeed, some one will be able to command a
majority of the votes of the American people;
and in view of our past experience I take it
that the minority will submit—submit grace-
fully, too, I hope—to the will of that majority,
whatever it may be, and however it may be
expressed.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like my friend
from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] to indicate who
he supposes that successful man will be.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ana not discussing par-
ticularly that branch of the question.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask it only as a matter
of curiosity.
Mr. NIBLACK. Well, I feel quite assured
in my own mind that the successful candidates
will not be the two worthy gentlemen nomin-
ated at Chicago a few days ago. The coming
man, I think, is yet to be nominated.^
I take it, therefore, that these difficulties
will in some way be settled by the next presi-
dential election. That election is but four or
five months distant. And this difficulty, result-
ing from the nomination of a class of men to
office who cannot be confirmed after they are
nominated, will be removed. The Senate of
the United States, I take it, if the result of that
election is adverse to them, will yield grace-
fully to the verdict of the American people;
and if, on the contrary, the people of the
United States shall decide that the man whose
political principles are in accord with those of
the Senate shall be President of the United
States, then, of course, there will be nothing
remaining about which there can be any diffi-
culty in this respect.
Therefore I think it unwise to endeavor in this
way to meet a difficulty which can be so easily
solved as this will be by the result of the now
pending presidential election, and the future
judgment of the American people as expressed
at that election. I believe that no gentleman
in this House or elsewhere can be more dis-
gusted than I am with much that is being done
at this time in this matter of Federal appoint-
ments. It is not in a satisfactory condition to
anybody except a few gentlemen who succeed
in receiving, by some means or other, and in
getting confirmed to good fat offices. The class
of men I allude to too often succeed in the pres-
ent condition of things, in deceiving gentlemen
at both ends of the avenue. They first prac
tice deception in too many cases upon the
President to get his nomination, and then they
practice the same sort of deception upon the
Senate in order to get confirmed to that office.
And it is too often the case, when they once
reach that point, that they deceive everybody,
both the President and Senate, as well as their
mutual friends. No wonder, then, that many
of the gentlemen who are able to pass this
ordeal do steal a little after they get into office,
for men who lie and deceive to get office do
not have a great way to go when they commit
frauds and peculations upon the Government
after they do get office. This condition of
things is exceptional, and, I hope, temporary ;
and i do not think we are called upon to meet
it by legislation in view of the result I have
mentioned of the election by the people this
coming fall.
There is another thing to which the gentle
man from New York [Mr. Wood] alluded a
short time ago, which I think is true^ that if
not in the letter it is in the spirit in violation
of the provision of the Constitution which
provides that all other officers not otherwise
provided for in that instrument shall be filled
by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate.
"But the Congress may by law vest the appoint-
ment of sueh interior officers as they think proper in
the President alone, in tho courts of law, or in tho
heads of Departments."
Now, the plain intent and meaning of this
provision is, in my judgment, that none but
inferior officers shall be appointed by the heads
officers, would not embrace a large number of
those provided for in this tax bill.
Every officer connected with this branch of
the public service is charged with more or less
important duties, and some of them with the
most important that can be exercised_ under
Government touching the business relations of
its citizens. Assessors and collectors are, to
some extent, not responsible to the courts of
law for what they do. In other words, that
remark may apply to everybody connected with
the assessment and collection of internal taxes;
for there is a provision in this bill which I will
not read, but to which I will attract the atten-
tion of the committeej that you cannot, by
injunction sued out from the courts, restrain
these officers from the collection of the tax.
They can proceed in their own way, in such
manner as suits them, and collect such amount
as may be assessed under the forms of law
upon citizens of the United States. Citizens
are restrained from appeal to the courts ; and
the only remedy they have is to apply to have
them refunded after _ they have been paid into
the Treasury, provided they can make out
proper cases of relief. There is no remedy in
the courts. The courts are restrained. That
is one of the provisions in the bill.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Does the gentleman thmk
that is constitutional ?
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not propose to discuss
that now, but it is a provision which strikes
me as certainly a very important one. It cer-
tainly is when you come to take into considera-
tion the vast powers committed to this class of
public officers. As was well said by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,] these
officers have power to invade the privacy of
domestic life. They can require the produc-
tion of books and papers of the most private
kind. All our business relations are more or
less at their mercy.
Mr. HULLINS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. NIBLACK. Yes, sir.
Mr. MULLINS. This Commissioner of
Internal Revenue is charged with the collection
of the revenue; why, then, not give him per-
fect authority to control it?
Mr. NIBLACK. Well, sir, I was about
coming to that. I hope 1 will answer the gen-
tleman before I get through. The revenue
which these officers are charged with collecting
is great, and it affects almost every business in
the country. This question of tax is one of
the most important, embarrassing, and absorb-
ing questions of the day, and it must continue
to be so, in the present condition of affairs, for
many years. There is no class of officers who
are brought so constantly in contact with the
great mass of people as these tax-gatherers,
clothed as they are with these extraordinary
powers.
If therefore it was necessary to have reserved
to the Senate of the United States a super-
visory power over nominations and appoint-
ments in certain cases, I contend thai cases
arising under this bill are eminently cases for
the consideration of that body, I have the
opinion furthermore that if these appointments
are to be vested in the head of a Department,
especially appointments so important as these,
the head of that Department ought to be one
of the strongest men in any department of the
Government, and ought to be a member of the
President's Cabinet, as much certainly as any
gentleman at the head of any other Depart-
ment, not even excepting the Secretary of the
Treasury or any other officer.
Mr. ISLDIUDGE. If the gentleman will
allow me, and if it will not disturb the course
of his remarks, I would iike to inquire whether
this bill does in fact continue the present Com-
missioner in office under the provisions of law
as they now exist, so that the President cannot
remove him without the concurrence of the
Senate ?
Mr. NIBLACK. I will allude to that in the
course of my remarks.
