1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
40tii Cong. ... 2d Ses
Pacific Railroad Freight Tariff—Mr. Washburn.
Ho. oi? Reps.
statement from what I know of the history of
other railroads.
And I will state, further, that the security for
the first mortgage Pacific railroad bonds is the
most perfect security ever offered by any rail-
road company. That is so ; there is no doubt
of that fact. It could not be otherwise, for we
expended $60,000,000 to make them so, and
have allowed these companies to establish a
thoroughfare with enormous privileges which
i undertake to say will be the greatest thorough-
fare in the world. No man in this House who
hears my voice to-day can comprehend the ex-
tent of the business which will be done over
that road. It is to be the great highway of
nations.
Every intelligent member of Congressknows
that any company representing a capital of
$100,000,000 can defeat any legislation that
ever may be sought here in the interest of the
public. They already publish to the world
their immense receipts, greatly in excess of the
amount they have to pay for interest on their
bonds and on the bonds of the Government.
The Central Pacific Railroad Company declares
that they are earning four times the amount
required to pay the interest on their indebted-
ness. They say in their report made in Octo-
ber, 1866, as follows, namely:
" The statements of the present revenue of the com-
pany from the traffic on seventy-three miles only of
their road are very important, as showing that the
local trade of California and Nevada alone is suiii-
cienttomake the enterprise immensely profitable,
independent of the through traffic which may be
looked for when the completed lines shall span the
continent."
And the Union Pacific Railroad Company
say in the report of their treasurer, John J.
Cisco:
" It must be remembered that for many years to
come the Union Pacific railroad and its western con-
nections will be the only Pacific railroad."
I have no doubt of that fact.
"And being without competition it can always
chaige remunerative prices."
In other words it can always charge what it
pleases, because there will be no competition:
"And while the present rate is fourtimes the tariff
of the eastern roads"—
That they themselves admit.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman yield to
for one question?
Mr. WAStlBURN, of Wisconsin. Yes, sir.
41r. PRICE. I want to ask the gentleman
whether, in making that statement he does not
know that the law organizing this company
declares in express and positive terms that
when this road is finished the freights and fares
may be regulated by Congress.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If the
law did declarc that, 1 would not be willing to
postpone this action till the road is completed.
Jlr. PRICE. Will the gentleman permit me
to read the law?
Mr. WASHBURN, ofWisconsin. Tcs, sir;
the gentleman may read the law.
Air. PRICE. Section eighteen of the act
of 1862 provides—
" That, whenever it appears that the net earnings
of the entire road and telegraph, including the
n mount allowed for services rendered for the United
States, after deducting all expenditures, including
repairs, and the furnishing, running, and managing
of said road, shall exceed ten percent, upon its cost,
exclusive of the iiveperccnt. to be paid tothcUnited
States, Congress mav reduce the rates of fare there-
on, if unreasonable in amount, and may fix and es-
tablish the same by law."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Why,
where has the gentleman been while I have
been speaking?
Mr. PRICE. Right here.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
adverted to that very paragraph of the law. I
have said it provided that whenever the net
earnings shall exceed ten percent, on the cost
of the road, with this additional five per cent.,
Congress may regulate the rates for freight and
passengers. But I have shown that by some
slight of hand, some hocus pocus peculiar to
this company, they make the cost of the road
appear to be two or three times what it actually
is. I have adverted to that point, and I
thought had made myself perfectly understood.
I have shown by the company's own statement
that they are charging four times the rates
charged by other roads, and that they are now
earningagreatdeal more money than is needed
to pay the interest on all their bonds, Govern-
ment and otherwise.
Mr. DODGE. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that this company is charging four
times the rates charged by any other roads?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I do. The
company says so in its report. By the same
document it appears that its bonds have ad-
vanced in price from ninety to ninety-five and
are now at par. And no wonder these bonds
are in demand. I will read from the report
of the treasurer of the company:
"It must be remembered that for many years to
come this Union Pacific and its western connections
will be the only Pacific railroad, and as ic will be
without competition it can always charge remuner-
ative prices."
Mr. DODGE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to the gentleman from Wisconsin yielding to
the agents of the road, unless some of the
Representatives of the people can be heard.
Mr. DODGE. I will say to the gentleman
from Illinois that I stand here as  
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Wisconsin yield to the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Dodge?]
Mr. WASHBURN, ofWisconsin. I decline
to yield. I think there is no necessity for any
controversy just now between the gentleman
from Iowa and the gentleman from Illinois.
I call attention still further to the language
of this report:
""While the present rates are four times the tariff
of eastern roads they are not ono fourth of the former
cost by teams, of which twenty-seven thousand left
two points on the Missouri river on their westward
journey within a single year."
From this we can gam some idea of the
amount of business to be done by this road. I
take issue, however, with the statement that
they are not charging nearly as much as the
teams charged. I think that the people are
actually pa3'ing more for the transportation of
freight since this great railroad company broke
up the established lines of teams than they did
before. I have been so assured by gentlemen
from that section of the country, who, having
noticed that I had introduced so proper a res-
olution as this, have written to me in great
numbers from along the line of the road to say
that since this railroad company have suc-
ceeded in driving off the organized means of
transportation they are charged more than
they were before the road was built.
Mr. DODGE. 1 would like the gentleman
to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I must
decline for want of time. The gentleman will
have an opportunity hereafter.
Now, the Central Pacific Railroad Company
says in its report that "the rates received by
the company are very remunerative, being at
the rate often cents per mile, and fifteen cents
per mile per ton for freight in gold."
Now, I want my friend from Iowa [Mr.
Price] to do a little figuring while I do a little
more talking. I desiie him to calculate how
much it wili cost to transport a ton of freight
from California to Omaha at the rate of fifteen
cents in gold per mile per ton.
Mr. PRICE rose.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofWisconsin. I decline
to yield.
Mr. PRICE. I thought the gentleman
wanted me to answer his question.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofWisconsin. I wanted
you to do the figuring while I did the talking.
Any gentleman can satisfy himself how much
it will come (o at ten cents a mile for a man
to travel to San Francisco ftom Omaha, that
is, if he be not a member of Congress and have
not a free pass, which few of our constituents
have. Freight from Omaha to San Francisco
at fifteen cents per mile would cost about five
thousand dollars per car load in gold.
Now, sir, this is getting to be a serious mat-
ter. 1 see that the people of California are
crying out about it. A dispatch from San
Francisco represents that the Central Pacific
Railroad Company has bought up every other
railroad company in California, and the people
there are seriously alarmed. Some person-in
California, to me unknown, did me the favor
a short time since to send me a copy of the
report of the Central Pacific railroad, together
with a San Francisco paper, from which I read
the following:
"For a Reduction.—We notice that more petitions
are flowing into the State Legislature from citizens
of thecountiesdepending on theCentral Pacific rait-
road for passenger and merchandise conveyance ask-
ing for a reduction of the rates of fare and freight. In
addition to the needs or selfish interests of the peo-
ple, the petitioners point to the assertions of agents
of the company that it is earning a very large inter-
eston thecostof theroad,whichcosthas been mainly
paid by the people."
I have before me the freight tariff of the
Union Pacific railroad, forwarded to me from
Nebraska. From Omaha to Cheyenne, five
hundred and sixteen miles, the rates are per
hundred pounds for first class, S3 85 ; second
class, $3 70, and third class, $3 65.
Mr. PRICE. Is that fifteen cents a mile?
Mr. WASHBURN, ofWisconsin. It is so
much per hundred pounds. Figure it up and
you will see how much it is per mile per ton ;
you will find it fifteen cents per ton per mile
for first-class freight.
Here is a letter I will read that I have
received from a gentleman on die line:
Columrus. Nebraska, January 1G,
Deak Sik: I this day forward you a copy of the
freight and passenger tariff as issued by the Union
Pacific llailioad Company. '
I have received letters from every station of im-
portance along the line of the road that they arc for-
warding yon petitions similar to the one I sent. This
grasping and selfish monopoly has no ftiendswith
the settlers along the line of its road. We are now
carting our freight from Omaha to this place twenty
cents per hundied weight cheaper than railroad tar-
iff. Ilow long this will continue we know not.
Wishing you success in your efforts to properly
restrain this great monopoly, i am, truly yours,
Hon. C. C. Washburn, M. C., Washington, Districtof
Columbia.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
tlie gentleman will not give the name of the
party writing that letter, or he will fall under
the ban of this road.
Mr. WASHBUHN, of Wisconsin. Of course
I will not give the man's name, for I luive no
idea of subjecting him to the hostility of this
corporation.
Mr. DODGE. I only wish to know the
station.
Mr. WASHBUBN, of Wisconsin. Co-
lumbus.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They will
now find out who he is.
Mr. WASHBUKNj of Wisconsin. If they
do 1 presume he can take care of himself. The
people out there are with him. And when they
are on the side of a man he can defy even
such a corporation as this; but I do not think
it fair to give his name. To the same point
is the letter I read from the Chicago Tribune:
Cheyenne, Dakota Territory, February 24.
To the Editor of the Chicago Tribune .*
I desire to fall your attention to n most flagrant
outrage perpetrated upon the people living upon tho
line of the Union Pacific railroad. I refer to the ex-
orbitant tariff imposed by sai.i company, both for
fare and freight. The fare from the terminus to
Omaha, a distance of five hundred and thirty-seven
miles, is 50, almost teu ceuts per mile. Ihe fare
from Omaha to New York, three times the distance,
nearly fifteen hundred miles, is only a trifle over
forty dollars. Freight is charged in proportion, ami
I venture nothing in saying that freight enn be
shipped cheaper from New Yont to Cheyenne than
from Omaha to Cheyenne. What is the result of tins
phort-sitrhfed policy ? People are deterred irom trav-
eling or shipping over a road charging sucn excelsj ve
rates. I will illustrate a ease in poim. Ou my last
