300
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 21,
Ho. OF ItliPd.
Iiighls of Colored Citizens—Mr. Newcvmb.
40TII CG:KG....2D SESS.
trip from Chicago there were on board the train rep-
resentatives of several commercial houses from that
city, who intended passing over the Union Pacifie
railroad to Cheyenne, but, upon loarning that the
fare was $52 50, they each and all declined making
the trip, as the round trip would cost from one hun-
dred and twenty-five to one hundred and fifty dol-
lars. One of them remarked that he could make a
trip toEuropefor that sum. MERCHANT.
Mr. Speaker, lest it should be thought that
my remarks are intended to apply particularly
to the Union Pacific railroad, I wish to say
that is not my intention. Thev apply with
equal or greater force to them all." We pretend
to hold some control over the Union Pacific
by appointing directors, while the eastern di-
vision, the Central Pacific, Sioux City, Atchi-
son and Pike's Peak, and Western Pacific
roads, companies organized under State legis-
tion and receiving about $30,000,000 of bonds
and vast land grants, are subject to no such
control.
_ Now, sir, can there be any doubt as to our
right to put a restriction upon this company
before they go further and before we issue any
more bonds ? Can there be any doubt as to
our obligations to our constituents to say that
after having given over twenty million acres
of land and furnished money to build this road,
we will demand that the road shall deal fairly
by the people? I propose to deal fairly with
the company. I propose that they shall not
charge more than double the average rates
charged between the Mississippi river and the
Atlantic ocean. That is enough, because it is
going to bean immense thoroughfare ; and the
day is not distant when they can afford to carry
freight aud passengers as cheap as any other
road.
Mr. DAWES. Why not apply your rule to
the New York Central and Erie roads ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
is attempting to divert me from my point; but
I thank him for his interruption, for it reminds
me lo call attention to the great railroad war
now being waged in New York between Van-
derbilt and Drew. He asks why do we not
end that quarrel ? Simply because we prob-
ably have not the right to do so. If we had
the right I believe we shoftld exercise it, and
that speedily. What does that quarrel moan ?
Jt means that if one party is successful there
shall be but one management of all the lines
of travel between New York and the great
West. With the Erie and the New York Cen-
tral consolidated there would still be for the
time being some other highways by which we
could get home; so it would not be so bad as
this uncontrolled Pacific; but if Vanderbilt
succeeds in securing the Baltimore and Ohio
and the Pennsylvania Central then our people
would be in the position that they are likely to
be in with the Pacific roads, at the mercy "of a
gigantic monopoly. It is a most fortunate
thing, Mr. Speaker, that no man can live to more
than eighty or one hundred years, for I believe
vanderbilt, if he lived for the next fifty years,
would own the whole world. [Laughter.]
A few words more, and I close what I have
to say. I have omitted to givoan estimate of
the amount of bonds issued to Pacific rail-
roads or to be issued under existing laws.
J he following table, furnished by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, shows the amount to be
§60,669,120:
Distance in
miles.
955.705
701.295
Name of road.
Union Pacific railroad 
Central Pacific railroad ...
Union Pacific railway,
eastern division  381
Western Pacific railroad... 120
Atchison and Pike's Peak
railroad  100
Sioux City and Pacific rail-
road   100
Total 2,358
Total amount
of bonds to
be issued.
$24,726,560
24.726,560
6,096,000
1,920,000
1,600,000
1,600,000
$60,669,120
]W0 j S^dJy advert, but, the House having
already kindly^ extended my time, I wili not
further abuse its patience than to thank gen-
tlemen for the attention they have given to my
remarks.
Rights of Colored Citizens.
There are many other matters of great im-
portance connected with this subject to which
SPEECH OF HON. 0. A. NEWCOMB,
OF MISSOURI,
In the House of Representatives,
March 21, 1868.
The House, as in Committee of the Whole, having
under consideration tho President's annual message-
Mr. NEW COMB said:
Mr. Speaker: The provision of the recon-
struction acts above all others most objec-
tionable to our opponents is that conferring
the right of suffrage upon all loyal citizens"
regardless of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude. At this opposition I am not sur-
prised. No other provision of those acts will
or can accomplish so much in the work of de-
stroying all that is lelt of rebellion and securing
the full and perfect triumph of a pure and en-
lightened Democracy. That principle once
permanently established, and radicalism, free-
dom, and progress, instead of conservatism,
decay, and_ aristocratic rule, will be the govern-
ing idea of the American Union.
Manhood suffrage is' now the cardinal doc-
trine of the Republican party faith, the grand
inspiring idea underlying the present contest
for political_ supremacy in the American Re-
public, and it is high time Representatives on
this floor quit the girlish practice of standing
timidly on the defensive and discussing the
question as though of doubtful propriety and
requiring an apology. We have reached that
crisis ill national alfairs requiring the people's
Representatives to boldly assert, zealously
maintain, and aggressively promulgate the doc-
trine that every citizen of the Republic grown
up to maturity and unconvicted of crime has
an inalienable right, derived from his Creator
as part of his humanity, to participate in the
choice of the rulers and making of the laws by
which he is to be governed.
_ If the Republican party at its national conven-
tion, to be held at Chicago in May next, fails to
assert fully and unequivocally its belief in that
faith, defeat—ignominious defeat—will, in my
opinion, be its late at the elections in the No-
vember following. No party, no matter how
glorious may have been its past history, nor
liow much it may have contributed to the
greatness of the Republic, can rally around
its standard the earnest radical masses after
failing in courage to assert boldly the eternal
principles of universal freedom and the com-
mon brotherhood of all mankind ; and 110 man,
not even General Grant, himself, 110 matter
how loyal and devoted he may have proved
himself during the bitter contest with rebel-
lion, nor how brilliant may have been bis
services in the cause of Union and liberty in
days gone by, is strong enough to draw to bis
support the true Republicans and true Demo-
crats of the nation after failing to enter the
contest with liberty and equality for a rallying
cry. Contests won by timidly ignoring agita-
ting questions have always proved victories
barren of results, and hastened the dissolution
of the party winning them. The old Whig
party met its death dodging questions and from
lack of courage, and the old Democratic party
fell from honor and power to treason and
infamy in disgraceful attempts ac stifling the
agitation of principles underlying the structure
of our Democratic institutions ; and well wili
it be if the Republican party profits by their
example.
The Republicans of my own State are rally-
ing for the approaching contest under the ban-
ner of loyal manhood suffrage, and no doubt
or fear is entertained of the result. The loyal
voters of that State have suffered too much in
the recent contest with rebellion to permit thus
early a base prejudice, conceived in oppression,
brought forth in injustice, and nurtured in
hatred and passion, to rob them of the fruits
of the nation's victories on the battle-field. No
matter how much the Republicans of other
States, from whom we had reason to hope for
better things, may play the coward's part, the
loyal, radical, liberty-loving Republican voters
of free Missouri will never consent to " dash
to earth the victor's plume," and permit preju-
dice and policy to regain to rebellion "what
arms have lost." Missourians have paid too
dearly for their tuition in the school of human-
ity and freedom, and suffered too intensely in
their devotion to the cause of Union, to forget
the terrible lessons of the recent bloody con-
test ere the grass has had time to grow over the
graves of husbands, brothers, sons, and friends
murdered by those now arrayed in opposition
to the national Republican party. Let the
same determined spirit animate the Repub-
lican voters of other States that gives inspira-
tion to those of Missouri, and next November
will witness the dying out of the last hope of
rebellion, cowardice, prejudice, and conserva-
tism in every State of the Republic.
I am conscious of the fact there are persons
011 this floor professing all republicanism, and
elected by earnest radical voters, who assert
manhood suffrage is not now and will not in
the ensuing contest be a principle of the party
faith. They even go so far as to tell the nation
there is no inconsistency in their position in
voting for the insertion of such a principle in
an act providing for the reorganizing of a re-
bellious State and refusing to recognize it as
an article of party creed. Without stopping
to admit the soundness of such a position or
expose its fallacy, I will now offer a few reasons
for the adoption of manhood suffrage in the
States recently in rebellion on the ground of
sound policy. Policy, I claim, outside of any
ideas of natural lights, requires its adoption.
The close of the rebellion found those States
without lawful State governments. Being
without lawful State governments, it became
the duty of Congress to provide for organizing
such governments. In organizing those gov-
ernments it was the duty of Congress to see
that they were placed in loyal hands. Those
governments could not be organized on any
principle of loyalty to the General Government
without enfranchising the loyal men of all
colors and nationalities. _ Those facts stared
Congress in the face, and it had no alternative
left but the enfranchisement of the colored
man or surrender the rule of those States to
persons hostile to the existence of the General
Government. Now, no truly patriotic friend
of the Union would for one moment desire to
see the Stale governments of ten States in the
hands of persons hostile to the continuance of
the Union and opposed to the principles of free
government. It would be better for the inter-
ests of freedom, better for the interests of the
white race, better for the interests of the na-
tion, that none but black men should vote or
hold office for twenty-five years in those States
than that they should be organized in the
hands of white rebels opposed to a loyal Sta-te
government and opposed to educating the
masses of the people, as they assuredly would
beif loyal black men are not permitted to vote
and take part in the elections.
The safety of the Republic must be provided
for in the reorganization of'the southern State
governments; this is of the first importance,
and cannot be done except by placing political
power in the hands of men who will respect
loyalty and protect the loyal sentiment of the
I country; and that can only be permanently
1 secured by providing for the interests and eleva-
,j tion of the laboring masses. Unless the labor-
|!in? classes of those States are furnished at
|| public expense with the means of education
■ < we have nothing to hope in the future for free-
