1800
THS CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.
March 10,
expedient of holding your citizens in arrest as
you hold ours until you are compelled to give
to our demands the consideration to which
they are justly entitled; and we do this for the
purpose of settlement and reconciliation, for
the purpose not of waging but averting war.
The doctrine of "an eye for an eye and a
tooth for a tooth" stands on very different
ground. We do not announce the old doc-
trine of retaliatory reprisals. That doctrine
would justify this Government, in case of dif-
liculty with Great Britain, in giving to every
Irishman here the right to make war for his
own benefit and on his own account against
the subjects of Great Britain or the property
of that Government wherever they might be
found. "We do not press any principle of that
kind. What we assert is that we will exercise
upon the subjects of other nations the same
power that those countries exercise upon our
<jiti?ens, not for the purpose of inflicting in-
jury upon tliem, but for the purpose of com-
pelling the respective Governments to give a
bearing to the claim which we mate in behalf
of our citizens, and to secure an early aud a
just decision in regard to their rights under
the law of nations and of God.
When I said thatthisis a wise and Christian-
like proceeding I spoke upon reflection. It
will prevent trouble between this country and
other Governments; it will prevent war. It
places within the control of the respective
Governments—of course I make no reterenee
to the character of the Executive of this Gov-
ernment at the present moment; I speak of
the United States as a continuing power, and
although we may be unfortunate at this time
we are likely to have, in time to come, intelli-
gent and patriotic citizens at the head of its
affairs—it places within the control of the
respective Governments themselves the man-
agement of this moat difficult and important
question. It takes it out of the hands of pas-
sionate and desperate, though perhaps honest,
men, who, if left to their own course, not to
say choice, would gladly involve the two coun-
tries in disaster and war.
In leaving subjects of this character to the
respective Governments for settlement the only
difficulty is that the end sought to be accom-
plished by postponement or delay may be de-
feated. We provide for that by a provision
itt this bill which will compel foreign Govern-
ments to consider and deeidethe question with-
out delay; and that is all we ask.
Every man knows when this question is
decided in the light of truth and of civilization
that no Governmenton the face of this earth can
claim or will claim to hold any considerable
portion of the population of the United States
as i  subjects upon the sole ground that they
were born upon its soil. All we ask, there-
fore, is that the subject may be properly con-
sidered. The result which will be reached
ought to give us no apprehension. The time,
Mr. Speaker, has come when the American
Government should assert its principles. Wo
have not always been at liberty or able to do
this, but the Government of the United States
has now reached that point when it has become
its duty to assert its principles and its rights.
It can find no better opportunity, no greater
or more just cause, than that embraced in the
bill now before the House. As was well said
by one of the able writers of the English press,
if the commauders of the armies of the United
States can under the operation of the laws of
that country, be held as foreign subjects and
punished for participation in the war upon our
part., and for leading our flag to victory at
Vicksburg, Richmond, and elsewhere, if such
be the laws of other Governments, then the
Congress of the United States and the Ameri-
can people can find no topic that more justly
demands their consideration or an opportunity
more readily to be seized than the present.
If the American Government has over been
wise in anything it has been wise in avoiding
all entangling alliances with foreign nations;
and if there is anything the American Govern-
ment should do it is to persist in that policy, to
keep clear from all such alliances. In order
to do so it is necessary to make these princi-
ples known and that they must be respected.
Now, in my opinion, is the time to do it, and
the measure proposed is a just one.
I have trespassed upon the time of the House
further than I intended. I commend the bill
to the favorable consideration of the House.
Mr. ELIOT. Before my colleague leaves
the floor I desire to call his attention to this
extraordinary provision of the third section:
If any citizen shall have been arrested and de-
tained, whoso release; upon demand shall have been
unreasonably delayed or rofusod, the President shall
be, and hereby is, empowered to order tho arrest and
to detain in oustody any subject or citizen of such
foreign Government who ruay be found within tho
jurisdiction of tlio United States.
I would like him to say what demand is re-
ferred to? The bill says, "Whose release
upon demand shall have been unreasonably
delayed." Upon whose demand ? Who is to
determine what is unreasonable delay? Is it
the opinion of the committee that it is right
and the intention in this bill to confer upon
the President, whoever may be President, the
power to determine these matters, whether
the delay has been unreasonable, whether the
demand has or has not been sufficient, which,
in the recess of Congress, with no one to in-
terfere, may involve this country in war ?
Mr. BANKS. Wc have an executive Gov-
ernment to whom the execution of the laws is
confided. It has usually been honest, intelli-
gent, patriotic; and if we cannot trust an ex-
ecutive Government to exercise such powers,
then, sir, we have no Government. That is
my answer.
This clausc was inserted for a good reason.
Citizens of the United States, it has been stated
in the discussions of this House, were arrested
and detained in British prisons for words spoken
and acts done in tho United States. Now, wo
do not admit, and we cannot admit, that citi-
zens of the United States shall be held in bonds
by any foreign Government for words spoken
or acts done here in the exercise of their rights
as American citizens. It was put in for that
reason.
My colleague says it is an extraordinary pro-
vision. I tell him it is an extraordinary case
that calls for such action; that any American
citizen should be arrested and imprisoned
abroad for words spoken and acts done in the
United States, if it be true, is an extraordinary
fact, and calls for unusual and prompt meas-
ures on tho part of the Government to which
they belong.
This does not lead to war. There are other
steps between this and war. It leads, in our
opinion, to the settlement ofthis question. We
present it in that view, and for that purpose
alone. It can no longer bo postponed.
1 will not trespass further on the time of the
House. I have moved that the bill be recom-
mitted. 1 am willing to take the judgment
of the House as to the time that shall be al-
lowed for debate. I hope we will rcach a vote,
however, at the earliest practicable moment.
Mr. MORGAN obtained the floor, and said:
In the present state of my health I do not feel
inclined to occupy the hour to which I am
entitled. I therefore yield forty-five minutes
to my colleague, [Mr. Van Thump.]
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Mr. Speaker, in thepres-
entcondition of my health, I should not have felt
inclined to take any part in this debate, even
upon this great question of expatriation, were
it not the fact that I represent a large number
of both native and adopted citizens who have
petitioned Congress to take prompt and de-
cided action upon the subject. I had the honor
to present to the House a few days since, for
its appropriate reference to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, a petition signed by more than
six hundred citizens of my district, praying
Congress to take sueh action upon the subject
as would evince to the world that we are determ-
ined to assert aud maintain the rights of our
naturalized fellow-citizens, and also to declare,
by the legislative voice of the Republic for the
first time in its history, what those rights are in
clear, distinct, and unequivocal terms. Stand-
ing in this position in relation to i v constitu-
ents, I yield to all the responsibilities of my
situation in submitting, as briefly as possible,
my views upon this great public question; and
I eheerfully and gratefully return my thanks to
my honorable friend and colleague [Mr. Mor-
gan] for his personal kindness in yielding to
me the time which belonged to himself as a
member of the Committee oh Foreign Affairs.
Sir, whatever may be the fate of the bill now
before us, one advantage at least will be de-
rived from it: the enlightenment of the public
mind and the attraction of the public attention
to the subject at large by the very full and ex-
haustive debate to which it has given rise. It
concerns the public interest, as well as the
rights of the individual citizen, so directly and
so essentially that it cannot fail to command a
degree of popular attention commensurate
with its national importance. As a question
of natural, inherent, and fundamental right
belonging to man in his character of citizen
the omission on the part of the American
Legislature, from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment up to this time, to declare its exist-
ence, and especially to provide the appropriate
means for its exercise, is a most remarkable
fact, and, if still neglected and omitted on our
part, will attract the earnest attention of the
whole country the more the question is agi-
tated among the people. It is a question, sir,
which eminently belongs to the people. They
will not only require that we shall legislate
upon the subject, but they will demand at our
hands full and ample legislation, both declar-
atory and remedial. They will give us to un-
derstand, in a way not to be misunderstood or
disregarded, that there shall be no more eva-
sion or ambiguity in the legislative action of
the Government, such as has marked the his-
tory of tho past, either in relation to the right
itself or its remedy. The President of the
United States, in his late annual message, has
recommended the subject to our serious con-
sideration, and the voice of the people in the
numerous petitions sent up to us has strongly
seconded this timely movement on the part of
the Executive.
Mr. Speaker, I need not argue at any length,
if at all, the question of the inherent and in-
defeasible right of expatriation as belonging
to every l'rce-born citizen. That proposition
has already been exhausted by the able speeches
of gentlemen who have preceded me. I will
say, however, in passing along, that it is one
of those great and self-evident truths whose
simple statement amounts to a demonstration.
It is a right which lies much deeper and broader
than any privilege or duty flowing from the
qualified rights which create and give force
and effect to the mutual obligation existing
between the citizen and the Government under
which he has consented, for the time being, to
live. There are certain qualified and imper-
fect rights which every man surrenders when
he consents to become a portion of the legal
civil organization; and which implies, and ab-
solutely creates, on the part of such civil gov-
ernment, an obligation to protect him in his
life, liberty, and property. Voluntary expa-
triation is nothing more than an exertion of
this right to personal liberty thus guarantied
by the Government to the individual. The
right of personal liberty aud of unconstrained
locomotion is the primary object of all civil
government. But this right of expatriation is
still more abstract and original; for it is the
creature not of municipal but of natural law.
The greatest writers on public and natural law,
reared and educated even under the shadow
of a throne, sueh authors as Vattel, Buriama-
qui, Wickeufort, and Bynkershoeek, all put it
upon the ground of natural right.
But notwithstanding, Mr. Speaker, I shall
assume that the right of emigration and its
concomitant privilege of expatriation is not
only a right so well founded in the universal
law of nature, but is so generally acknowledged
among the civilized nations of the earth, as to
need neither argument nor testimony to eatab-
