2824
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
June 3,
, "Answer. I do not; but in the communication X
expressed a hope tbat, with vexed political questions
measurably concluded, the nominations to the Sen-
ate would be brought back to the Treasury Depart-
ment, where they could be more properly considered
m connection with the interests of the service. I
desire here to say that, while subordinate appoint-
ments are ordinarily made by theSecretary upon the
recommendation of assessors and collectors, he has
quite uniformly removed his appointees without
hesitation whenever'I bad evidence of their ineffi-
ciency or corruption. It is almost entirely with
appointments not made by him that embarrassment
iQ this particular has arisen.
"Question. Did you name any persons as their
successors ?
" Ansioer. I did not.
''Question. Were these six officers Republicans or
Democrats ?
''Answer. X have no means of knowing with cer-
tainty their political opinions. They were nearly ail
appointed by Mr. Lincoln. They generally reported
as Conservatives. I cannot say whether they are all
so or not."
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, I did not
intend, so far as I am concerned, to give this
discussion a party bias—I have referred to our
political troubles only incidentally—and I can-
not therefore attempt to reply to many things
brought out by the gentleman from Wisconsin.
I did not intend to be specially complimentary
to anybody in what I have been saying about
them, nor did I intend to be unkind or severe.
I want to do justice to Mr. Rollins and to every-
body else, so far as I can, connected with the
administration of this matter of the internal
revenue.
My position as a member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has brought me
into frequent communiation with the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. And in all his
relations with me, and so far as I know with
other members of the committee, I have found
Mm to be a courteous and obliging gentleman,
and so far as 1 know a faithful public officer.
His surroundings in many respects I do not
like. And everything considered he is not
the sort of gentleman 1 would have nominated
and appointed to that position if I had control
of the matter. But as he is a subordinate to
the Secretary of the Treasury, and also to the
President, it might be unfair to hold him
accountable for many things for which he may
be considered responsible. On the contrary,
it may be that he is really responsible for many
things for which people have been blaming the
Secretary of the Treasury and the President.
I do not, however, propose to go into these
matters now. I have alluded to these difficul-
ties only in elucidation and amplification of
the remarks which our distinguished chairman
made upon the subject in his opening speech
•on Monday last.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman permit me to interrupt him a mo-
ment?
Mr. NIBLACK. Certainly.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Is it not
fair to state, in answer to the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge,] that the reply of
Mr. Rollins, that he had not reported these
cases to the President, was in consequence of
his being subordinate to the Secretary of the
Treasury ? Under the technical rules and
customs of the Department he had no right to
make a report directly to the President; he
had to report to the Secretary of the Treasury.
He stated that he had reported certain officers
to the Secretary of the Treasury, but he was
not permitted by the rules and customs of the
Department to make a report directly to the
President. That is all that Mr. Rollins means
to say in his reply.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Niblack] will allow me to reply
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hooper,] I will simply say that the Commis-
sioner did not say that such was the rule of the
Department.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The Com-
missioner may not have thought it necessary to
say so in so many words, because he knew
it was generally understood that such was the
rule of the Department.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The. Commissioner had
th'e amjjlest opportunity to make that answer.
fori cross-examined him at considerable length.
But he did not so state, and such is not the
fact. The Commissioner of Internal Revenue
is the officer to whom this knowledge must
necessarily come. He is subordinate to theSec-
retary of the Treasury and to the President, and
there is no question about his duty to make
known to his superior officers all frauds and
wrong-doing that may come to his knowledge.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury is his superior officer,
and the rules and customs of the Department
require him to give that information not to the
President but to Ihe Secretary of the Treasury.
If lie has any communication to make to the
President, it must be made through the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Certainly; but m his
testimony he does not claim that he had given
the Secretary of the Treasury any such inform-
ation. If the gentleman will refer to his testi-
mony he will find that no such communication
was ever made by him to the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stood the gentleman, in reading the testimony
of Mr. Rollins, to read the question, Did you
ever communicate any such information to the
President? and the answer was that he did
not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes, sir; that he had
not done so directly to the President. But
when you come to the cross-examination you
will find that he had not communicated this
information to anybody.
Mr. NIBLACK. I cannot yield further, for
I find that my time is passing away, and I have
agreed to yield a portion of it to the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Higby.]
I did not desire to go into this matter
between the President, the Secretary of the
Treasury, and the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, except to a limited extent, nor did
I desire to comment severely upon any one
connected with this matter of the administra-
tion of the internal revenue, because the mere
conduct personally of public officers does not
affect great principles.
It is the principle which underlies this whole
question which I desired to discuss. That there
has been much done that ought not to have
been done I freely concede; that there has
been much that has not been done which ought
to have been done I equally concede. There
are complaints made in reference to some
appointments from which it might be inferred
that the President had been somewhat at fault.
But the real trouble arises from the disagree-
ment between the President aud the Senate.
He makes nominations, and the Senate rejects
them. In the second district of Indiana there
have been, I believe, some eight or ten nom-
inations made within the last fifteen months,
and all of them, excepting perhaps the last
one, have been rejected by the Senate. This
is one of the unfortunate incidents of our con-
dition which, as I have already intimated, will,
I trust, be only temporary.
I shall not pursue any further this question
of a separate department. I have indicated
some of the reasons why I cannot agree to the
proposition at this time. There are some
other features of the bill to which I will very
briefly allude, and then I will conclude.
Upon the question as to the tax on whisky,
to which I had intended to devote some lime,
I am relieved by the statement of the chair-
man of the committee [Mr. Sciiexck] in his
opening speech. He has very frankly stated
that he thinks this tax ought nowto be reduced,
and has given some of the many reasons why
I have all the time felt the propriety of such a
reduction. In view of what he has conceded
upon this question, and of the evidences which
I have seen around me for some time past, I
take it as a foregone conclusion that this tax
will be reduced, the only question being the
amount at which the tax shall be fixed. As 1
have already intimated, I think the difficulties
surrounding this question of the whisky tax
have been, and are still, inherent in the pres-
ent system on account of the grea£ dispropor-
tion of the tax to the cost of the article.
Then, again, passing over the question of the
inducements to fraud, the collection of such a
tax as this is and has been requires the exer-
cise on the part of the Government of a degree
of despotic and arbitrary power which our
form of government is not competent to wield.
We cannot put in force and keep in vigorous
operation tbat sort of concentrated power aud
machinery which is necessary to force from the
people so extraordinary and so exorbitant a
tax. I have seen a statement to the effect that,
taking the experience of all civilized Govern-
ments upon this subject of the taxation of
alcoholic spirits, about seven per cent, of the
gross amount of taxes have been and can be
collected off of this species of property, and
that every effort to collect a greater proportion
lias been a failure. I cannot vouch for the
accuracy of this statement; but I am satisfied
that there is Si point beyond which we cannot
go in the amount to be realized from that spe-
cies of property. If we  attempt to raise an
extraordinary sum, a sum greatly dispropor-
tionate to the tax on all other interests, the
frauds on the revenue will prevent the efficient
collection of the tax. By fixing the tax at
such a rate as does not offer so great induce-
ments to fraud, does not give such impetus to
illicit distillation, this difficulty is removed;
and we can then collect this tax, as well as any
other tax, either through the agency of a bureau
officer, as at present, or through such other
ordinary means as we may adopt.
But, sir, the worst of all the features of this
two-dollar whisky tax is the very great and
most mortifying demoralization of the public
service. It would be better, in my judgment,
to repeal this tax altogether than to continue
the present condition of things, and look to
something else for revenue. We can illy afford
to continue and make perpetual this demor-
alization for the sake of a few paltry millions
a year.
Sir, public' virtue is of more value than
money, and we cannot afford to debauch and
bring the public service into utter disrepute for
the sake of a few dollars in taxes.
There is another point in reference to which
I have differed with the committee. I do not
lay great stress upon it, but suil I think it is a
matter of importance, both in a financial view
and on account of the demoralizing influence
which may also be exerted, if we attempt to
enforce the amount of taxation proposed in this
bill. 1 refer to the tax on tobacco. Although
this has not attracted so mneli attention as tiie
whisky tax, yet the frauds in regard to the tax
on tobacco have been proportional) ly very great.
I suppose that in a country of such vast extent
as ours, so sparsely populated, with so many
places remote from the tax-gatherers and rev-
enue officers, there must necessarily be very
great evasion of the law. But I take it that the
hig.her we attempt to make those taxes the
greater will be the evasion and the greater the
consequent demoralization.
This bill proposes a tax of forty cents per
pound on all kinds of chewing tobacco.
[Here the hammer fell.j
Sir. HIGBY obtained tne floor.
Mr. NIBLACK. I would regard it as a
very great favor if the House would consent
;| to extend mv time.
j| Mr. HIGBY. I do not desire to occupy the
|j whole of my hour, and I jield the gentlemen
j] ten minutes.
ij Mr. NIBLACK. I do not lav great stress
11 upon this, nor have I investigated It su&cieriUy
to attempt to go into it as minutely us gen-
ii tiemen in trade could, or many of the puobe
;i officers who have lind their attention called to
jj it.^ 1 think we ha\e failed in the section on
jj tobacco. 1 think it is too large a propoiuon
|j of tax upon tobacco, aud thatit will bear haidly
ji upon this interest iu the country. As a matter
or policy I think the tax ought not to go uigber
than thirtv-two cents, winch members
of the trade have agreed that it will hear safely?
and all interests will {succeed well uadgr it.
