1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sumner, and by Mr. Simmons; and in the
House by Mr. Walton of Vermont., and also
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress. Ail these reports ex-
cept one were unanimous, so far as 1 recollect.
Yualihough bills for the payment of this elaim
have passed the Senate over and over again
without a division—although such a bill was
passed in the'I hirty-Ninth Congress, and again
the other day by an overwhelming majority,
the claim has never come before this House
for action before to-day ; no vote has ever been
taken on it, nor any voice heard in debate for
or again-st it. We are seeking pay for land we
are willing to grant to the settlers, which they
are entitled to under the treaty, provided we
shall have compensation for it. The settlers
are uneasy about their titles. They should, as
soon us po.-sibie, be quieted. Our Government
sOietnnly plighted its faith to Great Britain to
do so. But are the United States to use the
property of Maine and Massachusetts to make
good a promise only of the United States and
not pay us for such property? Wehavealready
released a portion of these lands, trusting to
Government for compensation, but we will
make no fut ther steps in that direction till we
get sufficient assurance that we shall not bear
out of our own pockets what is strictly and
honorably an obligation of the United States.
Our own losses have been too great already.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
oppose the amendment; but first, I ask unani-
mous consent to close debate 011 this section
in ten minuti's, five of which I wiH give to the
geuth-msin Irora Ohio, [Mr. Delano.]
Mr. BANKS. I want two minutes.
Mr. B(J i'LER, of Massachusetts. I will say
twelve minutes, then.
A Mehder. Say fifteen.
Mr. BU i'LEIt, of Massachusetts. I ask, in
order to bring this discussion to a elose, that
b.y unanimous consent debate shall terminate
in fifteen minutes.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by a
m.ijoiity vote.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then, I
make the motion that it he closed in fifteen
minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. BANKS. I renew it; and I do so for
the purpose of making a statement in reference
to the report. If, embraced a variety of con-
siderations, and upon many grounds might have
been sustained. These persons present a
single poini. upon which there can be no doubt
at all. I want to say a word in reply to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Mayxaud.]
He inquired as to what part of this claim was
satisfied. The fourth article of the treaty, in
order to settle the question of boundary, re-
quiied the Stales of Massachusetts and Maine
to give up that portion of territory beyond the
new line; and secondly, to surrender to the
squatters that portion of territory which the
Biilish then occupied within the new line.
Uiey surrendered the territory beyond the new
line, for which it is understood they were paid ;
but for tue surrender of the territory within
the line and the release to the squatters, noth-
ing whatever has been paid. This was a con-
cession for the poace of the country, to carry
out a treaty made between the United States
ami Gieat Biitain, for which Massachusetts and
Maine have been paid nothing whatever, it
is only proper and just they should have this
amount.
Mr. MAYN ARD. I find provision was made
in J808 for satisfying the claims of the States of
Maine and Massachusetts under the stipula-
tions of a treaty between the United Stales
and Great Brirain, concluded the 9th day of
August in the year 1842, a sum not exceeding
SllU'JG 81 in satisfaction of such claims of
the State of Maine; and 592,156 13 in satis-
faction of like claims of the State ot Massa-
chusetts to be paid by the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury.
Mr. LYNCH. For what? Read the whole
of it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have given the whole
of it. Jt is for the purpose of satisfying the
claims of the Siates of Massachusetts and Maine
under this treaty.
Mr. LYNCH. What were those claims?
Mr. MAYNARD. Claims under this treaty.
Mr. Speaker, I also find an act approved
July 12, 1802, appropriating money for the
purpose of quieting titles under this same
treaty. There has also been other legislaiion
making appropriations under this treaty. I
have brought forward these facts for informa-
tion. 1 want further information on the sub-
ject. Here are appropriations for satisfying
claims under this treaty with Great Britain,
and 1 have had a strong impression this was
one of those things that had been finally settled
and closed up.
Mr. DELANO. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. If it were in my power consistently
with my sense of public duty to vote for this
appropriation 1 should do it. I have several
friends who feel a desire to have it passed, but
knowing something about the transaction offi-
cially 1 cannot remain silent while this claim
is attempted to be passed. In the first place,
I want the House to understand this is part of
a claim of over one million dollars which is
said to grow out of the Ashburton treaty, and
rests upon four grounds. They are stated in
the able report of Senator Patterson, of
New Hampshire, made in the other branch of
Congress. Those points are as follows:
^ "jFirst. A claim for lands assigned to settlers under
tho lout t h artielo of the treaty ot Washington.
'VS* ennd. A elaim for the loss of timber uiion their
territory (luring the suspension of Stats jurisdiction
between Jo-ji ;tud 1839.
" Thii-'L A claim ior tho eorrectionofanerror made
at the Treasury in computing the interest on the
expenditures made by the State in defending her
territory.
"Fourth. A elivira for interest upon advances made
by Massachusetts in the war of 1812-15."
On those four claims the gentleman has
reported in favor of this, and made out the
balance due $G91,G34. The present appro-
priation is for one branch of this quadrilateral
claim.
Mr. PETERS. Allow me to say they have
no connection with each other.
Mr. DELANO. That is matter of opinion.
I think directly otherwise, and I think when-
ever this appropriation is made you have got
the iron wedge in and are prepared to open
the log with what the farmers call the clog.
Nov/, sir, I want to say to this House that it
is utterly impossible in a five-minutes' debate
to discuss and analyze these claims so as to
arrive at a correct conclusion in reference to
any one of them. It is worse than idle, it is
almost a crime, for this House, under such cir-
cumstances as these, to attempt to pass upon
these large amounts. This ought to go to the
Committee of Claims, where all claims go.
Tliat committee is represented now by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wash-
burs :] and I am willing to say ill advance, that
for so much of it ns he will report in favor
of I will vote blindfolded, I know his integ-
rity and his intelligence so well. This claim
was presented to me while I was a member of
that committee in the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
and it is upon the knowledge that I derived
from a preliminary examination, upon the sup-
position that it would have to come before me,
that I assert that uo man in this Houoe can
understand its merits in any discussion that
may be had at this time. I am not now saying
that it ought not to be passed, though such is
my present opinion. But I want to enforce
upon this House the wrong that would be
done in attempting to pass this claim in the
limited debate that can be had under these
circumstances. It is a largo claim, it involves
intricate questions of international law, it in-
volves important questions touching implied
contracts, and it ought, (o receive careful exam-
ination before a deliberative; body. Now, is
there anybody here who will say that this is a
deliberative consideration which we are giving
the subject at this time? 1 pray this House,
therefore, in respect to the rights of the nation,
not to pass upon this claim, either in whole or
in part, upon an appropriation hill with the
limited discussion that it can have under the
rules of debate that apply to it.
[Here the hammer fell.] ;
Sir. BUTLElt, of Massachusetts. I have
listened with unflagging attention to this debate,
and I have heard only one class of arguments
against this claim, and that, is an argument to
prejudice. The whole speech of my friend
irom Ohio [Mr Delano] is only that, and
nothing more. He says we cannot understand
enough about this question in a five-minutes'
debate to pass upon it. Yet the amount is
only $100,000. The rules of this House for
many years have confined us to live-minutes'
debate only upon every item of au appropria-
tion bill by which we can understand how to
appropriate millions. We cannot debate any
question appropriating money more than five
minutes at a time on each question. -My friend
has, therefore, thus stated a very good reason
why this House should follow its Committee
on Appropriations and sustain its report.. The
committee have examined this subject and
have reported upon it favorably. Now, while
the House follow your committees everywhere
else in matters of great moment which it has
not time to examine, whenever a matter affect-
ing the intent of tho East is brought up, why,
then, do gentlemen seem to try to find some
reason for not following the committee? You
vote with your committees for anything except
when a matter comes up in favor of somebody
at the East. Now, I appeal to gentlemen to
do us justice. The United States took nearly
four million acres of land from Maine and
Massachusetts by the conventional line estab-
lished by this treaty, which was an inheritance
from onr fathers, and we agreed to it without
a murmur. And now we ask only to have re-
turned to us what we have had to pay to the
settlers on the lands given us in exchange for
ours, whose titles the United States agreed to
maintain and to extinguish our elaim thereon.
Now, I desire to call attention to what was
urged by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
M.vyxard.] He has brought in here an appro-
priation to pay for the survey of those lands
which the States of Maine and Massachusetts
had to make because the United States would
not do it. The appropriation is §9,000 for
Maine and £11,000 for Massachusetts. He
says he thinks that this was au appropriation
to satisfy our claims for the lauds themselves.
Is this just?
Mr. MAYNARD. Is not the language " to
satisfy the claim ?"
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To sat-
isfy certain claims, but not the claim for land.
Then the gentleman brings up again the fact
that in 1862 the United States paid James
Munroe, Benjamin Sewall, Ilufus Maudell, and
James A. True for a portion of this land. That
is exactly what we did do, sir. Why? Because
Maine and Massachusetts had ceded, had sold
these parcels of land to those parties before
the treaty; so that the lands were tlieira, and
those States had no further or other title in
them ; those private parties came h«re and
got their money, as they ought to do. We
are now asking for the money for tho land
which belonged to us, and which we had
not ceded, and which is as much ours as that
land which the United States paid for was
theirs. Again, my friend [Mr. Oktii] says:
"What examination has this claim had?"
It has had the examination of eight commit-
tees, and no committee has ever yet reported
against it, and my able friend !Vom_ Indiana
[Mr. Orth] could get from his committeeonly
three members to agree with him in his minor-
ity report, with all his ability in argument.
And there has never been found at any other
time during the twenty-odd years since this
claim has been pending three men upon any
committee that has examined this claim so
