302
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Rights of Colored Citizens—Mr. Neivcomh.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
place of the Articles of Confederation, which
Constitution was adopted on the 17th of Sep-
tember, 1787; and in that Constitution it is
required that every person who seeks to vote
for a member of the House of Representatives
from the State in which he resides " shall have
the qualifications required for electors of the
most numerous branch of the State Legisla-
ture," no more, no less, no distinction on ac-
count of color. In no article, line, or word
did Washington or his compeers, directly or
indirectly, or by any discrimination, deny to
any class of our people their rights, but care-
fully guarded them all.
It is probably known to every member on
this floor that when the Constitution of the
United States was ratified, free colored men
were voters in a majority of all the States then
in the Union. They voted in North Carolina,
Maryland, Delaware, New York, Rhodelsland,
Connecticut, New Hampshire, Massachusetts,
and Pennsylvania; afterward they were ad-
mitted as voters in Maine, Vermont, and Ten-
nessee, and I believe in New York and all the
New England Stales, except Connecticut, they
continue to vote to this day. In some of the
States intelligence, m others a certain amount
of property, m all freedom was considered a
prerequisite to the privilege of voting, but in
none was color made a condition. In 1817
Connecticut denied to her colored people the
right to vote. Maryland changed her law in
regard to colored voters in 1810, and deprived
them of this privilege. In Tennessee they
voted down to 1834. Ih North Carolina as
late as 183S, and in Pennsylvania they changed
the law iu 1838. Thus we see that colored per-
sons have been voters in more than half the
original States of the Union, and some that
have been admitted since; hence must fall the
position that this is a new doctrine introduced
by the Republican party of the country. It is
familiar to the Government, has been recog-
nized by all political parties, and is the law of
several States of the Union at this time. This
great national appstacy on this subject com-
menced in 1812, in the act passed organizing
the Territory of Missouri. In this act, for the
first time in the Federal legislation of the
country, was distinction made with regard to
citizenship on account of color. In the or-
ganic acts, organizing ten Territories which had
been admitted into the Union up to this time,
no distinction was made among their citizens
by the General Government on account of color,
it seems that upon the territory embraced in
lny own State the great battle commenced, and
that has been one of the main theaters of war
ever since, and it is not unfit that there the
first great battle should be won, and there
we expect it will be won at the next election.
Here our national apostacy commenced and
reached its culminating point, in the opinion
of Justice Taney, delivered in the celebrated
Dred Scott case. So great had our national
demoralization become that it reached the
judiciary, that department of the Government
intended to be removed and kept from the con-
taminating influence of politics. Yet the ma-
jority of the Supreme Court in that case, in
utter disregard of our history, the opinions of
the fathers of the Republic, and the uniform
practice of the Government, first announced
the false and unwarranted doctrine that colored
men were not intended to be included in the
word citizen in the Constitution of the United
States, and, as a consequence, can claim none
of the rights or protection of citizens under the
Government of the United States; a doctrine
not only m conflict with the history, practice,
and philosophy of the Government, but in
violation of the higher principles of humanity.
And this decision was accepted and indorsed
by the Democratic party all over the land; and
upon that issue the parties went before the
country, and the doctrine was repudiated by
the people. And here we see an example of the
discriminating justice of the American people,
who scarcely ever make a mistake when they
carefully examine a question of public policy.
Though this monstrous doctrine had the sanc-
tion of the highest judicial tribunal of the coun-
try and the indorsement of a great political
party that had controlled the Government most
of the time for a quarter of a century, yet,
when the people saw the injustice of such a
principle, they repudiated it and defeated the
party pledged to its support. But we are not
left to conjecture and chance to determine who
are entitled to citizenship, as we have already
seen.^ But the true doctrine, the American
doctrine 011 this subject, is clearly laid down by
the ablest jurists and writers on law in this
country. In the second volume of Kent's
Commentaries, he clearly enunciates the prin-
ciple I am insisting upon. In the able opinion
of Justice Gaston, in the case of North Carolina
vs. Manuel, and especially in the able dissent-
ing opinions of Justices Curtis and McLean,
in the case of Dred Scott, is the same doctrine
laid down and insisted upon. In that opinion
Justice Curtis says :
"To determine whether any free persons descended
from Africans held in slavery were citizens of the
States under the Confederation, and consequently at
the tunc of the adoption of the Constitution of the
United States, it is only necessary to know whether
any such persons were citizens of eitherof theStates
under the Confederation at the tnne of the adoption
of the Constitution."
It is not necessary to trouble the House by
reading further from this opinion, for I have
already shown that colored persons, though
descended from African slaves, were citizens
in several States at the time of the adoption of
the Constitution, and Judge Curtis says this
is conclusive on the subject, and when the ap-
peal was made to the American people at the
polls the opinion of Justice Curtis was indorsed,
i will trouble the House by reading a brief ex-
tract touching this question of citizenship from
the able opinion of Justice Gaston in the case
above referred to, (North Carolina vs. Manuel:)
a "According to the laws of this State (North Caro-
lina) all human beings within it who are not slaves
lull within one of two classes; whatever distinction
may have existed in tho Jtioman laws between citi-
zens and free inhabitants, they are unknown to our
institutions, .Before our Revolution all free persons
born within thecloininion of the king ot Great Bn tain,
whatever their color or complexion, were native-born
Biitish subjects; those born out of this allegiance
were aliens; slavery did not exist in England, hut it
did in the British Colonies. Slaves were not in legal
parlance persons, but property; the moment tho in-
capacity, tho disqualification of slavery, was removed
they became persons, and were then either British
subjects or not British subjects according as, they wero
or were not bom within thcallegiance of tfrfe British
king. ^ Upon tho Revolution no other change took
place in tho laws ot North Carolina than was conse-
quent on the transmission from a colony dependent
on a European king to a free and sovereign State.
Slaves remained .slaves; British subjects in North
Carolina became North Carolina freemen; foreign-
ers, until made members of the State, remained
aliens; slaves manumitted here became treemen,
and thorcforo, if born within North Carolina, arecit-
izens of North Carolina; and all free persons born
within the State are born citizens of the State. The
constitution extends the elective franchise to every
free man who had arrived at the age of twentv-one
and paid a public tax; and it is a matter of univer-
sal notoriety that under it free persons, without re-
gard to color, claimed and exercised the franchise
until it was taken from the freeman of color a few
years since by our amended constitution."
Now, it is certainly settled beyond all ques-
tion, both by authority and precedent, that
free colored persons are citizens, and as such
have been admitted to and exercised tho right
to vote. Why, sir, the assumption that per-
sons of color born in this country, though they
may be the descendants of slaves, are not ca-
pable of being citizens of the United States, is
a naked assumption, not authorized by any
word of the Declaration of Independence or
of the Constitution of the United States ; and
I have read with more than ordinary interest
all that has been written on this subject, and
have failed to find an argument that proves
that the Constitution or the Articles of Con- ;
federation made color a qualification of citi- j
zenship. If color is the test of qualification j
of citizenship, where does qualification begin |
and where end? Some sections of oar coun- 1
try have been so long under Democratic pro-
slavery rale and domination that the most expe-
riencedethnologist could not determine where
the African ends and the Caucasian begins. So
unreasonable and unnatural is such a test that
it has never found advocates of any respecta-
bility in any nation but our own, and if we
persist in excluding any portion of our people
from the rights of citizenship for no other rea-
son than a difference in the complexion of the
skin it must call down upon us the scorn and
reprobation of every nation of Christendom.
It seems to me so clear from history and au-
thority that persons of color were citizens under
the Confederation, and at the time of the adop-
tion of the Constitution, that it does not admit
of a doubt; and it is equally clear that they
were citizens and voters in a majority of the
original States of the Union, and subject only
to the qualifications that were required of other
persons. If this be true, the charge made on
this floor that the Republican party is intro-
ducing new arid strange doctrines into the Gov-
ernment touching the rights and qualifications
of citizens must tall to the ground. The right
of colored persons to become citizens and voters
is as old as the Government itself, and has the
sanction of the ablest statesmen and purest
patriots of all parties that adorn the country's
history; and the brightest luminaries of the
bench have given the weight of their opinion
and authority to the same doctrine. And while
insistingupon impartial suffrage in the Govern-
ment as the right of every man of sufficient
age, and not disqualified by crime, we are only
asking that the original intention of the Gov-
ernment shall be carried out b}7 guarantying
to eacli citizen all the rights, privileges, and
immunities that belong to them, according to
the spirit and true intent of the founders of the
Government.
Sir, we hear a great deal said about confer-
ring the right of suffrage upon classes of citizens.
Are we to understand that law-makers are au-
thorized to traffic in principles and franchises?
It is no part of the duties and province of
this Government to confer the franchise upon
any person or persons further than to secure
equal rights among all the citizens. This Gov-
ernment was formed to secure the people in the
enjoyments of all their inalienable rights, not
to deal out privileges as it may suit the pleasure
of parties and party leaders. The moment a
Government commences the trade of conferring
favors upon one class of citizens and refusing
them to another it is guilty of usurping powers
not properly conferred upon it. it is said the
world is governed too much, and this Govern-
ment is not an exception. The injustice prac-
ticed upon the individual citizen or classes
of citizens of all Governments every few years
yields its legitimate harvest of war and devasta-
tion. The only way to prevent such mischief
is to enforce the principle of absolute equality
of rights among all the citizens, which is the
true principle of this Government, and the one
that must and will be enforced.
As long as the Government continues to
wander from its legitimate sphere, and enfran-
chise one man and disfranchises another at
pleasure, so long will the people be di scon-
tented, and at every election we will hear the
popular cry about rights withheld or privileges
granted. Confine the Government to its proper
sphere of securing the people in the enjoyment
of natural rights, and the period of wars and
bloodshed will have passed away forever.
There is not an instance in the history of the
nations of the earth of a war that was not
caused by unjust discriminations on the part
of the Government in favor of one class of
citizens and against another. No Government
is, in any true sense, a republic that disfran-
chises one citizen grown np to manhood unless
for cause affecting the public safety. The
Declaration of Independence declares what is
republicanism, and I am satisfied Congress
will soon be compelled to enact that Declaration
