1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2-827
resumed in committee. I now move that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Garfield
taking the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
Pomeroy reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the state of the Union generally,
and particularly the special order, being the
bill (H. R. No. 1000) to reduce into one act,
and to amend the laws relating to internal taxes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that when
the House again resolves itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole upon the special order all
general debate shall cease in an hour and a half.
Mr. ALLISON. Before that is put I would
like to ask my friend from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynakd] whether he desires to occupy the
entire hour ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I certainly do not.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to have an under-
standing abont it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hold myself subject to
the wishes of my friend, who has prepared a
speech, as I have not, on this subject.
Mr. ALLISON. If it is understood that I
shall have an hour I shall have no objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Mayxauii] and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Miller]
wish to occupy a few minutes each.
By unanimous consent the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at ten o'clock and fifty-five minutes p.m.)
the House adjourned.
fktitioxs, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CAKE; The petition of 38 mining
and manufacturing companies and (inns of
Lebanon and Schuylkill counties, Pennsyl-
vania, employing, when in full operation, 5,986
workmen, now employing 1,950 workmen,
signed also by other citizens of said counties,
representing that the productive inl crests of
the country are suffering and its industry par-
alyzed for want of efficient protection against
the cheaper labor and capital of foreign coun-
tries; that custom duties, which, under a high
gold premium, were sufficient to create and
foster manufactures, have become inadequate
and must shortly prove ruinous ; that much of
the distress now prevalent and daily increasing
would berelieved by the legislation suggested m
Special Commissioner Wells's report of last
year, and perfected in the tariff bill (as passed
by the Senate) which failed in the House of
Representatives March, 1867, for want of time;
and praying Congress to resume consideration
of that measure and enact it into a law at the
earliest practicable moment.
Also, the petition of Messrs. Charles Walt-
jen & Brother, of Schuylkill county, Pennsyl-
vania, and others, manufacturers of tobacco
and cigars, journeymen, and dealers in tobacco
and cigars, praying that the tax on cigars shall
not be increased, setting forth that the object
in view will be defeated, if the object be to
increase the revenue from tobacco, by the pro-
posed change.
By Mr. COVODE : The petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, for the establishment of a
post route from Saegerstown to Blooming Val-
ley, both in Crawford county, Pennsylvania.
By Mr. HALSEY: The protest of William
A. Brintzinghoffer and'Others, against increas-
ing the rate of tax on cigars.
By Mr. HARDING: Remonstrances of
manufacturers of cigars, &c., of Quincy and
Monmouth, Illinois, against increase of taxes.
By Mr. HOTCHKISS: The petition of
Haws & Giddings and 22 others, citizens of
Bridgeport. Connecticut, protesting against
increase of tax ou cigars.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut: A
remonstrance of sundry citizens of Suffield,
Connecticut, against proposed increased of tax
on cigars.
Bjf Mr. MORRELL: The petition of Edward
Frysinger and 7 others, citizens of Lewistown,
Mifflin county, Pennsylvania, engaged in man-
ufacturing cigars, representing that the change
from five to ten dollars per thousand in tax,
as proposed in the revenue bill now before the
House, would be ruinous to their interests, and
praying that 110 change be made.
Also, a memorial of Francis A. Gibbons,
asking for additional compensation for the
erection of a building for the Department of
Agriculture.
By Mr. NIBLACK : A memorial of Charles
Viele and sundry others, citizens of Evansvilie,
Indiana, remonstrating against any increase
of the tariff on sugar, as prayed for by the
sugar refiners.
By Mr. O'NEILL; The remonstrance of
cigar manufacturers and dealers and journey-
men cigar-makers of Philadelphia, against the
proposed change in the tax on cigars, &e.
By Mr. PEliHAM: The petition of David
V. Lovell for amendment of the bounty act of
July 28, I860.
By Mr. ROBERTSON: The petition of
Mrs. Emily Ilooe, of Prairie du Cliien, in the
county of Crawford and State of Wisconsin,
praying for the passage of an act for her relief
by which she may receive the amount of twenty
dollars per month for the period of six years,
four months, and three days, being from the
time of the death of her husband, Brevet Major
Alexander Seymour, company C, fifth regiment
infantry United States Army, to the 12th day
of April, 1854.
By ilr. VAN AliRNAM: The petition of
12 dealers in and manufacturers of cigars, of
Olean, New York, praying Congress to pass
a law to collect revenue on cigars by revenue
stamps instead of inspector's stamps as now.
Also, the petition of 22 dealers in and man-
ufacturers ot'cigars, of Jamestown, New York,
on same subject.
By Mr. VAN IIORN, of Now York : The
petition of Mrs. Jane McNaughton, asking for
a pension in consequence of the death of her
husband from diseases contracted while in the
service of the United States.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio : The petition of
James Trip and 78 others, citizens of Jackson
county, Ohio, praying that a pension may be
granted to William J. Jones, a destitute and
insane soldier.
By Mr. WOOD: A remonstrance of cigar-
makers and dealers of New York against pro-
posed changes in tobacco tax.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 4, 1808.
Prayer by Rev. E. IT. Gray, D. D.
The Executive Clerk proceeded to read the
Journal of yesterday ; but was interrupted by
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. BUCIvALEW. I must object to that.
ThePRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
being objected to, the reading of the Journal
will be continued. It can only be dispensed
with by unanimous consent.
The Executive Clerk resumed and concluded
the reading of the Journal.
secretaky OF tub senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the election of a Secretary. I sup-
pose the proper motion would be to accept the
resignation of the present Secretary. Is there
not a motion pending to accept the resignation
of the Secretary ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Make that motion. _
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the resigna-
tion of the present Secretary be accepted, and
that the Senate proceed to the election of a
Secretary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. If there be no objection I
move to suspend the rule that requires the
election to be by ballot, that the Senate may
come to an election by resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the rule that requires the election to be
by ballot be suspended. It requires unani-
mous consent. Is there any objection ? No
objection being made it is dispensed with.
Mi-. CONNESS. I now move that George
C. Gorham, esq., be elected Secretary of the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
death of ex-president buchanan.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I propose submitting a
motion to the Senate, and I will preface it with
a single remark. To-day the funeral obsequies
of a very distinguished citizen of our country
will take place at his residence in the county
of Lancaster, Pennsylvania. He has held in
the Government of the United Stales the posi-
tions of Representative in the lower House of
Congress, of Senator in this body, of Secretary
of State, of minister to Russia and to Great
Britain, and finally the highest post known to
our institutions, that of President of the Uni-
ted States. I suppose, under the circumstances,
the Senate will not be disposed to proceed with
the public business in which we are ordinarily
employed, and I submit amotion that the Sen-
ate, as a mark of xespect to the deceased, do
now adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise to second the
motion of my colleague, that the Senate adjourn
out of respect to the memory of Mr. Buchanan,
whose funeral takes place to-day. I wish to
add to the motion, that when the Senate does
adjourn it adjourn to meet again on Monday
next.
Mr. BUCKALEW. My motion would only
carry the session of the Senate over for the
day. If my colleague desires to submit that
modification of it 1 have no disposition to
deprive him of the opportunity to do so. I
will withdraw my motion if my colleague desires
to submit his.
ThePRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to adjourn being withdrawn, the question is on
the motion that when the Senate adjourns it
adjourn to meet on Monday next at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. IIARLAN. I hope that motion will
not be adopted. As chairman of the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia I have been
struggling to get a day for the consideration of
the business that pertains to the people that
live within it. One day was assigned last week,
but the District business was crowded out by
business that was supposed to be more import-
ant. Now, I hope that either on Friday or
Saturday the Senate will give attention to that
business. The motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bi:ckat,ew,] of course, is
a very proper one, and every Senator present
will feel disposed to adopt it. Business will
consequently be suspended for to-day ; but it
seems to me the Senate ought not to adjourn
over Friday and Saturday.
Mr. CAMERON. I will merely say, in reply
to the Senator from Iowa, that if we adjourn
to-day, very properly, as lie says, to-morrow
will be Friday and the next day Saturday.
Some days are needed just about this- time to
prepare the Chamber for the summer session.
Last week the Sergeant-at- Arms called on me,
and desired me to make a motion then to adjourn
over Friday and Saturday; but at my instance
the motion was postponed until to-day. If we
do not adjourn now we shall have to adjourn
next Thursday, and I think we had better do
it now. This day is gone, by the proper mo-
tion for adjournment which is made. It will
hardly be necessary or proper for us to come
back here to-morrow, especially as a number
of Senators will be away, will go home be-
cause of the present adjournment. I think,
therefore, wc might as well now adjourn over
until Mondav, and we shall save time by it.
Mr. POMEROY. There are public meas-
ures of the greatest importance pressing upon
the attention of the Senate, and 1 do not think
