1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3851
Thomas Cox, and John D. Ashmore, of .Greenville;
Willi.un B. Johnson, llichhn <1: MetfSr#iiliains and
G. W. Williams, oi York; 11. AI. Wall 'cc, Richland;
John Twit ly. L:mcastci ; M-ifthow McDoimid, Abbe-
ville; A. 0. B.islun and E. B. Miller. ot Richland:
C. R. Rutland, J. Botton Smith, and IJaniel Burton,
ot Yoik: Walter W. Herbert and Thomas Jordan,
of Faiifieid; Thomas E. Dudley. Bennetsville;
Alexander MeBee, Greenville; J. B. Tolleson and
B. F. Bates, of Spartanburg; William M. Thomas,
Greenville; James A. Blaek, Abbeville; Wiljis Allen,
Spartanburg: John S. Groen, Sumter; Elijah TL
Horner, Edgefield ; II. W. Lawson, Abbeville; Doc-
tor Robert Lebby, Cnarleston; James Gibbs, Colum-
bia, all ofSouth Carolina.
Jacob Keichlor, San Antonio; Jacob Eliot. Na-
varro county; Jacob Sehinitz, Comal county; Rich-
ard W. D;ivK Goliad; Jolm Blair, Houston county,
and Thom.is Ochiltree, all of Texas.
P. M. B. Young, Cartersviile; R. W. Bell, Banks
county; II. II. Took, Thomas county; Walter Brock,
thirty-eighth coiigrc-Mooal district; W. C. Daniel,
S ivannah ; William T. Martin, B inks county; John
W. 1[. Underwood, Augustus Wright; Charles E.
Broyles. Sdltou, all of Georgia.
John F. Conoiey, Dallas county; Henry C. San-
ford. Cheiokee county, all of Alabama.
Z^non L:ib.mve; John E. JVudean, parish of Jef-
fei^on ; Theodule Drouet and Rufus King llowel, of
New Orleans; Wade II. Hough, W. W. Haudlin, all
of Louioi' na.
George W. Marshall. Lafayette, Tennessee.
Robert II.Gamble, Tallahassee; Thomas T. Long,
Lake City; JosiahE.Lee,Suintervil!o; A.C.Blount,
Pensaeola; Benjamin Neal, Marion, all of Florida.
Charles W. Helm, Leavenworth, Kansas.
Mr. BOUT WELL. Mr. Speaker, that bill
provides for the removal of political disabili-
ties from about seventy-four men from Florida.
South Carolina, Tennessee, Alabama, Louisi-
ana, Georgia, Texas, and one from Kansas.
We have given in the report for the purpose
of placing in the records of the House the
recommendations in each case. Most of the
persons named in this bill are members-elect
of State governments in these States. P. M.
B. Young, elected to this House from Georgia,
is, 1 understand, a Democrat. He has been
recommended by General Grant, General
Meade, and others of the Union Army. He
was a colonel of cavalry in the rebel army.
He is engaged at present in helping forward
reconstruction. I know no other name to be
found in this bill which it is necessary to call
particular attention to, that is to say, there is
nothing to distinguish them from those hereto-
fore reported. 1 move to amend by inserting
the names of William M. Moore, of Yancey
county, and Leonidas C. Edwards, of Oxford,
Alabama. I yield now to my colleague on
the committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, I observe in this
bill the name of John D. Ashmore, of South
Carolina.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
state the fact that he lias been already relieved.
His name was in the other bill. If there be
no objection, it will be stricken out.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to insert the
names of James L. Seward, of Thomas county,
Georgia, and Edward Cropland, of Graves
comity, Kentucky.
Mr. PAINE. I move to add the name of
William E. Vaughn, of North Carolina. I send
to the desk a letter which I have on the subject,
the writer of which is well known by reputation.
The gentleman from the first district of North
Carolina, [Mr. French,] I believe, understands
something about the merits of this individual,
and will state to the House what he knows on
the subject.
Mr. MULLTNS. Who proves this?
Mr. PAINE. In the first place the writer
of this letter, in the next place the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Frexc'H,] who, I
believe, is not now in his seat. I will ask
when he comes in that he have an opportunity
to state the facts.
Mr. MULLINS. Has (hegentleman related
all the evidence he has received why this gen-
tleman should he relieved?
Mr. PAINE. I have not related anything
et. I propose to have the letter read by and
c
<y-
Mr. MULLTNS. Are you acquainted with
the gentleman who writes this letter?
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Frexch] knows this gentleman
by reputation or personally, and will inform the
House about him as soon as he comes in?
Mr. MULLINS. You do not want the name
acted upon then now?
Mr. BOUT WELL. I ask that a vote be
taken on the several amendments already pro-
posed. I shall allow some to be offered but I
do not like to have the bill complicated with
various amendments.
Mr. MULLINS. Before the question is put
I desire to ask who is the gentleman from
Tennessee that you propose now to relieve.
Mr. BOUTWELL. George W. Marshall,
of Lafayette, Tennessee.
Mr. MULLINS. I do not know him.
Mr. BOUTWELL. But your colleague rec-
ommends him.
Mr. STOKES. I state to my colleague that
I know the man and those who tecommended
him. He is a worthy man.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I call the previous ques-
tion on the amendment to insert the names of
William M. Moore and Leonidas C. Edwards.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now call for a vote on
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. F_4.r;jsv.'ohtii,] to insert the names of
James L. Seward and Edward Cropland.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say that
Mr. Seward is known to several members here,
and I have no hesitation in vouching for him
myself. I know him well, and have seen him
recently, as have many members of the House.
He is a fit and proper person to be taken into
the church. As for Mr. Cropland, his petition
was presented to the House this morning, and
he is vouched for by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. McKee.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. I call the previous ques-
tion on the amendment.
Mr. BASKS. I wish to say a word in
favor of placing the name of ,Mr. Seward, of
Georgia, on the list. I agree with what the
gentleman from Illinois has said in regard to
him.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. These names
had better go the committee and bo examined.
It may be the opinion of the gentleman from
Illinois and the gentleman from Massachusetts
that those men ought to be relieved, but we
are called upon to act simply upon the indi-
vidual opinion of gentlemen who assign no
reason; and when the House knows nothing
about the particular cases at all. 1 shall not
vote to relievo any man upon the simple opin
ion of one member of this House without any
facts upon which to act. I think these cases
ought to go to the committee for examination,
and I hope the House will vote down all these
names that are sent in with some letter written
by somebody about whom we know nothing
vouching for the parties. It will be a very
cheap pardon if rebels can come in and have
a bill passed for their relief merely because
some gentleman at the South writes a letter
saying that they are worthy gentlemen.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ct'li-om.J
Mr. CULLOM. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout-
well] if the Committee on Reconstruction
know anything about the history of Charles
W. Helm, of Leavenworth, Kansas? I under-
stand that ho is a northern man, who volun-
tarily7 went South and got on Bragg s staff, and
is now one of the worst rebels in the South.
Mr. BOUTWELL. We know nothing ex-
cept what is in the report.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope, then, that his name
will be stricken out of this bill. I make that
motion.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now call the previous
question on~the amendments of the two gentle-
men from Illinois, [Mr. Pauxswortii and Mr.
cullom.]
Mr. JUDD. Will the gentleman allow me
to present a name in connection with those
already offered?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I would prefer to have
the question taken separately on those amend-
ments.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered.
The first question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Farnswoktii, to insert "James L.
Seward, of Thomas county, Georgia, and Ed-
ward Cropland, of Graves county, Kentucky."
The amendment was agreed to, there being,
on a division—ayes 54, noes 4S.
The next question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Collom, to strike out " Charles W.
Helm, of Leavenworth, Kansas."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Paine, to insert William E. Vaughau,
of Pasquotank county, North Carolina."
Mr. PAINE. When I moved that amend-
ment I stated that when the Representative
from the first North Carolina district [Mr.
French] should appear on the floor I would
ask to have a letter read by the Cleik, and that
then I would ask that gentleman to state to the
House what he knows about Mr. Vanghan ;
for I have no knowledge of him except what I
have obtained from this letter and from the
honorable gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Fkexch.] He, however, is not here;
but another member from North Carolina is
here, [Mr. Deweese,] who can state about
this man. I now ask the Clerk to read the
letter I send to him.
The Clerk read as follows:
Elizabeth City. N. C., June 30,1868.
Dear Sm: In looking over a printed list of N"ort.h
Carolinians whose disabilities have been removed, I
discover that the uamo ot William K. Vaugiiau, of
Pasquotank county, is omitted. Ills nfline was in-
cluded in the 11st sent up by the constitutional con-
vention, and in addition wo had sent previously a
petition numerously signed by Republicans, asking
a removal inMr. Vanghan's individualea^e. Hehas
recently been elected (first choice m nomination) to
the most responsible office iu the county, lie has
been constantly loyal and extremely Radical. At his
reque.-t I drop you this, hoping that you will be abio
to do something for linn soon.
Yours, &c„ C. L. COBB.
Hon. R. C. Souencsc, Washington, D. C.
Mr. PA 1NE. I now ask the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Deweese] to make a
statement to the House.
Mr. DEWEESE. I know very well, indeed,
the gentleman referred to in the letter just read
by the Clerk. He has been a good, quiet citi-
zen and a loyal man ever since I first obtained
a residence in the State, now well on to three
years. I have always heard Mr. Vaughau
spoken of as a man who was bitterly opposed
to the rebellion, and who did everything he
could to break down Jeff. Davis and his oli-
garchy. I know he warmly supported the
reconstruction measures of Congress, and did
everything in his power to assist in carrying
them out. He was a Radical candidate upon
the Republican ticket in the late election in
North Carolina, and did good service in carry-
ing the election. He was elected to the office
of clerk of the superior court.
Mr. MILLER. What part did he take iu
the rebellion ?
Mr. DEWEESE. He was holding a civil
office when the war broke out. and continued
to hold it for some time afterward.
Mr. MILLER. Did he take the oath to sup-
port the confederate government?
Mr. DEWEESE. I do not know whether
he did or not; perhaps he did. The office of
magistrate, which was the one he held, carries
no emoluments with it.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now call the previous
question on the amendment of the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to insert the name of Juhn F. Alexander, of
Cleaveland county, North Carolina. He is a
man well known to me. He has never held
any office, does not seek any office now, and is
quietly at home attending to his business. Ho
