3852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July &,
is fully and thoroughly in favor of the Union,
and as a man of probity and honesty of charac-
ter, i know of no superior to him. He is under
the employ of a northern company, carrying on
a large business to their great satisfaction,
enjoying iheir entire confidence.
Mr. MULLINS. If the gentleman knows,
will he please state what part this man tookin
the rebellion, making it necessary that disabil-
ities shall be removed from him now?
Mr. BUTLEH, of" Massachusetts. He was
in the rebel army in some capacity.
Mr. MUl I,INS. As an officer'.'
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. He was,
I believe, at first conscripted, and afterward
held an office, as I remember it.
Mr. MULLINS. What, evidence has the
gentleman, beyond what he has stated, of this
man's returning sense of crime and of his pen-
itence therefor? [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I know
from letters from him, and from the report of
a gentleman formerly a member of this House,
who has spent some time with him, that he is
thoroughly '"reconstructed."
Mr. MULLINS. Well, if he is thoroughly
" reconstructed," no act of ours can give him
any further relief.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, yes:
for he is technically under disability.
Mr. DEWEESE. Will the gentleman give
us the name of the ex-member of this body
who recommended Mr. Alexander?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. General
Marston, of New Hampshire, who is one of
the company employing Mr. Alexander.
Mr. DEWEESE. If there is in North Car-
olina any man named Alexander who is loyal
we have never been able to discover the fact.
[Laughter. ]
xMr. B UTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman may probably know this mail when I
state that he is a resident of the town of
Selliy.
Mr DEWEESE. 1 have 110 acquaintance
with him ; but so far as I have been able to
underhand, there is no loyal man in North
Carolina named Alexander. On the contrary
a by-word with us is, ''You are as disloyal as
the Alexander family." [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
I can relieve the difficulty of my friend fiom
North Carolina. This gentleman went from
Virginia to North Carolina to take the super-
intendence of a business in the latter State.
Mr. DEWEESE. Virginia is a very bad
State to come from. [Laughter.] And I will
stiy that while I am willing to go as far as any
man in this House to relieve the political dis-
abilities of men deservingsucli relief, I do not
want to see the gate thrown open so that all
these lebels whose hands are red with the
blood of my fellow-soldiers shall be brought in.
If this thing is to be carried to such an extent
that every man who can get a letter wiitteu for
liim is to be relieved from political disabilities
w-e might as well adopt at once a sweeping res-
olution relieving all the unrepentant rebels of
the South.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does the
gentleman know this man at all?
Mr. DEWEESE. No, sir.
Mr. 15U TLEll, of Massachusetts. I do.
Mr. DEWEESE. If I have the evidence
that this man is loyal I will vote for his relief;
if I have notsuch evidence, I will vote against
reliertng him or any other man.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
simply to say that I know this gentleman ; he
has been in the employ of a company with
which I am connected. J know him as well
as 1 can know any man. He is as loyal us any
gentleman in North Carolina or out of it. I
think I have not given any evidence of being
so forgiving to these people that I cannot be
trusted to distinguish a rebel from a Union
man. Iff did not know this man. or if my
friend from North Carolina [Mr. Deweese]
knew him and declared him an improper per-
son to be relieved, I would not say a word ia
favor of such relief. But I do know him.
Mr. MULLTNS. I do not; and I have been
asking for information.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I think the disposition
of the House is to go no further in the way of
receiving amendments. I must therefore de-
cline to give way for any further amendments.
I am willing that a vote shall be taken on the
amendment of my colleague, [Mr. Bdtler; of
Massachusetts.] I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of Mr. Butler,
of Massachusetts, was agreed to, there being—
ayes 56, noes 45.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I find that I promised
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd] to
allow him to propose an amendment. I yield
to him for that purpose.
Mr. JUDD. I move to amend by inserting
the name of A. J. Yorke, of Concord, Cabarrus
county, North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to say this gentleman is a personal acquaint-
ance of mine. Heis a merchant of high stand-
ing, and a man of high character. Under the
old government and under the government
existing there at the time of the rebellion he
held the position ofa justice ofthe peace. For
that reason it is necessary he shall be relieved
from political disability.
Mr. MAYNARD. We have a delegation
now upon this floor from North Carolina, and
it seems to me if there are any applications
from that State they had better come backed
by that delegation. The gentleman from Illi-
nois will pardon me for saying so. I intend no
reflection upon any member of the House. I
intend to state a general proposition formyself.
They have better local information than any
one else.
Mr. JUDD. I will simply remind the gen-
tleman how recently North Carolina has been
represented in any manner upon this floor.
Bills were pending before the House for the
purpose of removing political disabilities long
before that State was represented upon this
floor. The particular district in which this
gentleman resides is not yet represented upon
this floor. I made his acquaintance when I
was in North Carolina for five or six weeks,
and my colleague will indorse all I have stated
in his behalf. He has favored the congres-
sional policy of reconstruction. He is a man
of high standing and character. He addressed
a note to me on the subject of his relief. I
also received a letter from persons as thor-
oughly radical as any can be, stating if there
was ever any one entitled to be relieved of
disability it is this gentleman. That is the
reason for presenting his name for insertion in
this bill.
Mr. FAliNSWORTH. The case is exactly
as my colleague says.
Mr. BOUTWELL demanded the previous
question on the amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD. I notice names from
Texas, which is not yet reconstructed, while
there are none from Virginia or Mississippi.
Mr. PAINE. I have not yet brought up
the bill fortke relief of the citizens of Missis-
sippi, as there was no necessity for immediate
action for the purposes of the State govern-
ment. The bill is ready.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will say that, with
the exception of a very few names of citizens
of Texas, and one in Tennessee, and one in Kan-
sas, which has been stricken out, this bill em-
braces only the names of those who arc con-
nected with oSices in the States about to be
reorganized and admitted to representation.
We act upon the general principle that from
time to time bills should be reported relieving
persons from disability in order to carry on
these State governments. I believe I cannot
yield for further amendment. I now demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed.
and read a f.hird time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BOUTWELL demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 23, not voting
92 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Bailey, Baker,Beatty, Benjamin. Benton, Bla>r,
Boles,Boutwell, Benjamin F.Butler,Cake.Clmrcmll.
Cook. Cullom. Dawes, Deweese. Donnelly, Dnggs,
Ela. JSliot, Farnsworth, Ferries, Ferry, French, Gar-
field. Griswold, Higby. Hinds, Hooper, Chester D.
Hubbard, Ilulburd, Jenckes, Aiex-imicr H. Jones.
Judd, Ivelsey, Kitchen, Koontz, George V Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Lou bridge, Lvncli, Jlal-
lory, Marvin, McCarthy, MeClurg, Moore, Moor-
liead. Morrell, Myers.O'Neill, Paine, P,*rham, Peters,
Pile, Plants, Poland. Pomeroy, Roots. Schenek, Sco-
fleld, Selye, Smith, Stewart, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas,
Twichelt, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Cadwalader 0. Washburn, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, John T. Wilson, and
Wiiiclom—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnell, Bromwell, Cary. Chanter,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Gollad.iv, Hamilton,
Hawkins, Holrnan, Hopkins, Hunter, Julian, Loan,
jVIeCormick, Mercur, Miller, Mullm4*, Nichoi.-on,
Orth, Price. Sawyer. Shanks, Spalding-.Starkweather,
Aaron F. Stevens, Tabor, and Taffe—29.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
James M. Ashley. Axtell, Baldwin, Banks, Burncs,
Barn urn. Beaman, Beck, Bingham, Blaitie, Borer,
Brooks, Broomall. Buckland.Burr, Roderick R. But-
ler, Reader W. Clarke, Cornell, Covode, Delano,
Dixon, Hodge. Ee.ldey, Eggleston, Eldridge, Fields,
Finney, Fox, Gotz, Glostbreoner, Gravely, Grover,
Haight, Halscy, Harding, Hill, Hotr-hkiss, Asahel VV.
Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Inrter-
soll. Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Keilev, Kerr,
Ivetcham, Knott, Latlin, Lincoln. Logan, Marshall,
Maynard, MeCullougl^ McKeo, Murris--cy, Mun.a:en,
Neweomb, Niblnek. Aunn, Phelps, Pike, Pol-ley,
Pruyn. Randall, Ilaum, Robertson, Robinson. Ross,
Sheilabargcr, Sitsrreaves, Thnrtdeus Stevens, Srone,
John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge,
Van Aernam, Van Auken, Van Trump. Van Wvek,
Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, YVelker, Thomas Wil-
liams. William Williams, J.-imes F. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodward—92.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
bill was passed.
During the roll call,
Mr. KELSEY said that Mr. Wilt.iams, of
Indiana, was confined to his room by sickness.
The vote having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed : and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laitf
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced, unless the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Polaxd} calls up the election
case of which he has given notice.
Mr. POLAND. I said I would cali it np
after the morning hour. I supposed, however,
the morning hour would be in the morning.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman to decline to call it up.
Mr. POLAND. I yield for the morning
hour.
5ie3saue from ti113 sexate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gokham,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, a bill
(H, It. No. lloti) authorizing the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Otace to issue a
patent to F. N. Blake for one hundred and
sixty acres of laud in Kansas.
'lhe message further announced that the
Senate had indefinitely postponed the following
bills ofthe House:
An act (H. li. No. 131-3) granting an increase
of pension to Sarah Hackleman, widow ofBrig-
adier General Pleasant A. Hackleman :
An act (H. Ii. No. 293) to regulate and
limit the admiralty jurisdiction of the district
courts of the United States ;
An act (H. !'. No. 90) to authorize and
require the administration of oaths in certain
cases, and to punish perjury in connection
therewith : and
An act (H. II. No. 1194) to provide for the
inauguration^ of State officers in Arkansas,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
