2828
THE COMUiESSIOMAX -GLOBE,
June 4^
we would be justified in adjourning until Mon-
day. We have had so many adjournments,
and are so far behind in, business, and the hot
weather is so- pressing upon us, that I think
we ought to husband our resources as well as
our days, and make use of every one.
The PEESIDENT^ro tempore. It is moved
that when the Senate adjourns it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I now renew my motion
that the Senate, as a mark of respect to the
memory of Mr. Buchanan, whose funeral obse-
quies take place to-day, do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June i, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntojt.
The ClerK proceeded with the reading of the
Journal, when, on motion of Mr. Allison, by
unanimous consent, the further reading was
dispensed with.
boullassa and others.
On motion of Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous
consent, the memorial and papers in rela-
tion to the claim of Bourassa, Bertrand, and
Navarre were withdrawn from the files of the
House without copies being left, the same
having been printed.
deficiency bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Appropriations, reported back
the Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
111?) to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the fiscal year ending on the 30th of
June, 1868, recommending concurrence in the
same with an amendment.
.The amendments of the Senate were reported,
as follows:
At the end of the bill adil the following :
For deficiency in the appropriation for defraying
the expenses of hydration of the Senate Chamber
$3,000.
For deficiency in the appropriation for furniture
and repairs, $5,000.
For deficiency in the appropriation for clerks to
committees, pages, horses, and carryalls, $15,000.
Amend the title by inserting after the word " to "
the word "partially," and by striking out the word
"partial," so that it will read "An act to partially
supply deficiencies/' &c.
The amendment of the committee was to
add at the close of the Senate amendments
the following :
To supply deficiency in the contingent fund of the
Pension Office, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments of the Senate, as amended,
were then concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendments
of the Senate were concurred in ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
hkiiis of george fisher.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
leave to report a special appropriation bill,
containing an item that has passed this House
three times, but was omitted in the general
appropriation bill. I suppose there will be
no objection. It is House bill No. 1121, to pre-
vent an appropriation therein mentioned irom
lapsing because of delay in the adjustment.
No objection being made, the bill was con-
sidered. It provides that to enable the Secre-
tary of War to carry out an award from the
Department, made in pursuance of a resolu-
tion of Congress, approved June 1, 1860, in
favor of the heirs and legal representatives of
George Fisher, deceased, for military spolia-
tions by the United States troops during the
war with the Creek Indians, the appropriation
contained in the first section of the original
"act. passed for the relief of the claimant, ap-
proved April 12, 1848, shall not be allowed to
lap'se in c'olugeq[uence of delay in the adjust-
ment, and the same is hereby reonacted and
made available, and that the rescinding reso-
lution, approved March 2, 1861, which has
had the effect of suspending the ease be and
the same is hereby repealed.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is that a report from a
committee?
The SPEAKER. It is a report from the
Committee on Appropriations. Is there objec-
tion to its reception ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume that the effect
of the suspending act of 1861 is not very well
understood, as the subject has not been very
recently before the House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I report
the following amendment as a proviso to the
bill :
Provided, That the sum allowed shall not exceed
516,000.
I may say that the sum originally allowed
was $32,000. It has been adjusted until I think
the sum ought not to exceed $16,000, and the
claimant, who is the widow of Henry Winter
Davis, has agreed to take that and have no
further difficulty. It was not received on ac-
count of the death of Mr. Davis. I hope the
report will be received.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion to the reception of the report.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read athird time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ship golconda.
Mr. O'NEILL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I offer the following resolution for the
purpose of correcting an error :
Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to request the
return of the bill (H. K. No. 448) to change the name
of the ship Golconda, the same having been inad-
vertently sent to the Senate as having passed the
House.
The SPEAKER. This is to correct a mani-
fest error.
The resolution was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its Clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 357) to pro-
vide a temporary government for the Territory
of Wyoming, m which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
order of business.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports; and
the Committee on the Public Lands is entitled
to another morning hour.
Mr. JULIAN. Before the hour begins, I
ask the unanimous consent of the House to
make a statement in reference to the business
of the Committee on the Public Lands.
No objection was made.
Mr. JOLIAN. The amount of business
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
as every gentleman knows, is very great, and
much of it is important public business. It
seems to be constantly on the increase, and
the committee, I am sure, is anxions to do its
whole duty. But it is wholly impossible within
the two morning hours allowed us to dispose
of the matters referred to us, which really de-
mand the attention of Congress, and to which
I think there will be no objection. I therefore
ask unanimous consent that the Committee on
the Public Lands may have an additional hour
to-morrow if there are no private bills in the
way, or if not to-morrow, immediately after the
tax bill is disposed of.
Mr. PERU AM. I object to it so far as to-
morrow is concerned. That is private bill day,
and there are a number of pension bills that 1
desire the House to pass.
Mr. JULIAN. Then I ask that we may-
have an hour immediately after the tax bill is
disposed of.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I object until the
other committees shall have been called.
Mr. JULIAN. I do not mean to take the
morning hour of any other committee, but only
ask that we shall have an hour immediately
after the tax bill is disposed of, not interfering
with any other committee.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Then I withdraw the
objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana asks that the House grant unanimous con-
sent that the Committee on the Public Lands
may have an additional hour, to commence
immediately after the tax bill is disposed of
in the House. Is there objection?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object.
Mr. JULIAN. I have stated that I do not
wish to interfere with the time of any other
committee, but only that we may have an hour
after the tax bill shall be disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so stated.
Mr. INGERSOLI*. I desire to inquire if
that arrangement would affect the rights of any
other committee ? Will it postpone the morn-
ing hour, or postpone the regular call of any
other committee ?
The SPEAKER. It probably would not
come in the morning hour, but at a later period
of the day, and postpone other business which
will come up after the tax bill. What that
business will be the Chair cannot now predict.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I must
object, at least until the Committee on Appro-
priations have had an opportunity to dispose
of several little appropriation bills, which should
soon be considered.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced.
homesteads.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, repoited back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, House bill
No. 934, amendatory of the act entitled "An act
to secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain," approved May 20, 1862, andof
the acts amendatory thereof, approved March
21, 1864, and June 21, 1866.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and ordered to a third reading.
The bill was read at length. It provides
that any person who may have been in actual
service in the military or naval service of the
United States during the late civil war, and
who may have been honorably discharged
therefrom, be, and such person is hereby,
relieved from the payment of the fee required
by the several acts of which this act is amend-
atory; provided, however, that this shall not
be construed to relieve the party from the pay-
ment of the commissions allowed to the local
land officers under the homestead acts. And
provided further, that the proof of such actual
service shall be produced according to such
instructions as may be given b} the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, with a view
to give full effect to this act.
Mr. JULIAN. I desu-e to state, in one
word, the object of this bill. It simply pro-
vides that in the case of any soldier or sailor
honorably discharged from service during the
late war the five dollars exacted of the claim-
ant for eighty acres, or the ten dollars exacted
for one hundred and sixty acres, shall be re-
mitted. That is the whole bill, and I appre-
hend there will be no objection to it.
The bill is reported as a substitute for House
bill No. 199, providing large laud bounties for
soldiers, upon which the Committee ou the
Public Lands have already made a report,
which has been printed ; and as the question
of laud bounties is again agitated, I beg leave
to call the attention of the House to that
report, which is as follows :
The Committee on the Public Lands, to whom was
reiened House bill Jo. 7«9, granting bounty laud to
soldiery who have been en^ascedin the military service
pi the united States m the w.ir of the rebellion, have
nad the same under consideration, ami now respect-
fully submit the following report;
