420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
entitled to all the legal rights and privileges
which that fact guaranties him, among which
all exemption from the charge of treason, a
crime which can only be committed against the
Government to which allegiance is due. An-
other right of an alien is by virtue of a law of
the British Government to be tried by a mixed
jury, one half foreigners, if so many are found
in the place; but both of these rights were
denied John McMahon because the court ruled,
in accordance with the demands of sovereignty,
that John McMahon remained as be was born,
a subject of the British Crown and was guilty
of treason against the same. My opinion is
that we should demand the release of those
men who are natives or have become natural-
ized citizens of this Government and are now
imprisoned by the authority of the British Gov-
ernment.
And if upon investigation it be found that
they have violated laws, let their trials stand
npon their respective merits and be tried by
law, and not upon the assumed ground of the
inalienability of citizenship and in violation of
law, where the very singular spectacle is pre-
sented of the trial of an American citizSkfor
treason against the British Crown. Sir, treason
is a crime of a citizen against his own Govern-
ment and not another.
My purpose in urging this matter is to bring
the subject before the House in the hope that
it may be thoroughly investigated and the
true doctrine declared and maintained by this
Government touching this important matter.
Sir, the rights of individuals are only secured
by vigilance and firmness, and unless sustained
by the enlightened patriotism of this free people
will be lost to republics and to the world, for
even in this country treason, usurpation, and
crime have become strongly popular and have
fearfully entered into high places and allowed
to remain there through the same moral turpi-
tude which permits our citizens to cry in vain
to us for life and help in foreign prisons, where
illegally held. I hope this resolution will pass.
Mr. ORTH. I now yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. KERR. I will not avail myself of the
courtesy of my colleague this morning. I per-
haps will have another opportunity to present
my views on this subject.
Mr. ORTH. I ask for a vote on the resolu-
tion.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask that the resolution be
again reported. I merely wish to suggest to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs that as this
resolution is going to a foreign country and is
there to be severely criticised, not only in its
political but in its literary aspect, whether it
would not be proper to strike out the words
"convicted as a Fenian raider." In the first
place I would not assume there was a convic-
tion, and in the next place I would not use the
wotd "raider," because there is no snch word
in " Webster" or " Worcester." I would not
use it, because, if it means anything, it means
a predatory incursionist into another country.
The words I refer to add nothing to the force
of the argument, while they involve admis-
sions which do no good.
Mr. BANKS. It is necessary that the res-
olution should describe in some manner the
offense of which this man has been convicted.
There may be some question as to the propri-
ety of this description ; but some description
is necessary. The appeal in behalf of Father
McMahon is made generally upon the ground
or in the belief that there are circumstances
affecting his ca^e which will produce favorable
action on the part of the British Government
which eannot apply to others. It is the belief
of those who are best acquainted with the case
that the offense of which he was charged was
not well founded, as can be shown whenever
a presentation can be made. This interces-
sion is recommended on the part of the com-
mittee to the favorable consideration of the
House.
Mr. BROOKS. Why not say "alleged
Fenian," or something of that sort.
Mr. HIGBY. Has the committee before it
information of the offense charged by the Brit-
ish Government against this man?
Mr. BANKS. I do not understand the gen-
tleman's question.
Mr. HIGBY. Was not information before ;
the Committee on Foreign Affairs as to the 1
designation of the offenses charged against
this person by the British Government and of
which he was convicted? What was the offense?
Mr. BANKS. The suggestion of the gentle-
man from California is substantially correct.
The offense charged by the British Govern-
ment was generally in the language used in
the resolution. It describes in a popular sense
the offense of which he has been convicted.
Mr. HIGBY. Is not "treason" the defi-
nition of the offense?
Mr. BANKS. It is regarded as treason by
the English Government.
Mr. HIGBY. Then I Would certainly join
with the gentleman from New York [ Mr.
Brooks] in suggesting that the same defini-
tion of the offense should be used as was
given by the British Government. Let it be
explicit.
Mr. ORTH. The legal charge against Father
McMahon was "treason-felony'' under the stat-
ute of Great Britain. I am willing that the
phraseology of the resolution shall be changed
so as to read " alleged to have been convicted
on a charge of treason-felony."
Mr. BROOKS. I would prefer " alleged to
be guilty of treason," if it was treason. I would
not use the word " convicted" at all.
Mr. ORTH. I ask that by unanimous con-
sent the joint resolution be amended by strik-
ing out the words "as a Fenian raider" and
inserting instead the words "on a charge of
treason-felony."
There was no objection ; and the joint reso-
lution was amended accordingly.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed unanimously.
Mr. ORTH moved to amend the title of the
joint resolution by striking out the words "as
a Fenian raider" and inserting in lieu thereof
" on a charge of treason-felony."
The amendment was agreed to.
hobeht lynch.
Mr. PAINE, under the leave heretofore
grarited by unanimous consent, introduced a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 138) requesting
the President to intercede with the queen of
Great Britain to secure the speedy release of
Robert Lynch, now imprisoned in the province
of Canada; which was read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
titne, and passed unanimously.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
american citizens in ireland.
4
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 139) re-
questing the President to intercede for the re-
lease of American citizens imprisoned in Great
Britain and Ireland on insufficient grounds;
which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution requests the President
to interpose his official authority to effect the
immediate release of Colonel John Warren,
William J. Nagle, and any other American citi-
zens who have been arrested in Ireland under
the habeas cm-pits act, and are now imprisoned
without sufficient grounds to charge them with
the commission of anyoffense against the laws
of Great Britain.
Mr. BINGHAM. I suggest to the gentle-
man the propriety of striking out the words
"interpose his official authority" and insert
the word "intercede."
Mr, WOOD. I accept that suggestion.
Mf: MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentle-
man that he strike out the words " in Ireland."
Mr. ROBINSON. Allow me to say a word.
I think it would be well for this resolution to
lie over—I make that suggestion respectfully
to the gentleman from New York—inasmuch
as one of the leading men ifientioned in the
resolution has since been tried and convicted,
after such a trial as the British Government
can afford to give to one of our citizens.
There has been a regular trial, conviction,
and sentence. I think Ae resolution as it now
stands is not in exactly proper form, and that
it would be well for it to lay over until to-mor-
row morning, or to have it referred to some
committee in order that the proper wording of
the resolution shall bo made. Colonel John
Warren has already been convicted and sen-
tenced to fifteen years' imprisonment.
Mr. WOOD. I cannot consent to any further
delay, for we have delayed this question too long
already. I desire the House to act at once
upon this joint resolution, either by its adop-
tion or its rejection.
Mr. ROBINSON. I will say to the gentle-
man that I am as anxious as any member upon
this floor can be to have immediate action.
But I think when we do act it should be
through a joint resolution properly worded.
Perhaps the language of this resolution _can be
amended in Committee of the Whole instead
of referring it to a smaller committee. I would
urge every energy which we can exercise here
for speedy interference in behalf of these men
wrongfully imprisoned.
Mr. WOOD. I do not think the resolution
is improperly worded. It merely asks the
immediate intervention of the President, but
leaves it discretionary with him as to the manner
of such intervention.
Mr. ROBINSON. I withdraw all opposition
to the joint resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wood] why he
limits his resolution to the persons arrested in
Ireland? Why not have it relate as well to
those arrested in other parts of the British
dominions?
Mr. WOOD. I will modify my resolution
by having it read " arrested in Ireland or
elsewhere."
Mr. BANKS. I desire to make a suggestion
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
These arrests are made under a suspension of
the habeas corpus act. I think it would be
better to strike out altogether any reference to
the law under which these arrests have been
made.
Mr. WOOD. All of these arrests are un-
doubtedly made under a suspension of the
habeas corpus act.
Mr. BANKS. Still I think it would be
better to strike out any reference of that kind.
Mr. WOOD. Very well; I will modify my
resolution by striking out the words "under
the habeas corpus act."
The joint resolution, as modified, was then
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. WOOD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
orlaf e. drectzer.
Mr. MYERS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to ask that the House
consider at this time Senate bill No. 80, which
was reported from the committee the other
day, and by reason of a single objection referred
to the Committee of the Whole. I ask that
the Committee of the Whole be discharged
from the further consideration of Senate bill
No. 89, for the relief of Orlaf E. Dreutzer, late
consul of the United States to the kingdom of
Norway, and that it be considered in the House
at this time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay Orlaf E.
