304
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Marcli 28,
Ho. of Reps.
Financial Affairs—Mr. Moorhead,
40th Cong.'...2d Sess.
surrender by them of rights and powers which
they believed ought not to be yielded. They
thus effectually obstructed reconstruction and
forced on the Congress the alternative of either
abandoning all claim of guaranties for the
future or taking the only adequate means, that
of forcing guaranties upon those whom our
arms had conquered. Of course, the latter
alternative was promptly taken, and the or-
ganization of what is known as the congres-
sional scheme was begun. This system neces-
sarily involved the temporary exercise of mil-
itary power to repress disorder and protect
Unionists from rebel hate, and the creation of
a new class of voters who, loyal to the nation
and willing to accept its terms, could be relied
upon to give their influence to the cause of
peaceful and loyal reconstruction. This scheme
is in the course of accomplishment. State con-
ventions in nearly ali those States have pre-
pared constitutions which the people are dis-
cussing and adopting. Arkansas will come
asking readmission into the national councils
within a few days ; and in the next two mouths
we may hope to welcome back to their old
places Virginia and North Carolina, Georgia
and South Carolina, Florida, Mississippi, and
Louisiana. Soon loyal governments will be
erected^ over all that region; manhood suf-
frage will prove to be the happy solvent of a
treason-cursed South ; that great region, with
its unsurpassed resources and capacities, will
be restored to more than former prosperity;
and a united America—purified by the fires of
revolution—will again reappear with a mightier
power and a brighter future than ever before.
This auspicious result, which has been de-
layed by the mad ambition and treacherous
conduct of the President, and for which he is
now answering at the bar of the Senate, will
cheer the heart of every patriot. To my eyes
it will be the more grateful, as my congres-
sional life began with the Congress in which
the madness of secession was rampant. I saw
the seceding delegations depart with scornful
browsand hating hearts. How agreeable now,
in the closing months of my congressional life,
to see those States returning in the persons of
Representatives whose hearts beat with affec-
tion for our common flag, whose fealty is freely
and sincerely offered to our common country,
and whose hands are ready to aid us in strength-
ening our common institutions. Sir, as the vic-
tories of peace are greater than those of war,
so will my joy be unbounded at this, the com-
plete fruition of all my hopes, the long-anti-
cipated, the wearily-waited-for end of all our
labors and sacrifices 1
While I thus felicitate the country upon the
early close of this long contest over reconstruc-
tion, I would not conceal the fact that while
this is the greatest need it is not the only one.
On the other hand, the condition of the labor-
ing interest demands prompt and effectual
relief. During the war, when there were about
one million men in the field, who were thereby
withdrawn from industrial operations, the Gov-
ernment was a customer and purchaser of
nearly everything which our people could man-
ufacture or produce. Prices were high ; the
demand for labor was in advance of the sup-
ply ; wages were correspondingly good ; man-
ufacturers readily sold their products, and the
interna] revenue taxes, necessarily enormous,
were freely and easily paid. Now, however,
all is changed. The Government has in a great
measure ceased to be a purchaser, and the
demand for the products of labor has greatly
fallen^ off. The million men lately in arms
have in considerable part returned to their
ordinary pursuits; and the result is that the
supply of labor is in advance of the demand,
and thousands of our brave soldiers are now
unsuccessfully seeking employment with which
to earn subsistence for themselves and families.
Mills, factories, and workshops, mining opera-
tions, and all the usual means of developing
wealth are in great measure suspended, and
general stagnation prevails. This, Mr. Speaker,
is preeminently the case in my district, where
the stagnation of business operations is greater
now than it has been for a quarter of a cen-
tury, and this I believe to be the case in most
of the mining and manufacturing districts of
the country.
It is the duty of Congress to provide the
remedy for this state of things. Various plans
of relief have been proposed. If "in the
multitude of counselors there is wisdom," so
in the multitude of schemes there may be con-
fusion. But it is our task to examine all, se-
lect what may be good in each, and combinc
them into a harmonious system which will give
employment to our labor, business for our
capital, and prosperity for all. If this can be
accomplished, our absolute recovery from finan-
cial embarrassment will prove to be but a ques-
tion of time ; for with the diversified labor of
the country steadily and fittingly employed,
each in its proper department, the accumu-
lating wealth of the nation will inevitably raise
us above all our difficulties and embarrass-
ments, and secure a higher relative position
than we occupied before the war.
In the mean time retrenchment in all public
expenditures must be the rule. The machinery
of the Government must be run at the lowest
possible cost. All appropriations and sub-
sidies to States, corporations, or individuals—
no matter how noble the object or how valu-
able the enterprise—must be postponed. In
everything, exceptpensions and bounties to the
suffering and deserving among our defenders,
let us find the minimum and adhere to it.
It is also important that the labor of the
country should be relieved from the taxation
imposed by existing laws upon articles of
manufacture. A step in this direction has been
wisely taken in the passage of the bill recently
reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means "to exempt certain manufactures from
internal tax," the chief object of which is to
relieve those pursuits engaged in producing
the necessaries of life and to reduce the num-
ber of taxable articles, thereby at the same
time reducing the expenses of the internal
revenue system. This bill and that which
will follow from the same committee of which
I am a member, will provide such checks upon
illicit traffic as will, 1 hope, enable the officers
of the Government to collect the tax. The
penalties for violation of law will be increased
and ail persons committing fraud upon the
revenue be subjected to fine and imprisonment,
It is a disgrace to the nation that the tax upon
whisky, tobacco, and some other articles can-
not, under the present law, be collected ; but
it is lamentably true. The committee have
tried faithfully to supply any defects in the law,
and hope that by a strict and vigorous enforce-
ment of it and by sending all violators of it to
the penitentiary existing fraudulent rings and
conspiracies will be broken up. Should we
succeed in this the amount realized thereby,
added to the duties on imports, will not only
pay the expenses of the Government and the
interest on the public debt, but also largely
reduce the principal. In that event we can
afford to relieve other articles of taxation and
gradually reduce the business of the country
to its former condition; fori do not hold it
to be desirable to raise from taxation out of
the present generation the amount necessary
to pay or greatly reduce the principal of the
public debt. The burdens consequent, upon
the war have fallen upon us with heavj", almost
crushing, weight. Let those who are to come
after us and who are to gather the lasting ben-
efits of the struggle, and whose enlarged wealth
and power will readily enable them to meet it. I
provide for the redemption of the principal in
like manner as the successors of the men who
waged our previous wars were obliged to cancel
the indebtedness therein incurred.
It is believed by many that a return to specie
payments is the great specific for the evils which !
now afflict the country; and it is urged that it
is imperative on us to contract the currency
until there is but a small volume to redeem.
I am as anxious for a return to specie pay-
ments as the most radical advocates of that
doctrine: but I am not in favor of reaching
that result over the shattered fortunes and gen-
eral bankruptcy of the active business men of
the country, the pioneer men whose sagacity,
courage, and industry have added untold mil-
lions to the national wealth, and whose inter-
ests are a valid claim upon the consideration
of a just and enlightened Legislature. I do not
believe, sir, that the amount of currency now
in circulation in the United States is in excess
of the necessities of business, nor do I believe
it is sufficient for the legitimatewantsof trade.
While I am not an inflationist, and do not ad-
vocate an increase or new issue of "green-
backs," yet I find that the volume of our cur-
rency now is not more than equal to what it
was before the war, when wheat was one dol-
lar per bushel, iron forty dollars per ton, wages
from seventy-five cents to one dollar per day.
The rates now are more than double, and
some of them are quadruple, these figures. In
this condition of affairs a larger capital is re-
quired to carry on business, to raise and move
crops, to pay for subsistence, &c.; and it ap-
pears to me to be a folly to attempt to force
specie payments by reducing or contracting
the currency.
The true plan is so to legislate as to keep our
gold and silver at home and strengthen busi-
ness channels, instead of weakening them by
exporting gold, and then destroying them by
contraction in order to restore them to health
and activity! We are now producing more
gold and silver annually than any nation on
the globe, and I believe about as much as all
combined. What becomes of it ?
I ask the attention of the House to some
statistics which appear to me to throw a flood
of light npon this subject.
I find that from 1857 to 1867, inclusive—
eleven years—we exported of gold and silver
$702,945,883; during the same time we im-
ported, of gold and silver coin and bullion,
$175.0!)4,108; excess of coin exports $526,-
051,775. I give the table in full that the move-
ments of the various years may be observed:
cc oo cc c© oo ca> cc cc oc oo
—J c- ctj CJ '3T. c. cr-c. o- o>
—-I OUT#--CO to-* O CP 00—T
cr. bCj-IOO
5UtCW
•"COW
C'CO to CC cn O O 05^
C/5 4^ V' ~~D C/0 CC "b > Ov lo *0
cotoiosirt-occotoo'i
OC O t oyi INJ-P-O
Oobl'OCbb©M*Mcbl
O r-2 ^ - 1 d CT. C« — O --T
L-i> —-J v|OC vOTCOQ t—10
08}
I a
I SS
t*
&
O 55 O
0 a 2
rtl
! SI
g. 3
>!•
rtivOOO
-oocr.co
CitcOCpt
"J—ibvoi"'—1
g s:
*
52
During the last; six years the excess of gold
and silver exports lias been nearly three him-
