1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
180$
into that higher atmosphere where the little
ends and aims of the partisan are lost in the
contemplation of the nobler duties of an Amer-
ican citizen upon a great American question.
The ill-timed and unprovoked attack upon the
Democratic party made by the honorable gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Ortii] was calcu-
lated to excite regret rather than indignation.
Sir, the Democratic party needs no defense
at my hands. I am not bound to its defense
beyond the period in which I have had the
honor to be an humble follower of its principles.
But, as a general proposition, I do not hesitate
to say that, whether in war or in peace, in
power or out of it, that proud old party has
ever stood before the Constitution like the
sword of tiame before the gate of Paradise,
flashing out its indignant wrath upon those
who would violate that sanctuary of our rights.
There it stands, and there it will continue to
stand. Nothing can either drive or seduce it
from that position. It stands there alike in-
different to the scornful sneers of an arrogant
majority on this floor or the idle threats of
an unscrupulous band of partisan loafers or-
ganized as "loyal leagues" throughout the
land. In despite of all combinations and of
all denunciation it will stand by the Constitu-
tion as long as a pillar of it remains. Sir,
that was a proud boast of the old Roman when
he said, "As long as Rome stands the Col-
iseum will stand." Amid the storms of pas-
sion and the throes of revolution how much
prouder and grander is the aspiration and de-
termination, swelling up from millions of free
American hearts, that "as long as the Con-
stitution stands the Democratic party will
stand."
Mr. BANKS. I should be glad to have the
previous question taken this afternoon, so that
the vote may be taken on the hill to-morrow.
Mr. WOOD. I hope the gentleman will
Sermit further opportunity on this side of the
louse to discuss the bill.
Mr. BANKS. I will not call the previous
question now.
Mr. MORGAN. It was not ray intention,
Mr. Speaker, to take part in this debate. I
have listened with pleasure to the able speech
of the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs in support of the bill reported by him,
and also to the learned arguments of my col-
league, [Mr. Van Trump,] who has just taken
his seat. But I differ with my colleague as to
an important proposition stated by him. He
claims, as I understand him, that it is the duty
of the United States to declare affirmatively
that a citizen may expatriate himself.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. No, sir; I only say
that Congress ought to furnish the means to
the citizen of perpetuating the evidence of his
intention of expatriating himself—nothing
more.
Mr. MORGAN. I understood ray friend to
say that a law should be passed declaring by
what means a citizen could expatriate himself.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I said that the means
should be furnished the citizen of showing the
intent with which he left his country.
Mr. MORGAN. In the grand question of
the right of expatriation my colleague and
myself fully agree ; but I hold that the best
evidence of the intent to expatriate one's self is
the very act of expatriation ; and that no Gov-
ernment should impose conditions as to the
exercise of this right. If a Government can
impose conditions upon which a citizen orsub-
ject can expatriate himself, then it has equal
power to prohibit expatriation altogether.
Now, sir, suppose that we did enact a law pro-
viding that a declaration before a competent
tribunal should be held to be the evidence of
the intent to expatriate one's self: and that
the Governments of Europe adopted similar
regulations, could we, with such a law upon our
own statute-book, naturalize any subject of
such foreign Power who did not bear wiLh Him
the evidence of having declared his intention
to expatriate himself before he left his native
country? Cer'aiuiy not. And jet. sir, to re-
fuse to naturalize him would Le admitting that
expatriation was a privilege granted by a
prince, instead of being an inalienable right
derived from Almighty God.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. My colleague misap-
prehends me. I do not mean to assume that
the citizen who does not file his declaration of
intention may not avail himself of his inherent
right of expatriation. The amendment which
1 propose is in aid of his right, not restrictive
of it.
Mr. MORGAN. One word, sir, in reply to
the question propounded to the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
[Mr. Banks] by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] and I will yield the
floor. The honorable gentleman asked whether
the provisions of the third section, if they be-
came a law, would not involve us in a foreign
war within two weeks after the arrest of a sub-
ject of a European Power by the Government
of the United States. On the contrary, sir,
j if this hill becomes a law it will act as a pre-
ventative instead of a provocative of war. For
when, by the solemn actof this Government, it
becomes known to the nations that American
citizens, whether native born or naturalized,
cannot, with impunity, be treated by foreign
Powers as their subjects, a fruitful cause of
misunderstanding will at once and forever be
removed. Heretofore the principle on which
we have acted in naturalizing aliens has not
been well understood. It has been supposed
that although we conferred the rights ot citi-
zenship on foreign-born subjects, that although
they discharged all the duties of citizens alike
in peace and in war, that the Government was
not bound to protect them as citizens when
abroad if they happened to be claimed as the
subjects of the monarch within whose realm
by chance they were born, until at last the
voice of the people and the dignity of the Re-
public demand that we should say to the world
that there is no distinction between a native-
born and a naturalized citizen, and that a cit-
izen of the United States cannot owe allegiance
to any other Power.
Sir, the Governments of Great Britain and
the German States have not only recognized
the right, but have encouraged the expatriation
of their subjects during the entire history of
our Government. Knowing that their subjects
came to the United States with the express
purpose of becoming citizens, the princes of
Europe have encouraged immigration to our
shores, and thereby released the immigrants
from their allegiance to the Governmentsunder
which they were born, even if any release were
necessary, which I dpny. Then, sir, this act
declares—what? That if any citizen of the
United States has been arrested and is detained
upon the allegation that naturalization in the
United States does not operate to dissolve his
allegiance to his native sovereign, or if any
citizen shall have been arrested and detained,
whose release upon demand shall have been
unreasonably delaj'ed or refused, the Presi-
dent shall be and is empowered to order the
arrest and to detain in custody any subject or
citizen of such foreign Government who may
be found within the jurisdiction of the United
States, and that the President shall, without
delay, give information to Congress of any
such proceeding. But it has been objected
that such an arrest on our part would be mak-
ing the innocent suffer for the actof the guilty.
To which I reply that the people of a country,
whether citizens or subjects, are responsible
for the action of its Government so long as
they owe it allegiance. It is true that instances
of hardship may sometimes happen. If, in
consequence of some flagrant wrong committed
against our rights by a foreign potentate, we
become involved in war, who, sir, would suf-
fer? The prince who committed the wrong or
his unfortunate subjects, who were made food
for gunpowder? Suppose that a case occur
with the most powerful of the nations. An
American citizen is arrested on the shores of
Great Bi itain; a British subject is arrested on
the soil of the United States—and what then?
The gentleman from Massachusetts says war;
but I reply Hot war, but peace. Neither the
United States nor Great Britain desires to go
to war without grave cause, and negotiations
would follow, and the result would be a treaty
recognizing the natural and inherent right of
expatriation. I now yield the floor to the.
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
[Mr. Banks.] - - -
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
under the rules the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Banks,] having spoken once, is not
entitled to the floor nnless he intends to move
the previous question. 1 ' -•-• ■ • . -
Mr. BANKS. I understand that; butthegen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] has yielded
to me. " '
Mr. ELIOT. Will my colleague allow me
to offer an amendment?
Mr. JUDD. For what purpose has the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] the
floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know.'
Mr. BANKS. I propose to move an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. ELIOT. What is the condition of the
bill?
The SPEAKER. There is a motion to
recommit the bill pending.
Mr. ELIOT. Then no motion to amend the
bill is in order ?
The SPEAKER. No amendment is ia
order.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire at the proper time to
move the amendment I have indicated.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether, if the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs now moves an adjournment, he
will be entitled to the floor the next time this
subject comes up for discussion ? -
Mr. BANKS. I shall not claim it.
The SPEAKER. He would be entitled to
the floor, not for discussion, bat to demand the
previous question, if he saw fit to do so. " "
Mr. ELIOT. Does this bill come up before
the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It does not nnless the
previous question be operating upon it. After
the morning hour to-morrow the Alabama bill
comes up.
Mr. BANKS. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I have been
very much interested in this discussion and
concur in many of the remarks which have
been made. I have been much interested in
the speech of my colleague, [Mr. Van Trump.]
I am not precisely certain how far the right of
expatriation should extend, and in order that
we may have the consideration of the House
on another branch of the subject that has not
yet been presented I suggest an amendment
to the bill, which I send to the Clerk's desk to
be read, in order ^ that it may be considered
when the bill again comes before the House.
The Clerk read as follows: ;
Add to the first section of the hill the following
proviso :
Provided, That no citizen who has voluntarily
entered and is actually engaged in the military or
naval service of this Government can lawfully exer-
cise the right of expatriation during the time he
may, in pursuance of law, be liable to render such
military or naval service.
Mr. JUDD. Will the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs allow ine
to make a suggestion as to the order of busi-
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. JUDD. It must be evident that there
are a number of gentlemen who desire to dis-
cuss this question, and I suggest to him whether
he cannot, consistently with his views, move to
make the bill the special order for some day?
Mr. BANKS. It is the special order now.
Mr. JUDD. Let it go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and be
made the special order there.
Mr. BANKS. By referring it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
we lose it. If we do not dispose of it this
week we lose it altogether.
The SPEAKER. This bill will come up,
