1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40'XII 0ON(}....2D Sess.
Purchase of Ala-ska—Mr. Paine.
Ho. of Reps.
dred and fifty millions. If our annual product
had remained in the country, even in consid-
erable proportion, it is very certain that we
could soon resume specie payments, for the
product of a very few years, added to the sum
on hand, would form a basis sufficiently deep
and broad to float $1,000,000,000 of currency
instead of the six or seven hundred millions
now in existence, and it would, at least, he
abundant for resumption.
how can gold be kept at home?
How eau this gold be kept at home? Not
by arbitrary enactments forbidding its export-
ation and affixing penalties therefor; but the
true and the traditional plan, taught us by our
fathers and by their English ancestry under
like circumstances, is for the Government to
legislate so as to develop its own resources,
encourage and protect its labor, guard the in-
terests ol producers against hurtful and unequal
competition, increase old products and create
new ones, and, by the benefits of a diversified
industry, add to the wealth of the nation,
sweU its exports, and give the country com-
mercial strength and character. It was from
this general view that I voted for the repeal of
the tax on cotton. I believed that the produc-
tion of that article might be stimulated and
largely increased by the removal of this excep-
tional and heavy imposition, and that its re-
appearance among onr articles of eommcrce
would be attended with unspeakable benefits
to the section producing it, to the carrying
trade of the country, to the cotton manufactur-
ing interest, and to the general interests of all
classes. This bill, I am glad to say, has be-
come a law ; and Congress has established a
precedent which may be wisely followed in the
future, as circumstances may permit.
During the eleven years referred to—from
1857 to 18G7, inclusive—I find, on examining
statistics from official sources, that—
The total imports of foreign merchan-
dise were $3,46S,23t,718
The total exports of domestic merchan-
dise  0,0S0,509,640
Total excess t>f imports over exports.. $378,725,078
This sum has been contributed by this coun-
try, during these eleven years, to the support
of European labor, the encouragement of Eu-
ropean institutions, and the maintenance of
European ideas, to the direct denial of the
claims, interests, and prosperity of our own
people. The nation has thus been buying an
annual average of over thirty million dollars
more than it has sold, and lias gone in debt to
that amount—a course of trade the direct re-
sult of unwise legislation, which, if persisted
in, will lead necessarily and inevitably to bank-
ruptcy and decay.
PECULIARITIES OF THE AMEKICAX JlAliKET.
The position of our country as a market is
peculiar. Under the high prices of labor and
subsistence created by the war the cost of all
manufacturing, mining, and agriculture has
been greatly increased, while prices have been
substantially unchanged in Europe. Our mar-
ket has, therefore, become the best in which to
sell, and foreign products are thrown upon us
beyond all precedent. Were it not that duties i
on imports are required to be paid in gold we
would be entirely tributary to the manufac-
turers of the Old World. This, I fear, will
yet be the result if specie payments should be
reached before we return to our normal con-
dition. The rapid contractionistseeks to hasten
this result, forgetting or disregarding the preg-
nant fact thatliis result would be reached through
the desolation of business, while ours would be
reached harmoniously with general prosperity.
A GENEKAI, SYSTEM PROPOSED.
I would have this Congress so legislate that !
foreign imports would be reduced to a sum for !
which our exports, without gold and silver coin .
or bullion, would be an equivalent. In doing !
this I would increase the duties upon all arti- j
40th Coxes. 2d 20.
cles of luxury which the rich who use tliem
can afford to pay for. On articles, also, man-
ufactured in this country I would increase the
duty to the point of protection, so as to reduce
the quantity received rather than open freely the
flood-gates and be submerged in the flowing
tide ; but so adjusting the system as not to re-
dace the reveuue below the existing jield, but
giving us a smaller quantity of goods with
which to glut our market.
This legislation is practicable as a system,
and if adopted would inevitably produce re-
suits of_ the highest value to the whole country.
Adopt it and our industry will be awakened,
the balanceof trade will be in our favor, skilled
laborers will flock to us for homes and fortunes,
manufacturing will spread throughout our bor-
ders, producer and consumer will be brought
together, and this nation will soon become, as I
believeitis her destiny to be, the wealthiest, most
prosperous, and most powerful of all national-
ities. thus, at the same time, most effectually
crushing all propositions, under whatever pre-
texts, which are aimed at the national credit, or
if adopted would tarnish our financial honor.
Piirdiase of Alaska.
SPEECH OF HON. H. E. PAINE,
OF WISfOXSIN,
Ik the House of Eepbesextatives,
March 21, 1868,
The House being in the Committee of the Whole
on tlie President's annual message.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Chairman, the burdens
of taxation beneath which our people now
struggle are so oppressive that I for one can-
not vote to appropriate §7,000,000 of their
money to pay for the Russian possessions in
America, unless convinced that as a llepre-
sentative I am constitutionally, and therefore
morally, bound to fulfill the promise which the
President and Senate have made. Host of the
advocates of this appropriation insist that we
cannot withhold it without a breach of solemn
duty ou our own part and of plighted faith on
the part of the nation. With me theonly ques-
tion in the case is that which I now rise to
debate, whether we have or have not a consti-
tutional right to grant or refuse, at our discre-
tion, an appropriation of the money promised
by the President and Senate to the Russian
emperor for his American possessions.
It is provided in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States that the President—
"Shall have power, by and with the advice and
consent of tiie Senate, to make treaties, provided
two thirds of the Senators present concur."
The treaty power conferred by this provision
must assume one of the three following forms,
namely:
_ 1. The power to make all engagements recog-
nized as treaties by the law of nations, whether
the acts to be performed fall within the scope
of the powers delegated hv the Constitution to
the United States, or within the scope of the
powers reserved to the States and to the people. ]
2. The power to make such, and only such, j
treaties as can be fui/iilcd by the exercise of •
the powers delegated by the Constitution to the j
United States. j
3. The power to make such, and only such, j
treaties as are not only included within the i
scope of the powers delegated to the Federal |
Government, but are also capable of fulfillment j
without the exercise ot any of the powers vested ,
exclusively in the legislative department of j
that Government. 1
If we find the last to be the correct interpret- I
ation of the Constitution, if it confers upon the I
President and Senate the power to make only \
such treaties as fall within the limits of the '
Federal powers delegated bv the Constitution. '
and can at the same time be fulfilled without i
the exercise of any of the powers vested ex- i
clusively in Congress, then weshall also find it
to be both our right and our duty to exerei.se
the freest discretion in deciding whether to
grant or withhold die appropriation of the
amount stipulated in the recent treaty with
liussia. But if either of the other interpreta-
tions is correct, I admit that .we are bound by
the strongest obligations, constitutional and
moral, to make the appropriation without
stopping to discuss the merits of the treaty.
.the first question encountered, then, is
whether all the treaty power of sovereignty is
conferred by the Oonstil iition upon the Federal
Government. Let us decide this question, if-
we can, before we inquire by what branch of
the Government or in what manner this power
is to be exercised. The extent of the treaty
power vested by the Constitution in the Fed-
eral Government would involve comparatively
little difficulty if our Government were a sim-
ple and not a complex sovereignty; if it were a
single, central Government, clothed with all
governmental powers, and not, as it is, a com-
pound Government, with one portion of them
vested in the Federal Government, and the res-
idue reserved to the States and people. If ours
were such a Government, it would not be pos-
sible to doubt, that the treaty power, conferred
by the Constitution upon the Federal Govern-
ment, was the entire treaty power of sover-
eignty as known to the law of nations.
But inasmuch as the powers of the Federal
Government are limited, and all not delegated
by the Constitution to the United States nor
prohibited by it to the States are reserved to
the States respectively or to the people, the
question arises whether the President and the
Senate in the exercise of the treaty power are
excluded from those reserved powers of the
States and people, or may, through the device
of a treaty, invade them at their discretion ;
whether the Federal Government, while in the
exercise of the treaty power, is restricted to
certain subjects and modes, or is absolutely
unrestrained ; whether the Federal Govern-
ment can, by means of a treaty, compel a State
to perform an act the performance of which
is, by the Constitution, left to the discretion of
the State; whether the President and Senate
can do by treaty that which the whole Gov-
ernment is forbidden to do in any way.
The clauses of the Constitution relating to
the treaty power are in the following words:
The President—
"Shall have power, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to tnn,k« treaties, provided
two thirds oi tboSenators present concur."
State shall enter into ani' treats', ailianee, or
confederation." "No State shall, without the eon-
sent of Congress, enter into any agreement or com-
pact with another 8tate or with a foreign Power."
In 18")7 the President, at the request of the
Prussian minister, required the opinion of At-
torney General Gushing respecting this power
of the PreSWent and Senate to override State
laws bv treaty stipulations. Mr. Cashing, in
his opinion, holds that the power which the
Constitution bestows on the President to make
treaties, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, is not only general in terms and
without any express limitation, but is accom-
panied with absolute prohibition of the exer-
cise of treaty power by the States; and that,
therefore, in the matter of foreign negotiation,
the States have conferred the whole of then-
power, in other words, all the treatv powers
of sovereignty, on the United States. "lie bases
his conclusion upon two assumed propositions
of tact.: first, that the treaty power conferred
by the Constitution upon the Federal Govern-
ment is undefined; and second, that all treaty
power is withheld from the States. Granting,
for the sake of argument, that these proposi-
tions are true, will they sustain his conclusion ?
Is it reasonable to assume that the framers
of the Constitution, which withholds such a
largo proportion of public acts from the juris-
diction ot the Federal Government altogether,
intended to authorize that Government, by
