1868.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
8858
Georgia, and Alabama, and for the meetings
of the Legi.-latures of said States.
The message further announced that the
Senate hud passed a bill (S. jSTo. 49) to revive
and continue in force the act of the 29th July,
1850, and the act amendatory thereof of the
2d of April, 18-52 ; in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
steamer wampaxoag.
Mr. PIKE, r ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution :
Revolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to furnish this House with ;i copy of his order
of the 13th ofApri), 1868, directing atrial of the Uni-
ted States steamer Wampanoag, together with the
reports ot the trial of said vessel made previous or
subsequent to said order, and such other information
as the Department possesses relative to the efficiency
or non-efficiency of that particular vessel or that class
of vessels.
Mr. CHANLER. What is the object of
that ?
Mr. PIKE. To get at information about
that class of vessels.
Mr. CHANLER. I have no doubt of that;
but who owns this vessel?
Mr. PIKE. The Government.
Mr. CHANLER. Is she for sale?
Mr. PiKE. She is not.
Mr. CHANLER. What is the specific ob-
ject?
Mr. PIKE. To learn the efficiency of this
class of vessels.
Mr. CHANLER. Is she an isolated instance?
Mr. PIKE. She is a steamer of about three
thousand tons, and made a trial trip the other
day. We want information in relation to that
trial trip. That is all there is of it.
Mr. CHANLER. All right.
The resolution was agreed to.
GOVERNMENT OP THE ARMY.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs
a bill (H. K. No. 1873) establishing rales and
articles for the government of the armies of
the United States ; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted to the committee.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, by unani-
mous consent, the foregoing bill, together with
other bills reported from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, were allowed to be considered at
the evening session ordered by the House on
Friday next.
Mr. GAKFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TREATY WITII TUB CIIEItOKEES.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. _ I ask unani-
mous consent to offer the following resolution:
Itenolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
and directed to furnish to this House as soon as
practicable the appraisments of lands made in pur-
suance of the treaty ot July 19,18(56, between the
United States and the Cherokee nation of Indians.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I object.
citizenship of indians, etc.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced, and the regular order is the
call of the committees for reports. If there
are no further reports from the Committee on
Manufactures, the Committee on Indian Affairs
is next in order.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported back the petition of
J. G. Olney, and others of New York, in
reference to extending the rights of citizenship
to Indians; also, the petition of the Peace
Society of Pennsylvania for more peaceful
relations with the Indians ; also, fifteen other
petitions on the same subject ; all of which
were laid on the table, and the committee was
discharged from their further consideration.
SAMUEL KELLY.
Mr. MILLER moved that the Committee
on Invalid Pensions be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Samuel
Kelly for an increase of an invalid pension
under the act of June 6, 1866, and that the
same be referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions and of the War of 1812.
The motion was agreed to.
sakaii a. biugqs.
Mr. MILLER also moved that the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of
Sarah A. Briggs for an increase of pension,
and that the same be referred to the Commit-
tee on RevoluAonary Peubionsaud of the War
of 1812.
The motion was agreed to.
DENT, YANTINE & CO.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1371) for the relief of Dent, Van tine & Co.,
for provisions furnished to the Indians of
California during the years 1851 and 1852;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Dent, Yantine
k Co., for provisions furnished to the Indians
of Canfo rnia duiing the years 1851 and 1852,
the sum of $25,327 SO, the same to be appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. CULLOM. I make the point of order
that this is an appropriation bill, and must
receive its first consideration in the Committee
'of the Whole.
Mr. WINDOM. I hope the gentleman will
not insist upon his point of order.
Mr. CULLOM. This is an old claim; I
insist upon my point of order.
Mr. WINDOM. Because this is an old
claim, aud these parties have been kept out
of what was justly due them all this time, that
is no reason why they should not now be paid.
Mr. CULLOM. 1 insist upon my point of
order.
The bill was accordingly referred to the
Committee of the Whole.
CONTROL OF INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, also reported a bill (H. R.
No. 1375) to transfer to the Department of
the Interior certain powers and duties now
exercised by the Secretary of the Treasury in
connection with Indian affairs; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
powers and duties devolving upon the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, under and by virtue of
the fourth section of the act entitled "An act
making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1849, and for other purposes," approved
July 29, 1848, and the powers and duties
devolved upon him under and by virtue of the
laws relating to the investment of moneys in
behalf of the Cherokee Indians from the sales
of land under the treaties concluded at Pon-
totoc, October 20, 1882, and at Washington
city, May 24, 1834, as also all other supervis-
ory and appellate powers and duties in regard
to Indian affairs which may now by law be
vested in the Secretary of the Treasury, shall,
from and after the passage of this act, be exer-
cised and performed by the Secretary of the
Department of the Interior.
Mr. CHANLER. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. \\ indom] in
what stage is the present condition of these
Indian affairs, whether in the handsHif the
military power or the civil power, and whether
this bill relates in any way to the struggle
about this matter now going on between those
two powers ?
Mr. WINDOM. I will state all there is in
this bill as I understand it, aud I think i fully
understand it. By some anomaly the Secretary
of the Treasury now has charge of about fif-
teen hundred Indians in North Carolina,while
the Secretary of the Interior has charge of all
the Indians in every other portion of the Uni-
ted States. I hold in my hand a communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Treasury, ask-
ing that these Indians in North Carolina may
be transferred to the jurisdiction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior. Those two Cabinet offi-
cers have drawn up a bill for the purpose of
accomplishing that result, which bill I have
simply copied, and now report to the House
by the direction of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, who have examined it, and think it
should pass.
Mr. ALLISON. As this bill was read I
noticed something in it in reference to an
investment of the Cherokee trust,fund. I would
ask the gentleman to give the House some
explanation of that matter.
Mr. WINDOM. At the time the Cherokees
were removed from North Carolinia a provision
was made that tho e who remained behind
should have fifty-three dollars each set apart
to them as a permanent fnnd, the interest of
which was to be paid annually. About fifteen
hundred of them remained behind, and they
have been under the charge of the Secretary of
the Treasury, who has been paying to them
the interest on that fund of fifty-three dollars
each. The desire on the part of both the
Interior and the Treasury Department is that
these Indians shall be transferred to where the
others are.
Mr. ALLISON. How are those funds in-
vested ?
Mr. WINDOM. They are simply in the
Treasury of the United States ; they are not in-
vested in bonds at all. We make no provision
with reference to that.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to ask the
gentleman another question—whether or not
the Secretary of the Interior can draw upon
this fund under this bill except through the
Secretary of the Treasury? How can he reach
this fund which is set apart?
Mr. WINDOM. He can reach it, I suppose,
as he reaches all other funds that are in the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. ALLISON. By requisition?
Mr. WINDOM. By requisition.
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Speaker, it seems that
this treaty whs made twenty or tbirtj years ago
with these Cherokee Indians ; and by the ac-
tion of the Government of the United States,
certain funds were allowed to remain in the
Treasury subject to the order of the Secretary
of the Treasury. This is not a fund to be now
created anew, but it is, as I understand, pro-
posed to draw from the fund that has already
been appropriated years ago for this object.
Itseemsto be now the determination of those
Indians to remove, and to reside with their
fellow Indians who have gone to the country
allotted them in the Indian territory. These
Indians who remained in NorLh Carolina have
been the victims of the most atrocious swin-
dling. Agents have come here pretending to
represent them. One gentleman by the name
of Thomas came here years ago aud drew the
amount due to each Indian and bought some
fifty thousand acres of land and held it in his
own name; and these Indians are now deprived
of every dollar of the interest upon that money,
the property being now levied upon to he sold
for the individual indebtedness of Thomas.
The man has been deranged for two or three
years, and is now, or was recently, in a lunatic
asylum. These Indians do not ask for reim-
bursement of that money ; but they ask this
expenditure out of the interest due to them
upon the appropriation heretofore made, which,
under the contract by the Government, was to
inure to their benefit if they remained in North
Carolina, and they have remained there. I
will say further, that during this dreadful and
bloody rebellion, which is costing this House
so many days of labor in pardoning the men
who were engaged in it, those Indians were
under the stars and stripes of the United States;
and now they come up as the wards of this
Government and ask that this allowance shall
begranted to them out of the original fnnd, so
