422
thk Congressional glOSb.
January 9,
a joint, resolution (H. R. No. 140) to provide
for a commission to examine and report on
meters for distilled spirits; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. SCELENCK. I will ask to have the
joint resolution read, and then if any explana-
tion is desired in regard to this question of
meters and what has been done by the com-
mittee I will explain it.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
for the creation of a commission of five per-
sons to be appointed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, whose duty it shall be to carefully
examine all meters and mechanical contriv-
ances or invention that may be presented to
them intended to measure, test, and ascer-
tain the productiveness of grain or other arti-
cles prepared for distillation, or the actual
quantity and strength of distilled spirits sub
ject to tax produced therefrom, giving due
notice of the times and places where such
examination will be conducted, and that the
commissioners shall meet and proceed to the
peformance of their duties, under instructions
of the Secretary of the Treasury, at the earliest
practicable day, and shall report in detail to
the said Secretary, to be communicated to Con-
gress, the results of their examination, with
such recommendations as they may deem expe-
dient and most to the interests of the Govern-
ment, on or before the 15th day of February
next.
The second section provides that pending
the action of the commission, and until their
report be made and a meter shall be by law
adopted, all work in the construction of meters
under the direction of the Treasury Depart- j
ment shall be suspended, and in the mean time
no farther contracts for meters shall be made
by the Secretary of the Treasury under the
fifteenth section of the act of March 2, 1867.
The third section authorizes and directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro- <
priated the expenses incident to the carrying !
out of this joint resolution, and also a reason- t
' able compensation for the services of the com- i
missioners who may be thereunder appointed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
committee to ask immediate action of the
House on this joint resolution, and if no ex-
planation other than what appears on the face
of the report is desired I will ask that the
vote be immediately taken; if there is, I am
prepared to explain to the House the reasons
which induced the committee to make the
report at this time.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I would be much grati-
fied if the gentleman would Explain to this
House the necessity of this commission. Ever
■ since the passage of the law raising the tax
upon distilled spirits to two dollars per gallon
the Treasury Department and the internal
revenue department have been experimenting
to ascertain how this tax can be collected. All
the engineering of the Government at the com-
mand of those Departments has been used for
the purpose of ascertaining how this tax can
be collected. We had supposed that there
• were already officers enough in the eipploy of
this Government to ascertain these facts, and
I would ask how it is, when commissions
almost without number have been examining
and reporting upon this matter, that another
commission of five men can ascertain any more
clearly, or report any more satisfactorily to
this House, the facts and conclusions than the
Committee of Ways and Means, who have
already been examining this matter, can do.
There has been a commission examining this
very question of meters for months past, and
they have made their recommendation and
report.
I have no faith myself in any of these me-
ters ; but what better conclusion can be arrived
at from the report of this commission that it
is prepared to appoint than can be arrived at
from the report of the commission whiah has
already been examining the matter? I ask,
again, how will this commission of five be bet-
ter able to judge of this matter than the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means are? How much
more capable will this commission of five men
be to judge upon this matter than this House
itself will be after the Committee of Ways aud
Means have placed the House in possession of
all the facts? I trust that we will stop some-
where in creating commissions and extending
the number of officers and drawing money
from the over-burdened Treasury of this Gov-
ernment.
message from thk senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Seuate had passed bill of the House (H. R.
No. 369) to prevent frauds in the collection of
the tax upon distilled spirits, with an amend-
ment ; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 188)
to amend an act entitled '' An act for the relief
of the inhabitants of cities and towns upon the
public lands," approved March 2, 1867 ; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
distillery meters again.
The House resumed the consideration of
House resolution No. 140, to provide for a
commission to examine and report on meters
for distilled spirits; upon which Mr. Van
Wyck was entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Van Wyck] to give way for
the present in order that I may ask unani-
mous consent to have this joint resolution laid
aside informally, in order to take up a bill just
reported from the Senate with an amendment.
It is a bill that virtually abolishes bonded
warehouses. The amendment of the Senate
merely strikes out two words.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent.
No objection was made.
tax on distilled spirits.
The House then proceeded to the consider-
ation of Senate amendment to House bill No.
369, to prevent frauds in the collection of the
tax on distilled spirits. The amendment was
to strike out the words "in bond" in the sec-
ond line of the bill.
The question was upon concurring in the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. WOOD. Let the bill be read as pro-
posed to be amended.
The bill as amended was read. It provides
that from and after the passage of the act no
distilled spirits shall be withdrawn or removed
from any warehouse for the purpose of trans-
portation, redistillation, rectification, change
of package, exportation, or for any other pur-
pose whatever until the full tax on said spirits
shall have been duly paid to the collector of
the proper district; and all acts and parts of
acts inconsistent with the provisions of this
act shall be repealed.
Mr. SCHENCK. The House will observe
that all the Senate has done is to propose to
strike out the words "inbond," so that instead
of providing that no distilled spirits in bond
shall be withdrawn from any warehouse with-
out the payment of the tax, the bill provides
that no distilled spirits shall be withdrawn or
removed from any warehouse for the purpose
of transportation, &c., without the payment
of the tax. The*effect of that verbal amend-
ment is to remove some possible ambiguity.
The Senate Committee on Finance as well as
the Senate seemed to think that by using the
words "inbond" there might be a question
whether our remedy reached "warehouse A."
I do not quite agree with them; but if it makes
any alteration in the bill it gives a little more
precision in the exact direction in which we
desire to go. It abolishes the warehouse sys-
tem. I hope the amendment will be con-
curred in.
The amendment of the Senate was then-con-
curred in.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred
in; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
distillery meters—again.
The House then resumed the consideration
of House resolution No. 140, to provide for a
commission to examine and report on meters
for distilled spirits; upon which Mr. Van Wyck
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. VAN WYCK. All I desired to say was
to show to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck] upon what
points I wish to have information. I presume
no one knows better than that gentleman that
the great army of assessors and collectors and
Treasury agents and revenue inspectors scat-
tered over the country have all had their atten-
tion directed to this subject. They have made
reports upon reports to the different Depart-
ments from which they received their authority,
and from time to time their reports have been
spread before the country.
Now, what additional information can be
obtained from a special commission which is
to be created by this bill which the gentleman
has proposed? What other facilities or oppor-
tunities or other sources of information will
be placed before the members of this House to
decide upon this question than we already have,
or than is already in possession of the Govern-
ment?
Mr. SCHENCK. I indicated to the House
when I was up before my disposition to make
any explanation on behalf of the Committee
of Ways and Means if the joint resolution they
have reported did not, upon its face, carry a
sufficient explanation to the mind of every
one. I shall be very happy to respond to the
inquiry made by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Van Wyck.] I will endeavor, as
briefly as possible, to put the House in pos-
session of the'knowledge which the committee
have acquired upon this subject and the rea-
sons which induce them to propose this further
remedy in the direction of reform in which I
trust we all desire to go.
The gentleman from New York is mistaken,
unintentionally of course, in reference to two
or three matters. He says, for instance, that
almost from the time the internal revenue
law was established, or certainly for a long
time, we have been engaged in having com-
missions and considering the propriety of
adopting a meter for measuring the quantity
and strength of distilled spirits for taxation.
The gentleman has not, perhaps, adverted to
the law ; for if he had done so he would have
found that we never had any legislation upon
the subject until the 2d day of last March. If
the gentleman had better informed himself he
would have ascertained that there has been
but one commission, that which was appointed
by the Secretary of the Treasury under the
authority given him by the fifteenth section of
the act of March 2, 1867. That commission
consisted of Professors Hilgarde and Henry.
No report has been made by any other com-
mission on this subject. Permit me to give
the history of this matter as connected with
the legislation upon the subject of meters for
distilled spirits.
In the early part of the last year it was
thought that one of the means of checking to
some extent the frauds practiced upon the
revenue with the connivance of dishonest offi-
cials would be to have some ingenious mech-
anism by which the actual quantity of dis-
tilled spirits produced might be measured for
the purpose of taxation, measuring also the
strength to ascertain the amount of proof
spirits. A meter such in principle as that with
which we measure gas, water, steam, was
thought of as the device which had been used
elsewhere and which might be used in this
country for that purpose. This led to the
insertion of a provision in the act of March
last authorizing the Secretary of the_ Treasury
to adopt any such instrument as he might think
