1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3855
the forms of government we have, and are
just about as sharp and intelligent as white
men. and if they make an agreement such as
we have in this case, and desire us to carry it
out, 1 do not iliiiik that we should refuse to do
it. on the ground that the ignorant Indians are
our wards.
Mr. ALLISON. It is proposed that if there
should be a deficiency the Secretary of the
Interior shall be allowed to sella portion of
these securities upon the request of the repre-
sentatives of the Choctaw and Chickasaw na-
tions. Now I do not know who their repre-
sentatives may be.
Mr. PBTEllS. Their Legislatures.
Mr. ALLISON". Then I should say their
"Legislatures," or "the Chickasaw and
Choctaw nations," so that the representation
may be legal and authorized.
Mr. WINDOM. I have no objection to the
amendment the gentleman suggests ; although
I think the bill is correct now.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend this bill
by striking out the words "the representa-
tives of;" so that that portion of the bill will
read:
Or in case the Choctaw nnd Chickisaw nations of
Indians shall request it, then the Secretary of the
Interior is authorized and directed to seU such bonds
or other securities held iu tiust by the United States
for the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations of Indians
as may bo necessary to discharge their respective
obliS'iiionsto thcuforesaid loyal Choctaw and Chick-
asaw claimants, &c.
Mr. WINDOM. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Allisox was then
agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. I will add one or two
words more, and then yield to my colleague on
the committee [Mr. Shanks] for some remarks
hedesiresto makeon this subject. In making
this compromise of settlement the amount
found due to the Chickasaw Indians has been
reduced somewhat from the amount reported
by the commission. The committee felt that
us the claimants were anxious that this bill
should pass it was better to report upon the
compromise as they had made it. I now yield
for a few moments to the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Siianks.]
The SPEAKER. How much time does the
gentleman \ield?
Mr. SHANKS. I hope the gentleman will
not limit me as to time.
Mr. WINDOM. I have not much time left
of the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can yield
indelinitely, and resume the floor when he
pleases.
Mr. WINDOM. I will yield to the gentle-
man for ten minutes.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, I wish to call
the attention of the House for a few moments
to the facts of this case. Under the provis-
ions of the forty-ninth and fiftieth articles of
the treaty of Aptil 28,1800, between the Choc-
taw and Chickasaw Indians and the United
States, it was provided that there should be
appointed by the President a commission whose
duty it should be to investigate, by taking testi-
mony, and determine the amount of damages
done to the loyal Choctaws and loyal Chicka-
saws by the disloyal Choctaws and disloyal
Chickasaws during the late rebellion. When
I say "loyal Choctaws and loyal Chickasaws"
I speak of the relation which individual mem-
bers of these na! ions bore to this Government.
The Choctaw and Chickasaw nations were both
disloyal, and as such gave all the assistance in
their power to the confederacy; but a portion
of the people of both nations decided to stand
by the Government. For this they were op-
pressed by those two natiojis; their property
was seized and sold; and in the case of the
Chickasaws especially, was put into the Treas-
ury and the money arising from the sale ot the
property was used to carry on the rebellion.
The commissioners appointed under the pro-
visions of the treaty took testimony in both
those nations after giving due notice, and they
have rendered their awards to the Secretary of
the Interior. The amount found to be due by
the Choctaw government to the loyal Choc-
taws was $109,742 08. That award was filed
with the Secretary of the Interior; but for
some reason not known to myself and not
known to the world he has seen fit to decide
that the award was too high, and that lie would
not confirm it.
The provision of the treaty is that the award
shall only become final when it has been con-
firmed by the Secretary of the Interior. The
further provision was that interest should be
charged from the time the injuries had been
done, which would amountto $34,020 14from
June 28, 1803, to June 28, 1808. The amount
due to the loyal Choctaws would be, principal
and interest, §143,702 22. But when the Secre-
tary of the interior decided not to confirm that
award he carried his proposition further. He
had no power to change the award, but he
suggested—mark you, be suggested—to these
parties that they should make a compromise.
A decision had been rendered and an award
brought in after the taking of sworn testimony;
but th® Secretary suggested that there should
be a subsequent agreement made between
these parties, and there has been between the
agents of these Indians, not the Indians them-
selves. There was, in the first instance, a
solemn treaty between the Government and
these Indians in relation to this money; and
an award was made in accordance with that
treaty ; but now the Secretary of the Interior
suggests that the agents of those parties shall,
forsooth, make another agreement, which ho
proposes to confirm. Now, I take it that
these parties have no power to make that
agreement. They have no power to depart
from the provisions of that treaty and change
the award which has been made. The Secre-
tary of the Interior has no such power. But
how is it proposed to change the award? _lu
the case of the Choctaws it is proposed to strike
off the interest, amounting to $3-1,020 14. In
the case of the Chickasaws the amount found
to be due by the award was $234,000, the
interest upon that amount from August 1,
1802, being $83,070. It is proposed not only
to strike oif this interest, but also to deduct
$84,000 of the principal.
Now, 1 wantto call the furtherattention of the
House to the facts of this ease. These loyal
men have been robbed. The Government has
provided in its treaty that they shall be reim-
bursed by the people who have wronged them.
Yet these agents propose now to reduce the
award which has been made by making a
deduction in the aggregate of $201,090 14.
That is the foim in which the matter now conies
before the House ; and the Secretary of the
Interior finds it to be convenient to recommend
the approval of this scheme, by which it is pro-
posed to strike off nearly one half the amount
found to be due to these loyal Indians.
A Member. One half?
Mr. SHANKS. Yes, sir; nearly one half
is stricken oif.
I here speak for the loyal Indians. I
speak for the loyal Indians, who sacrificed their
property in the war rather than be ialse to the
Government. I wish to protect them against
a combination—I believe that it is a combina-
tion against them—to take from thpm $84,000,
besides the interest in each case, in all $20*1,-
090 14. .
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. I de-
sire to ask the gentleman if there was any
evidence before the committee that the agents
or attorneys of these loyal Indians were au-
thorized to compromise this claim by reducing
the amount of the award?
Mr. SHANKS. Not that I am aware of;
there was none. I have filed a minority report,
in which I have set forth the facts in reference
to these claims. These commissioners were to
report to the Secretary of the Inteiior their
award. That was as far as they could go.
I am asked to state the reasons assigned by
the Secretary of the Interior for not having
the award of the commission. The only reason
assigned was that there were parties here from
these Indian nations who opposed it.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Speaker, I should be
glad, if it were possible, to carry out the views
of the gentleman from Indiana. I think these
loyal Indians will not thank him for acting as
their friend here. They have been here for
two years trying to get their claims adjusted,
and they have been unable to do so. They
have had their attorney here for two years.
They have been unable to get a bill through
Congress, and they have been unable to get
the award ratified. If the over-zealous friend-
ship of the gentleman from Indiana succeeds
in carrying the House with him they will have
to wait and wander up and down here foryears
longer. 1 believe when this commission went
to take proof in reference to these Choctaw
and Chickasaw Indians they had no attorney
to resist, and this deduction is peihaps not
more than ought to be made.
Mr. SHANKS. The gentleman is in error.
Mr. WINDOM. I am not.
Mr. SHANKS. The attorney for the loyal
Indians, General Blunt, told me that they had
an attorney, and the papers so show it, who
cross-examined the witnesses. The testimony
is on file in the office of the Secretary of the
Interior, and shows the facts. The Choctaw
nation had three attorneys and the Chickasaw
nation one.
Mr. WINDOM. I am informed by the agent
who acted for the loyal Indians that they did
not have. The Choctaws did have an agent
to resist this, but the Chickasaws did not. I
hope the House will not follow the advice of
the gentleman from Indiana, and leave these
men to sutler for years longer simply on ac-
count of his over zealous friendship for them.
If the gentleman will offer an amendment, and
the House will adopt it, requiring the Secre-
tary of the Interior to pay the whole amount
awarded, I will have no objection ; only if that
be done this will be the result: the treaty which
authorized the commission to go out and make
the award also provided that it shall only bo
paid upon the ratification of the Secretary of
the Interior. If you declare for the whole
amount he will not ratify the award. I prefer,
therefore, they shall have this amount which
they have agreed to accept than go without
anything at all.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I wish to ask
the gentleman a question. Have these loyal
Indians, by agents or otherwise, agreed to the
deductions which have been made?
Mr. WINDOM. They have.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. By what au-
thority ?
Mr. WINDOM. By their attorney, who has
been here for two years.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Did I under-
stand the gentleman from Indiana to say that
the agent receives fifty percent, of the amount
of deduction?
Mr. WINDOM. If the gentleman-says so
he knows more than I do. I do not know what
percentage is received.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. What agent
receives fifty percent, of this deduction?
Mr. SHANKS. The agent of the disloyal
Indians. They give fifty per cent, on every
dollar the agent gets.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. There seems
to be a question between the gentlemen, and I
wish to know which is right. The gentleman
from Minnesota says the loyal Indians by their
attorney, have consented to this deduction.
Mr. SHANKS. They have not,
Mr. WINDOM. There are several hundred,
and they all may not have done so, but their
agent agrees to this deduction.
Mr. SHANKS. I do not deny these In-
dians may have some agent outside, but I am
not in favor of it.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow me another question?
Mr. WINDOM. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Shanks] to make a
