1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3857
No.-941) to amend certain acts in relation to
the Navy and Marine corps, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. \ AN WINKLE. from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom were referred the follow-
ing bills, reported them severally without
amendment:
A bill (II. 11. No. 117'J) granting a pension
to Mary A. Falardo, widow oi' Onesimus
Falardo, deceased, late a private in company
K, of the twelfth regiment of New York vol-
unteers :
A bill (II. It. No. 1180) granting a pension
to Phoebe McBride, mother ot Thomas Mc-
Bride, deceased, late a private in company B,
of the eighty-seventh regiment of Illinois
volunteers ;
A bill (II. It. No. 1181) granting a pension
to HariietE. Shears, widow ofJohnT. Shears,
deceased, late a private in company II, of the
fifty-seventh regiment of Illinois volunteer
infantry ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1182) granting a pension
to W ilham II. Blair, late a private in com-
pany (i, of the twelfth regiment of Maine
volunteers;
A bill (11. It. No. 1183) granting a pension
to Christopher M. Cornmesser, late a private
in the independent Iowa home guards:
^ A bill (11. K. No. 915) to place the name of
Elien Curry, widow of James Curry, deceased,
a private .soldier in company 1'', thirty-ninth
regiment. Illinois volunteers, upon the pension-
roll of the United States;
A bill (II. li. No. 1220) granting a pension
to Kate Higgins; and
A bill (II. R. No. 1221) granting a pension
to Sarah J. Rogers.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 57',)) to establish a new land district in the
State of Nebraska, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. S IEWART, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bib
(S. No. 3-19) granting aid in the construction
ol a railroad from the town of Vallejo to Hum-
boldt bay, in the Slate of California, reported
it with amendments.
DILL UNCOMMITTED.
Oi) motion by Mr. STEWART, it was
Oidcr<-d, That the bill (S. No, GoG) fur the relief of
Me*-::-. Gelott :iud Moore be recommitted to the
Committee on Post Offices anil Post ltoads.
HILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. IIAItLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 005) to declare a part of the Iowa river
not a navigable Stream ; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Cousmeice.
Mr. I'OWLEIt asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 000) granting a pension to Robert Wat-
son ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. N \ E asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 007)
to amend an act, incorporating the Washington
and Georgetown Railroad Company ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. li. No. 156) authorizing the appoint-
ment of commissioners to examine the claims
of citizens of Douglas, Johnson, and Miatni
counties, Kansas, for spoliations committed in
what is known as the Quantrell raid in August,
1803 ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
FOURTEENTH CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State bo, and he is
hereby, requested to communicate to the Senate,
without delay, a hstof the States of the Union whose
40tii Costg. 2d Sess.—No. 242.
Legislatures have ratified the fourteenth articlc of
amendment to the Constitution of the United States,
with copies of all the resolutions of ratification in his
ofhee.
And reiolvc-d further, That he communicate to the
senate copies ot all resolutions of ratification of said
amendment which he may hereafter reocivo as soon
as he shall receive the saaie, respectively.
MIDWAY IcLA.NDS.
Mr. DRAKE submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Mwotrcd, That the Secretary of the A'nvy be di-
rected to communicate to tho donate ail information
in the Xavy Depurtment in lel.ition to thodisuovei>,
Occupation, and character of the Midway Islands m
the Pacific ocean.
MKSSAGK FROM HIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives announced that the House had passed the
following bills and joint resolution ; in which it
requested the concurrenec of the Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 13-53) for the removal of
certain disabilities from the persons therein
named :
A bill (H. R. No. 1375) to transfer to the
Department of tho Inteiior certain powers and
duties now exercised by tho Secretary of the
i Treasury in connection with Indian affairs ; and
A joint resolution (II. K. No. 327) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to remit
the duty on ceitain meridian circles.
IMPROVEMENT OF MlSSlSSll'l'I lHVlilt.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 ask leave to withdraw
a motion that 1 made the other morning to
reconsider tho vote on tho passage of the bill
(II. R. No. 554) making a grant of land to the
State, of Minnesota to aid in the improvement
of the navigation of the Mississippi river. I
thought, at the suggestion of several Senators,
that there was a mistake about it., and i made
a motion to reconsider that, I might look into
it. I am satisfied by the map which I hold in
my hand, made by General Warren, and from
j a further investigation, that the bill was right
| and ought to have passed.
| The PRESIDEN T pro tempore. The motion
1 to reconsider will be withdrawn if there be no
' objection. No objection being made, it is
withdrawn.
HOtlSM BILLS KRFBHRED.
The following bills and joint resolution,
received from the House of Representatives,
were severally read twicc by their titles, and
referred as indicated below:
A bill (II. It. No. 1353) for the removal of
certain disabilities from the persons therein
named—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (II. R. No. 1375) to transfer to the
Department of the Interior certain powers and
duties now exercised by the Secretary of the
Treasury in connection with Indian affairs—to
tho Committee on Indian A fjI
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 327) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to remit
the duty on certain meridian circles—to the
Committee on Finance.
PENSION BILLS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I ask permission to
make a report from a conference committee.
ThePllESlDENT/;ro^e;«jjore. The report
will be received.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on certain pensions, submit twenty-
two reports. I will state that the committee
was full on both sides, and there was a perfect
agreement between them. There is nothing to
be submitted to the Senate but the mere ques-
tion of adopting the reports, and perhaps it
may be done by one vote to save time.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia moves that the Senate
concur in these reports. They are pension
bills on which there is no disagreement, and
they may be taken separately or collectively.
How shall it be done? ["All together.':]
The question is on concurring in the reports
of the committee of conference on these vari-
ous pension bills.
The motion was agreed to.
The following are thoTnlls covered by the
reports of the committee of conference :
| A bill (11. R. No. 373) to place the name
of Mahala A. Straight upon the pension-roll
j of the United States;
A hill (II, It. No. 450'i granting a pension
to the minor children of Pleasant Stoops:
A bill (If. It. No. 518) granting a pension
to George F. Gorham, late a private in com-
pany B, twenty-ninth regiment Massachusetts
volunteer infantry;
A. bill (H. R. No. 521) to place the name
of Solomon Zachman on the pension-roll;
A bill (H. R. No. 522) granting a pension
to W. W, Cunningham ;
A bill (II. R. No. 525) granting a pension
to Jeremiah T. Hallctt;
A bill (II. It. No. 001) granting a pension
to the widow and minor clnldren*of William
Cralf;
A bill (H. R. No. 002) granting a pension
to the widow und minor children of George B,.
Waters ;
A bill (H. R. No. 0O3) granting a pension
to Cyrus K. Wood, the legal representative of
Cyrus I). Wood;
A bill (11. R. No. 00-1) gianting a pension
to the minor children of Charles Uouier ;
A bill (II. It. No. 000) granting a pension to
Henry 11. H untcr ;
A hill (II. R. No. 009) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Myron
Wilklow;
A bill (IT. It. No. 070) granting a pension
to the widow and children of ;\ ndrew Ilobnan ;
A bill (II. 1!. No. 072) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Charles
\\r. Wilcox ;
A hill (II. II. No. 073) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Jolui S.
Phelps ;
A bill (II. R. No. 075) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Cornelius
L. Rice ;
A bill (IT. It. No. 070) granting a pension
to Thomas Connolly ;
A bill (II. R. No. 077) granting a pension
to the minor children of James lleatherly ;
A bill (II. It. No. 770) granting a pension
to John 11. Kinlay ;
A bill (II. It. No. 771) granting a pension
to J ohn 11. Lay ;
A bill (H. R. No. 773) granting a pension
to William II. McDonald ; and
A bill (H. It. No. 825) granting a pension
to J ohn W. Hughes.
TEMPORARY LOAN CERTIFICATES.
Mr. CATTELL. I move that tho Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 513.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(S. No. 513) to provide for a further jssue of
temporary loan certificates for the purpose of
redeeming and retiring the remainder of the
outstanding compound-interest notes was con-
sidered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. For the purpose of redeeming and
retiring the remainder of the compound-interest
notes outstanding, the bill directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue an additional amount
of temporary loan certificates, not exceeding
$25,000,000; such certificates to bear interest
at the rate of three per cent, per annum, prin-
cipal and interest payable in lawful money on
demand, and to be similar in all respects to the
certificates authorized by the act entitled '* An
, act to piovide ways and means for the payment
i of compound-interest notes," approved March
2, 1807 ; and tile certificates may constitute and
be held by any national bank holding or owning
the same as a part of the reserve, in accordance
with the provisions of the act of March 2,^1867.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the reading
of that bill. It is a very important bill to be
considered in the morning hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will not
be heard. I do not suppose a member of the
Senate has heard it read.
