1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
come in after line two hundred and ninety-six,
Under the head of " Nebraska
From Neilsville to Graves's Mills.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed fco.
Mr. YATES. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line two hundred and
ninety-six;
Illinois:
From Winchester, via Exeter and Oxville, to
Naples.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest that the two hun-
dred and twentieth line be stricken out. It is
but a repetition of line two hundred and ten,
owing to a misprint.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is pro-
posed to strike out line two hundred and
twenty, in these words, "from Lincoln, via
Milford, to Beaver Creek,"
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now after the words
" Beaver Creek," in line two hundred and
ten, I move to insert ''and Fort Kearney;"
so as to make the line read:
From Lincoln, via Milford, to Beaver Creek and
Fort Kearney.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to correct the
orthography of one or two words on page 12.'
In line two hundred and sixty-six, two hun-
dred and seventy three, and two hundred and
seventy-seven the word "Yaquima" ought to
be "Yaquiua."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those
clerical corrections will be considered as agreed
to, no objection being made.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer this amendment, to
come in under the head of "New Mexico,"
after line two hundred and thirty-four:
From Cimeron to Taos.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. After line two hundred
and eighty-eight, under the head of "Ne-
vada," I move to insert:
From Wellington, via Pine Grove, to Aurora.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr, THAYER. I move to insert after line
two hundred and twenty-five:
From Bartlett City, Iowa, to Lincoln City, Ne-
braska.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move, in the same place,
under the head of " Nebraska," to insert:
From West Point to Norfolk.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
bill by inserting, under the head ofMissouri,"
after line one hundred and sixty-six:
From Warrenton, via Pinckney and Holstein, to
Hopewell Academy.
From Cap-au-Grfa, via Burr Oak Valley and Dry-
densville, to Old Alexandria.
tfroin Bloomfield, via Indian Ford, Poplar Bluff,
and Little Roek, to Doniphan.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
CAPTURED AND ABANDONED PROPERTY.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the amendment
of the Senate to the joint resolution (H. R. No.
19) directing that certain moneys now in the
hands of the United States Treasurer as special
40th Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 114.
agent of the Treasury Department be covered
by warrant into the United States Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
disagree to the House amendment, and ask for
a committee of conference.
Mr, STEWART. I hope we shall have the
yeas and nays on that question. I am in favor
of the House amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I appeal to my friend
from Nevada. This matter has been discussed
over and over again in the Senate, and by a
majority of ten or a dozen this particular ap-
propriation has been agreed to by the Senate.
I submit to him that there can be no harm in
asking for a committee of conference.
Mr. STEWART. I think there is no harm
in having a vote on the question whether we
agree or disagree with the House amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; you can have
a vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion isonconcurrring in the amendment made
by the House of Representatives, which is to
strike out the third section of the Senate
amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion. The House amend-
ment, J understand, strikes out the appropria-
tion of $100,000 which was voted by the Senate
to be expended by the Secretary of the Treasury
in settling up the accounts connected with cot-
ton matters. The question is one which has
been very much discussed here. The House
' of Representatives have stricken out that appro-
priation, and I think they are right.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to occupy
the time of the Senate; I only wish to have
Senators understand precisely what the ques-
tion is. After a long debate in this body, and
the consideration of every fact in connection
with this matter that could be brought to our
attention, we decided by a large majority upon
the yeas and nays, both in committee and out
of committee, to make this appropriation to
enable the Secretary of the Treasury to close
up this business. Now, the House of Rep-
resentatives propose to strike out that section,
and my motion is that we disagree with their
amendment. I only wish to state the point
that Senators may understand what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen a-
tor from Vermont moves that the Senate dis-
agree to the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has that precedence
of a motion to recede ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion
to recede would take precedence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would not a motion to
agree to the amendment of the House have
precedence?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion would be first in order, if made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move that the
Senate agree to the House amendment.
Mr. STEWART called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 10, nays 26 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conkling,
Conness, Fowler, Harlan, Howard, Morton, Nye,
Pomeroy, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, W ade,
and Yates-—'16 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cattell, Cole,
Corliett, Dixon, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry. Freling-
huysen, Grimes, Hendricks, Johnson, JleCrecry,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nor-
ton, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Sprague, Van Winkle,
Vickers, Willey, and Williams—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Oragin, Davis, Doolit-
tle, Fessendcu, Henderson, Howe, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Kaulsbury, Tip-
ton, and Wilson—14.
So the Senate refused to concur in the House
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
ask for a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and the Presi-
dent pro tempore was, by unanimous consent,
authorized to appoint the conferees on the part
of the Senate.
THE FUNDING BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone the
unfinished business of yesterday and all prior
orders, and proceed to the consideration of the
funding bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint reso-
lution providing for the publication of the Med-
ical and Surgical History of the War.  
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a bill pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can
only be done by unanimous conseat.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill know® as the funding bill
is before the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not wish to inter-
pose against the regular course of business, and
1 suppose I could not if I should; but I wish
to appeal to Senators. This resolution belongs
properly to the morning hour, but I never can
get the floor in the morning hour, and when I
get it after the morning hour some one always
takes it from me. This matter ought to be
decided one way or the other. If the Senate
does not choose to go on with this work I am
content to have it so decided ; but I hope that
when I attempt to call it up to-morrow Sena-
tors will allow me to -call it up and have it dis-
posed of one way or the other.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust we shall proceed
with the order of the day. I shall object to
everything unless it be by a vote%f the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(S. No. 207) for funding the national debt and
for the conversion of the notes of the United
States is before the Semate as in Committee of
the Whole, the pending question being on the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Henderson] to the amendment reported by
the Committee on Finance, as a substitute for
the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish "to give notice that
'I shall offer an amendment at the proper time
to strike out in line eleven, section one, the
word '• ten" and to insert "twenty so that
the clause will read:
Such bonds to bo payable in fortyyears from date,
and to be redeemable m coin, at the pleasure of the
United States, after twenty years from date.
I desire to make a few remarks upon this bill,
and I propose to embrace the present oppor-
tunity.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, nothing
would induce me to differ with my compeer,
the able Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,]
versed, as he is, in all matters and history of
finance, except his bold statement that he for
one will vote to pay off the five-twenty bonds
in legal tenders, providing the holders do not
see fit to exchange their securities for a bond
bearing one per cent, less interest than those
now held by them. With such a proposition
I cannot agree. The solemn obligations rest-
ing upon me as a Senator and the solemn obli-
gation resting upon the Government in this
crisis of our financial struggle forbid. A strug-
gle, I say, because it is a struggle with our-
selves whether we will pay our bonds, as they
mature, in dollars or with our irredeemable
notes, made a legal tender under the pressure
of war, and, as a war measure, to be redeemed
with gold at the close of the war or funded
into United States bonds bearing interest that
should be equivalent to gold. Why did you
pay seven and three tenths per cent., interest
if you considered the principal payable in cur-
rency ? Why not have made your interest six
per cent. ? For the very reason that you re-
garded the principal and intended making the
principal payable in coin, and you paid the
one and three tenth interest over and above
the six per cent, to make it equivalent to coin
interest upon a debt, to be funded into a six
per cent, bond, redeemable after five years,
providing you should have resumed specie
payment; otherwise, to run until you could
redeem them any time during the fifteen years
next succeeding. It was doubtless thought
