1868.
m
it and to show that * meter measuring at the j
tail of the worm the proof and quantity is
a failure. If you measure proof you muat have ,
an honest distiller or an honest inspector. He
has the keys of the meter, and if an inspector
can be hired without a meter he can be hired
with one. If he can be hired to make false
gauges of whisky he car. be hired to stop the
meter, and I can stop any of thein. I never
saw one of them I could not overflow and pre-
vent. its indicating the quality by the simplest
process ia the world. For instance, take the
Tice meter. It measures the spirit at the tail
of the worm ; first, the quantity; second, the
quality or proof, it does it by means of buck-
ets. They are balanced with weights and
stand upon pivots. The liquor runs into the
bucket to the quantity of hve pound, when
the bucket turns and throws the whisky into
another bucket which measures the strength;
all you have to do is to insert a piece of
wire down to that measure so that the meter
will not turn. You must have an honest man
who will not do that.
I say now that this meter can be made so as
to obviate this difficulty, so that it cannot be
stopped from turning. It is a difficulty which
ought to be obviated. It does not obviate it
now. And what is the result if you have a
dishonest distiller or inspector?
In these large distilleries where fermentation
goes on the-beer runs into still tubs—large tubs
or vats, or whatever they may be called. The
beer is heated there into steam and then that
steam is conducted as it condenses through
pipes into the still worm ; the still worm goes
down into a tank or cask filled with water ; that
worm is entirely covered, but you can tap the
pipes between the tail of the worm and the
still in fifty places and take all the whisky, and
the meter will tell nothing about it. All these
things may be done. I have examined into
this matter, and I have come to the conclusion
that there is a way of measuring this thing
honestly, and I/will state it. The beer is not
merchantable; the mash is not merchantable.
A man cannot take the mash or beer which is
fermented and throw it on the market. Then,
if that be so, if you adopt meters at all, how
shall you test it? I say that the only way in
which you can test the quality or quantity cor-
rectly by meter is to measuise the product, which
the time the meter takes the measurement
is not a merchantable or marketable com-
modity. In that c$se there is no inducement to
steal or defraud ; but the very moment it passes
into the still worm it becomes high wine, or
after running off the high wine becomes low
wine, and both high wines and low wines are
marketable and merchantable, and hencs there
is inducement fqr fraud. I say, therefore, that
if you adopt ^ meter my judgment is that the
correct plan is to measure the product. First
measure the corn. Require the assessor or
collector, or whoever he is, to ascertain the
quantity of corn distilled, and let your meter
ascertain the quantity of beer from that corn,
and in that way you may prevent frauds, al-
though even that is not in itself sufficient to
prevent all the frauds that may be committed.
M.y theory, then, is that by measuring the
product by gauge, met er, or in any other way, you
will more nearly arrive at ^ proper conclusion
than you can by any other means. That is the
way they have of collecting this tax in some
foreign countries and I think it would be the
best way to collect it here. If you measure tl>e
beer you can tell how innch whisky it will pro-
duce. They can steal the beer, but there will
be no inducement to steal it because it is not a
merchantable or marketable product.
Well, now, let us go a little further. You
• may then take a meter of any kind and put it
on the tail of the worm of the still and tu^ke a
comparative examination of the whisky and
cprn and see whether any of these checks will
show you that there has been stealing or
(defrauding the Government. Whether this
pay be don« or not is for the House to deter-
mine and for the commission to decide when
they make their report. This is my view in
reference to the collectipq af this tax.
But, sir, let me say again that unless you can
insure moral integrity in the men that Johnson
and McCulloch appoint to office in this country
you never can Collect this tax; with all the
meters on God's earth yon cannot do it.
I know some people say, " Why, Logan is in
the habit of making- charges against people."
I never make one that is not true. I have
gone myself to the heads of these Departments
and told them that officers in their Depart-
ments were thieves and 1 could prove it, and
asked them to dismiss those men, and they
have not done it; they have refused to do it.
I have told them in the presence of our com-
mittee that they had officers who were thieves
and I had evidence of it, and they have refused
to dismiss them. How can you expect to col-
| lect the tax under such an Administration ?
I And this I tell you, that in New York city
1 to-day, as stated by the chairman of the com-
. | mittee, they have professional bondsmen, and
ji the officers who collect the tax there are in
1 copartnership with them and recognize those
bonds and approve them, knowing the fact that
they are straw bonds, and these men here in
Washington are told of it, and yet do not dis-
miss those officers. This Metropolitan Board
that they have got there are themselves not
entirely clear of a charge of this kind, fori
know facts that show that even some of them
have been connected with approving straw
bonds, and at the same time have known the
fact, and these gentlemen her<3 in Washington
have been told that fact alsp, and yet do not
remove any of them.
Sir, it is a dishonest machine from its head
to its foot, I do not care how fair the Presi-
dent, or the Secretary of tfce Treasury, or any-
body else may stand, nor do I care what their
polities are. They are themselves either dis-
honest or so ignorant that they cannot tell when
ft fraud is perpetrated against the Government;
one of the two.
Mr. PILE. Will the gentleman yield tome
for a moment at this point?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. PILE. In view of the statements of the
gentleman in reference to the appointments in
the Internal Revenue Bureau and the Treasury
Department, and especially in view of what I
myself know of many of these appointments in
the West, I wish to ask hiq  what assurance the
Committee of Ways and Means have that this
commission will be composed of such men as
j will be able and willing to report intelligently
and honestly in reference to tpe meters which
they may examine?
Mr. LOGAN. I will answer the gentleman.
We do not put in this joint resolution the
names Qf any persons to compose this com-
mission, for the reason that we did not kuow
but what it might give rise to a discussion in
reference to different men. But the Secretary
of the Treasury has agreed with the sub-com-
mittee, of which I was a member, that he would
appoint the men whose names we might suggest
to him. And we have suggested the names of
the men to bo appointed, provided this resolu-
tion shall pass; they are the names of good
men—men who, I am satisfied, will report
correctly.
Talking new about the necessity of these
things, and as I do not know that I shall ever
desire to say anything more onthis question,
I propose now while I am talking about it to
" talk it all out," to use a very common
expression.
Mr. PRICE. Will tha gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. PRICE. I would inquire of the gentle-
man whether, in the appointment of these men,
the appointments do not have to go through
the hands of the President, or whether the
appointments can be made by the Secretary
of the Treasury vithout the consent of the
President?
Mr. L0GAN. They, will be made by the
Secretary of the Treasury without the consent
of tha President,
Mr. PRICE. Then these appointments will
b$ the only ones I have any knowledge of con-
nected with the revenue department that the
President has no finger in.
Mr. LOGAN. I am satisfied that the gen-
tleman is correct; but we propose that he shall
have no finger in these appointments.
I do not charge Mr. Rollins, at the head of
the Revenue Bureau, with dishonesty. I make
no such charge; I presume he cannot help
himself, for he says he cannot. But I am sorry
to see those gentlemen all the time trying to
shield themselves behind the tenure? of-otfice
bill. They certainly can report the facts to the
President and ask him to remove these officers.
I am satisfied that, although Mr. Rollins may
be a very honest man, agreat many frauds have
been committed in his department of which he
has recently been notified, and I give notice
now that unless he does report to the Presi-
dent these men whom I and others have re-
ported to him as dishonest scoundrels in his
department I will denounce him from my place
in this House.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman has made ref-
erence to frauds committed in the city of New
York.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WOOD. Reference has also been made
by the gentleman to the revenue board estab-
lished by the Treasury Department for the pre-
vention of these frauds.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WOOD. Now, sir, as one of the Rep-
resentatives of the city of New York I desire
to say that it is unquestionably true that the
grossest frauds upon the revenue have been
committed in the city of New York, not only
by the distillers interested in the manufacture
of whisky, but by nineteen twentieths of the
officials who have been placed there for the
protection of the revenue. And I will say fur-
ther, that since the establishment of this rev-
enue board, made up of three district attor-
neys, one sub-treasurer, and one of the sub-
commissidiners of internal revenue, these frauds
have very materially increased. Instead of
facilitating the honest collection of the revenue
it appears to have established simply a board
for the promotion of fraud. And it is a very
remarkable fact that the district attorneys in
those three districts for which the board is
appointed have failed, so far as I am informed,
to prosecute and convict in a single instance
either the officials or the distillers who havo
been detected in these frauds. If the ingenu-
ity of the Treasury Department had been for a
twelvemonth applied to the sole object of con-
structing an organization to promote fraud
and to aid those who were studiously practi-
cing frauds upon the revenue, it could not
have accomplished that object more success-
fully than it has in the establishment of the
revenue board now sitting in New York.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I am very well
satisfied with the witness who has come to my
assistance in this case. I have no doubt that
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,]
being a Representative of that dwtrict, has a
knowledge of the facts. I doubt not that
facts have come to his knowledge almost every
day, as they have to mine, from prominent
individuals. I have not made charges against
the whole of that revenue board, but 1 have
said that its members are not all exceptions
to the rule, and I say so still. The evidence
before us shows that at least some of them have
connived at frauds and most outrageous swin-
dles upon the Government of the United
States.
What is the remedy for all this? You can-
not remedy the evil by a system of meters,
though that may be some assistance. The evil
cannot bo remedied by Andrew Johnson ap-
pointing thieves; it cannot be remedied by the
