1868.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30£
-iOxn Cong....2d Sess.
Purcho.se of Alaska—Mr. Paine.
Ho. of EePs.
that, so far as the treaty stipulates to pay money,
t,ue legislative sanction is required."
The arguments of some of the text-writers
In support of the power of the President and
Senate to bind the nation by treaty as to mat-
ters of exclusive legislative cognizance are
characterized by remarkable inaccuracy of
statement. Chancellor Kent, in his Comment-
aries, states that the House of Representatives,
in 1796, declared by a resolution that when a
treaty depended for the execution of any of its
stipulations on an act of Congress it was the
right and duty of the House to deliberate on
the expediency or inexpediency of carrying
such treaty into effect.
He adds that this circumstance could not be
mentioned without equal regret and astonish-
ment. And he attempts to avoid the force of
this resolution by the following remarkable
discolorations of the facts of history. He first
asserts that the resolution was a naked abstract
claim of right never acted upon, and that Con-
gress short ly after framed a law to carry into
effect the very treaty with Great Britain which
gave rise to the resolution. Whereas the fact
is that the constitutional right of Congress to
withhold the legislation required by the treaty
and the expediency of withholding it under
the circumstances of the particular case were
two distinct questions before the House ; and
ten of the Representatives, who believed in
their right to withhold the legislation and voted
for the resolution setting forth that right, did
also believe in the expediency of the particular
treaty, and therefore voted for the law—just as
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spai.dixg] pro-
poses to do in the case of the treaty now before
the House.
He observes that President Washington, in
his message of March So, 1790, explicitly de-
nied the existence of any such power in Con-
gress. His message, however, was received
by the House eight days before the adoption
of the resolution. And the authority of the
resolution of 1706 is augmented by the cir
eumstancc that, notwithstanding such a mes-
sage from such a source, the vote stood:
Yeas in the House 57
Yeas absent  6
63
Nays in the House 35
JSf ays absent  1
36
Ho concludes with this confident assertion,
that the argument in favor of the binding and
conclusive efficacy of every treaty made by the
Piesident and Senate is so clear and palpable
that it has probably carried very general con-
viction throughout the community, and this
might be considered the decided sense of public
opinion; and that this was the sense of the
House of Representatives in 181G, and the res-
olution of 1790 would not be repeated. But
the fact is that in the case of 181(5 referred to
by Chancellor Kent, which was the debate and
vote upon the bill for carrying into effect the
convention of commerce between the United
States and Great Britain, ever}' speaker opposed
to the House bill, including Calhoun. Pickering,
Gaston, and Hopkins, took the ground that the
President and Senate had the power to modify
duties by treaty, and that confirmatory legisla-
tion was superfluous and an invasion of the
pierogatives of the President and Senate:
whereas all who spoke for the bill, including
Randolph, Gholscu, Lowndes, King, and Rey-
nolds, took exactly the opposite ground, and
insisted that the treaty required confirmatory
legislation to make it valid. And the House
bill was passed January 18, 1810, by a vote of
00 to 71. The sense of the House of Repre
sentatives in 1816 was exactly the opposite of
what Mr. Kent states it to have been. And
the resolution ol 1700 was rather affirmed than i
repudiated by that vote. The Senate had three [
days earlier passed their own bill, enacting that ;
all acts in conflict with the treaty should be
deemed and taken to be of no force or effect.
This was tantamount to a declaration that the
treaty could not, without an act of legislation,
alter the duties. And by the statute, passed
after conference by both Houses, it was enacted
that so mucli of any act as imposed higher
duties on British than on American bottoms,
contrary to the treaty, should be deemed and
taken to be of no force or effect.
In his letter to Mr. Giles, dated Deeember31,
1795, Mr. Jefferson expressed the opinion that
it was the true theory of our Constitution that
when a treaty is made involving matters con-
fided by the Constitution to the three .branches
of the Legislature conjointly the Representa-
tives are as free as the President and Senate
were to consider whether the national interest
requires or forbids their giving the forms and
force of law to the articles over which they
have a power. And in a letter to Mr. Madison,
of date March 27, 1796, he said that, while this
doctrine was not without its difficulties, they
were not so insuperable as those of the oppo-
site theory, which he insisted would in fact
annihilate the whole of the powers given by
the Constitution to the Legislature.
Of course, if we look to the executive de-
partment of the Government for authorities,
we shall find many to sustain the broadest pos-
sible construction of the treaty power. But it
is certainly remarkable that in Mr. Wheatou's
treatise the instructions of Mr. Calhoun, Secre-
tary of State in. 1814. to Mr. Wheaton, then
minister to Prussia, respecting a proposed cus-
toms treaty with the Zoll-Verein, in which he
asserted the right to change and regulate duties
by treaty, and said:
"So well is the practicc settled that it is believed
it lias never before been questioned;"—
Are cited as authority, when not only had scores
of statesmen, from 1796 to ISiO, repeatedly
and successfully assailed that precise practice,
but in 1843 Mr. Upshur, the predecessor of
Mr. Calhoun in the office of Secretary of State,
had actually instructed Mr. Wheaton, respect-
ing the very same treaty, to bear "always in
mind that the sanction of Congress, as well as
of the Executive, will be indispensably re-
quired;" and this was the precise issue in the
great contest of 1816, in which Mr. Calhoun him-
self was a conspicuous leader and was signally
defeated ; and, moreover, scores, if not hun-
dreds, of statutes refute the assertion.
Mr. Wheaton declares that—
"Under the Constitution of the United State?, by
which treaties made and ratified bv the President,
with tlio advice and consent ot' the Senate, are de-
clared to bo ' the supremo hit of the land,' it seems
to be understood that the Cougicss is bound to re-
deem the national faith thus pledged and to pass the
laws necessary to carry the treaty into effect."
This statement must have had no little
weight, not merely in foreign countries, where
there is comparatively little opportunity to
verify it, but also in our own country, even
upon reflecting minds not specially'informed
upon this subjects.
Now, Mr. Wheaton was himself a diplomat-
ist for more than twentv years. The ordi-
nary esprit da corps and natural inclination
ampliare jurisdictionem, abundantly explain
and excuse what only purports to be a mere
expression of opinion. But Mr. Lawrence,
his aunotator, seems to have been betrayed,
by devolion to a favorite constitutional theory,
into an unfair statement of the legislative and
judicial authorities bearing upon the question.
He states the results of the contests of 1796
and 1810 to have been exactly the reverse of
what they were. Ho asserts, also, that Presi-
dent Jackson's recommendation of reprisals
upon Prance, in case indemnity should not be
made by the French Legislature for spoliations
on our commerce, is an authority for the doc-
trine that Congress is bound to appropriate
money to cairy out treaties when made by the
President and Senate. Accepting General
Jackson as an expounder of the Constitution,
for others as well a« for himself, we shall find
his exposition very different from that indi-
cated by Mr. Lawrence.
For a quarter of a century the French" Gov-
ernment had, under circumstances of great
aggravation, postponed the payment of claims
due to our citizens for the most indefensible
wrongs and depredations. At length a treaty
was made by which these demands were liqui-
dated. But for two years the Franch Chamber
failed to appropriate money to pay them, and
President Jackson, in his annual message of
1834, suggested compulsory measures in the
event of further delay. But the gravamen of
his charges against France was, not that the
Chamber had neglected to appropriate when
required by the king's treaty, but that it had
neglected to appropriate when called on to
discharge a long-deferred and most urgent de-
mand of American citizens. '- General Jackson
stood not upon his bargain, but upon the merits
of his claim, which was older than the treaty
by twenty-five years. If by the treaty the king
had agreed not to pay an old debt, bat to pay
five million francs for a new island, and the
Chambers had declined to appropriate, exercis-
ing a right secured to them by the French Con-
stitution, President Jackson's message would
have been, not just and patriotic, but barbar-
ous and preposterous.
Mr. Lawrefice refers to the fact that the Senate
declined to ratify the treaty with the Zoll-Vcrein
of 1844, the Committee on Foreign Relations
having reported that it was—
" An innovation on the ancient and uniform prac-
tice of the Government to change (by treaty) duties
laid by law"—
And that—
"The Constitution in express terms delegates the
power to Congress to regulate commerce and to im-
pose duties, and to no other, and that tho control of
trade and the function of taxing belong without
abridgment or participation to Congress."
And he proceeds to say that these objections
made to the Zoll-Verein treaty seem no longer
to be deemed tenable, inasmuch as the Cana-
dian reciprocity treaty, though materially vary-
ing the existing tariff, was at once ratified and
a law to carry it into effect passed, as of course,
through Congress. But, if he did not know,
it was certainly his duty to know that by the
express terms of that treaty it was not to take
effect at all, unless or until Congress should
provide the legislation necessary to carry it
out. Congress enacted a law exempting the
specified Canadian products from dnty, so as
to give the treaty validity, and then the Presi-
dent proclaimed the treaty.
Another important fact is to he mentioned.
By a joint resolution approved January 18.
1805, Congress directed the President, to notify
the British Government of the termination of
this treaty, and Mr. Seward, in obedience to
this resolution, on the samedaysent the notice
in a dispatch to_Mr. Adams, although the treaty
in terms authorized the high contracting par-
ties" to give such notice without specifying
Congress at all.
Among the Representatives who in the mem-
orable debate of 1790 took the position that
Congress was hound to carry out the treaty
were Murray, Smith, Harper, Griswold, Scdg-
«ick, and Buck. These were their arguments:
Mr. Murray was of the opinion that, inasmuch
as a treaty, if constitutional, was the supreme
law of the land, the House had no right to
inquire into its merits.
Mr. Buck said: the executive power is\ested
in the President, as is also the treaty-making
power; and treaties are the supreme law. The
House must, therefore, grant appropriations,
otherwise it makes treaties. Tho House might
as well withhold appropriations for the salaries
of the Unite! States judges.
Mr. Smith reasoned as followsthe President
and Senate have the power to make treaties ;
tho Representatives, in common with their fel-
low-citizens, are hound to do all in iheir power
to carry them into operation, except when'
