THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July
Mr. EDMUNDS: I heard it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to hear it read.
The PRESIDENT pro tern-pore. Unless
order can be preserved, there is no use of
reading bills or anything else.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. In addition to hearing
the bill read, I should like to hear from the
Senator who has it in charge some statement
or information in regard to it.
Mr. CATTELL. The statement in regard
to the bill is a very simple one; it can be made
in a very few words. There are now outstand-
ing about thirty millions of compound-interest
notes, all of which will mature prior to the 15th
of the coming October, and of course must be
paid by the Government, as they are obliga-
tions falling due. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury is of opinion that the Treasury is not in a
condition to pay out of its own resources this
amount in addition to the current expenses of
the Government, and the necessary amount to
be laid aside for the sinking fund in accord-
ance with law. It is evident, therefore, that
some provision of law must be made to take
care of the obligations of the Government fall-
ing due, and necessarily to be paid.
At the last session of Congress there were
some eighty millions of these notes outstand-
ing, and upon the recommendation of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury the Finance Committee
unanimously recommended the passage of a
law issuing these temporary certificates to the
amount of $50,000,000, which would cover the
sum falling due up to the meeting of the pres-
ent Congress. The Secretary of the Treasury
at that time recommended the issue of these
certificates to the extent of $100,000,000, for
the purpose of redeeming the whole of these
notes. There are now $30,000,000 outstand-
ing, and the Finance Committee, in considering
ihe subject, have unanimously arrived at the
conclusion that the simplest, cheapest, an_d
easiest form of meeting this indebtedness is in
the way of these temporary loan certificates at
ihree per cent. I hold in my hand a letter
j'rom the Secretary of the Treasury, to whom
ihis bill was sent, and whose opinion was asked
upon it by the Finance Committee. He says:
Treasury Department, June 18,1868.
Dear Sir : I have merely time to acknowledge tho
i ecei{>t of your favor of the 17th instant, and to say
ihat henato bill 543, to provide for a further issue
of temporary loan certificates, &c„ has my hearty
.'Pproval.
Very truly yours, Ii. MoCULLOCII,
1 Secretary.
Hon. A. G. Catteli,, Vnittd States Senate.
It is the cheapest form of loan, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the Government now has, and it is
a loan which in my judgment, being held as a
portion of the reserves of the banks, maybe
continued during the whole time of the exist-
ence of those bank charters, if the Govern-
ment shallso desire—a loan at three per cent,
in currency ; the cheapest and most desirable
'nan, in my judgment, which the Government
can possibly have. I have also inquired of the
Comptroller of the Currency in regard to this
loan in its relations to the banking institutions,
and I hold in my hand a letter from him on
the subject, which I beg permission to read to
the Senate.
Mr. Hulburd replies to a note I addressed
him, as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office of Comptroller of tub Currency,
Washington, June a>, 1868.
Dear Sir: I am just in receipt of a copy of the
bill introduced by you June, 13, "to provide for a
further issue of temporary loan certificates," &e.
1 am glad to see this action on your part, and hope
you will succeed in getting it through the Senate.
When the act of March 7,1807, was introduced, which
provided for the issue of $100,000,000 of three per cent,
certificates, it was cut down by a committee of con-
ference of the two Houses to one half the original
amount. I was then, and am still, of the opinion
that the national banks of tho country could carry
with ease $100,000,000 of these certificates, and would
be glad to do it probably for tho whole duration of
their corporate existence, I should regard the loan
as quite as permanent as if it were made redeemable
in twenty years, and as advantageous and affording
a most valuable reserve to the banking interests ot
the country.
I notice that your bill contemplates the issue of
825,000,000. I hope the Senate will increase the
amount to $50,000,000, as I have no doubt that
amount would be readily taken, and that it would
prove the cheapest loan ever mado by the Govern-
ment.
Very respectfully, yours,
II. R. HULBURD,
Comptroller.
Hon. A. G. Cattell, United Slates Senate.
I will only add that this measure received the
hearty assent of every member of the Finance
Committee; and the distinguished Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Feskenden,] who was at the head
of the Finance Committee at the last session,
approved and advocated the bill for the issue
of $50,000,000 then, as I understand he does
the issue of the present §25,000,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was notaware that so
importautabill as this was to be called up this
morning, and am not prepared with facts and
figures this morning to present my objections to
it. I hope, therefore, that it will go over. I
will state in a word, what my objections is, and
I wish to refer to the documents to show ex-
actly the basis upon which my opposition to
such a bill as this rests.
We have had in the Treasury of the. United
States for some two years—and it is to get the
precise facts that I prefer the bill should go
over—some seventy-five or one hundred mil-
lions in gold lying idle. I made an effort in
this body a year ago, perhaps more, to have
some scheme adopted by which this gold lying
idle while the Governmentof the United States
is paying interest upon its indebtedness should
be taken from the Treasury. At that time I
was met by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] with the statement that all the gold we
had would soon be needed to pay interest and
maturing obligations of the United States ; that
there would bo no surplus. A reference to his
remarks at that time will show that his opposi-
tion to any scheme to deplete the Treasury of
this amount of gold was based upon a state-
ment that all the receipts from duties in gold
would be required to meet the obligations of
the United States which had to be paid in gold.
Now, a year has transpired. We find that in
the statement made at the time the Senator
from Ohio was mistaken.
Now, I wish to ask the Senate, and I wish
it to go to the country, to know why it is that
the Government of the United States has lying
idle in its Treasury, year after year, seventy-
five to one hundred million dollars in gold,
worth in paper from one hundred and twenty-
five to one hundred and fifty millions, and at
the same time we are paying interest at six per
cent, in gold upon bonds that this gold would
take up at any time. I am sure that such man-
agement cannot be justified.
Mr. CONKLING. Without some explana-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Without some explana-
tion, certainly, and I do not know what ex-
planation there can be. I cannot conceive
bow it can be possible that a business man who
owed large debts amounting to hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars should retain in his vaults, use-
less, a twentieth part of all he owed. If a man
owed $20,000, and kept lying in his vaults year
after year §1,000 in money, paying interest upon
what he owed, we would think that he was a
very bad manager. N ow, here is a proposi-
tion, when our bonds are falling due  
Mr. CATTELL. Will the Senator allow me
to say a word right here ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CATTELL. Would it not be better to
let this bill pass now, and make a loan of three
per cent., and then use the money in the Treas-
ury, if the Senator from Illinois can bring the
Senate to a realization of his views on the sub-
ject for the retirement of the six per cents. ?
Would there not be good policy in that, I in-
quire '?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend not. I
apprehend it is bad policy to borrow money to
pay an obligation when you have the money in
your vaults ready to pay, I suppose you can
pay it at three per cent. Use your gold to pay
it off, and your gold will command a premium.
These compound-interest notes are not pay-
able in specie. I think it is miserable policy to
be borrowing money. But, Mr. President,
there is another serious objection. We have
been discussing here in this body for the -last
two or three days whisky frauds. We have
been talking about the demoralization that
exists throughout the land in the revenue de-
partment. What so well calculated to pro-
duce demoralization in all the departments of
this Government as to allow $100,000,000 of
money to lie idle year after year in the vaults
of your Treasury, subject to be used by the offi-
cers having charge of it? I do not say that it
is used; 1 do not intimate that it has been
used; but I say that it is there where it might
be used by dishonest men; and I say, as I said
a year ago, it is dangerous to the liberties of
any people to hoard up millions and tens ot
millions of money in the hands of any individ-
uals. Certainly the Committee on Finance
can find some way to dispose of this gold in
the Treasury; and when our debts fall due can
make use of it to pay them rather than borrow
again for the purpose of paying them. But,
in order to present my views upon this subject,
I wish to have the precise figures, and I wish
to read to the Senate the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can give the Senator
the precise amount of gold.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to read for the
benefit of the Senate and the country the rea-
sons which were given why no action could be
taken a year ago to deplete the Treasury of
this gold. If those reasons were unsound, I
trust that they will not be adhered to by the
Senator from Ohio. I hope this important
measure may go over until to-morrow with a
view of affording an opportunity of inquiring
into the subject; and 1 make that motion that
the pending proposition be postponed until
to-morrow with a view of taking up the meas-
ure which the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Har-
lan] has particularly in charge in regard to
the bridge at Rock Island.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have but a few words
to say in reply to the Senator from Illinois.
If the Senator really desires time to look into
this measure presented by the Senator from
New Jersey, I certainly will give him the oppor-
tunity, if the Senator from New Jersey con-
sents. This three per cent, certificate bill has
been pending for a month or two, and it seems
to me a very simple measure. It substitutes a
three per cent, certificate payable principal and
interest in lawful money, for a compound-inter-
est note that must be paid. There are but two
modes of paying the compound-interest notes.
There is no surplus revenue to pay them, and
the only mode now provided by law will be
by the sale of bonds; and the Committee on
Finance, as a matter of course, are unanimously
of the opinion that it is better for the Govern-
ment to use these three per cent, demand cer-
tificates rather than to issue bonds.
The question now raised by the Senator from
Illinois for about the tenth time is, whether or
not the Governmentof the United States ought
to sell tho gold on hand. That is an independ-
ent question. We can use that gold either in
the purchase of bonds or in the payment of
debts; but it has been the general opinion
among the wisest men of this country that it
was important to maintain in the Treasury this
large reserve in gold, now about seventy mil-
lions, varying from seventy to one hundred
millions. That is a question in no way con-
nected with these three per cent, certificates.
If Congress directs the sale of this gold, or the
application of this gold to the payment of the
national debt, it can be very easily disposed of;
but such is not the opinion of the Committee
I on Finance. They think it would be better to
keep the gold in the Treasury, where it is per-
fectly safe, where it cannot be used, to keep it
as the great safety-valve, I may say, the power
the United States hold over gold gamblers.
But for that large mass of gold in the Treasury
the fluctuations of gold would be very great
indeed. I have no doubt that that amount of
gold in the Treasury, by maintaining at a pretty
