426
MB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Januaiy 9,
8ecretai7 of the TrtMnry winking at frauds !
•which are committed every day under hie own j
eye and nose. How can a remedy be applied ?
By this Congress having nerve enough to let
these gentlemen know that they shall appoint
honest men; and it'they have failed in their
judgment in reference to the integrity of
appointees they shall, when the facts are
brought to their knowledge, turn them out, or
else they will be held to a strict accountability
before the Congress of the United States as
accessories in the perpetration of frauds upon
the Government of the United States, This
is the only remedy.
I stated not one week ago to these officers
that I was satisfied, from the affidavits and state-
ments of honest and honorable men, that one .
of the officers whom they have in their employ
was defrauding the Government of its revenue,
was engaged in peculations. I told them that
I had the evidence of that fact. What is the
result? This official is only promoted to a
higher position than he held before this inform-
ation was furnished. More than that, sir; I
state here upon this floor that a man named
McDonald, who was convicted and sentenced
to death as one of the conspirators to burn the
hotels in New York, was appointed by the See- ;
retary of the Treasury to an office in that city.
There are other things that I might tell. The
record of the acts of Andrew Johnson and this ,
man who is a member of his Cabinet is so
black and infamous that the world would blush
if it could only look upon that record for a
moment.
I makeanother assertion : that since Andrew
Johnson and Congress divided, the revenues
of the country have not been collected as they
were before. In many important districts
the revenues returned are smaller than they
formerly were. Why? Because responsible
positions connected with the enforcement of the
revenue laws have been filled either with Andrew
Johnson's pets or Republicans who were will-
ing to sell themselves to him and desert their
principles for the purpose of securing an oppor-
tunity to perpetrate frauds upon the Govern-
ment. On Andrew Johnson and the Secretary
of the Treasury, who have appointed a class
of men disgraceful to the nation, rests the
responsibility for the frauds by which the rev-
enue of the Government is suffering.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to say to the gentle-
man that the Senate of the United States
rejected nine competent and honest men who
were nominated by the President of the Uni-
ted States for assessor of my district.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, what kind of a man
did the President send in that the Senate did
not reject? [Laughter.]
Mr. ROSS. The Senate rejected good men.
The troth is that if the President nominates
good men the Senate rejects them.
Mr. LOGAN. Then, as I understand the
gentleman, the Senate wait till the President
nominates a scoundrel, and then they confirm
him. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROSS. Yes, sir; that is it. In order
to have the offices filled the President is
obliged to take demoralized Republicans—
men who profess to the President to be with
him and profess to the Senate to be with them,
neces&rilii lying to one party or the other;
and such men will steal. [Laughter.]
Air. LOGAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, that is
the simplest proposition in the world. The
President sends men into the Senate whom
the Senate do not want to see demoralized,
and hence they reject them. [Laughter.] He
sends them in knowing they will be rejected,
and after a sufficient number has been rejected,
he sends in a thief 
Mr. ROSS. And the Senate confirms him.
Mr. LOGAN. Of course they confirm him,
because he is Mr. Johnson's choice, and they
do not want to get into trouble. I say because
the Senate may have rejected eight men in his
district that is no reason why he should not
send an honest man the ninth time. I do not
know what kind of man he has now. Perhaps
he is an honest man. If so, he is an excep-
tiori to the general rule. I do not say that he
is honest or dishonest, because I do not know.
I ought to know but I do not remember. But
I say this: after the President has appointed
the apostolic number of good men, and they
have been rejected, and he afterward appoints
a thief, he is responsible for the appointment.
The Secretary of the Treasury and the Presi-
dent should have sufficient evidence of a man's
honesty before they appoint him to any office
of honor, profit, or trust.
Mr. KERR. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois whether he means to say, either
in fact or in law, it is the duty or business of
the President to appoint these inspectors?
Mr. LOGAN. I will answer by saying it is
certainly not his duty, but he does it as he
does other things which are not in the line of
his duty. [Laughter.]
Mr. KERR. Name an instance in which
the President has made such an appointment?
Mr. LOGAN." 1 do not care to take up the
time of the House, and hence I will not name
any of the gentleman's constituents.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman has said these
appointments are made by the President. The
law does not give him that power, but it belongs
to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. LOGAN. He does a good many things
which he has no law for. The Secretary of
the Treasury appoints.
Mr. KERR. And the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue in some cases.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; only the Secretary
of the Treasury, who appoints all these men
whom the President lets him appoint. The
President has the appointment of the col-
lectors and assessors. The Secretary of the
Treasury has the appointment of inspectors,
but in many instances he has been required
to appoint certain men as inspectors. 1 have
no doubt this House to-day makes no differ-
ence between them. I believe Mr. McCulloch
went off on the same sliding scale at the same
time that the President did. Both belong to
the same administration. One is a Cabinet
officer and the other Mr. McCulloch recognizes
as President. The Secretary of the Treasury
appoints except where the President desires
some of his special friends, and thenJie requires
the Secretary to appoint them. That is about
the way it goes.
Mr. KERR. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman whether he considers the Senate in the
same boat with the Secretary of the Treasury ?
The Senate has to confirm these gentlemen
assessors and collectors before they can be
commissioned. It is the duty of the Senate
to know what they are doing.
Mr. LOGAN. I will only say to the gen-
tleman that I have never heard of an inspector
sent to the Senate to be confirmed.
Mr. KERR. I did not say inspectors, but
collectors and assessors.
Mr. LOGAN. They are not in the same
boat. They have nothing to do with his ap-
pointments. They only recognize them. He
appoints and he is responsible. Sometimes
they accept a Republican and sometimes a
Democrat.
Mr. KERR. That is a new definition of the
duty of the Senate. I supposed it was their
duty to advise the President as well as to con-
firm appointments.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman will learn a
great deal as he grows older.
Mr. KERR. But not from the gentleman.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let me make a remark.
Nineteen twentieths of the agents for the col-
lection of the internal revenue are appointed
from the Treasury Department and are not
confirmed, and therefore do not come within
the provisions of the tenure-of-office bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I will call attention now
to another thing, inasmuch as the gentleman
desires to get information from me. I say that
a majority of the inspector^ and secret agents
which go all over the country are nothing
more nor less than black-mailers of men who
have money to pay them to* keep their mouths
shut. That is the class of men you have.
They require no confirmation by the Senate.
They are sent from the Treasury Department
with authority in their pockets to seize distil-
leries, tobacco-manufacturing establishments,
and everything in the world, and they alight o 
a man's distillery or establishment before he
knows who the officer is, and then if the man
will pay him enough the officer goes off and is
never seen again.
Mr. BURR. Will my colleague permit mo
to ask him a question?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. BURR. I remember that my colleague
secured the appointment, of an acquaintance
of mine from my own district as special reve-
nue agent during the last session. I would
like to know if he attaches this character to
that agent ?
Mr. LOGAN. Well, now, I will state to the
gentleman that I did recommend a man from
his district, an honest man, and one that he
dare not gainsay. I ask my colleague if he
does not consider him an honest man ?
Mr. BURR. I, was not making any asser-
tion about him.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, I ask you if you do
not consider him an honest man ?
Mr. BURR. I wished to know from the
i gentleman whether he classed his appointee in
that list, and now I will ask further if he des-
ignates another gentleman who was appointed
to the same position from the same district as
being within the category he describes ?
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman from Illinois
will remember that I have designated no indi-
viduals by name, nor do I mean to do so; but
\ I have said, as a general proposition j that they
were men perpetrating frauds against the Gov-
ernment. I do not charge any particular indi-
viduals, and I ask my colleague to state before
this House and the country whether or not he
does not himself believe that the majority of
I them are scoundrels ?
Mr. BURR. Well, that is a direct question.
\ Mr. LOGAN. Yes, and I would like to
; have it directly answered.
i Mr. BURR. I have not had the opportuni-
ties of investigating the matter that the gentle-
man has had.
Mr. LOGAN. You ought to have had.
Mr. BURR. I am not on the committee.
But if they are what the gentleman states I do
not recognize the responsibility of anybody for
their misconduct except the appointing power,
who is not in cooperation with Andrew John-
son, but acting in full cooperation and political
fellowship with my friend and colleague on the
other side.
Mr. LOGAN. Who is that?
Mr. BURR. Commissioner Rollins, who
appoints the inspectors. [Cries of " Oh, no."]
Mr. LOGAN. I want to correct the gentle-
man right there. I state that Commissioner
Rollins makes no appointments, and the gentle-
man is certainly more ignorant than any one
that I have seen before if he believes he does.
Why, sir, he ought to know better than to
make such a statement as that in his place here.
His constituents sent him here as a man of
ability, a man of genius, an honest man, an
intelligent man, and he is going to send evi-
dence home to his constituents of his own
ignorance, his want of information. He ought
not to do it. He ought to know better than
to make statements such as he has made.
Mr. BURR. Will the gentleman permit me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. LOGAN. Just as many as you have a
mind to put.
Mr. BURR. I wish to ask my colleague
whether, in securing the appointment of Bailey
Dawson, of Morgan county, Illinois, he did
not apply to Commissioner Rollins and urge
the appointment on him as a man fit for the
place ?
Mr. LOGAN. I certainly did get Com-
missioner Rollins to recommend him to the
Secretary of the Treasury, who appointed him.
