1810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March il,
that after the five years we could negotiate a
loan upon more favorable terms, and we doubt-
jess can negotiate suah a loan, providing that
we will make the loan payable in forty years
and redeemable, at the pleasure of the Gov-
ernment, after twenty years. The longer the
loan the more popular, providing it is with a
Government that has always observed its obli-
gations without quibble or question.
It is not for the present that I speak, but it
is that great, grand, and glorious future that I
see for my country looming up before me, pow-
erful and mighty as she is to be, destined to
withstand, as one day she will, all the Govern-
ments of the crowned heads of Europe, if
occasion requires. I would lay our credit deep
and broad, not for one century, but for a hun-
dred centuries. Let us not look too much to
our puny selves. We need only look back a
hundred years to the march of events, when
an American drew the lightning from heaven
to see if it could bo made subservient to man.
Another American takes it up and teaches it
to speak, and it is heard a thousand miles
distant over distant portions of our country.
Another American takes it up and stretches his
electric wires through the vast ocean for thou-
sands of miles, and lie makes it to talk to all
Europe. Need 1 recall to mind the revolution
caused by Fulton, another American, in adapt
ing steam to the propelling power upon the
Hudson. Lo^k at your floating palaces upon
our rivers ; your steamships on the Atlantic ;
and that magnilicent line of ships upon the
Pacific and China seas; and yet it is only three-
score years. Look at your perfect network of
railroads East and West, and all this has been
accomplished in a little over thirty years.
Therefore let us keep our armor bright and our
credit untarnished and look to time, to the
great future, as our remedy for this burden. To
say that we cannot pay the interest on this debt
is folly; there is no such sentiment in the
American heart; but, on the contrary, they are
determined to doand accomplish what noother
nation has the internal wealth and vigor to do.
Many croakers said that we could not put down
this rebellion ; the people said, "Wewilltry."
All the people now ask is that you should try
to pay the debt. As for myself, I never had a
doubt that wo could put down the rebellion.
Neither have I a doubt but that we can pay this
debt in dollars.
Public credit should be, " like Coasar's wife,
above suspicion." Whatshall we gain by pay-
ing off these bonds in legal-tender notes, and
where are we to get these notes? From the
sale of the five per cent. United States bonds,
when you declare that you will pay these five-
twenty bonds in legal-tender notes. What do
you suppose you will get for your ten-forty five
per cent, loan? What you make by dishonor-
ing your six per cent, bonds you will lose
upon your live per cent, bonds. Do you sup-
pose capitalists will invest in a five per cent,
loan that you can repudiate with as much
reason as we can in honesty this six per cent,
loan ? What amount shall we save in interest
per annum if you determine to force people to
take the live per cent, in place of the six per
cent.? It is very easy to calculate it upon
$1,610,272,900. The live-twenty bonds at one
per cent, amounts to about sixteen millions.
The question now arises, can we afford to sell
our plighted faith for this sum ? My proposi-
tion is to substitute a twenty-forty loan instead
of a ten-forty loan. A long loan finds a much
more ready sale than a short loan. I propose
to give these live-twenty bondholders the priv-
ilege of exchanging their bonds for a long loan,
bearing interest at five per cent., principal and
interest payable in coin, and free from State,
municipal, or local taxation. This is an equiv-
alent to a tax upon their income of sixteen and
two thirds per cent. This is a large deduction.
When we look to the future of this great
Republic, embracing twenty-three degrees in
longitude by fifty-seven degrees of latitude, with
all variety of climate, producing the most deli-
cate and delicious fruits of the South, with
abundance of the more substantial productions
of the temperate zone and the hardy produc-
tions of the North—when we contemplate this
vast and varied country, its climate, its pro-
duction for the sustenance, comfort, and luxury
of man, the vast resources of all its varied
hidden riches of the earth, composing metals
for all the most substantial and useful arts of
life, with all the most precious metals to tempt
the cupidity of man; test the bowels of the
earth, it sends forth its fatness in living streams
of oil like the perennial fountain ; add to these
our beds of coal, our forests of timber, our
mountains of iron, where is its equal ? Have we
the capacity to make them useful—who doubts
it? With all the thousands of inventors, com-
bining the greatest inventive genius of the
world, we can outstrip all other nations com-
bined. A population from every land and
nation under the sun, a land now happily free
from the oppressor's rod, to be rebuilt upon a
firm and enduring foundation made sacred and
cemented by the blood of a million of our
noblest sons.
Therefore, let us not crown this temple,
hewn by the sweat of so many brows, reared
by the blood of so many brave lads, with the
capstone of repudiation. Let us do nothing
as a great and noble and suffering people that
shall detract from the honor of those that lie
silent and cold in their blood-bought graves,
with naught but their country's banner over
them. To mo, Mr. President, my duty is plain ;
my duty to the men that came forward to sup-
ply our suffering Army, to succor our noble
boys, in the day of the national darkness and
despair, and to the capitalists of Germany, of
Frankfort, that took our securities, a,ud spewed
out the rebel bonds, and gave to us money, the
sinew of war, to assist us in maintaining the
life of the nation. I need not the example of
other nations to tell me what is right between
man and man or between nation and nation;
it needs not the shrewd argument of a lawyer
to tell me what is due to my creditor—if there
is any one thing that I regard more sacred in
life, after my duty to my God, it is to fulfill
all my engagements, both written and implied,
and nothing shall drive me from this position.
If this be important and right in private
affairs, how much more important in public
affairs. I submitted a resolution on the 6th
of December last which reads as follows:
"Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reporting
a bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury of
the United States to contract a loan and issue bonds
of the United States for the same, redeemable at the
pleasure of the (iovcrnpient after twenty yoars, and
payable in forty years, bearing interest at the rate
of five per cent, per annum, principal and interest
payablo in gold coin, and to place the same upon the
mnrket tor tho purpose of redeeming: the United
States bonds commonly called five-twenties as they
mature/'
This resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance. My objcct in proposing this
resolution, as I then stated, was to place a long
loan upon the market, a twenty-year loan,
bearing five per cent, interest, principal and
interest payable in coin. This X intended as a
loan which should be optional with the bond-
holder. It should be for the holder to consider
whether it was best for him to convert it into
a twenty-forty bond, a bond that would be a
certain investment for him for twenty 3'ears, or
for him still to hold his bond which gave to the
Government the right to redeem any day after
the five years expired. A large amount of
these five-twenty bonds have already matured.
A loan placed upon the market at this time,
bearing five per cent, interest, and principal
payable in coin, redeemable after twenty years
and payable in forty years, would be readily
taken by a large portion of the bondholders
for these securities. My plan would be to give
the holders of the five-twenties the option to
exchange their bonds for the new loan or hold
them, as they might think best. If they did
not exchange them I would maintain, as one
of the party that carried us through the war,
and appealed to the rich and poor, to the high
and low, to lend us their money, that they
should have the interest in gold as per agree-
ment, until such time as we could redeem their
bonds in gold or substitute other satisfactory
bonds. By thus sustaining the credit of the
Government, by keeping your credit at a high
standard, you would be enabled to negotiate
your five per cent, loan to much better advan-
tage than by destroying confidence in your in*
tegrity. In this way you would place yourself
in funds, and could then enter the market and
purchase these maturing bonds of those that
would sell at the lowest price.
And if there is to be repudiation let Pendle-
ton and the party that he represents inaugu-
rate it, and not the great ana glorious Union
party, that fought through fire and blood for
the right, that has raised itself so high in the
estimation of the whole world. Shall we now
take up the wrong and crown a work so nobly
begun with an act that will sink us so low in
the estimation of all those that trusted us in
the day of our need? What is the example
that you are about setting to the people? Is
it to maintain their obligations without quib-
ble? No. It is to seek a pretext to avoid their
just obligations. The example is pernicious
and demoralizing in the extreme. Whatshall
we save in this operation? Supposing you save
$16,000,000 per annum; is not your credit
worth that? What is that for a great nation
struggling for an existence? What is it when
you are engaged in war? It would be spent
in live days. It is true, $16,000,000 is worth
saving each year, but not when it imperils your
sacred obligations, your honor, your great-
ness, your power, in time of peace as well as
in time of war.
What is for the public good which we all so
much desire? Is it to issue our notes without
regard to the amount of moneyed income and
money 011 hand to meet such obligations ? If
that expansion must continue or kept at its
present poiiit I am in favor of such expan-
sion through the increased number of banks
in the West, and a contraction of the legal
tender to an extent that Government can re-
sume specie payments. In that event banks
should not be allowed to issue to exceed sixty
per cent, of their capital secured upon five per
cent. United States bonds. This would mako
them cautious, and compel them to keep their
business in a snug, healthy condition ; and if
they should fail, Government, with their bonds
in hand,- would always be ready to redeem
them. This would require a larger amount of
bonds at home, and have a tendency to keep
up the price; and if Government will so reduce
the legal tenders as to enable us to resume
specie payment I, for one, am ready to grant
to the bank circulation sufficient to make up
the difference under the safeguard proposed.
But I consider it of the first and chief import-
ance for our Government to resume specie
payment, and let the banks do so when confi-
dence is once more restored and specie is let
loose from its moorings and becomes more
abundant.
The Government legal tender is good as gold
whenever you are prepared to pay gold there-
for ; and when you issue in excess of that
amount then you must put it in the shape of a
bond bearing interest to make it equivalent to
and as valuable as gold ; but when you attempt
to force paper upon the community bearing
110 interest, in excess of what you can redeem
in gold, then you destroy the gold standard.
You are at sea like a ship without a rudder, at
the mercy of every wind that blows, and poorly
prepared for the storm that may any day over-
take the nation. The Senator from Missouri
speaks of the currency being very much re-
duced. According to his theory, if he calls com-
pound-interest notes currency we have a very
large amount of currency yet in circulation. Ail
the interest-bearing bonds are in one sense cur-
rency. _ They pass from hand to hand from day
to day in place of so much other currency, and
I think the only trouble in all new States is
that we have n t the accumulated capital so
that we can afford to invest in these securities
