1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Frv/ijn.
Ho. of Reps.
force in the order indicated by the Consti-
tution. He argues at length to show that his
view is sustained, first, by the construction
prevalent at the time the Constitution was
framed: second, by the practice of the Gov-
eminent siuce; and third1, by the public senti-
ment of his own time.
Permit me to say, sir, in conclusion, that
not the least of my objections to this appropri-
ation is the danger that it will be drawn into
precedent as an acknowledgment that we have
no discretion in the case, but are obliged to
vote the money. 1 know of no advocate of
rbis measure except the gentleman from Ohio
f Mr. Spalding] who does not, in the most
positive terms, insist that we are in duty bound
to carry out this treaty.
Impcacbmcnt.
SPEECH OF HON. J. Y. L. PRTJYN,
of new york,
In the House op Representatives,
I&brxiary 24, 18g8,
On the resolution reported from the Committee on
I^econstiuction to impeach the President of the
United States of high crimes and misdemeanors in
office,
Mr. PBUYN. Before I proceed to the gen-
eral views which I wish to present I ask the
House to consider the circumstances under
which this very important subject comes be-
fore it.
On the 27th of January last certain papers
and documents in regard to the affairs of the
southern States were referred to the Committee
on the lieconstruction of those States. On the
21st of this month (Friday last) a letter from
511'. Starron, communicating his removal from
office as Secretary of War, was referred to the
same committee. On the next day, after a
meeting by the committee of one hour only,
and that during the sitting of the House, and
without leave, as we have been informed by
i y colleague, [Mr. Brooks, a member of the
committee,] the chairman [Mr. Stevens, of
Peon?)lvama] presented the report now be-
fore us. it sets forth the removal of Mr. Stan-
tO;> by the President without any notice of the
documents referred to the committee in Janu-
ary last, and concludes as follows:
44 Upon the evidence -collected by the committee,
which is jaciewich presented-, and in virtue ot the
powois with which they have been invested by the
House, they arc of the opinion that Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States, be impeached of high
ciinies and mi&demeanors.''
And thereupon the committee recommended
to the House the adoption of the resolution of
impeachment which they presented.
That is all there is of this report; and I
ventuie to say that no deliberative assembly
ia the woihl was ev<M r.uied upon to act on a
matter of pi.ch ^iave, such vast importance,
on so -Lripf a r.otice, and on so meager a state-
ment. it seems there was no testimony taken,
no inquiry made, no explanation sought for,
no notice given to the President of the refer-
ence to the committee, or even of the time and
place of its brief, irregular session. JSio des-
potism could have woiked more rapidly, nor
Cuuld the restraints of constitutional govern-
ment have been more effectually thrown aside \
and this course was followed up in the House.
The chairman of the committee, in presenting
the repoit, speaking evidently for the |)oLitical
majoiity of the House, said:
" It if not my intention, in the first instance, to dis-
cuss this question; and if there be no desire on the
ochev side io discuss it we arc willing that the ques-
tion should be taken upon the knowledge winch the
ilousc already has."
And he stated further—and this I understand
not only from what the chairman said, but from
the remaiks of several gentlemen who advo-
cate impeachment, is the gravamen of the
charge against the President—to wit, that—
" The fact of removing a man from office while the
Senate was in session without the consent of tho
Senate, if there weie nothing else, is of itself, and
always has been considered, a high crime and mis-
demeanor, and was never before practiced.5'
This brings up in its whole length and breadth,
without regard to the tenure-of-ofnee act, the
question of the constitutional power of the
Executive to remove from ofBce ; and I hope
to show that in the assertion thus made by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania he is entirely
mistaken. In the incidental discussion which
occurred on Saturday last between the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ingeusoll] and myself,
and in that, also, which took place this morn-
ing, this proposition was agaiu put forwaid,
and on both occasions I promptly controverted
it. And as it forms the very groundwork on
which the superstructure of impeachment has
been raised, 1 had expected it would have been
fairly met, but in this I have been disappointed.
The Constitution of the United States de-
clares that—
"The executive power shall be vested in a Presi-
dent of the United States of America."
Such are the exact words of the grant.
There it stands in all its length and breadth,
to be judged of by its own strong and compre-
hensive terms. The exercise of the power is,
indeed, in some cases, regulated by the Con-
stitution ; but where not so regulated it stands
in its full, unassailable integrity. A stable gov-
ernment cannot be maintained without ample
executive authority to enforce the laws, and
theframevs of our Constitution clearly intended
to vest that power in the President only; and
with their great knowledge of the science and
principles of Government none knew better
than they the neccssary and legitimate extent
of that power. It may bo said it is a great
power, and its exercise may be abused. All
power, as we well know, maybe abused. But
when you look at the guards which surround
the election of President, the limited term for
which he is chosen, his almost direct account-
ability to the Representatives of the people, the
chances of abuse are much less with him than
with a Senate composed of a large body of
members on whom influences may be exerted
in various ways, sometimes without their being
aware of it. Indeed, every good appointment
to public office made by the President does
so much to strengthen and create respect for
his administration. The distinguished gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,] who
addressed the House this morning, briefly re-
ferred to a discussion in the First Congress on
this subject. That discussion, considering the
circumstances which attended it. was one of
the most important which has taken place in
our constitutional history. At least fifteen of
the thirty-nine persons who signed the Consti-
tution were members of that Congress. The
debate was so thoroughly exhaustive of the sub-
ject that even with our experience at this day
scarcely anything of importance can be added
to it. And I do not hesitate to say that no
member of this House should venture to vote
in favor of the proposition to impeach the Pres-
ident until he has studied that discussion. It is
unfair to the President, it is unjust to the great
interests involved in this question, that genrJe-
raea should act upon it without the views as to
consiitufional principles which the debate re-
ferred to affords. It will be found reported in
! the first volume of the A una Is of Congress, and
1 I shall refer to it very feely.
! By the consent of all parties, from the founda-
| tion of the Government down, Mr. Madison's
views on constitutional questions have been
looked to not only with the' greatest respect,
but, I may almost say, as conclusive on ail
controverted points. The prominent part he
took in the Convention which formed the Con-
stitution, the clearness, the calmness, and, at
the same time, the vigor of his views, his active
interest in the adoption of that instrument as
evinced in the Federalist, which was so largely
i written by him, and in the councils of his own
; State, all combined to give him this position.
The debate of 1789 took place on the bill
organizing the Department, of foreign Affairs,
afterward called the Department of ^tate. The
first section of the bill, as reported, provided for
the appointment of the officer flawed J "to be re*
movable from office by the President of the
United States;" and this broughtup the whole
subject of the power of appointment and re-
moval under the Constitution.' ♦
Mr. Madison, (at page 481,) after referring
to the distribution of the powers of the Gov-
ernment under the Constitution—into the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial—and claiming
that this distribution could not be interfered
with by Congress, remarked—
"The legislative powers are vested m Congress,
and arc to be exercised by them uncontrolled by any
other department, except the Constitution has qual-
ified it otherwise. The Constitution has qualified
the legislative power by authorizing the President to
objcct to any act it may pass, requiring, in this case,
two thirds of both Houses to concur in making a law;
but still the absolute legislative power is \-ested in
the Congress with this qualification alone. Tho Con-
stitution affirms that the executive power shall be
vested in the President. Are thcic exceptions to
this proposition? Yes, there arc. The Constitution
says that in appointing to office the Seuate shall be
associated wich the President, unless in tho case o£
inferior officers, when the law shall otherwise direct.
Have we a light to extend this exception ? I believe
not. If the Constitution lias invested all executive
power in the Picsident I venture to assert that tho
Legislature has no right to diminish or modify his
executive authority.
" Xne question now resolves itself into this: is tho
powerof displacing;an executive powor? I conceive
that if any power whatever is in Us natureexecutive
it is the powor ot at) pointing, overseeing, and control-
ling these who (xccute the taws. If the Constitution
lnd not qualified the power of the President in
appointing to otfiec by associating the Senate with
him in that business, would it not be clear that he
would have tho right, by virtue of his executive
power, to make such appointment? Should we be
authorized, m defiance ot that clause in the Consti-
tution, "The executive power shall be vested m a
President,'m unite the Senate with the President in
the appumtment to othce? I conceive not. If it is
admitted that wo should not be authorized to do this
I think it may be dUpuU-d whether we have a right
to associate them m removing persons from oSicc,
the one power being as much of an executive nature
as the uthci; and ibelirstonly is authorized by being
excepted out of the general rule established by the
Constitution, in these words, 4 The executive power
shall be vested in the President.'
"Tho judicial power is vested in aSupreme Court;
but will gentlemen say tho judicial power can be
placed elsewhere unless the Constitution has made
an exception? 'Tho Constitution justifies theSenato
in exercising a judiciary power in determining on
impeachments; butcan the judicial power be further
blended with the powers of that body? They can-
not. I therefore say it is incontrovertible, if neither
the legislative nor judicial powers are subjected to
qualificationsothcrthan those demanded in the Con-
stitution, that the executive powers are equally un-
abatable as ci I her of the others; and inasmuch as tho
power of removal is of an executive nature, and not
affected by any constitutional exception, it4 is beyond
the reach of the legislative body.' "
Again, nt page Gil:
"However vaiious the opinions which exist upon
the point now before ns it seems agreed on all sides
that it demands a careful investigation and full dis-
cussion. 1 leel the impoi tance of the question, and
know that our deC!ciou will involve tho decision of
all similar cases. The decision that is at this time
made will become the permanent exposition of tho
Constitution; and on a permanent exposition of tho
Constitution willdepend. tlicgomus and character of
the whole Government. It will depend, perhaps, en
this decision whether the Government shall retain
the equilibrium which the Constitution intended or
take a direction toward aristocracy or anarchy
among the members of the Government, llonce,
how careful ought we to be to give a true direction to
a power so critically circumstanced."
Let us look at the views of others of the dis-
tinguished members of the First Congress. 1
will quote the remarks of Mr. Bondinot, of
New Jersey, whose memory commands the
most profound respect as one of the great men
of our early historjr:
" Let us examine whether it [the power of removal]
belongs to the Senate and President. Certainly, sir,
there is nothing that gives the Semite this right in
express terms; but they are authorized in express
words to be concerned in the appointment. And
does this necessauly include the power of removal r
if the Picsident complains to the Senate of the mis-
conduct of an officer, and desires their advice and
consent to tho removal, what are the Senate to do?
Most cer-umly thov will inquire if the complaint ig
well founded. To do this they must call tne ofheer
before them to answer. Who, then, are the parties?
The supreme executive officer against his assistant;
and the Senate uro to sit as judges to dotermine
