1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1811
at the rate of interest they bear, otherwise we
should invest in them instead of products of
the country which are simply evidences of real
value. If plenty of paper money makes cheap
bread why should flour be worth to-day fifteen
dollars per barrel, while before the war upon a
gold basis it was only nine dollars? Could not
the farmer buy as much with his nine dollars
then as he can with his fifteen dollars now?
Gentlemen appear to think these Govern-
ment stocks are all held by speculators. I
think that is a mistake. It is the honest, the
poor, the frugal, the best portion of the me-
chanics, the farmer, the servants, the saving
institutions for the poor, the orphans, a large
amount by the middle classes. The most
wealthy portion of our citizens have their
money securely invested in real estate, show-
ing their sound judgment, leaving the poor,
the weak, the suffering, with their fifty, their
one hundred, or five hundred dollar bonds, to
be trodden under foot, because you have the
power, and as a reward for their patriotism in
coining forward, as did the factory girls of
New England, the mechanic of the workshop,
to contribute their mite to further the good
cause. Call upon thegenerous soldier who, by
this means gained the title of heroes, and sur-
rounded their names with imperishable glory,
what will they say ? Theiranswer will be, "I)o
naught to dim the glory of the past. We
fought, we conquered; now pay the bills like
men ; not according to the strict advantages
that may be taken of the law, but according to
the implied obligations."
I have a pride in this great and glorious
nation; her character is more precious than
gold, yea than much gold. Depart from the
right, cast a blot upon the glorious escutcheon
of this great nation, and we shrink back in
shame before the other great nations with whom
we deal. A loan can doubtless be effected on
twenty years with five per cent, principal and
interest payable in coin as proposed, but for a
less amount of interest or a less time I do not
think our bonds would be readily exchanged
for the five-twenties; but it should be at the
option of the holder without threat. I, as one
of the Union party, cannot, under any circum-
stances, consent to pay these bonds off in any-
thing not equivalent to our assumed obliga-
tions. If thePendletonian doctrine or anything
approaching it should prevail it will not be by
my vote. We are supposed to represent a party
whose sense of justice and right and high sense
of public obligation is unimpeachable. Take
this false step^ and you cut your party in twain ;
what you gain in the West you lose in the
East. I will read a slip taken from the Ohio
State Journal, as it may interest the chairman
of the Finance Committee:
"Bad Credit.—The question is often asked and in
various ways answered, how is ifc that United States
bonds sell for fifteen, twenty, and twenty-five per
cent, less in London and Frankfort than English
bonds, or the bonds of other European Governments.
The English debt is not far from double that of the
United States; it has been increased of late years
rather than roduced, and 110 one entertains the idea
of its ultimate payment. The chief reason can,be
given in a fewwords. There is ataint of repudiation
about American securities. Pennsylvania repu-
diated her debt; Mississippi repudiated her debt.
Talk to an English capitalist about the superiority
of our securities, what a high rate of interest they
pay, how safe they arc, and he usually shuts you up
by the inquiry, how about Pennsylvania bonds? If
the holders of two orthreeclassesof American securi-
ties are swindled, what assurance has a foreigner
that the holders of all classes of such securities will
not bo swindled?
" It is an easy matter for a nation or an individual
to get a bad credit, but to get rid of a bad reputation
for honesty and fairdealing is next to impossible. A
day's dishonesty is a century's disgrace."
Notwithstanding such healthful advice there
are those who, for the few million dollars that
may be saved yearly, are willing to sacrifice
good faith, national honor, our national repu-
tation for integrity both at home and abroad.
It may be wise in the opinion of those who
occupy such high positions, placed there to
maintain the integrity of the nation, and after
having stood firm through every shock of bat-
tle, now should lay down their arms and submit
to the principles of a few demagogues that were
opposed to fhe war, opposed to the debt, and
that desire that it should become as worthless
as the confederate debt. That accomplished,
they will have succeeded in the most ardent and
darling wish of their heart. I say, Mr. Pres-
ident, I will not concede such a point to strike
hands with such men to ruin our national
credit, and do injustice to that loyal portion
of our people. I am informed by gentlemen
living in the eighth district of Massachusetts
that it is perfectly surprising to see how many
of the mechanics, laboring men, servants,
widows, and representatives of orphans who
call at the banks to get their coupons cashed
every six months. Does that district pay any
income tax? Only S3,000,000! It has been
truly stated by my friend from Vermont that
the seven-thirty loan gave a very good indica-
tion of the class of people who took that loan,
and I have an extract before me from the pen
of Jay Cooke, in which ho says;
"It is not generaly known how large aproportion
of the securities of the United States aro held by
people of moderate moans for the investment of their
savings. We have not at hand the piccisc figures
of tho denominations in which the several series of
five-twenties were issued, but the following state-
ment shows the number of notes of each denomina-
tion embraced in the issue of the seven-thirty Treas-
ury notes, which are now being converted by the
Treasury into live-twenty bonds. In these conver-
sions the Treasury has never been able to supply
enough small bonds to adequately meet tho demand:
962,880 50s $48,129,000
1,474,940 100s  147,494,000
435,792 5003  219,890,000
370,37(5 1,000s    370,376,000
8,821 5,000s  44,105,000
3,256,509 $630,000,000
"These figures will give an approximate idea of the
amount 111 which all ot the live-twenty bonds of the
Government arc held.
"They show that one half of the loan m amount
was taken in fifties, hundreds, and fivo hundreds, and
further, that as 2,877,313 pieces of these three denom-
inations were issued against 371,197 pieces of the large
denominations, the capitalists itre in very small mi-
nority, and any legislation repudiating, in whole or
in part, the obligation of the bonds of the Govern-
ment would fall most severely upon widows, orphans,
and people of small capital, who invested their money
in those securities in perfect reliance upon tho rep-
resentations made to them by the Treasury l>cr>art-
mcnt, directly and through its agents at the tirae of
their issue.
" More than once during the war resolutions were
offered in Congress looking to the payment of the
five-twenties in currency, but in every caso were
promptly voted down. Tho bonds wcro offered di-
rectly to the people and sold to them at prices which
could not possibly have been obtained but for the
distinct understanding that they wore payable, prin-
cipal and interest, in coin.
" That this was the spirit and intent of the author-
izing act it is only necessary to refer to the sinking-
tund clause,(section five, actFcbruary 25,18fi2,)which
specifically appropriates the coin duties on imports
to,first, payment of interest on public debt; second,
to a sinking fund for the payment of principal. All
of the funded debt of the United States that has
heretofore matured has been paid in coin, notwith-
standing tho fact that tho authorizing acts did not so
specify in words; and three such loans have matured
and been paid in coin since tho issues of the five-
twenties of 1862.
Let us, in view of all these circumstances,
stand by our engagements; let us, if it be
necessary, do even more than the letter of the
law where the credit of the nation is the prize.
We know not how soon we may need it again,
when we read such extracts as the following,
sent to me by a friend :
"A band of robbers, thieves, tyrants, usurpers,
Union-haters, traitors, Constitution ignorers, peoplc-
taxine, bond-protecting tools of fanaticism, dignified
by the name of a llurnp Congress, illegally in ses-
sion, acting outside of the Constitution they in com-
mon with the President took oath to protect, have
declared war upon tho Executive, upon tho rights
of States and people; upon the cause tho people of
the North so well defended at most terrible cost.
" As wo predicted, during the reign of the infamous
tyrant, now dead, the party in power has shown its
red hand, filled as it is with stolen liberties of an en-
during people, and wo behold the spectacle of a so-
called Union party warring against tho Union brave
men defended and fought lor, while these eongres-
sionalthioves and usurpers were filling their pockets
with stolen goods, and their coffers with non-taxable
bonds.
"Lincoln, the obscene tool of tyrants, promised
good and wrought evil—lie sunouiided himself with
all that was ,vilo, profligate, and infamous, till oven
God could endure the outrage on a poor people no
longer, and in the twinkling of an eye hurled his soul
into hell, there to atone for the wrong done to a
nation.
" A Congress in part—an illegally assembled body
of traitors and usurpers now throw off the mask,
step boldly outsido tho Constitution to deposo aPres-
ident, establish acentralized depostic power, the mis-
sion of which is to blot out States and vested rights:
rivet the bonds still tighter over tho musclesof labor,
and wrest from the people every victory ever won by
force of arms—every step gained on the road to lib-
erty and prosperity by argument and the wisdom of
statesmanship, now unknown or ignored. ■
"To Johnson we now look, Hisduty is plain. Ho
has sworn to defend the liberties of the people. He
is tho head of the nation—it is for him to command—
it is for others to obey, and to aid him in the defense
of liberty and the blessings it promises. Let him
stand firm I Oh. for one hour of Andrew Jackson!
We'd nail up the doors of tho Senate and of Con-
gress! .
"We'd plant all tho cannon in front of tho White
IIouso, the Treasury, Post Office, and War Depart-
ments.
"We'd declare the District of Columbia under
martial law, take command in person of the Army,
arrest any traitorous Republican Senator, member
of Congress or peijured Cabinet officer, try them by
a drum-head court, and hang them within twenty-
four hours 1
"We'd teach traitors that tho punishment of trea-
son was death I
" We'd call upon brave, glorious Maryland to send
seventy-five thousand troops to sustain the President
in his discharge ot a sworn duty, and if Maryland
could not furnish troops enough, we'd call for volun-
teers from every State, and if the backers of traitors,
who dangling 111 the air, wanted war, if they wanted
to destroy all there is of America, we'd give them
such a taste and feast of blood as the world never
saw. till they cried for mercy!
"It is the duty of Andrew Johnson to maintain his
position—to defend the Constitution—to save the
country and its liberties. If he cannot do it wo aro
all lost for a time. If he can, if he will, and he can
if ho will, it is our duty to aid him, and millions of
bravo men aro ready to stand by him if he will only
stand by the country,
"But let him bedeposed! Andthen comes tho revo-
lution. Good-bye United States bonds.
"Farewell, leaders of tlieRcpublican party, for your
rest will be in the bosom of your cowardly martyr,
the obscene, saintly lamented 1
"If you want war you can have it, and if you com-
mence it there will be no ending thereof till old scores
be settled—till New England be shorn of power and
becomes moredesolatc than ever was tho South, and
till there shall be 110 more Republicanism left to
curso the land it is so rapidly destroying.
"Young patriots—brothers in the battle for tho
right—stand firm and be ready to march forth like
avengers, if to this it must come I And tell the trai-
tors at Washington we aro ready V—LaGrosse Demo-
crat, Februury 27.
From all quarters of the northwest come as-
saults upon the bondholders of the East, most-
ly from the Democratic press, it is true. As
an illustration of what it wants in the financial
world, read this cxtract from Pendleton's
home organ, the Cincinnati Enquirer;
"The issue of 82,000,000,000 of currency would only
putit in the power of each voter to secure $400 for
himself and tamily to spend in the course of his life-
time. Is there any voter who thinks that is too
much—more than he will want? If every man
should get his $400, don't you think, reader, that
they could manage to dispose ot it? Would you not
agree to uso your share? Farmer, merchant, me-
chanic, and laborer, are you afraid that money will
be too plenty?"
Why these assaults upon the capital of the
East, for it represents capital, and is equiva-
lent to gold as long as it bears interest. We
can use them as so much money in all our
transactions, at home or abroad ; to buy rail-
road iron in Europe, to develop our vast West,
and the farms that have been so munificently
distributed to the people of that section. Re-
pudiate this, make this capital valueless by flood-
ing the country with promises to pay that you
cannot redeem, and whereby you place it out
of your power to ever resume specie payment;
you paralyze all capital, destroy all confidence,
and throw your financial system into a chaotic
mass of ruins. Some of the western people
may think it right, after reaping their share of
the harvest, by selling their wheat, flour, corn,
pork, beef, and other supplies for the Army at
two or three prices, for which they received
their bonds, and sold them to eastern people,
now to repudiate them. For my part 1 fail to
see the justice. You might as well destroy the
improvements upon those farms of the West,
whereby the fanner is enabled to derive an in-
come, as to destroy tho $500 bond that the
mechanic has saved from his hard earnings.
They each pay the same income. Such prop-
ositions in this enlightened age is sickening
in the extreme, when common honesty is set
aside and absolute repudiation is openly advo-
cated, and the vilest passions of ineu are ap-
