1812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
pealed to. If upon such principles any party
can succeed our country is, indeed, to be pitied.
To return to the bill. Ifourpolicy be "Stand
and deliver" or we will shoot you with green-
backs, will it not have a tendency to cause a
flow of our bonds back from Europe, and in re-
turn cause an export of gold from our country,
■which we cannot spare at this time ? Our ship-
ment of gold is again on the increase:
Total sincc Jan. 1, 1868 $11,441,392
Same time 1867   5,052,075
Same time 1866   4,571,201
Same time 1865     4,197,047
By this you will notice for the past two
months our shipments have considerably more
than doubled that of any one of the previous
three years for the same length of time. This is
under non-contraction,policy. Thereisnow no
need ofgold in this country. W e have abandoned
that policy so wisely decided upon in your
sober senses. By that step you relieved the
people from that natural caution to which they
had schooled themselves, and gave them full
license to launch out upon a career of extrava-
gance and speculation, the results of which
may prove serious ; but the proposition of the
committee as reported in section six, is, in my
opinion, a wise one, and will tend in a measnre
to remedy this evil. Each week tends to show
the necessity of adopting some system that will
require the use of specie. The week ending
March 3, we exported the large sum of
$3,980,200, gold.
The financial men cannot see this drain going
on without alarm. There is no reason, by every
rule of right and justice, if a man agrees to pay
gold, why the law should not compel him so to
do. To sections two and three I cannot see any
valid objection. Section five, I think, ought to
be stricken out. I think it will have a tend-
ency to keep down the price of the five per
cent, bond and prevent the funding of the five-
twenty bonds into the long loan; and if we are
to continue to export our bonds, as we shall
necessarily be compelled to do, it is policy to
adopt such measuresas will tend to keep them
as high as possible.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
question stated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Henderson] to
the amendment of the Committee on Finance,
to strike out in line seven of the first section of
the committee's amendment the word " five"
and insert " four so as to read, "and bear-
ing interest at the rate of four per cent.'per
annum."
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to suggest that this
bill be laid aside for the present.
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator will excuse
me, I would prefer not to give way at this
time.
Mr. HOWARD. Yery well.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the bill under
consideration involves the general welfare of
the,country to such an extent that I think it
may be discusscd from a point of view not yet
taken. The first step to the restoration of the
pecuniary prosperity of the country must be a
harmonious restoration of the States. What
I have to say to the Senate, therefore, will re-
late to that question ; and I am the more en-
couraged in the intention of taking that view
of it by the fact that the Senator who has pre-
ceded me has indulged to a considerable ex-
tent in what may be called general political
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will excuse
mo for interposing; but I should like very
much to get the vote of the Senate on two or
three propositions connected with this bill.
The Senator from Connecticut now proposes
to make a political speech. I might, perhaps,
raise a point of order upon him, but I know it is
very difficult for the Chair to prescribe the
limit of debate upon a general bill; but the
result of this kind of debate is always to destroy
the power of the Senate over its own business.
If it be indulged in now by the Senator from
Connecticut, of course, any Senator may stop
any appropriation bill or a bill of any kind by
a political speech. The speech he is about to
make has no more reference to this bill than
to any appropriation bill, or any other bill that
may be brought before the Senate.
1 feel embarrassed about the course to pur-
sue. I do not think this proceeding is in order
according to the rules of the Senate. The
remarks made by the Senator from Oregon
were pertinent to the bill. Although be read
some extracts that might not be very pertinent,
still the general tenor of his speech undoubtedly
referred to the subject-matter of the bill. It
is for the Senate to say whether or not they
will allow a general discussion of political
questions on a bill of this kind, which relates
simply to finance. 1 deem it my duty to raise
the point of order on the Senator from Con-
necticut, who has already stated to me and
stated to the Senate that he proposes to discuss
the reconstruction measures, political questions
involved in other bills pending before Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Chair cannot decide
that the Senator is out of order. -He has as
yet made no remarks which can lead the Chair
to any such conclusion.
Mr. SHERMAN. He has already stated
with frankness and propriety that he intends
to discuss other questions.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest a com-
promise. Why not take up the reconstruction
bill proper and proceed with its consideration
for the remainder of the afternoon, that our
friend from Connecticut may have the oppor-
tunity of addressing his remarks to it?
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senate is disposed
now to indulge the Senator from Connecticut,
I would a great deal rather that should be done
than to have an evil example set which may at
some time be followed to the detriment of the
public business.
Mr. SUMNER. That would be the more
orderly and logical course.
Mr.FESSENDEN. It is a matter of indif-
ference to me personally how this point of
order shall be decided. I do not know that I
shall have occasion to say anything upon either
of the bills referred to, the reconstruction bill
or the currency bill. That will depend upon
my being in a better condition than I am to-day;
but I had thought that if I discussed either of
them I would discuss both in the same speech,
and say wkat I had to say on the subject of
reconstruction and of the currency in the same
discourse, if I made any. I desire, therefore,
to enter my protest against any rule being es-
tablished for the first time in this body that a
gentleman may not speak on something else
besides the matter immediately before the Sen-
ate. It will be establishing, I must say, a new
rule in the Senate to undertake to criticise a
gentleman's speech and declare that what he
is saying has no relevancy to thequestion. The
Senator from Connecticut has very fairly given
notice, which other Senators have not done;
but I and many other Senators have repeat-
edly made speeches in the Senate large parts
of which had nothing in the world to do with
the subject under discussion. It is a common
practice here, and has been ever since I have
been a member of the Senate; and it will be
establishing a new precedent for the Senate in
advance, or even as a Senator goes along, to
pick him up on something that they may think
is not exactly applicable to the matter under
discussion. I hope that no new rule will be
established. As for the fact that we may pre-
dicate a new discussion upon a subject to which
it is foreign, and then protract the time, that
is inevitable. We have no rule except to sit
a matter out when we want to get a vote. That
is the only remedy we have. The Senate
will remember that perhaps the greatest dis-
cussion ever had upon political questions was
upon Foot's resolution, as it was called, and
pretty much the whole debate had nothing to
do with the resolution under discussion.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say one word, if
the Senator from Connecticut will permit me
to do so.
Mr. DIXON. I prefer not to give way.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not ask the Senator
to give way. I simply wish to give notice thai
there is a bill before the Senate that I am very
anxious to take up and have acted upon. I
refer to Senate bill No. 256, relating to the
Central Branch Union Pacific railroad. 1 now
give notice that I shall endeavor to call that
bill up for discussion to-morrow after the
morning hour, and I hope Senators will allow
me to do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. I find that it is impossi-
ble to confine the attention of the Senate to
tlie subject before it. I will, therefore, with-
draw the point of order, and let the Senator
from Connecticut proceed. As a matter of
course, however, it enables any one Senator to
interrupt the business of the Senate; but that
is a question for him to settle.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I merely wish to
notify the Senator from Michigan that to-mor-
row is set apart for the consideration of bills
from the Pension Committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Connecticut is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DIXON. If any Senator has any far-
ther objection to make to the course which I
propose to take I wish he would state it now.
Mr. DIXON proceeded to address the Sen-
ate. [See Appendix.}
message from the iiouse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 907) to provide for the sale of cer-
tain lands and lots on the sea islands of Beau-
fort district, South Carolina, and for other
purposes, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 331) to facilitate
the payment of soldiers' bounties, under the
act of 18C6, asked a conference on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. H. E. Paine of Wisconsin,
Mr. J. A. Garfield of Ohio, and Mr. J. L.
Getz of Pennsylvania, managers at the same
on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 678) making appro-
priations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the united States for the year end-
ing June 30, 1869, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and liad appointed Mr. B. F. Butler of Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. W. H. Kelsey of New York,
and Mr. J. A. Nicholson of Delaware, man-
agers at the same on its part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bill and joint resolutions; and
they were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 785) to revive an act to
constitute Hannibal, Missouri, and Peoria,
Illinois, ports of delivery ;
A joint resolution (H. li. No. 226) appoint-
ing managers of the National Asylum for Dis-
abled Soldiers, and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 228) relative
to the post office and sub-Treasury of the city
of Boston.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 907) to provide for the
sale of certain lands and lots on the sea islands
of Beaufort district, South Carolina, and for
other purposes, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
CAPTURED AND ABANDONED PROPERTY..
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Edmunds, Mr. Fessenden, and Mr, Trum-
bull the committee of conference on the part
