312
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. ov Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Pruyn.
40th Cong .... 2d Bess.
whether sufficient cause of removal exists. . 2>oes not
this set the Senate over the head of the President?
But supposo they shall decide in favor of the officer,
what ii situation is ihePresident thenin, surrounded
by officers with whom, by his situation, he is com-
pelled to act. but in whom lie can have no confi-
dence, reversing the privilege given him by the
Constitution* to prevent his having officcis imposed
upon him who do not meet his approbation. But I
have another more solid objection which place? tho
question in a more important point of view. The
Constitution has placed the Senateas the only secur-
ity and barrier between the House of Representa-
tives and the President.
" Supposo the President has desired the Senate to
concurinremoving an officer, and they have declined,
or suppose the. House have applied to the President
and Senate to remove an officer obnoxious to them,
and they determine against the measure, the House
can have recourse to nothing but an impoaehmcnt,
if they suppose the criminality of tho ofliccr will
warrant such procedure. Will the'Senate then be
that upright court which they'ought to appeal to on
this occasion, when illcy have prejudged j our cau^e?
I conceive the Senate will be too much under the
control of their former decision to boa pioper body
for this House to apply to for impartial justice.
" A$thc Senate are the dernier resort, and the only
court of judicature which can determine on cases of
impeachment, X am for preserving them free and
independent, both on account of the ofliccr and this
House. I therefore conceive that it was never tho
intention of the Constitution to vest tho power of
removal in the President and Senate: but, as it must
exist somewhere, it rests in the President alone."
1 may here add the following remark of Mr.
Goodhue, (page 555:)
" It moreover appears very clcar to me that tho
Senate, who are a judicial body, ought not to meddle
with tire business of removal, because they will have
prejudged the case if an impeachmentshould thore-
alter be made."
Is it not, Mr. Speaker, a most striking com-
ment on the broad and sagacious views of Mr.
Boudinot, that he looked into the future with
such prophetic clearness? The case of Mr.
Stanton is beforeusalmostin name and words,
in spirit and substance entirely so. The evils
to follow from an act containing the princi-
ples of the tenure-of-oliice act are stated
almost as clearly as if the act itself had been
before the speaker in written words; and the
Senate by the resolutions which they adopted
a few days ago, denying the President's right
to remove Mr. Stanton, wilt be placed, should
the President be impeached by this House, in
the position which it was predicted would be so
unfortunate for the cause of "impartial justicc.''
Iknowit may be said that Senators never could
have supposed at the time those resolutions were
adopted that this House could bo guilty of so
great an act of folly as to impeach the Presi-
dent for having removed Mr. Stanton, and J
trust that their expectations in this respect will
prove to have beeu well founded. Any other
view of the action of the Senate will, I am
sure, do injustice to many of the members of
that body, if not to all who voted in favor of
the resolutions to which I have alluded. The
Senators certainly would not have rushed on
to judgment in advance could they for a mo-
ment have believed that for the act referred to
the House would impeach the President.
I add extracts from the remarks of that
great man and orator, Fisher Ames, who said ;
"The Constitution places all executive power in
the hands of the President, apd could he personally
execute all the laws there would be no occasion for
e^tablishingauxiliaries; but theeircumscribed powers
of huraau nature in one man demand the aid of
Others.'' * * '* "Ho mutt thoiefore have
assistants. But in order that he may be responsible
to his country he must have a choicc in selecting his
assistants, a. control over them with power to remove
them when he finds the qualifications which induced
their appointment cease to exist/' * * s-
"The executive powers arc delegated to the Presi-
dent with a view to have a responsible officer to
superintend, control, inspect, and check the officers
neces-saitly employed in administering the laws.
Tho only bond between him and those he employs is
the confidence he has in their integrity and talents;
when that confidence ceases the principal ought to
have power to remove those whom he can no longer
trust, with safety. If an officer shall be guilty of neg-
lect or infidelity there can be no doubt but he ought
to be removed; yet there may be numerous causes
for removal which do not amount to a crime. He
may-propose to do a mischief, but I believe the mere
intention would not be cause of impcachmcnt. He
may lose the confidence of the people upon suspicion,
in which case it would be improper to retain him in
service: he ought to be removed at any time wh<m,
instead of doing the greatest possible good, he is
likely to do an injury to the public interest by being
continued in the admininistration."
" But why should wo connect the Senate in tho re-
moval ? Their attention is taken up with other im-
portant business, and they have no constitutional
authority to watch the conduct of the executiveoffi-
ccrs, and therefore cannot use such authority with
advantage. If tho President is inclined to shelter
himself behind tho Senate, with respect to having
continued an improper person in office, wc lose the
responsibility, which is our greatest security; the
blame among so many will be lost.
Another reason occurs to me against blending
these powers. An officer who superintends thctyub-
lic revenue will naturally acquire a great influence.
If he obtains support in the Senate, upon an attempt
of the President toremovo him, it will be out of the
power of the House, when applied toby the First
Magistrate, to impeach him with success; l'or tho very
means of proving charges of mnlconduct against him
will be under the poweref tho officer; all the papers
nccessaiy to convict him may be withheld while the
peison continues in his office.
" Protection may bo rendered for protection ; and
as this ofliccr has such extensive influeuce it may be
exerted to procurcthercclcctionof lii&lriends. These
circumstances, in addition to f hosostated by thegen-
tleman from Jersey, (Mr. Boudinot,) must clearly
evince to every gentleman the impropriety of con-
necting the Senate with the President in removing
from office."
I quote what Judge Benson said, (page 525:)
4* I will not repeat what, has been said to prove
that the true construction (of the Constitution) is,
that the President alone has the power ol removal;
but will state a ease to show the embarrassment which
must aiiso by a combination of the senatorial and
legislative authority in this particular. I will in-
stance tho ofliccr to which the bill relates. To him
will necessarily be committed negotiations with tho
ministers of foreign courts. This is a very delicate
trust. The supreme executive officer, in superin-
tending this Department, may be cutanglcd with
suspicions of a very delicatc nature relative to the
transactions ol tlic officer, and such as from circum-
stances would be injurious to name; indeed, ho may
be so situated that ho will not, cannot give tho evi-
dence of his suspicion. Now, thus circumstanced,
supposo he should propose to the Sonato to remove
the Secretary of Foreign Affairs, are we to expect the
Senate will, without any reason bcincr assigned, im-
plicitly submit to his proposition? They will not.
Suppose he should say he suspected the man's fidel-
ity; they would say wo must proceed furthor, and
know the reason for this suspicion; they would insist
on a full communication. Is it to^ be supposed that
this man will not have a single friend in tho Senate
who will contcnd for a fair trial and a lull hearing?
" The President then becomes the plaintiff and tho
secretary the defendant. The Senate arc sitting in
judgment between the Chief Magistrate of the United
States and a subordinate officer. Now, I submit to
the candor of the gentlemen whether this looks like
(rood government? Yet in oveiy instance when the
President thinks proper to have an officer removed
this absurd scene must be displayed. How much bet-
ter, even on principles of expediency, will it be that
thePresidcnt alone have thepower of removal."
Jfere, again, we have tho present condition
of things stated with as much clearness as if
it had transpired in 1789.
I shall only add what was stated by ono of
the most eminent of the great men of his clay;
and you will observe that he, also, was fully
aware of the difficulties which would grow out
of the power of lemoval, if it could be exor-
cised by the President only by and with tho
advice and conscnt of the Senate.
Mr. Sedgwick said:
"Suppose the President has a Secretary in whom
ho discovers a great degree of ignorance or a total
incapacity to conduct tho business he has assigned
him; suppose him inimical to the President, or sup-
pose any ol tho groat variety of cases which would
be good cause for removal, and impress the propriety
of Mich a, mcasuiestrongly on the mind of the Presi-
dent, without any otherevidence than what exists in
his own ideas, from a contemplation of the man'scon-
duct and character day by day, what,lot rac ask, is to
bo the consequenceif the'Senatearctp be applied to?
Jf they arc to do anything in this business, I presume
they arc todeliberate, because they are to advise and
consent. If they are to deliberate, you put them be-
tween the officer and the President. They are then
to inquire into the cause of removals; tho President
must produce his te&timony. How is the question to
be investigated ? Because, I presume, there must he
somerational luleforconductingthis business, is the
President to be sworn to dcclaie the whole truth and
to bring forward facts? Or are they to admit sus-
picion as testimony ? Or isthe word ofthc President
to be taken at all events? If so, this check is not of
the least efficacy in nature. But if proof be necessary,
what is then the consequence? Why, in nine cases
out of ten, where the case is very clear to the mind
of the President that the man ought to be removed,
the effect cannot bo produced, bceauso it is absolutely
impossible to produce the necessary evidence. Are
the Senate to proceed without evidence? Somegen-
tlemon contend not. Then the object uill be loot.
Shall a man, under these circumstances, bo saddled
upon the President, who has been appointed for n<*
other purpose but to aid the President in performing
certain duties? Shall ho bo continued, I ask again,
against the will of the President ? 1/hp is, where is
tho responsibility? Are you to look for it in tntf
President, who has no control over the omecr, no
power to remove him if he acts unfeelingly or unfaith-
fully? Without you make him responsible you
weaken and destroy the strength and beauty ofyouT
system."
Such were some* of the views urged in favor
of the executive power of removal from office.
They were met with vigor by gentlemen of
ability, some of whom claimed that impeach-'
ment must be resorted to if an ofiiccr bad be-
come unfaithful. Others that the President
could remove only in the manner he appointed,
that is, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate. The debate, as I have already
said, was very thorough and comprehensive,
and on what may be considered as the test
question it was held that the Constitution con-
ferred the power of removal on the Executive,
by a vote of 31 to 19; and on the third read-
ing the bill passed by a vote of 29 to 22. As
the Senate then held its sittings with closed
doors, wc have no reports of the debates in that
body, but the bill passed by the casting vote
of the Vice President.
Such are the facts which relate to this deeply
interesting event in our constitutional history.
Chancellor Kent, speaking of the subject in
his Commentaries (the first edition of which
appeared forty-two years ago) and of the debate
in Congress, (o which I have referred, says that
the question maybe considered "as firmly and
definitely settled, and there is good sense and
practical utility in the construction."
Judge Story, in his Commentaries on the Con-
stitution, (the first edition of which appeared
thirty-five years since,) considers this matter
very fully, gives the arguments on both sides,
and concedes that it will be difficult, perhaps
impracticable, after forty years' experience, to
change the practice which has existed since
1789. But as " inferior officers," which desig-
nation includes the great body of public officers,
may be appointed in one of several modes pre-
scribed by the Constitution, he .considers the
remedy for any abitse'of power by the President
to be within the control of Congress.
This disposition of the matter has at times
beeu questioned by some of our most distin-
guished statesmen ; but I believe that the con-
clusion was uniformly arrived at that the ques-
tion had been fairly settled. Mr. Webster, in
the Senate some thirty years ago, while cen-
suiing the manner in which the power of re-
moval had been exercised, did not question its
existence in the President; and a committee
of (he Senate, as early as 1826, proposed to
reach the matter, not by legislation, but by an
amendment of the Constitution. Whether the
decision of the Congress of 1789 was wise or
not, it 13 clear that the practical construction
of the Constitution has been uniform from fliat
time till the passage of the tenure-of-offiee act
in 1807, the long period of seventy-eight years.
Seventeen distinguished persons had, in that
long period, occupied the presidential office.
Thirty-eight Congresses hud followed that of
1789; thousands of officers had been removed
by the Presidents during that time and appoint-
ments made to fill those and other vacancies;
in short., the principle had been recognized
by every department of the Government in
every possible way. And is all this to go for
nothing? Six years, by the statute of limita-
tions in almost every State of the Union, as to
peisonal property, and twenty years as to real
estate, disposes of claims on which large rights
and often the welfare of individuals and fami-
lies, and even important iuterests of commu-
nities, depend. Accordiugto the usual rules of
computation, four business generations have
nearly passed away since this question was dis-
posed of after most deliberate consideration.
Aie wc now to overturn it? Are decisions
on constitutional questions never to be ic-
sspeucd? I& the President, who alone, of all
