1S6&
Tl® OONGftflSSftitfAl OtlOM.
fVnnd and corruption against the Secretary and
the head of the Revenue Bureau by the gentle- |]
man from Illinois is concerned, I have nothing
to say. I'iiey were both appointed by Mr. Lin-
coln. and they are, in ray opinion, much more
honest than the average ot' Lincoln's appointees.
As to the personal character ot the Secre-
tary and Commissioner, I certainly have noth-
ing to say; believing that if they are as dis-
honest as the gentleman from Illinois charges
Mr. Lincoln appointed them because they were
more honest than any of the Republicans with :
whom he was acquainted. I
The present system of collecting the internal >
revenue is a Republican invention ; and, as I 1
believe, was gotten np to furnish places for a '
lot of lazy fellows and others who were to work
for the party and its advancement.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
.Mr. LOGAN. I yield the remainder of my
time to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, I trust the
House will pardon me at this late hour for
saying a few words on the proposition now
before us. I have but eight minutes left to
me and shall have to be very brief.
The people are taxed heavily and their
Representatives anxious to ascertain what
articles can be released from that burden, aud
from what articles we can best collect revenue
to pay the interest on our public debt and
gradually reduce the principal. The public
mind is perhaps more deeply interested in this
question of producing revenue from the tax on
whisky than almost any other. I hope, there-
fore, the debate will be allowed to run further
than is now intended. The fact stares us in
the face that we are collecting but $23,000,000
from this source, when we should obtain over
one hundred millions.
I favor the project of the committee, but
not entirely for the reasons set forth by the
able chairman of the committee. The de-
partment has at present adopted the Tice
meter. I agree with him the public should 1
know whether this meter is in all respects
equal to the best that can be procured. This
much is due to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, under whose supervision it has been
adopted—dne, too, to Mr. Tice, who certainly
shonld deserve a commission, which, if his
device is worthy of adoption, will award him
the credit. It is simple justice to others hav-
ing meters that theirs, also, shonld be fairly
tested, and it is right that Congress shall be
fullv informed upon the subject. But, sir, the
debate to-day will show—if nothing else has
shown—these differing opinions of gentlemen
who, like myself, have merely gained their
information from others, and know little about
this matter scientifically, that the meter sys-
tem is defective, uncertain, and not the safest
one for adoption. One year ago I became
convinced, from conversation with an intelli-
gent gentleman who had witnessed the_opera-
tion of the laws relating to distilled spirits in
Prussia and Austria, that to tax capacity was
the fairest and best ^node of obtaining a
revenue from this source. A committee, of
which I was one, was appointed in the last
Congress about the same time for the very
purpose of investigating frauds on the internal
revenue, and especially with reference to dis-
tilled spirits. Mr. Darling was its able chair-
man, and that committee in a report, for
which my friend from Michigan [Mr. Beaman]
deserves a full share of credit, decided in favor
of this mode of raising the revenue.
I read from their report:
" But it is believed that a modification of the law
bo as to lay the tax on distilled spirits on the capacity
of the distillery would be found at onee simple, easy,
and effective, and that it would operate greatly to
reduce the expense of collection; and until some
automatic contrivance can be invented to indicate
unerringly the exact quantity of proof spirit pro-
duced we are of the opinion that the tax should be
laid upon the capacity of the distillery, a3 above
sus°'e*t<'d. An pxpert could readily determine very
nearly the actual capacity; and by adopting this plan
you secure the collection of the revenue, avoid all the
various temptations and opportunities for fraud to
which allusiom has already been made, and which
must ever exist under a system so complicated as the
'present. Souio reasonable reduction might be made
from the actual ascertained capacity to provide for
contingencies, stoppages, &c. If it be said that by
such deduction some spirits might escapo tax, it is
answered that it would operate only as a reduction of
the tax. now confessedly large; but it would preclude
illicit distillation and would operate equally upon all
engaged in the business."
I favor the appointment of this commission ;
because I understand they are not only to report 1
upon the subject of meters—and if the meter
plan is to succeed I wish the best one—but it !
1 will come within the scope of their authority 1
also to report their views of the feasibility of j
levying the tax upon the capacity, not of the
still, but of the distillery ; that is, of the mash j
tubs. It takes generally forty gallons of water ]
to one bushel of grain to make what is called j
a mash. That produces about three gallons of i
whisky. If you adopt any system of measure- j
ment at the tail of the worm, fraud may pre- I
vent the whisky from going through the meter,
or a little upsetting of the meter may prevent its
registering the liquor which does pass through
it. If you adopt the beer meter that is spoken
ofby the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,]
it has been found by experience that thirty gal-
lons of water to one bushel of corn will pro-
duce the same quantity of whisky, thatis to say,
a thicker mash will be produced, and if regis-
tered by the beer meter before it reaches the
still the meter will register this lesser quantity
and fail to show that the strength is the same.
The true mode, then, as I believe, and I hope
to present more perfect views hereafter, would
be something like this: to have in each district
a board composed, say, of the assessor, the
collector, and one or even two skilled men,
the latter to pass a rigid examination and scru-
tiny, sworn to do their duty, and under heavy
penalties for violating it, and let the party who
! desires apermit for distillation for a gi ven period
go to them, giving a plan of his distillery, with
i minute description of every tub, still, and dis-
| tilling apparatus. They can certainly assess
' the capacity of his mash-tubs by calculation as
i perfectly as by meter, supposing the latter to
i be honestly tested, and ascertain the amount
of whisky which can be distilled. The law
should allow about twenty per cent, for leak-
ages, stoppages, &c. By this means you will
have a certain income from whisky, and you
will need no officers save these few and one or
two to visit each distillery at times to see if
new tubs or stills are adued, which a severe
penalty on the distiller would prevent, even if
the ease of detection would not.
But there is a still greater advantage from
this system. We should take care of themorals
of the people in so far as we can in this regard.
[ Ever since the present laws upon the subject
1 of whisky went into operation fraud has per-
I meated almost every branch of business con-
'' nected with it, and it is our duty to see that this
temptation to fraud is no longer held out.
! The test of capacity seems the true one by
which to tax this article. It will yield us a
! certain income, and avoid the necessity of
employing all these almost irresponsible office-
' holders, whether appointed by Mr. Johnson or
| otherwise. I know, statements from the other
i side of the House to the contrary notwith-
standing, they are all appointed by the Presi-
dent or Secretary of the Treasury. Not a
man can be selected otherwise_ except occa-
sionally, when the recommendation of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue is taken. This
commission can report • not only upon the
meters—the best of which I shall be glad to
vote for if no other plan can be adopted—but
also whether the plan of taxing capacity adopted
in Hungary, in Prussia, in England, and at
one time in this country, is not the true one.
SHere the hammer fell.]
Ir. VAN WYCK obtained the floor.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. VAN WYCK. No, sir; it is about time
that this thing was played out in this House of
calling the previous question after a gentleman
has been heard on one side. I had the Speak-
er's eye and obtained the floor before the gen-
tleman had an opportunity of doing it.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me to explain.
Mr. VAN WYCK. It needs no explanation.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to explain that 
Mr. VAN WYCK. I cannot yield. I want
to talk a little about this resolution.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection td your
talking, but I do not like to have the word
"cackling" applied to me.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I desire to come back
to the matter really under discussion.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me just to ask you a
question. I ask you if you applied the word
"cackling" to me.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I did not apply the
word "cackling" at all to anybody. I am not
in the habit of using such words on the floor
of the House or anywhere else.
Now, I want to say a few words in regard
to the merits of this joint resolution. 1 do
not take it for granted that because it comes
from a committee of this House, no matter
how high or distinguished that committee may
be, it follows as a matter of course that the
members of that Committee must occupy pretty
S much all the time of the House, and then ex-
: pect the House to ratify the conclusion to
i jvhich they come. And hence it is, with all
due respect for that committee and for their
report, I desire to say a few words in opposi-
; tion to the proposition which they have sub-
| mitted to this House.
They ask that a commission shall be ap-
pointed. Why? Are we to establish the pre-
cedent that every committee of this House,
whenever they have a difficult problem to solve,
shall come here and ask for the appointment
of a commission to resolve some doubtful point
that has been presented to their consideration?
I have said that the Treasury Department had
been investigating this matter for two years,
sometimes by means of one species of com-
mission and sometimes by means of another,
by Treasury agents and other means. Yet the
frauds have been increasing and multiplying,
and the revenue has been diminishing from
that very time until now.
And Congress itself may share a portion of
the blame and the responsibility for these
enormous frauds. At the time this tax was
raised to two dollars per gallon Congress
refused to let it apply to whisky then on hand.
The consequence was that the speculators were
given an opportunity to make $50,000,000;
they put into their pockets more money thrm
the Treasury has received from this source
from the time of the passage of that law to this
But they want this commission. Why?
They say that the Secretary of the Treasury
appointed one commission under an act of
Congress. Was not that sufficient? Why do
they come forward now and ask us to clothe
the Secretary of the Treasury with power to
appoint another commission?
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman permit
me to answer that question?
Mr. VAN WYCK. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. The reason is this: the first
commission that was appointed examined only
those meters which test or prove the quantity
of the spirit after distillation. I he proposition
now is to have a commission that shall not only
examine meters to test and prove the quantity
of spirits distilled, but shall also examine
meters which test the product itself. I hat is
the reasori for this commission.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Yes, sir. Now, a word
right here. The gentlemen of the Committee
of Ways and Means are evidently conversant
with this subject. The Committee of Ways
and Means are the only commission which this
House wants_for this purpose. They are con-
versant with"this matter of meters, and they
have given us their views and their reasons in
reference to this matter.
But they now say they want another commis-
sion appointed to investigate this subject. They
