1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
privilege, and we therefore reduce the tax so
that it will not be too great a hardship upon
the distiller. Instead of increasing it to a dol-
lar, I should be disposed rather to reduce it
even below fifty cents, inasmuch as the tax is
to be paid at the distillery.
1 only wished to make this explanation, as I
understood the Senator from Vermont to say
that he believed this amendment met the views
of a majority of the Committee on Finance.
-Mr. EDMUNDS. "The real opinion" I
said.
Mr. MORGAN. I have always understood
that the bill as reported met the opinions of
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Commit-
tee on Finance are not all Seymours. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MORGAN. The bill as reported met
the views of thg members of the Committee on
Finance, and Itliink it is better for their report
to speak for them than it is for Senators not. on
the committee.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I am in favor of
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Indiana. I differ with great reluctance from
the Committee on Finance, to whom this bill
was referred, but it is a subject to which I have
given some little attention. While I have no
doubt they have expressed their opinions fully
in regard to the propriety of their course of
action by their report, I entertain just as little
doubt that this reduction of the tax has been
brought about by the operation of distillers as
I do that I am now here. I think that the
reduction of this tax before the opposition that
is made will have a bad effect. In the first
place, it shows the weakness and impotency of
the Government—a concession which, for one,
I am unwilling to make. I deny that this Gov-
ernment, through its proper agents, is unable
to collect two dollars a gallon upon every gal-
lon of distilled spirits. To acknowledge that
is to acknowledge that a band of associated
distillers ora combination of thieves is stronger
than the Government itself, and that in the
face of the terrible frauds perpetrated upon the
Government we must yield to their strength
the power of the Government itself.
Sir, there has been but very little realized
from this commodity to the revenue. That
little was little enough ; but there will be noth-
ing now under this bill. I know that some
put forth the theory that you cannot collect a
tax upon a manufactured article where the tax
is greater than the price of producing it; but,
sir, against that theory I interpose the fact
that England has done it for half a century,
collecting a tax of seven shillings on the
gallon.
Mr. HARLAN. Ten shillings.
Mr. NYE. Ten shillings upon a gallon,
and it costs their distillers no more than it
does ours; and yet they collect it. How do
they collect it? They collect it by having
honest, efficient, capable officers. They have
reduced it to a system that defies fraudulent
combinations, and their coffers are filled from
this revenue.
Now, Mr. President, there are some things
that we leatn as well from observation as from
theory. I lived in a vicinity in my early life
where there were small duties collected upon
every bushel of salt manufactured. They finally
got it down to a penny a bushel; five cents a
barrel, I think it is now, is it not?
Mr. MORGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. The penalty for not paying the
duty was the forfeiture of the vehicle in which
the salt was found, and there were some other
penalties beside ; and yet not a single season
rolls around but what canal-boats are forfeited
for one hundred barrels of salt, when the whole
tax would not cost them five dollars. There
seems to be a natural propensity to steal from
the Government. No matter what tax you
impose upon any article, be it great or small,
it seems to be the disposition of the world to
resist it, and resist it by fraudulent and dis-
honest means. If you cannot collect a penny
on salt in the State that my honorable friend
[Mr. Moepax] represents, how are you going
to collect fifty cents upon whisky? Men are
no more honest in the commodity of whisky
than they are in others. That is quite appar-
ent. The secret of oftr failure lies in the
inefficiency of the agents we have had to col-
lect the tax.
There are other considerations that I desire
to present to the Senate on this subject; but
I suppose they have all been discussed before,
and 1 am not going to take up time. I wished
to be here in time to put in my protest against
the reduction of this tax. Almost every other
kind of merchandise and manufacture is taxed,
and the tax is honestly collected. Men in
legitimate business as it is called—and I do not
know but that distilling should be just as legit-
imate as anything else—pay their full tax.
Every little box is stamped, every yard is
stamped, and every article is numbered by the
assessor and the tax collected. I insist upon
it that the Committee on Finance made a great
mistake when they yielded to the pressure of
the persons who have carried on these frauds,
for the purpose-of making their sins lighter,
though more numerous. It gives them now a
right to steal four gallons where they stole but
one before. I hope that this amendment of
the Senator from Indiana will be adopted. It
will be a burning shame if we have got to stand
up here and plead our inability to collect the
tax upon this commodity. Sir, if we kept the
collection of this tax out of the political arena,
if it had not been a struggle to steal the most
from this traffic for the purpose of enhancing
the prospects of political parties, instead of
receiving 813,000,000 we would have had
S?100,000,000 in the Treasury. Reducing it is
not going to take it out of that arena.
I think the tax ought to be two dollars; but
as that lias been voted down I shall vote for
this amendment. I think it ought to be at least
a dollar. I think, in justice to other trades, in
justice to the dignity of this country, in justice
to ourselves, we ought-to impose at least a tax
of one dollar a gallon upon this traffic, every
gallon of which is freighted with death. If
we are to tax anything, let us tax this.
Now, sir, 1 smoke. What reduction is there
on tobacco ? Nothing. There is not near as
much trouble about tobacco as there is about
whisky. The truth is this whisky ring has got
its finger upon every interest in this country.
Ir, makes Presidents and it unmakes them. It
piles up frauds mountain high, and yet you
cannot get at it by the impotency that this Gov-
ernment has manifested in the collection of this
tax.
I hope that we shall put this tax at a dollar.
I trust the Committee on Finance will agree to
do that. Let us put it a dollar and see to it
that it is collected. It is due to the other busi-
ness interests that this traffic should pay its
portion. Such a tax has been adopted in other
countries successfully, and can be here if per-
sistently followed out.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I wish to present
one consideration in reference to this subject
which I do not think has been presented as
forcibly as it might have been, although, per-
haps, it would .come much better from some
other person. It is known to every member
of the Senate that one evil of this high tax has
been the demoralization, I might almost say, of
the community; certainly of a very unusual
number of persons in the community. It is true
that such a chance will gather all the scoun-
drels in the country to the prey, for where the
carcass is there will the eagles be gathered
together; but the melancholy part, of it is that
so mcny men heretofore standing high in the
regards of their fellow-citizens have yielded
to this temptation. I have in my mind the
case of two, who, within a few days past, have
been sent to the penitentiary. I had in the
course of business here in the Senate in con-
nection with their names, a number of letters
in my hands, and 1 saw several persons who
had known them from their youth, all testify-
ing that previous to their appointment as offi-
cers of the internal revenue their charactcrs
stood as fair as that of any person now before
me; and yet, sir, they yielded. They yielded
at first, I think, for the sum of $5,000 a year,
and in a year or little more they had become
so bold in crime that they demanded an. in-
crease of this infamous compensation. Nor
did it stop there. It is evident to my mind
from the facts that have been madre known to
me that they subsidized many of those who
held office under them; so that in two cases of
crime by the principal officers in the collec-
tion of the revenue, perhaps a dozen became
criminal. •
Now, sir, the consideration that I wish to pre-
sent to the Senate, and which, as I have'already
stated, might come better from some other per-
son, is that we are taughttopray "Leadusuot
into temptation." Itis the only sentence in that
admirable petition that relates to our own pro-
tection. " Lead us not into temptation." We
have the further rule that we should do unto
others as we would that they should do unto us.
Mr. President, I contend that tber.e is some
other object even in the passage of a tax bill
than merely gatheiingmoneyinto the Treasury.
We should always have reference to the morals,
the happiness, and the permanent welfare of
the community. In this case, it seems to me,
that if we adopt this amendment, even in the
form in which it now presents itself, we are
ignoring that petition whieh all are commanded
to use.
1 am aware that by reducing the tax from
two dollars to one dollar a portion of the tempta-
tion is taken away. But I have been of opin-
ion for two or more years past that this tax
ought to be reduced to fifty ccnts or less. I
was afraid that there was almost too much
temptation even in a tax of fifty cents. I am
sure that the difference between the cost of this
commodity and one dollar still affords a very
broad temptation, whieh will be acted ou. It
is no use to talk of laws as certain prevention
of crime. It is no satisfaction to punish these
poor men of whom I have spoken. If we could
have restiained them from the commission of
their offenses, it would have been something
to be proud of. But it is but a very sorry satis-
faction to know that these men, in the prime
of life, are now expiating their offenses in the
penitentiary.
However feeble an advocate of this Christian
principle is before you, and although, as I have
already said, not being a professing member
of any Christian church, I do not feel that it
comes best from me, still I hope it will be taken
into consideration, and that those of us who
call ourselves Christians, will, as far as pos-
sible, prevent unnecessary temptation from
being laid before our l'ellow-citizens.
Mr. NYE. If I understand the honorable
Senator from West Virginia, his opinion is
based upon the hypothesis that a man willsteal
two dollars who would not steal fifty cents. I
do not believe a word of it.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I did not intend k>
reply especially to the Senator from Nevada,
but I did not say what he has attributed to me.
I said that a tax of fifty cents will pre&eut less
temptation than a tax of one dollar; Ehat there
will be less to act upon. I will tell the gentle-
man this: that the dependents, the subordinate
officers, are not seduced by small sums,- and
not only they but even the laborers—every man
that is connected with the removal of this
whisky illicitly—has to be paid a large com-
pensation. I do not suppose that the business
could be carried on very profitably by these
whisky operators if the tax should be placed
at fifty cents. I wish it could be made less;
but every one must be aware that the whole of
the profit does not go into the hands of those
who are at the head of the movement. They
subsidize, they tempt, they make felons of a
number of men by compensation such as they
have never received before in their lives; one
or two thousand dollars, perhaps, to a laborer
for a few weeks' work.
Mr. NYE. I understood the honorable Sen-
ator to say, and I understand him now to say,
that he favors the reduction of this tax upon the
