1814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
whole appropriations since its organization, not
its cost, but the amount of the appropriations,
from its organization to the present time, is less
by between one and two million dollars than this
first "cost," as stated by the President. It
was a matter of record, and the President ought
to have lcnown it. All he had to do was to
consult the bills which he himself had approved,
and he would have found that the statement
made by him in the city of Cleveland was un-
true. He further said at that city:
"The farther expense would be greater, and you
are to be taxed for it, and that is why I vetoed it."
A little further on the course of his journey
the President at St. Louis spoke as follows,
on the 8th of September, 1806:
"But after emancipation took place they gave us
the Freedmen's Bureau;" * * * "they
gave us $12,000,000, and plaecd the power in the hands
of tho Executive, who was to work this machinery,
with the Army brought to his aid, and to sustain it.
They let us run itwith $12,000,000 as a beginning, and
in the end rcceivo fifty or sixty million dollars, and
let us work tho four million slaves. In fine, tho Freed-
men's Bureau was a simple proposition to transfer
four million slaves in tho United States from their
original owners to a new set of taskmasters."
It ia difficult to characterize in fit phrase,
without transcending far beyond the line of
courteous debate, these statements which I
have read, made officially by the President of
the United States: first, in liis veto; second,
in the speech to the delegates at Philadelphia ;
and again in the course of his journey through
theAVest. And yet these statements have been
taken up by gentlemen who have affiliated
politically with the President in this House, on
the stump, through the country, in the South,
in the North, and in the West, everywhere 
Mr. BANKS. All "round the circle."
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir; all round! As though
in very truth they rested upon the authority
of one who ought to be credited. Sir, gentle-
men will find, if they have not already found,
that it will not do to rely upon the author of
this veto as to statements of fact. If they
follow him in statements of fact they will find
in the end that they will be carried so far from
the truth that if a ray of truth could travel a
million times as fast as a ray of light before
one could reach them it would require about
a million times as long as it takes a ray of light
to come from the sun to theearth. [Laughter.]
I do not want to be extravagant, and I believe
I have put it rather mildly. [Laughter.]
And now let me call the attention of the
House to the facts. They show that since the
organization of this bureau, in the early part
of 1805 down to the 1st of January, 1808, the
whole amount of money drawn from the Treas-
ury expended by the bureau in the discharge
of its proper functions under the adminis-
tration of General Howard is $3,847,85-1 39.
That is all the money that has been taken
from the Treasury of the United States for
this bureau from the beginning down to the
1st of January last. Ill addition to that sum
the bureau was compelled to set apart from
moneys appropriated by Congress $500,000 for
the supply of food to the starving and desti-
tute white and colored men in the South, undera
resolution which was passed by Congress on the
30th of March, 1867 ; and in addition to that
it has applied the sum of $50,000, transferred
by Congress from the bureau to the Depart-
ment of Agriculture for the purpose of sup-
plying to the southern States seeds for their
use during the year 1807. If these sums, not
properly chargeable to the Freedmen's Bureau,
are added to the moneys ijxpended for the use
of the bureau, the whole amount would be
$4,307,854 89.
And now I want to bring another fact to the
attention of the House. There was a source
of supply outside of the Treasury and costing
nothing to the loyal citizens from which funds
were received which have been expended under
the charge of the Commissioner of the Bureau
of Freedmen. Before the establishment of the
bureau the affairs of the freedmen had been
conducted by Treasury agents and by depart-
ment commanders, and from cotton which had
been abandoned before it was gathered by its
rebel owners, which was taken charge of by the
Government and sold, there was a fund which,
after the bureau wentinto operation, was turned
over, pursuant to law, to the Commissioner of
the bureau. It came from rebel property;
from rents of lands which had been abandoned
by their owners; from sources out of which it
was expected that substantially all the expenses
of this bureau would be derived. It is a fact
which the records of the bureau will prove,
that if it had not been for the interference of
Andrew Johnson, for his persistent and con-
tinual opposition, there would have been in the
hands of the bureau under the organization of
the law creating it an amount of property
which would, without substantially interfering
with the Treasury of the United States, have
defrayed nearly the whole of the expenses of
the bureau. From these sources there have
been expended under the administration of the
bureau the sum of ยง1,561,002 62, of which
amount the sum of $392,026 98 has been ex-
pended for educational purnoses.
But more than that. When this fund was
turned over from the department of negro
affairs, as it was called, to the bureau, it became
necessary for General Howard to assume all
the expenses of that department from the 1st
of the preceding January. The bureau went
into operation in May, and they were obliged
to assume the expenses which had been incurred
between the 1st of January, 1865, and the 15th
of May, 1865, when the fund was turned over
to them from the superintendent of negro
affairs; so that in the expenses which I have
slated to the House will he included, not only
the charges proper for maintaining the bureau,
but also all the expenses which had been
before that incurred and which were incident
to the management of the department of negro
affairs.
Besides the work to which I have referred
and the expenditures of money to which I have
alluded, the bureau, under General Howard,
has disbursed $'25,000 appropriated by resolu-
tion of April 17,1866, for the relief of citizens
of the District of Columbia, and $15,000 ap-
propriated March 16, 1867, for the relief of
destitute freedmen in this District.
Before I leave this branch of the case I will
answer an inquiry that was put to me just be-
fore taking the floor as to the amount of money
that had been appropriated in the whole.
During 1865 no appropriation was made. In
July, 1866, the appropriation made was not
$12,000,000, as the President stated, but $6,-
944,450. The appropriations for 1867 were
$3,836,300; making an aggregate of appropri-
ations from the Treasury of $10,780,750, of
which less than four millions have been used.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to make an
inquiry of the gentleman in regard to the use
of money by this bureau. If the gentleman
from Massachusetts will inform us I would
like to know if the money actually appropri-
ated by this Congress is all the money that has
been in the control of and used by the officers
of that bureau, or whether there has not been
a very large amount of money realized from
other sources and appropriated and used in
behalf of and in furtherance of the purposes
of this bureau ?
Mr. ELIOT. No others than those that
I have stated that I am aware of.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let mo ask further, so
that the gentleman may answer at the same
time, whether rations have not been given out
and whether a large amount of money lias not
been used in the way of transportation?
Mr. ELIOT. Why, certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And which has been
charged to other accounts than those of the
bureau?
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir; every ration that has
been given out under the administration of the
bureau has been charged, so far as I know. If
the gentleman wants to know about that, I
can tell him in regard to rations, that they have
been distributed not only to the freedmen, but
to white loyal refugees; and in reference to
the States of Alabama and Arkansas and Mis-
souri especially the records of the bureau will
show that larger amounts have been at times
appropriated to the white refugees than have
been to freedmen. .
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] would give
a specific answer to the question which I put
to him. I do not care whether the appropria-
tions have been used for whites or for blacks.
But I ask the gentleman this specific question:
whether the Freedmen's Bureau has not, in
fact, had and enjoyed a much greater amount
of money than that which he has named as
the specific appropriations made for that pur-
pose ; whether they have not had it in the way
I have suggested ? I hope the gentleman will
not, by any partisan pleading and statements,
evade the question, but will give us the specific
information which my interrogatory indicates.
Mr. ELIOT. I would like to know whether
the gentleman supposes I want to evade any-
thing?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I certainly thought so
from the gentleman's answer, so far as he had
gone. I hope, however, he may not evade the
inquiry hereafter.
Mr. ELIOT. There is no need of our evad-
ing anything on this side of the House in
regard to the administration of tho Freedmen's
Bureau. The evasion comes not from ns,
but from the gentleman's colleagues and friends
on this floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not see exactly
how that can be; we have not had any of the
money.
Mr. ELTOT. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
The gentleman's friends in the South, under
the guise of loyal refugees, have had some
of it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman, when
he says my "friends in the South," means
the whole people of the southern States, he
speaks correctly, for I do include them among
my friends.
Mr. ELIOT. All of the gentleman's friends
have had the care of this bureau.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not care who have
had it. Will the gentleman tell us whether
this bureau has not had at its disposal other
sums of money than the sums appropriated by
Congress?
Mr. ELIOT. None other than those I have
stated which I can now recollect. If the gen-
tleman will specify other sums which he sup-
poses they have had I will try to answer him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did ask whether large
sums of money have not been used for trans-
portation, which sums had been charged to the
service of the Army?
Mr. ELIOT. All the money paid for trans-
portation on behalf of the bureau has been
charged against the bureau ; and if the gentle-
man will take the trouble to look he will find
it all in the records which the bureau have sub-
mitted to this House.
The gentleman says he does not care whether
the whites or the blacks have received the care
of this bureau. I do not suppose h3 does.
But I will state as a matter of fact, and for the
purpose of showing that in the administration
of the affairs of the bureau no regard has been
paid to color, that in October, 1866, in the
State of Alabama, three milllion six hundred
and fifty-one thousand six hundred and twenty-
four rations were issued, of which two million
five hundred and .fifty-two thousand nine hun-
dred and seven were issued to loyal white
refugees.
In March, 1867, in Missouri and Arkansas,
there were issued one million seven hundred
and five thousand and fifty-five rations, of
which one million two hundred and sixty thou-
sand five hundred and sixty-five were issued to
white loyal refugees. I do not mean to say
that,_ upon the whole, the freedmen have not
had issued to them more rations 'rial have been
issued to the white refugees. Of course, it
must have been so. I statethesefaets toshow
that rations were distributed where they were
Tieeded.
There have been issued to destitute refugees
