2838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
itures for the current year ending June 30,
1868: S '
Civil—legislative, ex-
ecutive, and foreign
intercourse 
Interior—pensions and
Indians 
War 
Interest on public debt.
Total .* „ 
Sources.
§
3
CO
CO
Actual.
$38,554,175 32
24,733,337 29
88,858,496 82
19,113,673 53
109,418,383 87
Three quarters
frotn July 1,
1867. to Mar.
31,1858.
<£>
CP
1
Estimated.
' $13,000,000
4,000,000
35,000,000
6,500,000
40,000,000
tjrt-o
ZTA e
© CT-
•Pa o
P§7
*f}
O
■—-X
CO
CO
co
Actual and esti-
mated.
$51,554,175 32
28,733,337 29
123,858,496 82
25*613,673 53
149,418,383 87
Total expendi-
ture for fiscal
year ending
June 3D, 1869.
It will be observed that the expenses for the
current year, actual and estimated, exceed
those of 1867 by some thirty-three million dol-
lars ; but an analysis of the items will show
that S32,000,000 in round numbers will be
used during the year to pay bounties to sol-
diers ; some nine million dollars has and will
be paid to reimburse loyal States for expend-
itures made during the war. The interest
account has also been increased some six mil-
lion dollars during this year as compared with
1867.
Of the expenditures of the War Department,
at least$30,000,000 were used by General Han-
cock in organizing andconducting an expedi-
tion against hostile Indians in the Territories ;
so that, although there is an apparent increase
during the present year, there has been an
actual reduction of the ordinary expenditures
during the presentyear as compared with 18G7.
During the period from August 31,1865—at
which time the public debt reached its maxi-
mum—to November 1, 1867, the public debt
has been reduced $266,185,121 43,orover ten
million dollars per month, in addition to the
payment of the ordinary expenses of the Gov-
ernment and the interest on the public debt.
During the same time nearly forty million dol-
lars were paid to the soldiers and sailors of
the Union as bounties for faithful service.
The estimated expenditures during the year
ending June.30, 1869, cannot exceed $850,-
000,000, and should fall considerably below
that sum.
The largest amount ever collected in anyone
fiscal year by the Government from internal
taxes and customs was during the fiscal year
ending June 3, 1866. During this year the
amount collected from internal taxation was
$310,906,984, currency, and from customs
$179,046,630, gold. Reducing the customs
receipts to currency, (the premium on gold
being assumed at forty per cent.,) we have as
the total amount of revenue drawn from the
country during the above year by various forms
of taxation thesum'of $561,572,266, currency ;
which, with an assumed population in 1866,
of thirty-five million, is equivalent to §16 04,
currency, or $11 46 in gold per capita.
This vast sum was raised under laws passed
when the rebellion was in progress, and it
became necessary to test to the utmost extent
the ability and disposition of the American
people to endure taxation for the purpose of
preserving the national life.
This enormous tax has been reduced from
that time to the present moment, and it is pro-
posed by this bill to raise, chiefly from luxuries,
a sufficient amount of money in connection
with our customs revenue to maintain the
public faith and credit, and at the same time
provide for the support of the Government and
still leave a surplus to be applied to the pay-
ment of the principal of tjie public debt. And
now, notwithstanding the criticisms of gentle-
men on this floor, 1 assert here, and I believe
it cannot be successfully contradicted, that
since the close of the war we have reduced the
ordinary expenditures ot the Government by
the legislation of Congress. And from the
estimates before us—and they are estimates
not for the purpose of carrying apolitical cam-
paign, as was intimated in the debate here last
night, not estimates made to be supplied in a
deficiency bill when we come again on the first
Monday of December, after the Presidential
election—but they are estimates based upon
the actual expenditures that must be made
during the next fiscal year. From these esti-
mates we shall be able to make a still further
reduction of nearly thirty million dollars in the
ordinary expenditures of the Government.
Now, Mr. Chairman, with reference to the
method adopted by Congress in relation to the
subjects which could be relieved from taxation, I
desire to say a word. I believe when the ques-
tion of the removal of the tax on cotton was
before the House there was very little objection
to it. All admitted that it was essential to the
revival of the industry of the southern States
that the duty should be removed after the crop
of 1867 had reached a market. There was
some contrariety of opinion as to whether we
should remove the entire tax upon the indus-
trial interests of the country. All agreed, I
believe, that the taxes upon industry are the
most odious and obnoxious that can be im-
posed, for the reason that from necessity they
are duplicated and reduplicated many times.
Therefore it is difficult to tax industry and
make a just system of taxation.
Now, the effect of this tax upon the people
of the country will be determined somewhat
by the result of the removal of this tax. Should
its effect be to stimulate the manufacturing
interests of the country, then it will be satis-
factory to the consumers of the country ; but
if it should not have that effect, so as to create
competition, the removal of the tax will be an
addition of about ten per cent, to the tariff or
import duties, at least upon such articles as are
imported and come in competition with our
domestic productions.
So thatif industry is stimulated to such an ex-
tent as to create a home competition, the result
will be to the benefit of the consumer. Should
that notbe the result, the effect will be beneficial
to the manufacturing industry of the country,
andtothat extent we have raised the tariff dur-
ing the present session. I am unable to say
precisely what that effect will be, but my own
impression is that this benefit will be divided at
last between the consumer and the manufac-
turer. The Committee of Ways and Means have
decided—IthinkI canspeakof itnow, because
it is a matter of publicity—the committee have
decided al thepresentsessionto make no gene-
ral revision of the tariff.
Mr. BLAINE. Do they propese a partial
one?
Mr. ALLISON. If we make any at all, it
will apply to only a very few articles, and I
desire to say here that, in my judgment, no such
general revision isrequiredunlessitshould be to
readjust the duties so as to make reductions
upon most articles ; upon some articles it may
be necessary to make an increase. I believe, so
far as I have been able to ascertain, that the
great manufacturing interests of this country
will not materially suffer by this action of the
committee. The coal interest^ which is an in-
dex to the success of our manufactures, I am
told, never was so flourishing as it has been
during the last year.
Mr. CAKE. What particular coal interest
does the gentleman refer to ?
Mr. ALLISON. I allude to the general
production of coal in this country. From the
commercial journals it appears that up to this
hour in this year mote coal has been sent to
market than ever went to market in a single
year before ; and the State of Pennsylvania
alone, which the gentleman represents in part,
so far as I have been able to examine their
commercial reports, will show the production
of a million tons of coal this year more than
was ever produced in that State before in one
year.
Mr. CAKE. I merely wish to state to the
gentleman that anthracite coal_to-day is selling
cheaper than it has sold within twelve years
past. It brings less in the market than it has
brought for twelve yeas past.
Mr. ALLISON. I am speaking of the con-
dition of the industry of the country, as evi-
denced in the demand for coal. Of course
cheap coal would favor industry. If coal was
cheaper it would favor other manufacturing
industries.
But there is another index that applies par-
ticularly to the iron interest of this country;
and that is that pig-iron, which is the basis of
all iron manufacturing industry, has never
been more prosperous than it has been for the
last year; and I am told by the editor of the
Iron Age, and I had a slip from that paper a
mouth or two ago, showing that most of the
furnaces in operation had orders for two or
three months in advance. Therefore, s>o far
as the iron industries of this country are con-
cerned, I think they will not suffer if we do '
not modify the tariff at the present session.
What is true of iron may be said of cotton.
I remember that in the year 1866, when we
had under consideration a general revision of
the tariff, the cotton manufacturers told us
they did not want any increase of duties, and
after the passage of the wool and woolen tariff
of last year, I do not suppose that the woolen
manufacturers desire an increase although that
industry has been somewhat depressed. I
think I may say, therefore, that no great man-
ufacturing industry of this country will suffer
from a failure at this session to revise the tariff.
It may be that there are specific manufactures
that will suffer, because we do not increase the
tariff, but if there are such, I have not them
now in my mind.
To leave this question. I had some other
thoughts upon the general question of taxa-
tion ; but I will add only one more, and it is
this: we are by our legislation seeking to
remove taxation from the necessities of life as
distinguished from luxuries; in other words,
the framework of this bill is based upon the
idea that our chief taxation should be gathered
from luxuries, and therefore I want to call
attention to the fact that there are many arti-
cles of necessity that are under our tariff law
heavily taxed. If you will examine the statis-
tical reports on the tariff question you will
find that during the year 1866 — I will take
that year as the basis because I have examined
it more carefully—out of S368,000,000 of im-
portations into this country, but $08,000,000
were articles of luxury and the remaining
$300,000,000 were articles of necessity, and
most of them were articles which are not man-
ufactured in this country.
I allude, among other articles, to tea, coffee,
and sugar. Sugar is produced to a small
extent in the southern States. But the great
articles of importation are not produced in this
country at all. The entire production of the
United Statesin 1^66 was $6.000,000,000, which
is & fair estimate of the entire production of
this country, but $68,000,000 of luxuries were
imported during the same year, or but about
one percent, of the whole production. There-
fore, I do not think we are likely to be over-
whelmed by the importation of foreign luxuries.
I desire now to say a few words with refer-
ence to the specific provisions of this bill. I
was not present in the committee when the
first section of the bill was agreed upon, aud
have not given it toy sanction. I observe,
however, that it is the chief subject of discus-
