1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
40m Com...2d Sess.
Admission of Southern States—Mr. fame.
Iio. OF KKPS.
The twelfth section of the bill of rights of
Pennsylvania is in the same words. So are the
tenth section of the bill of rights of Delaware,
the seventh of that of Maryland, and the seventh
of that of Virginia.
This provision of the South Carolina con-
stitution is copied literally from the bill of
rights of the State of Massachusetts into that
of Vermont, and is substantially embraced in
the constitutions of nearly all the States, gen-
erally in the form which it assumes in the con-
stitution of Kentucky, the State represented
in part by the gentleman who urges this objec-
tion. The next objection is that scction twenty-
five authorizes the General Assembly to sub-
ject any one to martial law, or to the pains
and penalties of martial law, whenever they
think proper. On the contrary, section twenty-
five provides that—
" jSo person shall,in any case,besubjeetto martial
law, or to any pains or penalties by virtue of tnat
law, exccptthosc emp'oyed in the Army or Navy of
the United States, and except the militia in actual
service, but Oy authority oi the General Assembly."
This provision is copied from the constitu-
tion of the State of ^Massachusetts. It is also
found in the thirty-fourth section of the bill of
rights of New Hampshire, and is repeated
substantially in many of the constitutions of
the States of this Union, and is moreover in
strict accordance with the provisions of the
Constitution of the United States, which does
not withhold from the State Legislatures the
right to suspend the writ of habeas corpus
when in case of rebellion or invasion the pub-
lie safety may require it. This bill of rights
neither authorizes nor attempts to authorize a
suspension of the writ in any other case.
The next objection is, that—
"Seelion twenty-eight clearly and distinctly em-
powers and authoiizea the Legislature to keep up
and maintain a standing army in time of peace."
Now, sir, section twenty-eight is iu these
words:
"Si:c. 23. The people have a right to keep and bear
arm.s tor the common deiense. As in tinier of peace
juhhc.-ate dangerous to liberty, they ought not to
bo maintained without the consent ot the General
Assembly. The niilitaiy power ought always to_ be
hold in imoxactsuboruination to the civil authority,
and be governed by it."
This is copied literally from the correspond-
ing provision iu the constitution of the State of
Massachusetts, which is repeated literally in
that of Vermont, and also substantially in that
of Kentucky, Pennsylvania, and other States.
The next objection is thus stated:
"Section two of article four provides that the
judges ol' the supreme court shall be elected for six
year?: and section thirteen of the same article or-
dains that ciieuit judges shall hold their oftice for a
toimol four years. This destroys* the independence
ot the judi«-iaiy, and makes them political partisan?,
with ail the temptations and corruptions of poli-
ticians." * * * * 44 Ilerctoioictbo judi-
ciary of this State, elected for life, have always been
above reproach, and their ermine has never been
sullied with a stain of suspicion. Ilencefoith the
judiciary of South Carolina will be corrupt and sub-
servient."
These wise men are evidently satisfied that
a life tenure is better for the judiciary than a
term of jears. They may be right in this, but
unfortunately for them the weight of authority
is against them. The contrary doc:rine is
geneially, if not universally, recognized by
our State constitutions, and South Carolina cer-
tainly ought to be the last State to assume to
1 each any thing on this or kindred subjects, either
by precept or example. I presume no gentle
man will consider this a serious objection to
the constitution. I doubt not almost every
member of the House will consider it a strong
recommendation.
The next objection is, that—
"Section twenty-two of article four of the consti-
tution gives justices of the peace jurisdiction # in
ease5! of bastardy and all contracts and toits as high
.la
The first branch of this objection is remark-
ably suggestive; but T will make no comment
upon it.
So fur as the provision of the constitution
goes v. Inch gives justices of the peace jurisdic-
tion of contracts and torts where the amount
claimed does not exceed $100, I believe this
constitution forms no exception to the general
principle which obtains throughout the United
States. It is, perhaps, not a universal rule, but
it is a general and almost universal rule that
justices of the peace should have such jurisdic-
tion up to a maximum amount iixed by the
constitution or law.
But these remonstrants are very careful not
to state that section twenty-four^ecures appeals
in all such cases.
The next objection is, that—
"Section twenty-six of the constitution denies to
the judges tbo right of charghig juries iu respect to
matters of fact."
This section is to be found on page 13 of the
constitution, and is in these words :
"Sec. 26. Judges shall notchargo juries in rospect
to mattcis of fa,ct, but may state the testimony and
declare the law."
These gentlemen and their friends on the
other side of the House who adopt their re-
monstrance desire the judges, I suppose, to
have the right to find and inform the jury what
facts are established by the testimony in all
cases ; but this constitution only gives them
the right to state the testimony and declare
the law applicable to it. Certainly South Caro-
lina would seem to be the only spot out of Ire-
land capable ofprodueing men who could preach
such a doctrine and clamor for jury trials all on
the same day.
The next objection is, that—
44 Section thirty-three takes from the Legislature
all discretion as to tho adoption of the proposed
amendment to the Federal Constitution disfranchis-
ing the people of South Carolina."
Now, sir, this is the only objection that I
can find that has any validity, if, indeed, this
has any validity, against the constitution of
South Carolina. If any objection to this sec-
tion is entertained in this House it is not be-
cause any gentlemen on this side of the House
are opposed to requiring the Legislature of
South Carolina to vote for the adoption of
the fourteenth article of the amendments to
the Federal Constitution, for wc ourselves by
our reconstruction laws require that. All
of us believe, as a matter of principle and
policy, they ought to be compelled to adopt
that amendment before admission, and all of
us, lo fur as this question is concerned, will
heartily rejoice that the constitution of South
Carolina embraces this provision if it siiall be
found in conformity with the Constitution of
the United States. Now, the Constitution of
the United States provides that these constitu-
tional amendments shall be submitted to the
Legislatures of the .several States as one of the
modes of their ratification. If this gives to the
Legislatures of the States chosen under the
Constitution the exclusive right to pass upon
these constitutional amendments, and to the
convention, which makes the organic law itself,
no such right, then the result is that this pro-
vision in the constitution of South Carolina is
null and void, and does not fetter the Legisla-
ture of the State of South Carolina. But, sir,
whether it is nugatory or valid, it would be no
excuse for any gentleman upon this side of the
House to reject that constitution; that it eon-
tains a provision, which if binding, is right
and beneficent, and which, if null and void, is
harmless.
The next objection is, that—
"Section thirty-foui declares null and void all con-
tracts tor the purchase of slaves, in violation of the
Constitution of the United States, which declares
that no Stare shall pass any law impairing the obli-
gation of contracts."
| I will make no comment upon an objection
j of that kind to the constitution of the State of
j South Carolina, or these other constitutions
i presented for our appioval or disapproval,
j The next objection is, that—
i "Scction two of article ei^ht enfranchises e\ery
1 male nc-rro over the age of t\vont\-one, whether a
j convict, felon, or a pauper, and disfranchise* every
' white man who has held oitice in South Carolina."
Now, sir, the language of that section is
this :
44 Sec. % Every male "citizen of tho United States, of
the age of twenty-one years and upward, not labor-
ing under the disabilities named in this constitution,
without distinction of race, color, or tanner condi-
tion, who shall be a resident of this State at the.time
of the adoption of thn constitution* pr -who shall
thereafter reside in this State one year, and iu the
county in which ho offers to vote..sixty days next
preceding any election, shall be entitled t<? vote for
all officers that are now or hereafter may be.electcd
by the people, and upon all questions submitted to
the electors at any elections."
I have no comment, to make on that objec-
tion to the constitution of South Carolina.
The next objection is, that—
"Section eight expressly prohibits the Legislature
passing any law depriving a convict oi larceny of the
right of suffrage."
I will read that section :
"Sbc. 8. The General Assembly shall never pass
any law that will deprive any of the citizens of this
State of the right of suffrage, except for treason,
murder, robbery, or dueling, whereof the persona
shall'haye been duly tried and convicted."
That is a most righteous and politic provis-
ion, made to prevent these patriotic remon-
strants from disfranchising or selling into
servitude for a peiiodof twenty years or more,
as they have already done in repeated instances,
men charged with petty offenses, because they
happened to be blaik.
Mr. UPSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
if that is the clause which specifies the offenses
which thegentleman from Kentucky [Mr. BeckJ
said " gentlemen'' were not likely to commit?
Mr. PAINE. I do not know what the gen-
tleman from Kentucky did say on the subject.
I did not happen to hear it.
I now read another and the next objection to
the constitution :
" Section sixteen provides that no debt contracted
by this State in behalf of the late rebellion, in whole
or in part, shall everbe paidv Why should the nou-
propcity holding negroes, Yankees, and southern
renegades in the convention prohibit the property
holders from paying these debts if they see propei to
do so, and preserve untarnished the honoi of their
State?"
I make no comment on that. It speaks for
itself.
The next objection is this: *
." Section threo of article ten establishes a uniform
system ot free public schools thioughout the State,
and provides for the division of the State into school
districts."
What a commentary on the character of the
wise men who utter it and of the State which
produces such wiwe men ! It certainly behoov es
the '"ancient chivalry" of South Carolina to
u remonstrate" vigorously against such calam-
ities.
The next objection is that—
" Section four makes it compulsory for oil children
between the age^ ol six and sixteen to attend school
for two years. The compulsory system may suit the
genius of a despotic Government like Pi usm.i, but is
at war with ttie spiiit of our free institutions.''
This, too, is strikingly characteristic of the
source from which it emanates, it reminds
us of the night of bondage from which tlu\-e
States have just emerged, and into which these
remonstrants seek again to foice them, and it
lifts the veil and reveals to us the future pros-
perity and advancement and glory of these
regenerated States.
The next objection is that—
"Section eight provides for the establishment of
State rel'ormschools for juvenile offender.
I make no comment on a piovision so com-
mon in constitutions of the united States and
so beneficent in its results.
The next objection is this :
" Section five of article eleven forces each county to
provide lor the support of the aged, infirm, and un-
iortunate."
This section is in these words;
"Sec. 5. Thercspective counties of this State shall
u make such provic-ion as maybe determined by law
|S for all those inhabitants who by reason ctageand
i! infirmities or misfortunes may have ael.tna upon
i j the sympathy and aid of society.
;t This power would exist without special grant
!' in a Stale Legislature, and is universally excr-
