1816
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
March* 11,
cines and physicians, to aid, so far as they
could, in this humane work. Their record is
before the country and their work will not be
forgotten. When the Commissioner entered
upon the performance of his duties he pro-
ceeded at once to designate the officers re-
quired by law and to organize his department.
Then the presses and politicians at the North
and South, not in harmony or sympathy with
the objects of the law, opened upon him and
his bureau, and from that time falsehood upon
falsehood has been uttered, Pelion upon Ossa,
imputing offenses to him and his agents, until
the ingenuity of opposition has been exhausted.
"The law was unconstitutional," although
the war which the slaveholders began had freed
these men, and the Republican party could
not very well permit rebels who had used them
as slaves to destroy them as freemen. It was
charged as being expensive, although every
dollar of expense substantially would have been
paid from rebels and rebel property if Mr.
Johnson bad not withdrawn from the charge
and care of the bureau the property which
should have been its support.
But this bu reau would " equalize the races!''
It was said on this floor that God made all
men of African descent to be inferior; and the
Democratic party, acting with the "Moses" of
this age, declares in effect that the Freedmen's
Bureau is working against God and the Demo-
cratic party. Sir, there is a monstrous crime
at the bottom of all this nonsense. Who made
these men slaves? Who have kept them de-
graded? Who have passed laws making it
criminal for them to learn to read the Lord's
Prayer, or to understand the golden rule?
But especially it is said these men are unfit
to vote. Well, sir, this bureau is doing all it
can to qualify them in all respects. But how
is it they are unfit? liebels are qualified be-
cause they are white. No matter how disloyal
or how ignorant or how vicious, they ought
to vote I But let our friends consider that if
these rebel States are to bo restored to their
relations to the Union—which all of us hope
will soon be done—either the loyal colored
men must with their votes help loyal white
men or the Slates will come back as hostile
to our Government as they went out. They
will be rebel States within the Union, and our
own best friends will be driven from their
homes. But if the colored men in those States
did not vole, and yet remained %vithin the
State, they would all be counted in the basis
of representation in Congress; so that one
white rebel in South Carolina would have the
political power of three or more laboring men
in a northern State. Let loyal laboring men
remember this.
General Howard organized the bureau by
selecting assistant commissioners and placing
them in charge of their respective districts.
Ropoi-ts have continually been made by them
and through the Commissioner to Congress of
all their doings. The great work of the bureau
was distributed under different divisions:
1. That of labor, including supplies for the
destitute, white and colored. Regulations for
labor were prescribed, including oversight of
contracts, «,nd care that freedinen should be
fairly paid, and not treated as slaves. This
involved the whole administration of "justice"
between employer and employed.
2. Thai of finance, including disbursements
and accounting for all moneys, however re-
ceived; including, also, the care of bounties to
colored soldiers, all moneys on account of
which have been paid over to the soldier with-
out charge.
3. That of lands and claims, including in-
vestigation of claims for pay and bounty, all
claims being examined and put in shape for
adjustment by the Second Auditor; including,
also, the case of abandoned lands, and of their
restoration to former owners by orders of the
President.
4. The quartermasters division, including
transportation of officers, agents, refugees, and
l'reedmen; including rental, repairs, and con-
struction of buildings for hospitals and schools;
including the school division, arranging for
records of all schools, for regular reports, for
needful regulations, and protection of white
and colored children.
5. That of medicine, including all supplies,
and the care of the sick, and of those whom
slavery had crippled.
In the departments of labor, of justice, and
of education the great and permanent value
of this bureau will be found. But at this mo-
ment, if the protecting care of the General Gov-
ernment, feared by those whose hearts are
rebel as their hands were hostile during the
war, should be removed, there is no doubt at
all that schools would be abolished and a war
upon the freedmen be begun. There are now
two hundred and thirty-eight thousand three
hundred and forty-two scholars receiving in-
struction in these schools. The teachers are
chietly supplied and paid by northern and
western benevolent associations. The school-
houses are mainly built from private funds of
freedmen and contributions from loyal men.
School-houses are in some places rented and
everywhere protected by the Government,-and
it is this protection which is needed, and with-
out which they cannot be continued.
Mr. Speaker, early in December last the
House of Representatives directed the Com-
mittee on Freedmen's Affairs to ascertain what
reasons existed, if any, showing the necessity of
continuing this bureau. They have endeavored
to discharge the duty placed on them. Letters
were addressed to parties most competent to
know the facts, and nearly two hundred replies
have been received. Of course, in the hour
assigned me, I cannot state in detail the facts and
opinions furnished the committee. I have been
instructed to submit a report to the House, and
shall embody in it much that will demonstrate
the duty of continuing in some measure to
these oppressed men the protecting care of our
Government. Three or four of the letters
received I now offer to the House :
Bureau Refugees, Fkeedmen, and Aban'd Lands,
Office SdBivisiox, Sub-District of Savannah,
Barton, J effeeson County, Georgia
No. 11, C. K. K.  January 31,1868.
Dear Sir: From my experience as agent of the Bu-
reau of llclugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Landsin
tins State, 1 am convinced that the suspension of the
bureau would be a worse disaster than has ever yet
befallen the freedmen. While there are a few plant-
ers who are disposed to deal fairly with the freed-
raan—giving him his just rights and dues—there are
vast numbers who would (were it not for the protec-
tion afford by this bureau) crush them below their
former condition as slaves. But little can be done for
them in the civil courts. Upon slight pretexts the
freedman is shot down like a dog. In my division,
sub-district ofSavannah, three murders havorecently
occurred; and were it not for the troops under my
control many more murders would doubtless be com-
mitted. The freedmen beg mo to appeal to you in
their behalf; and, if possible, extend the limit of the
duration of the bureau. I endeavor to look at this
subject calmly and dispassionately, and 1 am thor-
oughly convinced that the welfaro of the freedmen,
the peace of the country, the dearest rights of human-
ity, all can and will be promoted by its continuance
and sufler if it be not continued. The bureau is doing
a great, work; it is establishing schools, promoting
the interests of a despised and down-trodden race.
All the nobler emotions of the heart, Christianity,
charity, justice, demand that this, tne only safe-guard,
be left yet alittle while longer, until a long oppressed
and ignorant peoplecan have time to gather strength
and knowledge to assert their manhood and pursue
their avocations honestly, proudly, and successfully
as free men amid the shocks of persecution, the
stoims of prejudice, and the lire of rebel hatred and
revenge. In behalf of the millions who aro struggling
to be men I appeal to your honorable and patriotic
body, and respectfully, yet most earnestly, recom-
mend that the bureau be continued.
In haste, verv respectfully, <Src.,
WM. 0. MOFFITT, Agent Bureau.
T' J}* Eliot, Chairman. Freedmen's Affairs,
Washington, 1). 0.
OrriCE Aotcnt Bureau,
Columbus, Georgia, February 1,18G8.
Sir : In my opinion, if there has ever been a time
when the bureau was an advantage to the freedmen,
it is now, and prospectively in the future. The bu-
reau ought to remain here twelve months after our
State is reconstructed, for the purpose of assisting
the colored people* in settling their accounts with
their employers and giving them counsel. I feci that
the chanccs of the fieedmen to collect their dues in
the civil courts is exceedingly small. They are not
included in the idea of people or citixens by the
white population generally. Nearly all of the blacks
are poor, and it is a relief to them to. hare s&me eno
in whom they put confidence to go to for counsel.
I took charge of this office in April last, and think
I am within the bounds of truth when I state that
this office has collected $10,000 for freedmen in sums
of from fifty cents to $1,000 since that dale, Seven
hundred dollars were collected from one iaai* sine©
January 1, and probably as much more is due the
hands employed during 1867. I now hold nearly on©
hundred bags of cotton in the warehouses of this
city, which I havo seized for the payment of the
hands that produced it. There are many and other
facts connected with the Freedmen's Bureau in this
section of our country that lead me to gay that X
know of no reasons why the bureau should not be
continued throughout this section of Georgia and
Alabama; but, in my judgment, there are many and
cogent ones why the time for its continuaneo should
be extended beyond tho timelhfcitedbylaw. We ar©
an unreconstructed people, and that of itself is
enough.
Vcry respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. W. CHAPMAN, Agent,
Hon. T. D.Eliot.
Office S^b-Assistant Commissioner.
Burbav R. r F., ani> A. L.,
Marshall, Texas, January 1 % 186&-
Sir; I havo tho honor to submit for the considera-
tion of your committee the following report, eallcd
for by your circular, dated House of Representatives,
Washington, I). C., December 9,1867.
1 have been on duty as sub-assistant commissioner
at this place for tho past eight months,andhave had
sufficient experience to satisfy any unprejudiced
mind of the absolute necessity for the continuance
of the Freedmen's Bureau until such time as the
southern people shall acknowledge that the freed
people are entitled to the rights and privileges due
to accountable beings.
The groat mass of southern whites havo an unre-
lenting hatred of the freedmen,_ which is made man-
ifest in all their transactions with them. Whenever
a freedman attempts to elevate himself above his*
fellows by thrift or education he is at once denounced
as a saucy, turbulent nigger, and fortunate is he, in'
deed, does he escape outrage.
It is not uncommon for twenty robberies, outrages,
andillegal seizures of freed people's crops arid chat-
tels to be reported at this office in one day. Wbea
this state of affairs exists with the strong arm of the
bureau as a protection for the freed people, what
may we expect should it be discontinued?
{Since tho first day of December last crime against
freed people has increased ten fold, owing to> the-
whites interpreting late orders as curtailing the au-
thority of sub-assistant commissioners. I might send
you a catalogue of robberies, outrages, and murders
of such revolting and brutal character as to make
humanity shudder, but I forbear to mention them, as
they might appear incredible to Christian gentlensen.
The perpetrators ©f these erimes are known to ther
civil authorities, yet no steps are taken to bring the
guilty parties to tho just punishment they deserve.
My statement of affairs in this locality may appear
alittlo overdrawn, but such is not tho fact. A am
prepared to testify upon oath to the truthfulness of
this report.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
A. G. MALLOY,
Firef Lieut. 35th £7. S. Infantry. tiub-A&s't C&m,
Hon.T. D. Eliot, M. C.
Little Bock, Auk AX S AS t Jarsu&ry 21,1888.
Dear Sir: Your communication transmitting a
resolution of the House of Representatives calling
for facts tending to show the necessity for continuing
tho Freedmen's Bureau, or otherwise, is received,
and I submit the following;
1. The bureau is the only agency here through
which tho freedmen havo been supplied with educa-
tional advantages; and should that agency be with-
drawn it is confidently believed that the number of
schools now maintained by the educational aid soci-
eties of the North would be diminished fifty per
cent, within the next ninety days. As a rule we have
good schools only wfthin the jurisdiction of good
bureau agents. By good agents I mean men who are
both above tear and above bribes.and who,4doal
justly and love mercy." They are generally ex-vol-
unteer officers or citizens from the North. In coun-
ties where there are no agents there are no schools,
io this rule there are but very few exceptions.
2. Ihe bureau or a similar agency is needed to
look after the homestead interests of the freedmen.
Ihe spirit that prevailed in the days of slavery is
stui rife. IS extto seeing tho negro in chains.it would
prefer to see him houseless and homeless contin-
ually, that it may tho more ohcaply buy the scrvice
it can no longer compel. The colored people, made
dependent and gregarious by long years of slavery,
are blow to perceive and accept the advantages offered
them through free homesteads on Government lands,
and not only need to have the importance of possess-
ing free homes -kept continually before them, but
they need, also, the services of an agent who will
maniicst a kindly interest in their welfare, and tell
them precisely where and how to secure these homes
and build their cabins. Industry and independence
would thus he stimulated and intelligence dissemi-
nated through the medium of public schools, while
the additional wealth thus created would ultimately
much more than compensate the Government for its
paternal earej but
. o. It is a fact, the evidence of which may be found
jn the records of nearly every bureau officer in the
feouth^ that the^ freed people do not secure their
rights in the ordinary courts of justice." so called,"
-Lnroufch the bureau agents frauds upon the colored
