316
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 1,
Ho. of Rep,?.
Internal Tax—Mr. Schenck.
40th Coxg. ... 2d Sess.
cised. The same provision is made in section
three, article ten, of the constitution of 1 udiana,
and I doubt not in the constitutions of many
other States.
The next objection is this :
"Heretofore South Carolina has pursued a wise
policy in refusing all divorces. The marriage con-
tract is not like that of any other, which the parties
may rescind at pleasure, without injury to society.
There is a third party—innocent and helpless child*
ren—who are deeply interested in all divorces.
Moreover, it tends to demoralize every community
where it is allowed or tolerated. Butsection tour gives
the courts power to grantdivorces. Thisaection was
intended, perhaps, for the especial benefit of the
negroes. It ought also to have legalized polygamy,
which has likewise great favor with this class ot
people."
It seems to be tho judgment of the large
majority of the American people that courts
should be permitted in certain cases to grant
divorce. Accordingly in almost all of the
States coorts are clothed with this power. Of
course the wise men of South Carolina think
differently and know better. There is nothing
novel in this. But that they should express
the opinion that polygamy ought to be legal-
ized is certainly surprising When we consider
how little concern they have felt heretofore
about the legality of such practices.
The next objection is stated in the following
words:
"The settlement ofa wife's property, provided for in
section eight, might have been left to thediscretion
and wisdom of the Legislature. Itis an experiment,
and, if found mischievousor unwise, the Legislature
ought to have the power of changing or altering the
law. But this ordinary act of legislation has been
incorporated in the constitution as a iuudamcntal
law, not to be repealed."
I will read the section referred to:
"Sec. 8, The real and personal property of a woman,
hold at the time of her marriage, or that which she
may thereafter acquire, either by gift, grant, inherit-
ance, devise, or otherwise, shall not be subject tolcvy
and sale for her husband's debts; but shall be held
as her separate property, and may bebequeathed, de-
viled, or alienated by her the same as if she were
nnnvirried: Provided, That no gift or graptfrora the
lu ^>.iu<l fo tile wife shall be denimental to the just
claim* ot his creditors."
I now read the corresponding provision in
article fourteen, section five, of the constitu-
tion of Oregon :
"The property and pecuniary rights of every mar-
ried woman at the time of matriage, or nirerward
acquired by gift, devise, or inheiilance, shall not be
subject to the debts or contract* of the husband, and
laws shall be passed providing for the registration of
the wife's separate property."
The fourteenth section of the eleventh arti-
cle of the constitution of California and the
nineteenth section of the seventh article of the
old constitution of Texas are both in the fol-
lowing words:
"All property, both real and personal, of the wife
owned or claimed by her before marriage, and that ac-
quired afterward by gift, devise, or descent, shall be
her separateproperty; andlawssha.il be parsed more
clearly defining the rights of the wife in relation as
well to her separate property as tliatheld in common
with her husband. Laws shall he passed providing
for the registration of the wife's separate property."
The next objection requires no comment.
It is that a certain ordinance invalidates the
rebel State debts.
The next objection also answers itself. Itis
in these words:
^ Tho ordinance to create a hoard of land commis-
sioners authorizes the purchascof landsfor the pur-
pose ot selling them out in small tracts to purchasers
on credit.
The next objection is that—
"The principle which pervades that entire instru-
tnent is that all taxation, except for a single purpose,
shall be imposed upon real estate and upon the
income irom the sale of merchandise."
To show the real character of this objection
I will read all the provisions bearing on this
point:
"Article IX.—Finance and Taxation.
kc. 1. The General Assembly shall provide by
law for a uniform and equal rate of assessment and
taxation, :uid_ shall prescribe such regulations as
shall secure a just valuation for taxation of all prop-
erty, real, personal, and possessory, except mines
and mining claims, tho proceeds oi which aloncshall
be taxed; and also excepting such property as may
be exempted by law for municipal, educational, liter-
ary, scientific, religious, or charitable purposes.
" Sec, The General Assembly may provide an-
nually for a poll-tax, not to exceed one dollar on
each poll, which shall be applied exclusively to the
public school lund. And no additional poll-tax shall
be levied by any municipal corporation.
" Sec, 4. No tax shall be levied except in pursu-
ance of a law, which shall distinctly state tho object
of the same; to which objectsuch tax shall be applied.
c.5. it shall be theduty of thcGeneral Assem-
bly to enact laws lor the exemption from taxation of
allpubhcschools^colluges^ and institutions of learn-
ing, all charitable institutions in the nature of asylums
for the infirm, deaf and dumb, blind, idiotic, and in-
digent persons, all public libraries, churches, and
burying grounds; but property of associations and
societies, although connected with charitable obj ects,
shall not bo exempt lioni State, county, or municipal
taxation: Provided, That this exemption shall not
extend beyond the buildings and premises actually
occupied by such &ehools, colleges, institutions ot
learning, asylums, libraries, churches, and burying
grounds, although connected with charitable objects.
" Sec. 0. The General Assembly shall provide for
the valuation and a&ses&ment of all lands and tho
improvements thereon, prior to the assembling of
the Genera! Assembly of 1S70, and thereafter on
every fifth year.
" JSko. The corporate authorities of counties,
townships,school districts, cities, towns,and villages
may be vested with power to assess and collect taxes
tor corporate purposes; such taxes to be uniform
in respect to persons and property within the juris-
diction of tho body imposing tho same. And the
General Assembly shall requhe that all the property,
except as heretofore exempted within the limits of
municipal corporations, shall be taxed for tho pay-
ment ot debts contracted under authority of law."
The next objection is set forth in the follow-
ing graphic and characteristic language :
"Mre have thus suggested to your honorable body
some of the prominent objections to your adoption
of this constitution. Wo waive all argument upon
the subject of its validity, it is a constitution de
facto, and that is the ground upon which wo approach
youi honorable body m thospintof earnest lemon-
strance. Thatconstitution was theworkof northern
adventurers, southern renegades, and ignorant ne-
groes. iSot one per cent, ol the whitepopulationof
the State approves it, anu not two perecnt. ol the
negroes who voted lor its adoption know anymore
than a dog, horse, or cat what his act of voting im-
plied. That constitution enfranchises every male
negro over the «ge of twenty-one, and disfrnnchi.^es
many ol the purest and best white men ot t lie State."
This raises the great question of the enfran-
chisement of the loyal colored men of the
South, which question the American people
have, thank God, resolved not to submit to
the decision of southern rebels, i will only
detain you to hear the modest plan for the
solution of this question presented by these
remonstrants, i read frotn their mauileslo :
"Resolved, That under tho action of tho Stato of
South Carolina, heretofore taken, we recognize the
colored population of the State as an integral ele-
ment of the body-politic; and, as such, in person and
property, entitled to a full and equal protection un-
der the State Cuiistitution ami laws. And that, as
citizens of South Oaiohna, we declare our willing-
ness, when wo have the power, to grant thera, under
piopei qualifications as to piopcrty and intelligence,
the right ot fuffrage."'
1 have now examined seriatim, in the pres-
ence of the House, all the points of this re-
monstrance, and, it' 1 were given at all to
theatrical attitudes, I should be ready, in com-
pliance with the request of the gentleman from
Kentucky, to lay my hand upon my heart and
declare that this constitution, which no one
proposes to force upon the people of South
Carolina, as. he asserts, bur, which has been
framed by them and adopted by a majority of
forty-three thousand votes, is as near faultless
as any Stato constitution now in force in the
United States. Is it possible, sir, that the
gentleman from Kentucky can lay his hand on
his own heart and declare that in all this tbin
balderdash of Wade Hampton & Co. he can
fmdany deeentpretextfordenyingto these peo-
ple the constitutions of their choice, which
they themselves have by such overwhelming
majorities adopted ?
Now, Mr. Speaker, these objections really
comprise the substance of all the objections
that have been urged on this floor against these
constitutions. I believe that no member of
this House will find here any excuse for reject-
ing the constitutions presented to this House
t to-day, and under which these States ask for
admission to representation in this and the
other branch of Congress.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman yield 1
Mr. PAINE. I have already transgressed
the limits of the time that was allotted to me,
and have been expecting to hear the hammer
fall. I yield now to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham.]
Internal Tax,
SPEECH OF HON. E. C. SCHENCK,
of ohio,
Ix the House of Representatives,
Jane 1, 1868.
The House being in Committee of theJVbole on
the sfato of the Union on the bill (II. E. No. 1060) to
reduce into oneaetand to amend thelaws relating to
internal taxes—
Mr. SCI-IBNCK said:
Mr. Chairman: A great deal that I may
have to say on this project of a law which wo
have now placed before the House and the
country, I shall reserve for the debate that will
necessarily arise on the various amendments
that may be offered and points made in the
progress of its consideration and discussion.
The bill is long—the longest, perhaps, ever
submitted to Congress; but gentlemen must
not be alarmed on that account. It need not
occupy our time in disposing of it at ail in
proportion to that length. The long and patient,
labor of the Committee of Ways and Means will
be found to have abridged in considerable
degree, I think, the labor of this committee.
Gentlemen will please to observe the title of
this bill. It tells truly and succinctly the
character and extent of our work. It is "a
bill to reduce into one act and to amend tho
laws relating to internal taxes."
When the Commitee of Ways and Means at
this session entered first on the task of con-
sidering what legislation might be rerpir-d
in relation to internal taxes, it was with the
expectation—an expectation shared in prob-
ably by most members around me—that their
attention and tlieir labor might be confined to
changes of some parts of the law to meet gen-
erally the altered condition of things in the
country, and particularly to satisfy the reason-
able desire of tho •people for relief to be ex-
tended to some of the industrial interests which
had been heavily burdened under the necessi-
ties of a state of war, but from which a portion
at least of those burdens might now be lifted.
Added to this was the conviction of an evident
need for more ingenious devices, and more
vigorous provisions, to prevent or punish the
sadly, dreadfully increasing growth and bold-
ness of fraud in tho practices of tax-payers and
of officials—pi-actices which were threatening,
if unchecked, to rob the Government of a large
proportion of the revenue legitimately accruing
and needed for its uses. It was soon appar-
ent, however, that our work, to be thorough,
could not stop with such partial accomplish-
ment.
The present laws relating to internal reve-
nue are embraced in twenty-five different acts,
spreading through the statute-book from Au-
gust, 1861, to the present session. These acts,
in succession, enlarge, restrict, modify, repeal,
and not unfrequently repeat or contradict,
much of what goes before, so that, the whole
mass of them, if not chaotic, are at least, in
many respects, anything but clear and easy lo
be understood by the people who are to obey
or by the officers who are to enforce them.
The ubscurities are only in a degree removed
by interpretations and regulations. I beg to
be understood, in speaking thus, as not mean-
ing to imply any disparagement of the work of
any former committee or former Congress.
Internal taxation was an experiment—a neces-
! sity on which we were driven ; and it was not
! to be expected that a new system shenld be
