1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
433
of the gentleman from Illinois {Mr. marshall]
were engaged during the war, and who intend
to vote the Democratic ticket in the next cam-
paign? A list of the names of the men who
committed the frauds of which the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] speaks during
that first year of Mr. Lincoln's administra-
tion and their present party affiliations would
be an interesting study for the gentleman^ and
forever seal his lips upon that subject. Espe-
cially would it preclude any farther accusa-
tions against the Union Republican party for
their conduct.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to bring this
matter to a close, and, after replying to what
gentlemen have said who seem to misappre-
end the matter before the House, will try to
do so.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
will give the gentleman from Missouri ten min-
utes after the previous question has been sec-
ended.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to give the
gentleman from Missouri a few minutes in
order to complete his remarks. I do not expect
to occupy more than an hour, and perhaps not
more than half an hoar. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded an4 the
main question ordered.
national bask deposits.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, in
compliance with a resolution of the House, a
report from the Treasurer of the United States
relative to the amount deposited in the national
banks on the first day of each month from
January 30, 1866, to October 31, 1867 ; which
were referred to the Committee on Banking
and Currency, and ordered to be printed. ^
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill of the following
title, when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 3G9) to prevent frauds in
the collection of the tax on distilled spirits.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled a
bill of the following title, when the Speaker
signed the same :
An act (S. No. 89) for the relief of Orlaf E.
Breutzer, late consul of the United States to
the kingdom of Norway.
Mr. 1NGER30LL moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions. h
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. COVODE i The petition for the re-
lief of Captain A. G. Oliver, late of the twelfth
regiment Pennsylvania Reserve corps, of West
Newton, Pennsylvania, for relief.
By Mr. CULLOM: The petition of Mahala
M. Straight, for an invalid pension.
By Mr. EGGLESTON : The petition of M.
Wakeman, praying that our citizens may be
reimbursed by our Government for losses sus-
tained during the late rebellion by the acts of
the British Government or her citizens.
By Mr. FERRISS: The petition of inhabit-
ants of the county of Warren, New York, pray-
ing investigation into the conduct of Govern-
ment officers having anything to do or any
connection with the Indians.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of Pay-
master and Brevet Brigadier General J. H.
Eaton for an increase of compensation while
acting as Assistant Paymaster General.
By Mr. McCARTHY: The petition of 400
citizens of Syracuse, New York, for Congress
40th Coxg. 2d Seks.—No. 28.
to define the rights of naturalized citizens
with other Governments and to protect them
therein. *
By Mr. MOORHEAD: The petition of Lock-
hart & Trew, H. M. Long & Co., and others,
refiners and dealers in oil in the city of Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, asking that the law be so
changed as to require the quantity to be ascer- [
tained by weighing instead of gauging.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of Joseph <
H. Sylvester, for reimbursement of commuta-
tion paid in 1863. ,
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of citizens of ;
Clinton and Jackson counties, Iowa, asking
for the establishment of a mail route between
Lyons, in Clinton county, and Moquoketa, in
Jackson county.
Also, the petition of Juliet E. Hall, widow
of Colonel William Hall, late of the eleventh
regiment Iowa volunteer infantry, asking for
a pension.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of Walter
S. Cox, Esq., for compensation for examining
title to lands for the proposed Capitol exten-
sion.
Also, the petition of Lydia Cruger, exec-
utrix of Moses Shepperd, deceased, asking
the payment of a judgment in her favor by the
Court of Claims.
IN SENATE.
Feiday, January 10, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved,
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the memorial of Jonathan Soobey, of New Jer-
sey, who states that he was a soldier in the
war of 1812, that he is old and poor, and has
suffered all the time from injuries that he re-
ceived in the service Of the country at that time,
and praying for relief; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
Rosa Lenker, guardian of Edward Hamel, jr.,
minor child of Edward Hamel, sr., late a pri-
vate in company C eighth Kansas volunteers,
praying a pension for the relief of Edward
Hamel, jr.; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of tie settlers
on the "Cherokee neutral lands," praying the
passage of an act for their relief by which the
United States Government may become the
purchaser of those lands, and entitling actual
settlers only to purchase them from the Gov-
ernment at $1 25 per acre, or to be sold to
them at their appraised value; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the resolutions and
doings of a public meeting of the citizens of
Worcester, Massachusetts, in which they call
upon Congress to take measures to protect
naturalized citizens in their rights, and also to
intercede with Great Britain for the release of
certain citizens who, it is said, have been
wrongfully convicted. In other days, Mr. Pres-
ident, it was not the habit to present resolu-
tions of this character, but I observe that they
have been presented, and these conclude with
a resolution asking that a copy should be sent
to the Representatives and Senators in Con-
gress. I therefore present the resolutions and
ask their reference to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
They were bo referred.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of
George Bartley, of Rockbridge county, Vir-
ginia, praying compensation for property seized
by United States troops; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of John Birkett,
praying compensation for losses sustained in
the destruction of his property at Beverly,
West Virginia, by United States troops, on the
24th of April, 1863; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
members of the fourth Michigan cavalry vol-
unteers, praying to be allowed their respective
shares in the reward offered for the capture
of Jefferson Davis; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a memorial,
very numerously signed by citizens of the State
of New York, reciting the interest they feel in
the general welfare and prosperity of the com-
mercial interests of the country, and especially
in maintaining and advancing the great inter-
ests of our commercial, marine, and shipping
business, and proposing to encourage the immi-
gration into the country of the working classes
of Europe, and praying the passage of the bill
entitled ' 'An act to provide for an American
line of mail steamers, to run between New
York and one or more European ports," or of
some other bill equivalent in its provision. I
move the reference of this memorial to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a petition of
George Lynch, a soldier of the war of 1812,
and of the Indian campaign of 1819, praying
for an increase of pension ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
citizens of Illinois, praying for the establish-
ment of two annual terms of the Circuit and
district courts of the United States at Quincy,
or the creation of a new judicial district in that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a petition of citi-
zens of Oregon, praying the establishment of
a post route between Portland and Dayton, iu
that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WILSON presented apetition of Thomas
Stewart, a freedman and late a servant in the
employ of Lieutenant Henry M. Davis, ninth
New York cavalry, praying the pension of a
private soldier for the loss of both legs while
a prisoner in the hands of the rebels ; which
was referred to the CofGmittee on Pensions.
Mr. STEWART presented a letter from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office,
transmitting several communications pertain-
ing to the distribution of copies of the report
of that office in Europe, and the printing of
the same; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. NORTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of George
E. Payne on the files of the Senate be referred to tha
Committee on Claims.
j On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of M&ine, it
I was
I Ordered, That the petition and papers of Mrs. Har-
riet W. Pond ba withdrawn from the files of the Sea-
gate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
personal explanation,
i
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate for a personal explanation. I notice in
the New York Evening Post of the 7th instant
and the Philadelphia Evening Bulletin of the
same date what purports to be an abstract or
synopsis of the report of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs respecting the suspension of Secre-
tary Stanton. The report Of the President on
that subject, as the Senate will recollect, was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and since that time it has been in the posses-
sion of that committee and under their con-
sideration. While under their consideration
it became my duty to have a certain connec-
tion with it not now necessary to speak of
further. While the matter was in my hands it
seems that it transpired that that committee
had committed the subject to me for investi-
gation, and the newspapers in various parts of
the country announced such to be the fact. I
was waited upon last Thursdayby two persons,
one bearing the name of De B. Randolph
Keim, who holds himself out as correspondent
or reporter of the New York Herald, and an-
other person of the name of W. Scott Smith,
announcing himself as the " manager of tho
