1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
317
4(Jtii Cosg....2d Sess.
Internal Tax—Mr. Schenck.
Ho. .of Reps.
T?uilt up and adapted to tbe business and habits
of our country and people hastily and under
the'pressure of circumstances without its being
in manj' respects imperfect in form, if not crude
in substance. So we found it.
I do not for a moment pretend to claim
perfection for the bill before you, and by which
we have soughtto remedy some of these defects
and evils in the existing law. But we have
done the best we could, with these views of
what it was our duty to attempt. The com-
pilation and condensation of the internal
revenue laws, prepared at the ofiice of the
Commissioner of Internal Ilevenue, a copy of
which I hold here in my hand, contains one
hundred and forty-one pages of closely printed
matter. The pamphlet edition of the bill we
present shows one hundred and twenty-four
pages, but, allowing for the difference in the
width of the print, the contents are perhaps
about the same. This is owing to the fact
that while we have codified, and very much
compressed and abridged what is now in the
law, we have also added a great number of new
provisions that seemed necessary for effect-
ive legislation. I do not wish to be thought
to magnify the labor of the committee, but
some idea of the nature of our work may also
be obtained by the inspection of this curiously
mottled copy of the bill which I now exhibit
to you. I will explain what it is. Mr. Bassett,
the very intelligent and faithful clerk of the
Committee of Ways and Means, has ingeni-
ously prepared for my convenience a copy
which shows overall its pages aud on the mar-
gin by distinctive red and blue pencil marks
what sections or portions of each section are
new matter, and what parts are reenactments
of the existing provisions of law. Gentlemen
will observe what a perfect piece of mosaic
work he has made of it. For instance, one
section on which I now cast my eye I see by
the markings and marginal references is made
up by selecting here a sentence and there part
of a sentence, and there -a separate clause,
collected from as many as six different places
scattered through the present statutes, all on
the same subject, and intimately related, but
now for the first time brought together in their
proper connection.
Having said this much in regard to the gen-
eral scope of our labor and the spirit in which
we have conducted it, I will proceed now, Mr.
Chairman, to make some brief explanations
and analysis of the bill we are considering, so
as to give gentlemen someidea of its structure,
:md the most material points in which it differs
from the present law. The key-note of one
great change which we propose, and which per-
vades and distinguishes our bill throughout, is
to be found in the first and immediately suc-
ceeding sections. We propose, it will beseea,
to make of the office of the Commissioner of
Internal lievenue an independent department.
By this I do not mean a department with an
officer at its head who is to be expected, under
the usage of the Government., to bo invited to
the Cabinet councils of the President: but
one rather like the Department of Agricultuie
with a chief, styled, not a secretary, but a
commissioner. The provisions which follow
immediately after this will make our puipose
obvious. We desire to give this independent
character to the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue in order not only to mark and secure his
own responsibility and accountability for the
conduct and management of all affairs in the
department, but to enable him, under the Con-
stitution, as "head of a Department." to
appoint all his subordinates, for whom and
whose conduct also we intend he shall be in
the fullest degree responsible.
No one could have studied or observed, even
in the most' casual way, the working of our
imeinnl revenue system without navmg been
forced to the conclusion that the greatest pres-
ent evil under whi"li we labor, mid that which
contributes most to defeat the collection of our
taxes, is the dishonest character of the officials
employed, and when remedies for these are
sought the impossibility of finding anybody
responsible for the appointment of such agents
or for their conduct. In short, there is no
head to the establishment; or perhaps it would
be more nearly true to say that, worse than
that, it is a triple-headed monster. We have
the President, Secretary of the Treasury, and
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to look
to—all and each—and yet in feet neither of
t.hetn acknowledging full responsibility.
What is the consequence? Tax-payers com-
mit frauds, officers connive at them, often they
even give active assistance in the stealing that
is going on ; complaints are made; the Com-
missioner replies that he has no power over
these officers to remove the thieves and appoint
honest men, because the selections are made
through the Secretary of the Treasury and by
the President. The Secretary, if appealed to,
explains that he can do nothing but advise the
President, and shelters himself in that way.
The President interposes both the Secretary
and the Commissioner between himself and the
people ; and the simple result of it all is, that,
with the whole country looking on, the steal-
ing is not stopped, but proceeds, growing worse
and worse, and the scoundrels bolder and
bolder from day today, until the whole aggre-
gate evil is appalling, and it has become a ques-
tion who rules this country—whether its proper
constituted authorities or gangs of tobacco
thieves and a '• whisky ring?"
That I do not speak too strongly, in explan-
ation of this first section of the bill upon which :
I am commenting, I will undertake to show
by a brief reference to some facts which may
be considered more fully hereafter when we
come to debate the particular sections of the
bill involving tlio questions under considei'a- j
tion. the independence of the department. j
The New York Evening Post charges that .
the Committee of Ways aud Means, and their
chairman, by introducing a bill of the charac-
ter of that now before you. embracing as one
of its distinguishing characteristics the feature
to which I am now referring, are assuming to
be king-makers. It says that to give such
power to a commission or to any officer of this
Government, as is provided for by the various ;
sections of this bill, is virtually to confer power ;
equal to royalty. And the writer in that paper ]
illustrates this by reference to one of the see- j
tions, section ten, a section which gives to the J
Commissioner power to change and alter the |
existing collection districts as may seem to be i
expedient, or may become necessary m the i
execution of the law. |
Sir, that was an unfortunate illustration, for ;
it so happens that that section ten is one of j
the sections copied from the existing law, with j
the single exception of changing the head of j
the department. It is proposed by this section |
to confer upon the Commissioner of Internal
lleveuue a power before vested in the Secretary j
of the Treasury and the President. If it :
be admitted that there must be an individual
responsible, a certain head of the department,
then you admit the necessity of that among
other provisions of the law, aud in looking
around for some exemplification of the kingly
power to be exercised by this head of the
department, it. was unfortunate that the writer
of the article should have stumbled upon that
which is virtually now in the law.
Mr. Chairman, I admit that this bill will
confer very large powers upon the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, and powers which
ought not to be delegated to him or to any
officer of the Government, unless made neces-
sary for the due and secure enforcement of the
law. The question is not upon the delegation
of authority. Everybody wiil admit that a head
of the department must have tins power, 'file
true question is, whether this one person cloth 2,
with these extraordinary powers, but restrained
by a proper accountability or responsibility, will
not secure for us, from the general fund of col-
lected taxes, a larger amount for the use of the
Government than the present system yields.
The writer- in the Jiew York Evening Post
seems to have iio fear (and perhaps such, is
the .prevailing sentiment is these days) of the
President being made a king. Rut I say that
whether it be President, Secretary, or Com-
missioner, there ought to be no fear in placing
the power somewhere and with some officer,
who can be distinctly known and who can be
distinctly held by the people to the perform-
ance of his trusts.
If this House and the Congress should not
agree with us in doing what we have thought
to be most expedient—-to create this depart-
ment and put at the head of it an officer, say-
ing to him, " There are the powers; here is the
revenue to be collected ; the whole account-
ability is thrown upon you ; collect these taxes,
or neglect to do it at your peril "—if Con-
gress, I say, should not agree to that, then I
will at least ask that, refusing to confer this
power upon the Commissioner with such in-
structions, they shall confer it upon the Secre-
tary of the Treasury without the intervention
of the commissioner, or upon the President
without the intervention of the Commissioner
or Secretary; upon somebody, somewhere, so
that we may know who to hold to account for
that which is done, and for that which is omit-
ted to be done. I am pleading a cause of vital
interest to the country, tbe raising of revenues
honestly, fairly, and without fraud and rob-
bery, to the aniouut of our necessities.
1 say there is in fact no head now. How do
I prove this? Take a report which came in
the shape of a letter from the Secretary of
the Treasury to the Senate on the 14th of Feb-
ruary last in answer to a resolution calling for
information. If any gentleman will take pains
to look at that document he will find that it
embodies, among other things, this statement
by the Secretary:
"The recommendations of tlie Commissioner in
regard to some fourteen officers are still under advise-
ment, and proper means are being used to ascertain
whether or not the imeumbents ought, to be removed,
and whether removals, if considered advisable, aro
likely to be effeotcd by the confirmation by tlxeSenate
ot mioU nominations as may be made by the Presi-
dent.
" It mustbe obvious to the Senate that the failure
of an effort to effect the removal of an inefficient
and dishonest officer would prejudice l-ather tha.n
benefit the service, and that, therefore, it is not only
necessary that tho character of officers should be
subjected to proper scrutiny, but that the practica-
bility of ehauges should receive careful considera-
tion."
And there comes in another element of
necessity to be calculated when we are pro-
posing to make this Commissioner not only
the single head of the department, but to
confer upon him the power of removal and
appointment. You have now not only a triple
head to the department, responsibility being
divided between the President, the Secretary,
and the Commissioner, but a fourth body comes
in to share in the responsibility, to wit, the
Senate; and if the Secretary, the Commis-
sioner. and the President can be agreed as to
what shall be done in reference to removals
j and appointments, then arises the other ilifS-
i culty. They express a doubt as to whether
j there can be anything like accord between
| them and the Senate, so as to procure confirm -
| ation of those who may be appointed,
i What further does the Secretary say? He
j claims that all recommendations ior removal
j during the session of tbe Senate have received
i prompt and proper attention by the Executive,
| and complains further that much of the diffi-
I culty arises from the restraint under the tenure-
| of-oihee law. Now, what are the facts? Here
I are the names of twenty-seven persons, the list
; being confined to assessors and collectors alone,
; the removal of about one half ot whom was
j called for in July last, nearly a year ago. and
) the removal of the others in December last.
! Of the whole twenty-seven, how many, think
