1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO
3880
ment, lias swung around the circle on this ques-
tion, started with about five shillings and put it
down, and tried it one way and then tried it
another, and finally, after a long and costly
experience, have brought it to ten shillings,
where it has been for years, and where it is
likely to remain. We have the benefit of the
English experience where, after having tried it
in every way, they have comeback to ten shil-
lings, verynearly $2 50ingold, upon the gallon.
The present proposition before the Senate is to
levy a tax of one dollar in currency, equal to.
about seventy cents in gold; and yet gentle-
men say that is too high, and they refer to
English experience to establish the fact, though
the English, after having tried the thing in
every form, have settled down to $2 50 in gold.
Now, sir, the final action of the English Gov-
ernment, after long and costly experience, is a
better auswer to the argument of the Senator
from Oregon than we can possibly make, and I
shall leave it right there.
But, Mr. President, the great argument
which has been offered in this case is the temp-
tation argument. Says the Senator from West
Virginia, "Lead us not into temptation." The
Government must not establish any tax or any
impost duty, or do anything else that presents
a strong temptation to commit fraud. It is
not right for any man to acquire a fortune, be-
cause he strongly tempts the poor vagabond
to steal his money; he is leading his neighbor
into temptation, and he is violating those
Christian maxims quoted by the Senator from
WTest Virginia. You must do nothing which
will lead your neighbor into temptation ! Not
only does the Senator from West Virginia urge
that to the Senator from Michigan, but he has
said the temptation is too strong for poor human
nature. I simply refer to this for the purpose
of saying that this argument defeats itself. If
this argument is true, then the tax at fifty cents
a gallon ought not to be levied, because it still
presents a powerful temptation, a temptation
that will be found to be too great for the virtue
of these whisky men, for whom so -much sym-
pathy has been expressed here this afternoon.
Why, Mr. President, the temptation to steal
fifty cents is not so great as that to steal two
dollars; but when you have learned how to do
it, and the facilities have been discovered, and
the agencies have been created, and all the
machinery, to use the language of the Senator
from Oregon, has been already formed and
laid down, then the temptation to steal the half
dollar becomes as great, and it becomes as
profitable as it formerly was to steal the two
dollars.
Look at the temptation now presented by
this bill, and we must then exclaim with the
Senator from West Virginia, 4iLea<l us not
into temptation." The distiller can make
twenty-five dollars a barrel even under this bill
by committing a fraud. Take a distillery tbat
runs one hundred barrels per day, and that is
not a very large one, and there is a temptation
of $2,500 in one day. That is not so great as
$10,000, as it would be under the present law,
but still $2,500 in one day is an enormous temp-
tation. Take a little country distillery, that
only .makes ten barrels a day, over in the neigh-
borhood of the Senator from Kentucky, and
that would be a temptation of $250 a day. Take
a little copper still, between two hills, over
near Owensboro', Kentucky, where they only
run one barrel a day, that is a temptation of
twenty-five dollars a day, which would be more
than the proprietor of that still could make
perhaps in a mouth in any other way. So you
see that if you go upon the ground that you
must levy a tax that will not be a temptation
to commit fraud you cannot pass this bill. It
presents an enormous temptation, but not so
great as the former rate.
Now, Mr. President, I do not believe in the
force of this argument. I believe that if you
can collect fifty cents on the gallon you can
collect one dollar on the gallon. I said yes-
terday, and I repeat, that this wliifie move-
ment is the result of a panic. I will not say
how or by whom gotten up,' but they desire to
have this Congress rush from one extreme to
another. If you say two dollars is an extreme
tax, then half a dollar is extremely small the
other way. Because we have failed in collect-
ing two dollars must we almost put the tax
down to nothing? There seems to bo no mid-
dle ground; there seems to be no reasonable
position that Senators are willing to take ; but
it must now be fifty cents or nothing. _ The
Senator from Oregon says if you put it at a
dollar now he wants the bill to fail and hopes
it will fail. He wants the tax put down to fifty
cents or the bill to fail and the tax to remain
at two dollars.
Mr. President, I do not understand that kind
of logie. There is a right ground; it is gen-
erally found between the extremes; and if we
concede that two dollars was too great a tax,
can it be said that one dollar is too great?
When this two-dollar tax was imposed there were
Senators and Representatives in Congress who
wanted it one dollar. It finally became a party
measure, and It was put at two dollars; and
we have heard it said in the Senate, or rather
we have heard it intimated, that it is a party
measure now to put it down to fifty cents. I
deny both statements.
Sir, there is too much at stake in this mat-
ter for us to act hastily or unadvisedly in put-
ting this" tax down too low. If we can collect
$50,000,000 at one dollar on the gallon we can
collect $90,000,000 at one dollar a gallon.
This amendment, if it is adopted and the bill
itself is a success, will save to this Govern-
ment not less than $40,000,000. I tell you
that we shall need the revenue very badly. It
is a rush from one extreme to another extreme
without any other or higher reason than be-
cause we have been tempting human nature
too strongly for its strength; and yet the bill
contains a temptation at least powerful enough
to seduee those that have been seduced before;
and their name is legion.
Mr. McOREERY. Mr. President, I thank
the distinguished Senator from lihode Island
[Mr. Axthoxy] for the distinct and clear
avowal which he has made of the principles
which influence those who favor the high tax-
ation of whisky. He has announced on this
floor the doctrine that he favors higli taxation
because it takes the manufacture of this arti-
cle from the hands of the poor and monopo-
lizes it in the hands of the rich. It is the
"money ring" which controls on that side
which has been charging that the "whisky
ring" controls upon the other. I differ with
that gentleman and all others who hold the
same doctrine. I stand up here to vindicate
the labor of this country, and if need be, it
either must fall, let capital fall in the struggle.
Capital needs no protection. A man who has
his bonds or his money in his pocket needs not
the protection of this Congress; but it is the
laboring man, the man who takes his ax upon
his shoulder and marches out to the^ wilder-
ness, fells the timber and clears up his farm,
that I desire shall have the privilege of manu-
facturing whisky or any other article. I do
not want to take it from the whole labor of
this country and transfer it to New York or
some other center of capital, and say that they
and they alone shall have the right of manu-
facturing whisky.
Mr. President, the friends of my boyhood
were the descendants of those men who were
the pioneers of Kentucky and of the West, aud
I shall ever oppose every measure which says
to the posterity of those men, the friends of
my youth, "You are to stand back in this
business ; your distilleries are to be struck
down, your manufactures are to be destroyed
in order that for the convenience of collection
the whole manufacture of whisky shall be
transferred to New York or some center of
capital."
We have had a great many taunts thrown
at us during the discussion of this question.
The distinguished Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Howe] has said, and repeated the asser-
tion, that it is more respectable to drink high
whisky than low whisky. All we ask of gen-
tlemen is to keep their hands off us, not,to run
their hands in our pockets, and we will attend
to the respectability of ourselves. We are
respectable; wcintend to remain respectable;
but we ask Congress not to draw upon us.too
strong in the shape of taxation.
It does appear to me singular that gentlemen
are pitching upon two articles, tobacco and
whisky, in which Kentucky is more deeply in-
terested than in any other, upon the ground
and the only ground that these are luxuries,
when one of the greatest luxuries that ever
humanity did enjoy escapcs them altogether.
The greatest luxury, as 1 hold, upon the face
of this earth is to set back behind two millioas
or five millions of Government bonds. This
great luxury escapes the attention and animad-
version of these gentlemen altogether; but let
them find some little still-house up a creek-or
a branch where some honest man by his own
labor is making from fifty to one hundred bar-
rels of whisky, and this poor fellow living by
the toil and sweat of his own brow is to be
stricken down because he manufactures what
these gentlemen call a luxury. Take one of
your fine gentlemen who sits comfortably be-
hind his two or three millions of Government
bonds and probably he would hardly touch a
plain glass of whisky.; he would prefer his Mus-
cat, or his champagne, or something of that
sort. He does not esteem whisky a luxury,
certainly.
Mr. President, I have several amendments
to proposa to the hill, but there is an amend-
ment at this time before the Senate, which is,
1 believe, to make the tax ninety cents. I
propose to stand by the committee on that
subject, to stand by the tax of fifty cents, and
to place it in the power of any man, rich or
poor, in this land, without favor or affection,
to manufacture this or any other article. If
the Senate intend to support the position taken
by the distinguished Senator from Rhode
Island, if they intend that those who are now
wealthy shall monopolize all the wealth of the
land, if they intend that all sources of revenue
to any other men of the country shall be closed
up, and that these men shall manufacture all
the whisky, let it go forth in that shape; let it
be said that you stand in this controversy on
the side of capital and against labor. That -is
the position, and let it be so declared to the
country.'
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I had sup-
posed that the Committee on Finance had
arrived at some definite conclusion on this sub-
ject, and had really submitted to us the result of
their inquiries and investigations, and that they
meant precisely what they said in their report.
I had supposed'that they had investigated this
subject with care, and that they had recourse
to those means of investigation which would
enable them to arrive at a satisfactory conclu-
sion. Until to-day I fancied that we had in
this bill their deliberate and solemn conviction
on the subject, and that fifty cents was the
: point they had fixed upon as the rate of tax
! that would yield the greatest amount of rev-
enue to the Government, and render the least
injury to the production of the country. But
it seems that this opinion is not exactly cer-
tain on the part of the committee, that they
are yet vascUlating between this and some
other point.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator upon
what authority ho makes that statement ?
Mr. FOWLER. The authority of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmusbs-]
Mr. SHERMAN. That was contradicted
at the moment and withdrawn.
Mr. FOWLER. I heard the statement, and
I did not hear distinctly what followed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I repeat again that the
Committee on Finance took this matter delioei-
ately into consideration and have never changed
their position I trust my friend from V ermont
will withdraw the remark he made, or explain it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When I state a thing and
turn out to be in error I will withdraw it; but
what I said was something that the committee
had no right to get, I was about to say in a
