8866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
tantrum about, but that is not a polite word.
The committee had no right to feel excited
about what I said, because it was expressing
only my own opinion of the individual convic-
tion of the gentlemen of the committee as
drawn from what the Senator from Ohio him-
self said last night. I may have been mistaken
in the opinion, but I am entitled to the opinion
just the same as if I was not mistaken.
Mr. FOWLER. I supposed the Senator
from Ohio stated really the opinion of the com-
mittee, and that is, that the rate fixed in the
bill is their deliberate conviction, and that they
have arrived at it after mature consideration,
that they are not vascillating in regard to this
matter, that they do not entertain other views
contrary to their report. I have so understood
up to the present time, and I am glad to be
confirmed in it by what the Senator from Ohio
has. said.
Mr. President, there is a certain point to
which taxation on articles of production may
be carried so as to yield the greatest amount
of revenue with the least injury to production.
I shall take it for granted that the rate fixed
by this bill is the proper point, because it is
an experiment; the committee cannot predict
with certainty as to the result, bat they have
exercised their best judgment and arrived at
this conclusion, and I am satisfied with the
result, and shall support it. If they .have
arrived at this point, and ascertained the true
law that governs the production of this article,
any action on the part of the Government that
tends to overthrow that law or to violate it is,
to some extent, a crime, and quite as great a
crime against labor as it is for labor to evade
that law. There are laws that control and
govern production; laws not made by legisla-
tures, quite as sacred as those that emanate
from any legislative body whatever. Now, sir,
the Government has itself been the violator
of these laws, and it is to blame in a great
measure for all of the corruption that has
manifested itself on the part of officers or of
the people of the country by the violation of
one of these fundamental laws of trade.
There is another consideration in reference
to this matter. In order to collect the present
unheard-of and exorbitant tax, unusual, un-
known, uncongenial machinery was adopted,
which is now proposed to be made even more
oppressive than it has been. This machinery,
when it comes to be considered by the Amer-
ican people, will be regarded as really start-
ling. Above all, you have resorted to spies
and informers and inspectors, showing an utter
want of confidence in the people, distrusting
everybody and everything, having no faith in
anything. Now, let the Government return at
once to its good old doctrine of confidence in
the people, and to wise and equal legislation
on this subject; give up your exorbitant taxa-
tion, dismiss your spies, exercise a manly and
generous confidence in the people, and it will
be reciprocated by them.
Sir, I have failed to see that evidence of
corruption the charge of which ha3 been re-
peated again and again here. Indeed, one
Senator has gone so far as to state that since
this tax has been established the whole Amer-
ican people, because they are all engaged in this
thing, have advanced wonderfully in their edu-
cation of iniquity. I am not prepared to arrive
at any such conclusion from any facts that I
have seen. Indeed, there has been no evidence
on the subject except an allusion to a certain
document which I propose to refer to at some
other time, not at the present moment.
In my judgment we cannot adopt in the
TJ nited States any such machinery as has been
adopted either in England or in Russia for the
purpose of collecting the tax on spirits. It
would be resented more violently than the pres-
ent tax has been resented, and we have sufficient
evidence before us to show conclusively that
the present tax cannot and will not be col-
lected. The people will not pay it, nor do
they sympathize very fully in the efforts of the
Government to collect it, because it is admitted
generally that the Government has violated
July ^
the laws of trade, and has gone beyond its duty
and the interests of the people in its efforts to
collect an exorbitant and an extraordinary tax,
such a one as they have never submitted to
before, and will not submit to hereafter.
Unless we do reduce the tax to fifty cents,
or perhaps less, 1 would not advocate any less
than that now—it will be utterly impossible to
collect any considerable revenue from whisky.
We have already seen that revenue fall off to
about thirteen millions this year. This is due
more to the fact that production has been
crushed out by exorbitant taxation than to the
fact that the people and agents of the Govern-
ment have been corrupt. I know in my own
State that it is for want of production that the
tax is not paid, and in most of the other States
it is more due to that cause than any other. I
of course know nothing of the history of the
small distilleries that have sprung up in New
York and in other places. 1 knownothingof
the existence of any facts of that kind. I sup-
pose the committee who state such facts are
perfectly conversant with them, and I take
their word for them.
4 The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. FERRY. On this vote I desire to say
that I am paired with the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson.] He would vote
"yea" and 1 " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 23; as follows:
;Messrs. Cole. Edmunds, Harlan, Howe,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye. Osborn,
i'op'erw. Ross, Tipton, Wade,Wilson, and Yates—15.
WAYS—Messrs. Buckalew. Cattell, Conkling, Con-
ness, Cragin, Davis, Drake, Fessenden, Fowler. How-
ard, Johnson, McCreery, Morgan, Ramsey, Sherman,
Stewart. Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickcre,
Welch, Willey, and Williams—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Chandler, Corbett, Dixon, Doolittle, Ferry, Freling-
huysen, Grimes, Hendorson, Hendricks, Morrill of
V ermont, Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pat-
terson of lennessee, fiice, Saulsbury, Sprasne, and
Thayer—20.
_ Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to amend the
bill by inserting the amendment which I offered
the day before yesterday in committee. The
Clerk has it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert as an additional section the fol-
lowing:
And be it further enacted, That so much of all acts
aaa parts of acts as impose any internal revenue tax
on llluminatmg or other mineral oils, and on tko
product of the distillation, redistillation, or refining
ot crude petroleum, or of crude oil produced by a
single distillation of coal, shale, peat, asphaltum, or
other bituminous substances, together with all pro-
visions relating to returns, assessments, warehous-
ing, and bonding, and all other provisions for de-
termining the quantity of mineral oil distilled for
the purpose of scouring the payment of the tax
thereon, be, and the same are hereby, repealed; and
no tax imposed by existing laws on such oils or prod-
ucts in the hands ot the producer or manufacturer,
or his asent or agents, at the passage of this act and
unsold, shall be collected.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I do not think it
necessary to repeat the remarks I made only
two days ago on this question; and I shall not
do so unless-they may be called for by some
gentleman who is opposed to the remission of
the tax. I will simply state the general facts,
trusting that gentlemen who were then present
at least will remember what was said, and that
there may be enough in the facts themselves to
convince everybody that this amendment is
just and proper.
I showed on that occasion first that all other
manufactures of this class have been relieved,
while at the time the others were relieved only
one half this tax was removed. I showed that
the tax itself was enormous, being about one
hundred per cent, upon the raw product, the
crude petroleum out of which these manufac-
tures are made. I also adverted to the fact
of the immense export of this article, now
amounting to thirty millions per annum, and
showed that this export, though so valuable to
the nation, is trammeled by the rules and
regulations that are necessary perhaps to be
resorted to in order to collect the-tax on the
domestic use.
_ I have the sanction of the Special Commis-
sioner of Revenue, and the opinion of many
others that this tax can be dispensed with.
The whole amount that will be collected from
it, I presume, will not exceed $2,000,000. It
is not worth while to retain that amount, which
is small compared with the whole aggregate of
taxation, while it is operating as a discourage-
ment to the export.
I showed, also, that, by reason of the tram-
mels to which this interest is subjected, the
necessity of warehousing, of inspectors, and
of gaugers, and of extra clerks, in order to
make .the monthly reports, and all the conse-
quent expenses that are, perhaps, justified in
the case of tobacco and whisky, the tendency
is, to some extent, to discourage the export of
the manufactured article, and to substitute for
it the unmanufactured artiele. The conse-
quence is that a manufacture which might be
readily retained here is.now carried on abroad
to a great extent.
It seems to me that if there is not some very
cogent reason why an article of this kind, of
common consumption, of use in every family—
furnishing the poor and the rich a cheaper light
than they can have in any other way—should
be subjected to all these trammels and troubles,
that are_ proper in reference to tobacco and
whisky, it ought to be repealed for that reason
if for no other. But the strongest considera-
tion that present itself to my mind is what I
have already stated in reference to discour-
aging the export of this artiele. It is so valu-
able to the country, it furnishes so large a
proportion of our exports that it does seem to
me it should present itself to every Senator as
a proper case for relief. We do not certainly
wish, upon any principle whatever that I can
imagine, to decrease oar export of an article
that is profitable to the country, and which goes
so far to pay the debt we are creating abroad
continually, whether the mercantile debt or
the debt of the Government bonds.
With these brief remarks I hope the Senate
will take this amendment into their favorable
consideration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to cor-
rect the statement of the Senator from West
Virginia in one particular. He is mistaken in
supposing that the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue is'in favor of this proposition.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. 1 said the Special
Commissioner, Mr. Wells.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, the last time
he was before the Committee on Finance, was
particularly inquired of in relation to this mat-
ter, and also as to whether the revenues wore
coming in at such a rate that we could afford
to dispense with the amount that would be
lost to the Treasury if this tax were repealed,
and he most emphatically replied in the nega-
tive. I should be almost willing to grant any
favor that the Senator from West Virginia
should ask, but one of this character cannot
command my assent.
In the first place, I differ with the Senator
in this respect. I believe this article can bet-
ter sustain taxation than any other article,
with the exception, perhaps, of whisky, in our
whole country. It is absolutely without a com-
petitor; aud so far as the exportation of it is
concerned, we do not interfere with the export-
ation. There is no duty on the raw material,
and when the article is refined it is allowed to
go abroad without the payment- of duty.
Then I know that the parties who have been
most largely engaged in this business have
accumulated fortunes; and the property is not
all owned in Pennsylvania or in West Virginia.
There are many stockholders of this property
at the East. I know of one that has been
largely engaged in refining petroleum, who can
count up his gains at the present time not only
by hundreds of thousands, but beyond a mil- '
lion. From a man of only moderate circaaa-
stances he has become a millionaire.
But, Mf. President, we are in duty bound to
look somewhat to the state of the Treasury.
Our revenues have been decreasing for the last
