318
appendix to the. congressional g-lobe.
[June 1,
Ho. of Reps.
Internal Tax—Mr. Scheiick.
40th Cong-....2d Sess.
yon, have been displaced up to this time? I
believe but one.
Let me give you a few items upon these points,
obtained by investigation at the Commissioner's
office. I find that on the 15th of July, 1867,
■while the Senate was in session, the Commis-
sioner made recommendations for the removal
of• four assessors and three collectors; that
all of those assessors are still in service; and
that one of the three collectors was suspended
in September last, but the case lias never
been disposed of by the Senate ; and another
of the collectors afterward resigned. So that
of these seven recommendations for the re-
moval of officers not a single recommenda-
tion has yet been effective. All the assessors
are still in office; one of the collectors has
resigned, and one only has been suspended.
Therefore if it can bo claimed that there has
been any action upon the recommendations in
these cases, it amounts simply to the suspen-
sion of one of the seven officers, not one of
them having been removed.
Again, on the 30th of December, 1807, eight
collectors and two assessors were recommended
for removal. One of these collectors, Stead-
man, afterward resigned; one of the assessors
of the first district in Mississippi has been
removed : but all the others of the ten are still
in service.
On the 15th of January, 1868, three asses-
sors and two collectors were recommended to
bo removed, the recommendation being made
as in all the other cases by the Commissioner.
In reference to those no change whatever
founded upon these recommendations has been
made. A man by the name of Hopkins, in
the first district of Georgia, was suspended,
although he was not on the list made up by the
Commissioner. The Secretary is mistaken in
this respect; at least in the Secretary's reply,
which contains all the letters of this kind, I
find no letter making the recommendation.
But this officer was suspended upon a charge
of perjury in taking the test-oath at the time
of entering on the duties of his collectorship.
But it was not until a year after the taking of
that oath, nor until immediatf>ly after his elec-
tion to the constitutional convention of Geor-
gia, that the suspension was made; but no
successor has been appointed.
In short, of all the removals recommended
by the Commissioner it seems that only one
has been made. Four suspensions have been
made by the President during the recess last
summer, a,nd one in January, while the Senate
was in session ; hut neither of these has been
acted upon by the Senate. Several recom-
mendations, 1 find, have been made by the
Commissioner since the lettprof the Secretary,
dated on the 14th of February last, one recom-
mending the removal of the collector of the
first South Carolina district, and also of the
collector in the first district of Mississippi; but
upon neither of these recommendations, so far
as I can ascertain, has there been any action
by the Secretary or the President. The office
of assessor in four districts has been vacant
since the 3d of March, 1867 ; in one district
since the 15th of November, 1807 ; in two dis-
tricts since December, 1867 ; and in one since
January, 1868.
But I will not detain the committee with
further facts of this character. I give them by
way of illustration; and what I say is that
although a year ago it was manifest to the Com-
missioner that fraud and peculation and the
connivance at fraud "were marking the career
and course of a great many subordinates in the
internal reven ue service, and the proper author-
ities were appealed to as the laws sow exist to
have these delinquent and scoundrel officers
removed, such is thediffusion of responsibility
between the President, the Secretary of the
Treasury, and the Senate, thatlittleor no regard,
you may say almost none at all, lias been paid
to this or any subsequent recommendation.
.What I claim, therefore, is, that it has become
apparent to the country, as it has to us while
looking into this matter, that if we would hav«
the revenue of the country collected it is time
to stop this diffusion of responsibility, existing
under the present law to such extent that it
seems to rest upon nobody with sufficient
weight to procure a certain performance of
the duty of seeing that we have good and faith-
ful officers to assess and collect the tax. Look
at one of these consequences. Here is the
second district in Indiana, where a vacancy
occurred on the 3d of March, 1867, nearly
fifteen month sago, and yet that district is vacant
to this da\'. In the first New York, tenth
Pennsylvania, fourth Wisconsin, in all these
districts the vacancy in the assessorship has
continued from the "d of March, the same date,
up to this time. In the fourth district of Vir-
ginia no assessor since the 15th of September,
1867. In the foiuth district of Oliionone since
the '20th of December, 1867.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman from Ohio
refers to the second district of Indiana. I see
that my colleague, [Mr. Kerb,] who represents
that district, is not now in his seat; and I wish
to say that that vacancy continues by reason
of the failure of the Senate to confirm such
persons as have been nominated. Repeated
nominations have failed to be confirmed on
account of the disagreement between the Sen-
ate and the Executive. I presume in the
other cases the difficulty lias arisen in the same
way.
Mr. SCHENCK. The committee will bear
me witness that I have not in the course of this
argument been laying the responsibility upon
any particular branch of the Government. I
have said that the law is such that between the
President, the Senate, the Secretary, and the
Commissioner, there is such division of re-
sponsibility that we can get nothing done.
Mr. N1BLACK. I thought it added force
to the gentleman's illustration.
Mr. SCHBNCK. It does. I am obliged to
my colleague on the committee for the sug-
gestion. It proves even if the President were
all right, if the Secretary were all right, if the
Commissioner were all right, it might yet be
that there is another body that would fail to
meet the necessity in not acting upon the
recommendations made by the proper Depart-
ment. I do not say it is so. I repeat, from the
divided responsibility and the want of accord
between tliera we have no proper officers, I
might almost say none, with exceptional cases,
to collect the revenue, and the stealing goes on.
But my argument is, at present at least, con-
fined to this point, that whether it be the fault
of the President or of the Senate we have no
accord between them ; or whether the Com-
missioner has not enough influence with the
Secretary, or the Secretary not enough with
the President, or whether nominations are not
made at all. or if nominations are made, they
are so improper that the Senate in the dis-
charge of their duty do not feel they ought to
confirm them, wherever the fault be, every
one of these facts tends to illustrate the one
single proposition, we have an establishment
without a responsible head, and the law will
never be executed and the tax never collected
until we redace our system to one of concen-
trated responsibility.*
Our method of effecting this is to give to the
head of the Department, whoever that head
may be, entire pow^r over the subordinates
of the Department; to appoint them for suffi-
cient reasons, to fill vacancies when they may
occur, and to remove them when, in his judg-
ment, they are not properly qualified to dis-
charge the duties confided to them.
There are three ways in which the respon-
sibility of subordinates might possibly be pro-
vided for, and every one of them received,
before we came to the conclusion we have em-
bodied in the first sections of the bill, attention
and discussion by the committee.
It was thoughtby some that one mode of gct-
tinggood officers, as it was vitally necessary to
secure intelligence and honesty, would be to
adoptfor theinternal revenue department some-
thing like the provisions of the civil service
bill, which is now pending in this House, and
which has been so admirably presented and
firmly insisted on'as a cure for these evils in
our political system by the accomplished gen-
tleman from'Rhode Island, [Mr. JenckeS.]
But there was a difficulty in legislating dif-
ferently for this department from other De-
partments. There was a difficulty in adopting
all the machinery of a board of examiners as
contained in that bill now pending before you,
(and which I intend, for myself, most heartily
to support,) and it was thought better not to
attempt such special legislation in reference to
one particular department, but to apply a cure
for the evil now, even if that cure should come
hereafter in another shape by a general bill
on the subject.
Another proposition, and by some at first
insisted upon, was that good officers would be
secured if you required that all the inspectors,
special agents, storekeepers, and other subor-
dinates should have the confirmation of the
Senate superadded to the nomination of the
President, and thus, by concurrent action^ of
the President and Senate, the best men might
be selected. I think a suflicient answer to that
proposition has already been made by the
illustration I have given in regard to assesso rs
and collectors. If with aliuiited number of these
officers, two hundred and forty only of each
kind, assessors and collectors, we cannot have
that cooperation between the President and
Senate which is requisite to secure honest men
of'these classes, how much worse would ''confu-
sion be confounded" if we were to throw upon
the Senate the burden of considering, exam-
ining, and deciding upon the case of each one
of the inferior officers?
I concluded then (and others agreed with
me) that- the proper mode was to concentrate
the responsibility in one particular head of
department; and confessing that the powers
are great, I maintain that the emergency is
greater, and to meet this emergency this plan is
presented in the full confidence of its success.
The collection of an internal tax must always
be accompanied with much that is disagreeable
to an officer of the law, and much that, makes it
odious to the people who are compelled to sub-
mit to what are naturally unpleasant require-
ments. But one reason for that is, it you are
to collect the excise at all, if you are to impose
an internal tax to meet the necessities of the
Government, it is a tax of a nature which
requires above all others, perhaps, that there
should be a prompt, ready, almost arbitrary
power exercised at each stage of collection.
Taking for granted, then, that power of this
kind must be lodged somewhere and with some
ofiicer, and satisfied that if you distribute it
the power will not be exercised for the benefit
of the country at large, but that those whose
duty it is to enforce the law will escape respon-
sibility by division of their accountability to
the public, we have settled upon the conclusion
that the true way to get the tax collected is to
have it done under one officer strongly empow-
ered and armed for the purpose, and to hold
him to the strictest account for everything that
he shall do under the law, under such circum-
stances that all public observation and all
watchfulness of the law may be concentrated
upon him without the possibility of his escap-
ing from that accountability.
Does this House recollect a very remarkable
communication made by the Secretary of the
Treasury a few months ago touching this sub-
ject,? It was found during the last session of
the Thirty-Xinth Congress, some time before we
adjourned, that there had been established or
grown up under the authority of the Treasury
Department, in the city of .New York especially,
but also in some of the othar cities'of the Union,
what were called metropolitan boards. As it
