1818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
tires. Nor do I stop to ask in what political
school the men were educated, nor by what
pressure of circumstances these measures were
consummated. The great record of the party
remains. The wicked, God-defying aggres-
sions of the slave power called it into being.
I witnessed in the old Hall, where the second
Adams fell, the first action of slaveholding
insolence which drove from all political parties
the true men who believed in freedom, com-
pelling them to come out from the old organ-
izations for the life of the principle which drove
our fathers from the Old World.
Defeated in their wicked attempts to estab-
lish the^ slave system in the free Territories of
the United States, these insolent autocrats of
slavery rebelled when they found that Mr. Lin-
coln had been chosen President. The Repub-
lican party was responsible for that choice.
After the rebellion the Republican party, aided
by many thousands of loyal Democrats, true
and good men, crushed the rebellion out by
the strong hand of war. With the rebellion
slavery passed away, and universal freedom
was enacted into law. And now it is time that*
the truth should be plainly spoken. By every
loyal press in every district of our land let the
facts be proclaimed. We stand upon no de-
fense ; we need no defense. We propose to
attack; to attack here in the House, at home,
upon the stump, by speech and by voice, by
vote, and by press everywhere, to attack this
slave power, beaten in the field, but hopeful
yet, by cunning counsel and political strata-
gem to undo the work our armies have accom-
plished.
PAYMENT OV SOLDIERS* BOUNTIES.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to have taken from the table the
amendment of the Senate to the bill of the
House No. 381, to facilitate the payment of
soldiers' bounties under the act of 1806. I
desire to move that the House non-concur in
the amendment of the Senate, and ask the
appointment of a committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. As the bill to which the
gentleman refers is the first upon the Speaker's
table a majority vote can take it up.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out all after the enacting clause and to insert
the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and ho is
hereby, authorized to employ, for one year, fifty addi-
tional clerks in the division of the Second Auditor's
office of tho Treasury Department, furnishing in-
formation to thePaymaster General in regard to sol-
diers claiming bounty under the provisions of sections
twelve and thirteen of tho act entitled "An act
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for tho year ending Juno 30,1867,
and for other purposes," approved July 28,1866, giv-
ing in all cases prcfcrenco in said employment to
soldiers and sailors honorably discharged from tho
service of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That tho Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized
to proouro and to provide adequate and convenient
.rooms for all clerks employed m the examination of
the muster-rolls in said ofiico.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, That tho Assistant
Treasurers of the United States in the cities of New
York and San Francisco be, and they ore hereby,
directed to pay duplicate checks for bounties granted
under the said act upon notice and proof of the loss
of tho original check or cheeks, under such regula-
tions as the Secretary of the Treasury may dircetT
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Second
Comptroller and Second Auditor are each hereby
authorized to detail one clerk in his bureau who may
sign all certificates and papers issued under any of
tho several bounty acts for such Comptroller and
Auditor; and such signature shall bo as valid in all
respects as if signed by tho said Comptroller and
Auditor.
The question was upon concurring in the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. PAINE. I hope the amendment will
not be concurred it.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. PAINE. I move that a committee of
conference be appointed upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Paine, Mr. Garfield, and Mr. Getz as the
conferees on the part of the House.
ADMISSION OF ALABAMA.
The House then resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 904, for the admission of
the State of Alabama, which had been made
the special order for to-day, and upon which
Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania, was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I yield
to my colleague upon the committee, the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] to
open the debate upon this bill.
Mr. FAltNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, the
Committee on Reconstruction have deemed it
their duty, under the circumstances, to report
a bill for the admission of Alabama, notwith-
standing it is shown that less than a majority
of the votes registered in the State of Ala-
bama were polled in favor of the adoption of
its new constitution. We did this for several
reasons; first, because in the opinion of the
committee the act of Congress requiring a
majority of the registered votes to be in favor
of the constitution was an error of legislation,
and we ought not to require that it should be
followed, and the more especially as both
Houses of Congress have now passed an act
amendatory of that act, which only requires
that a majority of the votes polled upon the
adoption and rejection of the constitution shall
be in its favor to secure its adoption. The
committee could see no reason why Alabama
should not have the benefit of that principle
as well as the other States which have not yet
voted upon their constitutions. Besides this,
from the testimony before the committee, the
affidavits and statements, both sworn and un-
sworn, of respectable citizens of Alabama, the
committee were satisfied that a very large ma-
jority of all the voters registered in that State
would have voted for the adoption of this con-
stitution if they had not been prevented from so
doing by various circumstances, contingencies,
and threats.
The whole registered vote of Alabama is
about one hundred and seventy thousand. I
believe there were at the first registry, in round
numbers, one hundred and sixty-five thousand.
We have no definite information as to the ex-
tent to which the number was increased by the
new registry made shortly before the election;
but the estimate is that the increase was about
five thousand, which would make something
like one hundred and seventy thousand regis-
tered voters in that State. According to the
letter of General Grant, which was communi-
cated to the House this morning, there were
cast in favor of the adoption of the constitu-
tion 70,812 votes ; against its adoption, 1,005.
This includes only the vote that was returned.
It does not include the vote of those counties
where the boxes were seized and destroyed
before returns were made, nor of those other
counties where the poll-lists were destroyed by
violence and the polls broken up by the rebels
during the election,
I have here a sworn statement of several
respectable gentlemen of Alabama, which gives
a better summary of the facts than I could give
by any remarks of mine. I ask that this state-
ment be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Statement of registered voters of Alabama in rela-
tion to the election for ratification of the constitu-
tion in Alabama in the month of February, A. 1).
1868:
It is impossible to tell accurately the number of
registered voters in Alabama, because the returns of
the last registration have not been all received. The
superintendent of registration estimates the last
registration to amount to five thousand in the whole
State, which would make the total number of regis-
tered voters on. the books, in round numbers, one
hundred and seventy thousand. This includes all
registered at any time since registration commenced
in June, 1867, without allowance for those who have
died or removed from the State after registering, and
who are believed to number from five to ten thou-
sand.
Large numbers of foreigners were illegally regis-
tered, notproducing their naturalization papers, and
the blanks in their registration oaths not beingfilled
up: and in one county tho probate judge, who was
not a register, added two hundred names to the list.
We believe that there were not mere than one
hundred and sixty thousand voters, legally regis-
tered, residing m the State at the time the election
was held.
The vote for the constitution, according to returns
received, as far as we know, amounts toabout^ighty-
one thousand. This includes an estimate of the vote'
of Lowndes county, where the ballot-box was stolen
after the election, and of Dale and Henry counties,
in which the registers refused to open the polls; and
when the friends of reconstruction did so their oppo-
nents broke up the polls and destroyed the lists and
tickets.
Tho vote for officers exceeds that cast upon the
question of ratification by some thousands, the tick-
ets having been fraudulently mutilated by tearing off
the part on which was printed the words "for the
constitution." There is, therefore, no reason to doubt
that a majority of tho legally-registered voters resid-
ing in the Stato actually voted at tho said election,
and believed they voted for tho constitution.
At? least ten thousand legally-registered voters
attempted to vote, but were unable to do so for the
following reasons:
1. A few days before the election orders were issued
limiting the voting places to three in each county;
but prior to this official notice had been given in
most of tho counties that a poll would be opened at
from five to twelve places named in the notice. The
order reducing the number was not received in time
to eirculatoinformation of tho change, and the voters
who went to the abandoned points found no pollt and
many of them went home without voting, especially
as tho opponents of reconstruction proclaimed that
the election was postponed.
2. Inmanyofthecountiesthepollswerenotopened
at one or two of the three places designated until the
second, third, or fourth day of the election, and voters
who went to vote before they were opened went
homo believing that the reports circulated by the
anti-reconstructionists that tho election had been
postponed were true.
3. In some counties with four or five thousand
registered voters only one poll was opened during
the first day of the election, and hundreds and even
thousands of voters were kept standing in the rain
day aftcrday, until thedanger of starvation compelled
them to return home before 44 their turn had come."
In these counties the opponents of reconstruction
had appointed the judges, and had entire control of
the election. The judges allowed challengers to
badger voters with irrelevant questions, and to do
everything that they could to consume time, so that
not half so many votes were received as might have
been. In Lowndes county, for instance, although-
more than two thousand men were in waiting, only
two hundred and fifty votes were taken the first day
and five hundred and fifty the second day.
4. Grcatnumbersof votes were rejected because the
name of the voter couldnot be founa upon the printed
lists or hadnot been properly transcribed and printed
from the oath-book, A mistake of a letter was enough
to secure the rejection of a vote, and no amount of
evidence that tho applicant had been properly regis-
tered was allowed, in some counties, to cure the
defect.
The-election was held by judges appointed by the
board of registration for the election district. A few
days before the election many of the old registers
were removed and new ones appointed in their stead,
a great majority of whom were opposed to recon-
struction, and did all in their power to defeat the
ratification of the Constitution. In many instances
they appointed judges whocould not anddid not take
the oatn prescribed by law.
During the first two days of election a heavy rain
storm prevailed over the State, and rendered the
streams, most of which are unbridged, impassable.
Several thousand voters were by this means cut off
from the only places where they could vote. There is
not a county in tho State which is not traversed by
one or more streams which are impassable in times
of high water. The extent ot this obstacle and the
anxiety of voters to vote may be shown by the fact
that on tho last day of the election more than two
hundred voters applied to vote at a poll in Dallas
county, because, up to that time, they had not been
able to reach the poll in Autauga counts*, where they
lived. Hundreds swam the waters of J3ig Swamp; in
Lowndes county, to reach the polls, and one man
was drowned in its icy waters, who, nevertheless, is
counted as 44 against the constitution/'
Many thousand voters were also deterred from
voting by threats of violence, social ostracism, ruin
in business, loss of employment,destruction of prop-
erty, and ejection from their homes. The newspapers,
for weeks before the election, were filled with threats
against all who should votcfor the constitution, and
the conservative speakers constantly used the most
inflammatory language in their harangues. Nor did
the opponents of ratification confine themselves to
thrents. Their conduct in Mobile is a fair example
of their course all over the State. In that city, on
the eve of the election, some employers questioned
their employes upon the subject, and discharged all
who declared their intention of voting. All through
the election the names of all who voted were taken
down by poisons employed for that purpose, and
employers were immediately notified of the lactwhon
their employes had voted. The returning laborer
was immediately discharged. Before noon of the
first clay of the election it became known to all the
working men of the city that the eastingofthe ballot
was almost sure to be followed by the loss of a situa-
tion. Thepoor cropsof the last two years and the gen-
eral scarcity of money have placed the laboring class
of the community more than ordinarily atthe mercy
ol their employers. We think it would be wicked,
as well as impolitic, for the Government to punish
the_ loyal people, by refusing to accept their consti-
tution, because penniless laborers were deterred from
