1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2843
If gentleman will examine this table they
will see that to day the national banks are
taxed by the General Government two and a
quarter per cent, on their capital; and they
are taxed by the State governments two and
twenty-two hundredths per cent, upon their
capital, orfour and forty-seven hundredths per
cent, altogether.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. INGEIiSOLL. I move that the gentle-
man's time be extended, so that he may finish
his remarks on this branch of the question.
The CHAIRMAN. The time fixed by the
House for general debate in Committee of the
Whole has expired ; and the committee has no
power to extend it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It can be done by
unanimous consent.
Several Members. There is no objection.
Mr. ALLISON. I will only occupy a few
moments more.
•Mr. Chairman, at the present the General
Government collects from national banks tax-
ation to the amount of more than nine million
dollars, and the State governments over eight
million dollars, making in all $18,000,000.
This we propose to increase by $0,000,000;
so that the total amount raised from national
banks in this country, including both State
and national taxation, will reach' over twenty-
one million dollars.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have only a word
more to say with reference t,o this bill. Re-
peating partially what I said in my opening
remarks, I will say that it has been the con-
stant aim of Congress to reduce the burdens
of taxation ; and we must be careful, while
reducing these burdens nominally, that we do
notimpose upon the people additional burdens,
to be collected by means of fraudulent prac-
tices on the Government. Why, sir, to-day
while nominally the tax on distilled spirits is
two dollars a gallon, we collect from this
source only $13,500,000. It must be remem-
bered that the people of this country are actu-
ally paying over $100,000,000 in the shape of
taxation to the "whisky ring" and those who
are engaged in whisky frauds. Taxes should
be so imposed that at least nearly every dollar
exacted by the General Government shall go
into the Treasury, and not be taken from the
pockets of the people to be placed in thehands
of a few men who may be engaged in defraud-
ing the Government. Now, if we proceed to
levy taxes on this principle, my own judgment
is that this is not the last year that we shall
reduce taxation. I have no faith in the re-
mark of the gentleman on the other side, [Mr.
Nibi.ack,] my distinguished colleague on the
committee, that this tax bill is only mi experi-
ment. It is no experiment; or, if it is an ex-
periment, it is such an experiment as will show
that the Government can raise under it more
revenue than is necessary for the current ex-
penses of the Government and the payment of
the interest, and of a considerable sum annu-
ally upon the principal of the national debt.
As estimated by the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, there will be $43,-
000,000 of a surplus during the next fiscal year
after an expenditure of $350,000,000, and we
ought not to have such an expenditure by at
least $25,000,000.
As I have already stated, the amount of
taxation during the fiscal year 1806 amounted
to sixteen dollars per head upon every man,
woman, and child in this country. The tax-
ation here proposed will amount to eight dol-
lars per head, or a little less, upon every man,
woman, and child in the country. Now, we
can still reduce that taxation ten per cent. ;
and in twenty years from this day we can pay
the interest upon our national debt, pay the
current expenses of the Government, and pay
every dollar of that debt.
For one, I am not in favor of hastening the
payment of our national debt. We have paid
it too rapidly within the last two years. Not-
withstanding the extraordinary expenses of the
Government, yet from the 1st of August, 1865,
to the 1st of .November, 1887, we paid $266,-
000,000 of the principal of our national debt,
or over ten millions per month. I believe, for
one, that it is not expedient or prudent to pay
off the debt with such rapidity unless we can
pay it off by some such project as that pro-
posed by the distinguished gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wood,] without the payment
of taxes or the issuing of new bonds or evi-
dences of indebtedness. *
Within the last few years our national expen-
ditures have been constantly decreasing. I
read lately a speech made in Parliament by
Mr. Gladstone, in which he stated that during
the last year the expenses of the peace estab-
lishments in Great Britain had increased three
million pounds, to which must be added the
extraordinary expenses forthe Abyssinian war.
Thus while we, by the policy we have adopted
in Congress, are constantly decreasing our ex-
penses and our taxation, we find that other
Governments are increasing their expenditures
and are compelled to increase their taxation.
Mr. Chairman, I thank the committee for
having listened to me so attentively.
Mr. MAYNAliD. I hope my colleague on
the Committee of Ways and Means will not
close without informing us whether, to the best
of his information, the greatest amount of fraud
is in the small distilleries, or in the large ones
where distillation is carried on openly, and
which are professedly honest distilleries'?
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. .Chairman, so far as
that is concerned, I think I might answer him
by saying both, if it were not a contradiction
in terms. Of course there have been great
frauds by large distilleries, but they must have
been committed in most cases by the conni-
vance of the revenue oilieera, or because they
neglected their duties.
The CHAIRMAN. All general debate has
terminated under the order of the House. The
bill will now be read bv sections for amend-
ment, and debate under the five-minutes rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted bit the, Senate and Home of Repreienta-
tivet of the United States of Ameririr in
bled. That the oilieo of Commissioner of Internal
Revenue be, anil the same is hereby, established and
constituted a department of the Oovornment, to bo
designated and known as the department of internal
revenue, the head and chief officer of which depart-
ment shall be the Commissi oner of Internal lievenue,
whose salary shall be so.0011 per annum. And when-
ever the office of Commissioner of Internal Revenue
shall become vacant bv death, resignation, or other-
wise, the President shall nominate, and by and with
the advice find consent of the Senate appoint, a suit-
able person to fill said otfiee.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, I am com-
pelled, notwithstanding the earnest and able
arguments of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, to move to strike out
this section, the first, section of the bill; and
although I am confined to five minutes, I shall
endeavor in that time, if the committee will
give me their attention, to state the reasons
why I make this motion.
It is proposed to commit to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue the absolute power
of appointment of all the revenue officers of
the United States. That we undoubtedly have
the right and power to do it I do not question ;
but let us see the effect. We have the right
legally and constitutionally; we ordain by
law that the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue shall possess this power; we adjourn;
then, next day, President Johnson suspends
the present Commissioner and puts in one of
his own friends. I ask this committee who
then controls all of the revenue appointments
of the country?
Mr. LOGAN. Why does he not do it now?
Mr. BLAINE. He cannot. He has the
tenure-of-office act restraining him._ This pro-
poses to remove this very operation of the
tenure-of-office law, and to pnt the appoint-
ments in the hands of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. The President must keep
within the law. I wish gentlemen to observe
that, keeping within the law, he can suspend
the Commissioner just as he suspended Sec-
retary Stanton, and the next day appoint
another man; and we give to that man abso-
lute autocratic power, unrestrained power, to
remove and appoint at pleasure all the internal
revenue officers of the Government through-
out the whole length and breadth of the land.
Mr. BENTON. Does it give this ad interim,
appointee this power?
Mr. BLAINE. Of course it does. I am
surprised the gentleman asks the question. It
gives the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
for the time being, no matter who he is, this
power. I wish to know whether General
Grant, when made ad interim Secretary of
War, did not have all the powers of Secretary
of War? And if the President should suspend
Mr. Rollins and put in Cornelius Wendell, or
any partisan of his, would not the new ap-
pointee have all the powers conferred by this
bill to-day upon the Internal Revenue Com-
missioner ?
Mr. BENTON. If that be so it could be
very easily remedied by a'provision confining
the power merely to the Commissioner nomin-
ated by the President and confirmed by the
Senate.
Mr. BLAINE. Then A B now in office
would have the power to remove and appoint,
and C D would not have it. That would be very
handsome legislation !
Mr. PILE. The remarks of the gentleman
apply more particularly to section six of the
bill.
Mr. BLAINE. It opens the whole question.
The question is whether it shall bo established
as a separate departmentnow. Iamnotintend-
ing to answer the argument of the chairman of
the committee as to whether this ought to be
established as a general rule, and whether it
would, as a general rule, make this officer more
efficient. But I say to do it now is to give to
Andrew Johnson the absolute control of every
revenue officer in the United States, regard-
less of the tenure-of-office law; and for one I am
not willing to do it. To-day the internal revenue
officers of the country are protected, both col-
lectors and assessors. They hold their offices just
exactly as other officers who have been ap-
pointed by and with the advice of the Senate.
But this bill proposes to make them subject to
appointment and removal by a gentleman who
himself is entirely subject to suspension and
removal by the President of the United States.
Therefore you place in him the whole power.
This section, if it had been devised for the pur-
pose, could not have been more absolutely
efficient in giving to the Presidsnt of the United
States the entire power over every internal
revenue officer throughout the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to oppose the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Maine. I am
very much surprised to hear any gentleman on
this floor say that the first section of this bill
gives power to any officer outside or irrespective
of the tenure-of-office law. Why, sir, it does
not affect the tenure-of-office act; it does not
repeal it in whole or in part; but, being a sub-
sequent, law, it becomes itself subject in its
operation to the tenure-of-office law. All the
provisions of that law that are applicable to
appointments or removals from office will
apply as well to this office as to any other.
Again, what objection is there to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue having the right
to appoint officers that does not apply to any
other man having the right? The power to
appoint must rest somewhere, and I will give
my reasons, so far as T can in the brief time
allowed me, why I favor this proposition. We
charge here that the President is responsible
for the appointment of these officers who have
perpetrated frauds upon the Government or
that the Secretary of the Treasury is responsi-
ble. The power of appointment belongs to
that officer in some instances and to the Pres-
ident in others. When we charge that the
opposite side deny the fact, and say the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue is responsible.
Now, sir, I want to fix the responsibility of
appointing inefficient officers somewhere. Let
it rest in some head, so that we can hold that
person responsible and accountable to Con-
gress and the country for maladministration
