320
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[June 1,
Ho. of Reps.
Internal Tax—Mr. Schenclc.
40xh Cong 2d Sess.
lector, as well as the assessor, has certain duties
imposed upon him which he is expected and
requiied to perform.
Some stranger, some one of _ these fellows
with a roving commission, goes into a district,
elbows aside the collector and assessor, and
undertakes to perform the functions of either
or both of them, to make seizures, to decide
questions, and to do everything connected with
the collection of the revenue.
The consequence is that your assessor or
collector, finding his jurisdiction thus invaded,
if he be dishonest colludes with the agent
(who, without much violence I may assume, is
geuerallydishonest,) or else runs a little oppo-
sition '• ring" against liini: or if he be honest,
folds his arms, feeling that he is thus thrust
aside to make room for another who is sent
there to usurp his functions, and lets every-
thing go as it will. We propose to get rid of
all that by holding each assessor and each col-
lector to the strictestaecount for all that takes
place within his local jurisdiction, and not to
give him the excuse that some man comes in
irom the outside and exercises independent
functions within that jurisdiction.
There is another feature in the present law
which we have undertaken to sweep away, it
is provided now that a collector of any one dis-
trict may have a special commission to invade
any and every other district within a region of
country and perform the duties of collector,
assessor, and all other revenue officers within
these districts which he visits. There is an
example of this going on just at this moment
in the State of New York. A Mr. Bailey, who
is the collector of the fourth collection district
of that State, has a sort of general roving com-
mission under the law to go into all the neigh-
boring districts, to make seizures right and
left, and exercise all the functions of the local
officers, without either cooperating with them
or regarding what may be their particular
duties. Now, it may be that it was felt to be
very necessary to send one collector to watch
other collectors and assessors because one or
all were dishonest, and, in the opinion of the
Department, "rogues must be set to watch
logues." I mean nothing personal or dis-
respectful to Mr. Bailey. 1 am only using this
case to illustrate a vicious system and practice.
If that is not the reason, then it may be a great
refinement upon the idea of x-esponsibility to
send one honest collector to look after the
various other honest collectors and assessors,
and thus make the action under the laws, in
the collection of revenue in the different dis-
tricts, conform to tho action here, where
responsibility is thus divided.
But in framing this bill, we have set out-
faces against all division of responsibility. We
have provided, in lieu of these special agents,
a system of this kind : we propose that in each
judicial district, (except in the cases of Florida,
Delaware, and like small districts, where an
attachment to an adjacent district is suggested,)
there shall be a supervisor of internal revenue;
but instead of being a wandering officer he is
to be a responsible man, properly paid by the
Government, having a fixed office. In fact, an
officer to whom reference may be made, and
whose duty it shall be to supervise and report
upon the conduct of all the local revenue
officers within his district. But even he is to
lefer the cases for final action to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue.
Thus a system of responsibility from the
head downward is to be maintained. So that
if there be anything wrong in the division of
an assistant assessor, that assistant assessor
shall be held accountable. If there be any-
thing wrong in the collection district, the col-
lector and assessor, according to their particu-
lar duties, shall be held responsible for dere-
lictions and omissions of duty. If there be
anything wrong in a judicial district, the super-
visor of revenue for that district, who is no
mere temporary or ambulatory official, but a
man of responsibility, with a fixed office, shall
be held responsible. And if there be anything
wrong in the collection of the revenue of the
whole country, in tho general conduct of its
officers or their particular conduct in any special
district, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
standing at the head, is to be held responsible
for the whole and for all the particulars. But
I have already, I think, detained the commit-
tee too long on, that point, and I will leave it.
The next explanation I desire to make is in
regard to the particular portion of the bill
which relates generally to manufactures. The
policy of the Committee of Ways and Means,
according, as I think, with the general policy
expected and desired by the country, was indi-
cated by the act which was passed by the pres-
ent Congress on the 31st of March. Gentle-
men on the Democratic side will excuse me
for quoting a good sentiment; no matter whence
it comes if they are but fond of that kind of
literature; I commend it heartily to their atten-
tion. They will find it in the Republican plat-
form adopted the other day at Chicago—a
principle and a rule by which the committee
seeks to square its action. The fourth resolu-
tion in that platform declares—■
"That it is due to the labor of the nation that tax-
ation should be equalized and roduced as rapidly a3
tho national faith will permit."
Mr. BURR rose.
Mr. SCIIENCK. The gentleman will have
an opportunity afterwaid.
This resolution, Mr. Chairman, is but in con-
formity to the views of the Committee of Ways
and Means as declared by them in a resolution
familiar to this House, passed by the commit-
tee and made public in J anuary last, soon after
we entered upon our duties in connection with
this subject. We then declared, a9 the sense
of the Committee of Ways and Means, "that
while we would endeavor to provide for $150,-
000,000 as the amount of revenue necessary
to be obtained from internal taxes, the same
should, as far as practicable, be collected from
distilled spirits and fermented liquors, tobacco,
and manufactures of tobacco, stamps, special
taxes, incomes, dividends, luxuries, and amuse-
ments, banks and railroads gross receipts,
legacies and successions gross receipts, leav-
ing the least possible sum to be collected from
the industrial pursuits, or relieving that class
of interests entirely." Entire relief of the
industry of the country is not possible ; but we
thought one step was made toward it when, on
the 31st of March, there was matured and passed
through both Houses of Congress, and appioved
by the President, a bill, the main and most
important feature of which was the relief of
the manufacturers of the country from that
heavy ad valorem tax of from two to five per
cent, charged upon certain commodities. They
were remitted to a small tax on sales of only
one fifth of one per cent., and that only when
those sales exceeded in amount $5,0U0 per
annum.
We have carried that provision in regard to
manufactures into this bill, with one exception,
upon which I have no doubt we will hear in
due time from our friend from tho Northwest,
who sits in front of me, [Mr. Fekry. ] That
exception is the exemption of brcadstuffs and
unmanufactured lumber. I give my friend
notice that in the bill we have presented here
we have left out those exceptions, and we have
taken the ground that all manufacturers are to
be treated, not with reference to the particular
thing they produce, but with regard to the
capital they, employ and what they do with it.
and how much they succeed in producing and
disposing of. We tax the sales of the great
body of these manufacturers equally, and
whether any exemption is to be made or any
particular manufacture favored will be a mat-
ter to be discussed when we reach that point.
Following out the idea contained in the res-
olution to retain luxuries, if gentlemen will
look into this bill as it progresses they will find
that while we put only this two tenths or one.
fifth of one per cent, upon the sales of maoa-
facturers generally, we have giv.en less favor
to ma.nufactu.rers of certain luxuries; as, for
instance, the manufacturer of fine confection-
ery is cbarged_ six. dollars a thousand, or six
tenths of one per cent, on all over $5,000. On
ornamental jewelry we have charged one per
cent, on all over $5,000. On gold and silver
ware and fire-arms we have charged th-s man-
ufacturers one-half of one per cent. On bil-
liard tables and playing cards we have put one
full per cent. Our idea has been that, while
we adopt the general system of placing a tax
on the sale of manufactured articles of one
fifth of one per cent., we might still select cer-
tain articles used only or generally by those who
are wealthy and put a heavier tax on the sale|
of such articles. Such a tax will be collected
mainly, if not entirely, at last from the con-
sumers ; and those consumers will be limited,
in number and such as are most able to pay. .
Gentlemen will find a portion of the bill de-
voted to the subject of special taxes. Special
taxes are what were formerly known as licenses
and permits, for which an annual sum was paid.
Gentlemen will recollectthatthe Supreme Court ■
has decided that a law of Congress could not
be sustained which required the payment of
money for a privilege to carry on a business in
the future. They held, however, that they would
recognize the right of Congress to impose
spccial taxes on persons engaged in particular
pursuits, the carrying on of the business being
a condition incident to the levying of the tax.
Conforming to that decision of the Supreme
Court, for the last two years these have been
called not licenses but special taxes. In the
existing law there are fifty-one of these sub-
jects of special taxation. We have increased
that.number to seventy-one, partly by separat-
ing from the genera} mass of manufacture
some which were, as I have said, specially to
be regarded as objects of luxury, and partly by
extending this special taxation to additional
occupations which do not come within tiiecluss
of manufactures. But we nave made other
changes as to these special taxes. We not
only intri duce twenty-one more objects of
taxation, but we make alterations in regard to
particular subjects of Lax as now existing.
The retail dealers of the country are now
all subject to special taxes upon sales above
$1,000. We propose that small retail dealers
in goods, wares, and merchandise shall be sub-
ject to no tax whatever, unless their sales
amount to $5,000 a year or more. Thus very
small establishments for neighborhood conve-
nience, in the villages and at the cross-roads,
are relieved from any taxation whatever. We
have thought it was not so much an act of favor
toward these retailers themselves as it was an
advantage to the public to leave dealers in
future, below so small a limit, free from any
burden on their trading.
Wholesale dealers now pay one tenth of one
per cent, on their sales above $50,000 We
propose to put them on the footing of manu-
facturers, and charge them two tenths ot' one
per cent.
Lottery managers now are classed with lot-
tery dealers. We make a distinction in this
bill between managers and dealers in lottery
tickets. While we continue the present tax
I of $'200 on each lottery dealer we hold them to
I a strict responsibility, and make the managers
; give bonds for their observance of the law;
| and we charge each lottery manager who is
■ not thus distinguished under the existing law,
; $3,000 as his special tax ; and I am glad to
I know that this class of tax-payers have made
i up their minds to submit contentedly to this
j increased demand.
I We have taxed places of public amusement,
j theaters and other institutions of that kind,
| much more heavily than they are now taxed,
! classifying tlieui, but taking care in the classifi-
! cation to leave out all exhibitions connected
