3868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July %
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am not
sure that there is not some reason for the
proposition of the Senator from Iowa. There
are now twenty-live million gallons in bond.
In forty-gallon casks it would be six hundred
and twenty-five thousand barrels. We allow it
to remain twelve months. It will shrink four
gallons per barrel in that time, but it increases
in value so that it compensates for this shrink-
age. But the party who owns the article will
not be required to pay tax except on what his
barrels contain when he takes them out of the
warehouse. That will be a benefit even for
the twelve months, if it should be availed of
by the parties, of two dollars on a barrel. So
that while I have no settled opinions on the
subject I am inclined to think that those hav-
ing whisky in bond do derive a considerable
advantage from it, and that the Government
will suffer some loss as compared with any-
thing else that we tax in the "way of whisky. *
Mr. CATTELL. I understand that this bill
provides now that the whisky shall be gauged
immediately, and that the tax shall be paid on
the amount gauged at once.
Mr.- MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not so
understand it.
Mr. CATTELL. I do. I think the Senator
will find it so.
Mr. MORRJLL, of Vermont. I think not.
Mr. HARLAN. I will suggest that prob-
ably no harm would grow out of this. I haze
notstudicd thissubject as thoroughly as I ought
to have done, perhaps. I do not profess to
understand the whole machinery of the bill;
but I want to say in justification of thisameud-
ment that one of my colleagues in the House
of Representatives, who is on the House Com-
mittee oi Ways and Means, aud who has studied
it very thoroughly, informed me that there was
this advantage j but if the amendment were
adopted, as the bill will probably go to a com-
mittee of conference, if in consultation by the
committee it is found not to be necessary in
order to make the tax equal between whisky
hereafter made and that in bond, it can be
struck off in the committee of conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theques-
tiou is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the bill on
page 17, section fifteen, by striking out all after
the words " to be" in the second line down to
the words "the Commissioner" in the ninth
line, in those words:
Situated on and to constitute a part of his distillery
promises, to bo used only tor the storage of distilled
ftpints, of his own mojmUeture, but no dwelling-
house shall be used tor such purpose, and no door,
window, or other opening- shall bo made or permitted
in the walls of suoli wurohouse leading into the dis-
tulery or into any other room or building; and such
warehouse, when approved by.
And inserting in lieu thereof:
Selected by tho collector of thedistrict, by and with
the approval of.
So that the section will read :
That every distiller sha,!I provide, at his own ex-
pense, a warehouse, to bo Selected by the collector of
the district, by and with the approval of tho Com-
missioner of Internal He venue, kc.
I will say only a single word on the amend-
ment. The text of the bill requires a ware-
house to be erected at the distillery. The
larger distilleries in Kentucky already have
warehouses in towns or on railroads that are
convenient for sale and quite as safe for the
keeping of the liquor and preventing frauds.
The effect of this amendment, if adopted,
would be that each distillery should have a
warehouse, that it should be located by the
collector in the district with the approval of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and
that, it should be constructed in such manner
as those two officers should prescribe. ,
Mr. SHERMAN. This same amendment
was proposed in the Committee on Finance,
and, after discussion by parties interested, was
found to be utterly inconsistent with the theory
of this bill. In some cases in Kentucky they
have warehouses three miles off. If you allow
removal from a distillery to a warehouse three
miles distant you open the door to frauds, the
very thing we have been trying to avoid. I
trust the Senator will be satisfied with the ac-
tion of the Committee on Finance. Tie was
before the committee himself, but the com-
mittee concluded it would not answer to allow
this. I can go into it more fully if necessary.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. McCREERY. I move to amend the
concluding clause of section thirteen. It now
reads:
But any distiller who shall suspend work, as pro-
vided by this act, shall pay only two dollars per day
during the time tho work shall bo so suspended in his
distillery.
I move to amend the clause so as to make it
read:
But any distiller who shall suspend work, as pro-
vided by this act, shall not be required to pay the
tax during the time the work shall be so suspended
in his distillery.
Tho distinguished chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance very honestly and candidly
admitted his opposition to small distilleries. I
suppose it is one of the objects of bis bill to
tax them out of existence. I, on the contrary,
would do all in my power to extend every
facility and every support to small distilleries.
I do not think this is a just provision ; for after
a man has once commenced a distillery there
is no way in the world by which he can stop
the tax unless to kill himself or burn up his
distillery. I think it is a more just plan to tax a
man while bis distillery is in operation and stop
the tax when he ceases to distill. A vast number
of the small distilleries are unable to meet this
tax. A great many men attempt no more
than to distill the produce of their own farms;
they are not engaged in it more than ninety
or one hundred days during the year; and the
infliction of such a tax as this would destroy
their business altogether. They cannot afford
to pay it. Large capitalists might afford to
pay ten dollars a day j but the men of this
class will be stricken down and destroyed by
this clause of the bill under consideration. I
do hope that if Senators concur with mem the
opinion that it is the weak and the powerless
who need support, and not the rich and the
powerful, they will come up and vote for the
amendment which I propose to this clause of
the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I will make a single suggestion
in addition to what my colleague has said. It
will be observed that this tax of two dollars a
day for the time the distillery is suspended is
to continue after the distilling season has
elapsed. As my colleague said, the distilling
season for many small distilleries continues but
for a few months ; indeed, for the most of it in
my section of the country it commences about
the 1st of November aud ceases about the last
of May or June. This provision is that the
tax of two dollars a day shall continue during
the whole term of the suspension; that is, in
the recess of the distilling season. I think that
it would at least be proper and right in any
view of the subject that the imposition of the
two dollars per day for tho time the distillery
suspended operations should not be continued
later than the continuance of tho distilling
season; that in the interval of time between
two seasons at least this tax ought to be sus-
pended.
Mr. SHERMAN. The explanation of all
this is that it is only a daily tax on the author-
ized distiller, who must take out a yearly license.
If he runs, ho pays four dollars a day. When
he does not run, he pays two dollars a day. It
is necessary during the time of his yearly
authority to have constant watch over his dis-
tillery, whether it is running or not, and this
tax is simply to pay about the expense of
watching, two dollars a day. As a matter of
course that expeuse ought to be paid by him.
If he runs, he pays four dollars a day; if he
does not, he pays two dollars a day. It is a
very small tax, aud it is merely intended to be
a mode of assessing on him enough money to
pay for watching the distillery. That is the
substance of it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. McCREERY. I have an amendment
to offer on the subject of tobacco. It is to
insert a proviso to come in after the word
"pound," in line eight, section sixty, page
84. The clause now reads :
On snuff, manufactured of tobacco or any substi-
tute for tobacco, ground, dry, damp, pickled, scented,
or otherwise, of all descriptions, when prepared for
use, a tax of thirty-two cents per pound.
The amendment, I offer is to add tlie follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That snuff and smoking tobacco manu-
factured of tobacco stems shall pay atax of five cents
per pound.
I would remark, in support of this amend-
ment, that since the infliction of the high taxes
upon tobacco manufactured in the country,
stems, which were a very large item in the
receipts of our tobacco-growers, have become
almost valueless upon their hands. There is,
and can be nuder this bill; no home demand
whatever for the stems taken out of the leaf.
The only demand for that article on the face
of the earth known to myself is now confined .
to a single place, Bremen, and Bremen pur-
chases these stems at any price it may choose
to offer. They cannot be converted into snuff
and they cannot be converted into smoking-
tobacco, but they are hauled out and used as
manure upon the adjoining farm. No tax
whatever is derived from them. No revenue
is derived by the Government, and their value
in the hands of the owner is almost totally
destroyed'.
Where a law operates in this way to strike
down the value of an article in the hands of
the owner without putting a cent into the
Treasury, it occurs to my mind that a good,
honest policy would indicate the propriety of
a change. If you place the tax on stems at
five ceTits a pound, I have no doubt they will
go largely into smoking tobacco and into snuff.
But, sir, it occurs to my mind that it is use-
less to support my view of this matter by any
lengthy marks. I have no doubt that any
Senator who will give the subject the slightest
attention will come to the conclusion that it is
the duty of Congress to lessen the taxation
upon this article, to putitatanamountatwhich
the owner will realize something, and at which
some amount of revenue will be brought into
the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I can say in reply to
the Senator from Kentucky is, that the grada-
tions of snuff, tobacco, and cigars in this bill
are fixed, not only after consideration by the
committees of the t>vo Houses, but with the
assent of the manufacturers and growers of
tobacco through their organized committees,
and I believe every city and every portion of
the interest was represented. There is no tax
upon the leaf, the tax is upon the manufac-
tured tobacco; and the very thing that the
Senator now proposes to discriminate in favor
of, the stems, created a great portion of the
alleged frauds under the old system. By this
bill the tax on stem tobacco when manufac-
tured is sixteen cents. As a matter of course
I should dislike very much to see any amend-
ment adopted that would affect or mar the
symmetry of this arrangement. It has been
understood and now agreed on by the persons
engaged in this business. It would be a very
material reduction of the revenue from sixteen
to five cents on what are called stems, a very
indefinite term, that gave rise to a great many
frauds under the existing law.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. McCREERY. I have one more amend-
ment to offer. Section thirty-four, on page 43,
provides:
That it shall he lawful for any revenue officer, and
any person acting in his aid, to break up the ground
on any part of the distillery or premises ot a dis-
tiller, rectifier, or compounder of liquors, or any
ground adjoining or near to such distillery or prem-
ises or any wall or partition thereof, or belonging
thereto, or other place, to search for any pipe, cock,
private conveyance, or utensil; and upon finding any
such pipe or conveyance leading therefrom orthereto,
he may break up_ any ground, house, wall, or other
placo through or into which such pipe or other con-
veyance shall lead, and break or cut away such pipe
or other conveyance, and turn any cook, or oxamine
