186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
437
I take it he is not. The bill, with the amend-
ment, came from his committee. It has not a
word in it on any other subject than this very
question of the United States currency, the
United States notes, the legal-tenders. The
policy of the committee, as reported in the
bill, is to restrain the further contraction ot
the volume of that currency. The policy of
my amendment is to restrain its further expan-
sion. Is there anything incongruous in con-
sidering the two propositions at the same
time ? Or are we to be told by the Finance
Committee "You must not meddle with us;
you are premature if you propose to amend
our bills ; you must wait until some more con- j
venient season ; all that we permit the Senate j
to consider to-day is the question whether they |
will contract; if you get a chance to-morrow ;
or next week or next year we will hear you
on the subject of expansion." Mr. President,
I do not think it requires a vast deal of time
to show to the Senate and the country that
that style of argument is somewhat fallacious,
to use a mild expression.
My friend has been kind enough to allude
also to my prematurity in undertaking to com-
mit the Senate to my views. If, as a Senator,
I am entitled to have any views, and if I am
entitled to believe that they are views worthy
of consideration and are fit to be agreed to, I
respectfully submit to him that it is not only
my right but my duty to try to commit the
Senate and every member of it to those views,
if I can convince the Senate that they are
right, just as I yield to him the privilege with
great pleasure, and he is generally successful
with me of trying to commit me to his views.
What we are here for is, after discussipn and
comparison of ideas, to commit each other to
the views which on the whole shall turn out to
be the soundest. I therefore accept and plead
guilty to the accusation of endeavoring to com-
mit this Senate to my views upon the. ques-
tions on which I have introduced any resolu-
tions. The purpose for which I introduce res-
olutions is to commit the Senate to them. I
introduce them for the purpose of having them
agreed to by the Senate, if I can, and I be-
lieve that is the purpose which actuates the
Senator when he brings forward propositions.
I admit that I do not bring forward proposi-
tions so important or so well founded as he
does, but that arises from the difference in the
men. There is one glory to the moon, you
know, and another to a little star.
Mr. DRAKE. Which is the moon and which
is the star in this case? [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not claim to be the
moon. [Laughter.] So that we must not
expect that all our abilities are alike, but each
must endeavor to contribute what little he can
to the general advancement of the public wel-
fare.
My friend has said that a resolution intro-
duced by me on another subject is premature;
that its views are incorrect, as I understand
him. I hav  only to ask the Senator, and
through him the important and responsible
committee to whom that resolution has gone,
just to be good enough, in the course of their
duty, when they can find time, to report it
back to this body and not let it sleep the sleep
of death in their arms, and we shall see what
the views of the Senate are upon it, and whether
it is premature. Very possibly it is ; but I
should be glad when it comes up to meet the
Senator upon the question as to whether it
contains truth or falsehood—as to whether it
is wise to assert the truth or to blink it. But
that is aside from the present question.
Now as to the amendment itself. One objec-
tion that my friend has to the amendment is
that it commits us against passing any future
act which shall alter this, one, because the
phraseology of this amendment is " any other
act of Congress;" and that, in the plenitude
of his legal wisdonf, he takes to mean some act
of Congress that is not passed; that is, some
act of Congress which is not now, the time when
this amendment speaks of, an act of Congress
at all. I fail to see the strength of tbat point;
but if it will relieve the fears of my friend in
any respect I will modify my amendment, as I
believe 1 have the power to do, and, out of entire
deference to his opinion, which I have faith in
usually, insert before the word "act" the word
"existing," so that it will read "any other
existing act of Congress." I trust that will
satisfy him on that point.
The PRES1DEN1'pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont will be so
modified.
Mr. MORTON. Let the amendment as mod-
ified be read.
The Secretary read the amendment as mod-
ified, as follows:
Provided, That nothing i:    
existing act of Congress shall be construed to autlior-
Provided, That nothing in this act or iiv any other
"^ongress shall be construed to author-
ize any increase of United States notes or other law-
! ful money beyond the amount thereof now outstand-
j ing.
Mr: SHERMAN. I suppose the Senator
understands that that would cut off the reserve.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand that it would.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 ask the Senator if it
is his intention to prevent any increase of the
gold circulation also by the use of the words
" other lawful money?" I suppose nothing is
lawful money as defined by the acts of Con-
gress except gold and silver and United States
notes called greenbacks. There is no other
lawful money that I know of. What construc-
tion does the Senator give to the term "or
other lawful money" in his amendment ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Oregon
has found a worthy peer in my friend from
Missouri. I bow my head to both of them. I
do not think it worth while to make a further
modification to gratify my friend from Mis-
souri until I shall have finished what I wish to
say. Then, if it will please him, I will bo
modify the phraseology upon that point as to j
| help him out of his difficulty, if he really feels j
1 one. I do not think it worth while to do it at
! this time.
The real point is, after all, the one stated by
my friend the Senator from Ohio, and fairly
stated ; and that is, a difference as to what the
law now is. He does not—because I called his
attention to it so that he could not have misun-
derstood it or have forgotten it—he does not
claim to desire that the amount of outstanding
currency shall be increased except as it touches
the reserve. I put it to him distinctly; I said
to him that I thought the Senate had aright to
know and the public had a right to know, now
that we are considering this very question of
the quantum and volume of this currency,
what was intended by the legislation contained
in this bill on this very point. He does not tell
us that it is intended, and I take it that he does
not intend this bill, as containing an implied
authority to expand from the $356,000,000
up to the $400,000,000. His answer on the
j contrary is, that as he understands the law
there is no authority in the Secretary of the
Treasury to increase the present outstanding
I amount of $356,000,000 up to the §400,000,000,
i which was the original limit. Upon that
I we differ. He supposes the law to be as he
states, that there is no such power. I be-
lieve the law to confer upon the Secretary of
the Treasury the power of going up to the
$400,000,000 by reissue, not of the same notes,
they, as ray friend from Oregon said, being
destroyed; but if he had attended the meet- j
ings of the committee that we are both mem-
i bers of, which is trying to find out what has
i become of the money printed at the Treasury
i Department and at N ew York, as often as I
! have to see the printing going on of United
J States legal tenders he would see that they j
i are coming over by express loads all the time ;
i that the fact that a particular note is destroyed
: does not prevent the Secretary of the Treasury
from having plenty of other notes just like it j
and issuing new notes, so that the fact of de- [
struetion does not touch the matter at all. It
is the fact of the legal cancellation, as is stated
by the Senator from Ohio, if it is anything at
all. There are notes euough to be issued if
there is legal authority to issue them.
I said that other persons beside myself un-
derstood the law to be what I have stated—that
the Secretary of the Treasury has power to
reissue up to the limit, just as a bank has up
to its Chartered limits, the funds which are
put into its hands for the purposes of business.
There has been put into my hand by my frieud,
the Senator from New Hampshire, siuce this
discussion began a letter from a gentleman who
perhaps will commend himself more strongly
to my friend from Oregon on the subjcct of the
finances than I have had the good fortune to
do—Mr. James Gallatin. He says, speaking
of the power of the Secretary of the Treasury
on this very point:
"His power over the finances of tho country through
the funding of, and the power to issuo and reissue the
great volumes of legal tender money authorized by
Congress, it is not requisite that I should dwell upon
at this time."
And then he proceeds 
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to say that, I
have looked at that letter, and the fair reading
of it, considering the sentences which precede
and follow that one, is that Mr. Gallatin refers
to the power to receive these notes and pay
them out in the ordinary course of business.
He does not claim that after they are received
and canceled they may be reissued or other
notes take their place.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am so unfortunate as
again to be obliged to differ from my friend
from Ohio on the construction of language or
the meaning of language. Mr. Gallatin uses
the very term technically and properly used by
my friend from Ohio—a reissue. That is a
technical term. It expresses the very idea that
was first advanced by my friend from Ohio in
perfectly appropriate language in those very
words. It is different from the paying out of
the Treasury of this sum which is treated as cosh
standing as a balance to be used undoubtedly.
But no matter for that, because it would only
be the opinion of one gentleman ; it depends
upon the law. And now, Senators will bear in
mind, the objection made by the Senator from
Ohio on this precise point only is that it is not
necessary, speaking aside from the reserve, that
the Secretary has not the power now.
Then if it is not necessary, Mr. President,
inasmuch as it is a question about which we
; do not agree, whether the power exists or not,
if we do not want the Secretary to have the
power, is it not better to make it certain by
| putting on this limitation upon his power of
| expansion ? The Senator from Ohio Bays the
law is so now. Very well: I wish it were; I
hope he is right; but I fear and believe that
the law is not so now. If we both agree that
the law ought to be as he says it is, then let
us agree to this amendment so faT as going up
to the $400,000,000 is concerned, and that
will put an end to the question.
I am surprised to hear Senators object to
the amendment so strenuously and so stoutly
merely because they say, upon a disputed point
in the law, that it is unnecessary in order to
make the law clear. Did we not know their
frankness and candor it would lead ns to be-
lieve that there is something in the dark about
this—something that is kept back, and that
there is somewhere a hidden intention and a
hidden power which is to expand the volume
of currency again. I impale no sueh motives
to my honorable friends; they cannot enter-
tain them; but I say if we were dealing with
different gentlemen it would lead us ineivitably
! to infer that there is something in this matter
other than the mere unnecessary step which
they say we are to take in imposing this amend-
ment.
As I have said, Mr. President, this amend-
ment not only covers the limitation of thejordi-
nary outstanding amount, which was originally
limited to $400,000,000, but it cuts off the
reserve. Senators may suppose that that is
going too far; but if they will look at the com-
parative state of the public finances when tbat
reserve power was given to the Secretary of the
Treasury in connection with what it is now
they will see that there is no danger whatever
to be apprehended in saying that we will not
leave it to the discretion of the Secretary of the
