1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
both State and Federal, have furnished that
remedy.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
tell me where the courts obtained their author-
ity?
Mr. KERR. From the Constitution and
laws of the United States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They obtained it
from Congress, did they not?
Mr. KERR. They obtained it from the Con-
stitution of the United"States and the laws made
in pursuance thereof.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The laws of Con-
gress. Very well. If Congress may, by law,
clothe the courts with authority to execute such
a compact cannot Congress exercise the author-
ity itself?
Mr. KERR. That was no part of the com-
pact. There is no such language in the act for
the admission of Indiana. There was simply
a condition that related to the public lands of
the Government of the United States, lands to
which the State of Indiana never had any title
at all. That is all. There was no condition
attached to the admission of the State of In-
diana.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, Mr. Speaker,
I hope that this House and the Senate will
admit the State of Alabama.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think I will not
prolong this sort of discussion, for I do not
think it profitable.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to make an in-
quiry with reference to a matter of fact. I
understood the gentleman's colleague on the
committee [Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania] to
say that certain witnesses were examined be-
fore the committee. I understood the gen-
tleman himself to say that no witnesses were
examined before the committee. Now, I wish
to know precisely what is the fact in regard to
this matter. I understood the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to state that two
or more witnesses were examined before the
committee, and that the evidence which was
read here was a part of the evidence taken on
the examination of witnesses before the com-
mittee. I am assured by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] who is a member of the
committee, that no witnesses were examined
in his presence, and that he knows of no such
examination; and that the testimony which
has been read, and which is before the House,
is entirely ex parte.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have only stated
my knowledge of the subject. I was not
Eresent when these witnesses were examined,
ut I have no doubt they were examined. I
am assured by another member of the com-
mittee that these witnesses were examined.
This committee is a large committee, com-
posed of nine members, and we are not always
present at its sessions. _ It is my purpose always
to be present at its sittings, but I am sometimes
absent. I know the gentleman from Kentucky
has not always been present, although he has
generally been present.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask whether the com-
mittee has made any report? 1 understand
there is published in the newspapers a report
in writing on this subject. We have had no
report here. I hope the gentleman will answer
on that point.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, in the absence
of my colleague on the Committee on Recon-
struction, the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Bkooks,] whom I expected to be here to state
the facts in regard to this matter, as the only
dissenting member of that committee now pres-
ent, I propose to state the reasons why I op-
pose the passage of this bill. There seems to
be a good deal of doubt as to what occurred
in the committee. I desire, therefore, to state,
in the first place, that the bill I have in my
hand is the only paper which the committee
was authorized to report, so far as I know.
There was no report submitted to the commit-
tee that I ever heard like that which appears
this morning in the Chronicle. It was not
read in the committee, nor was it made in this
House. It has never been laid upon our desks.
I never saw it until I saw it this morning in
the papers.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me?
Mr. BECK. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
say the gentleman was present, although he
has generally been present; but I say that the
very first thing read in that committee after
we met was a short report which I read to the
committee, and which I was very much sur-
prised to find this morning was not laid upon
our desks.
Mr. BECK. All I have stated is that the
report was never read in the committee so far
as I know.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I pre-
sume the gentleman did not hear it; but it was
read in the committee.
Mr. HULBURD. I was present at the com-
mittee meeting, and I wish to say that the
chairman of the committee is correct in his
statement that such a report was submitted to.
the committee and read, and read before the
bill was brought up.
Mr. BECK. It was not read in the House
or in the committee room.
Mr. HULBURD. I heard the report read
myself.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman tell me
when?
Mr. HULBURD. I heard it read at a regu-
lar meeting.
Mr. BECK. When and where was that
meeting held?
Mr. HULBURD. Atthe chairman's rooms,
on last Saturday night.
Mr. BECK. Then I say I have never had
notice of any such meeting.
Mr. HULBURD. I had regular notice of it.
Mr. BECK. Then that was held at the house
of the chairman without notice to me or to Mr.
Brooks, so far as I know. It was a private
meeting at the house of the chairman atwhich
not one of the members of the minority were
present.
Mr. HULBURD. I cannot answer all the
members of the committee were warned of it,
but notice was sent to me that a regular meet-
ing of the Reconstruction Committee would be
held at a stated time at the house of'the chair-
man. I attended accordingly.
Mr. BECK. I never heard of such meeting
and never received any notice of it. I know
that the committee often meet at the house of
the chairman because of his feeble physical
condition.
Of that meeting T have no knowledge. I
never saw or heard of this report till this morn-
ing. It was not read yesterday. It was not
reported with the bill and is not on our table.
And I have this to say on that question of
testimony: there was not one particle of evi-
dence taken at any meeting at which I was
present. If any was taken on the Saturday
night meeting I was not advised of it. I was
at every meeting of the committee when it was
possible to examine any witnesses, and have
never been absent at any meeting in our com-
mittee room. When the bill came up a.nd was
about to be reported by the committee I asked
the gentlemen was there any testimony to bo
be used, and I was told that none was required.
The bill was put on the simple ground that a
majority of the legal voters had voted for the
constitution. Upon that issue the bill came
before the House and the country. It was not
put upon the ground that any frauds were com-
mitted or anybody prevented from voting. If
the fact that frauds had been committed was
to be urged here, why did not the preamble
state it ? It recites:
"Whereas the people of Alabama in pursuance of
an act of Congress" * * * * have
framed a constitution of State government, which is
republican in form, and whereas a majority or the
votes east were in favor of it," * *
"thereforebe it onacted," &o.
That is a simple proposition. It shows bat
a simple fact on its face. No-testimony is
referred to in any part of the preamble or
bill.
I hold in my hand eighty affidavits. I have
examined them all. All, or nearly- all, of.
them are signed by men who make .their
marks. Not one of them says he was dis-
charged from employment for voting for. the
constitution, or at the time it was voted for,
but at the recent election. He does nqt say
whether he voted for or against the constitu-
tion. Many allegations are made about the
election, but no one swears to facts within his
own knowledge. The committee do not ven-
ture to base allegations on any testimony, be-
cause if they had done so they could have
been successfully controverted. Very few of
these affiants could read or write. They were
not cross-examined. Therefore I was so par-
ticular to get all these facts out and have it
appear that the bill was based on the naked
question of a majority of votes having been
east for the constitution, as its preamble dis-
tinctly shows it is.
This is the first time, so far as I am aware,
that the majority have gone to the length now
proposed, to repudiate all their own acts, over-
ride all their own laws, and unblushingly and
avowedly punish the people of a great State
for doing what this Congress solemnly declared
it was right, proper, and lawful for them to do.
I have read of the treatment of the children
of Isreal by their Egyptian taskmasters, who
required the full tale of brick when the straw
was withheld. I have read the fable of the
wolf and the lamb, but I never, till now, sup-
posed that the principles of tyranny, fraud,
and oppression therein illustrated would, in
the middle of the nineteenth century, be at-
tempted to be carried into practical operation
by an American Congress. But it is even so.
Waiving, for the sake of argument, all ques-
tions as to the unconstitutionality of the recour
struction acts, (so called,) though that has
been demonstrated in every variety of form
in these Halls, on the hustings, and by the
highest judicial tribunal in the land, and admit-
ting, as I propose to do, that for all the pur-
poses relating to the adoption or rejection of
the present paper purporting to be a constitu-
tion, they are valid and binding on the peo-
ple of Alabama, that people have, in strict
accordance with their requirements, repudiated
and rejected it. And the only question before
us for consideration is, shall wc force the peo-
ple of that State to adopt, accept, and live
under the thralldom of that instrument after it
has been rejected by them, notwithstanding
the almost superhuman efforts that have been
made to force it upon them. If we do, we do
it with full knowledge that we are forcing it
for purely selfish and partisan purposes upon
a people who scorn, loath, and hate all. the
leading features of it, and who will properly
consider it as a wicked, cruel, and malignant
effort on the part of this Congress to still
further disgrace, degrade, and humiliate them
as a punishment for past offenses, under the
pretext of establishing civil government in
their midst. It would be far more manly,
more in accordance with that frank, open, and
straightforward policy which has iti time past
been the boast of American statesmanship, if
we were to throw off the mask which is so
transparent that instead of concealing it only
reveals our illegal purposes and proclaims what
the world already knows and sees, that we
intend to hold and treat these ten States as
conquered and subjugated provinces, and not
only to crush out the last vestige of civil and
political liberty there, but to insult, disgrace,
and degrade the white race, and place them
under the dominion—the absolute and unlim-
ited dominion of their former slaves.
Why, by false recitals and hollow pretenses,
seek to impose upon ourselves, (for we deceive
nobody else.) Why intimate, assert, or pre-
tend, as we do in the bill before us, that we
are about to impose that defunct and despised
