1822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
paper upon the people of Alabama as their
fundamental law under the assumption that we
believe that a majority of the people either
desire it or are willing to accept it, when not
only the most envenomed partisan in the coun-
try, but the most intense fanatic in this House
cannot lay his hand on his heart and raise his
eyes heavenward and say that he believes or has
reason to suspect that it is so.
The proposed bill reads thus;
Whereas the people of Alabama, in pursuance of
the provisions of an act of Congress entitled "An
act for the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2,1867, and the acts supple-
mentary thereto, have framed a constitution of
Stato government which is republican in form; and
whereas, at an election commencing on the 4th day
of February, A. D. 1868, a large majority of the legal
voters of said State, voting at said election, voted
for the adoption of said constitution: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Jiepresenta-
tiven of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the said State of Alabama shall be recog-
nized and admitted as one of the States of the United
States, and shall be ontitled to representation in
Congress as soon as the Legislature of said State, tho
members of which were elected at the election men-
tioned in the preamble of this act, shall have duly
ratified the amendment to tho Constitution of tho
United States proposed by tho Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, and known as articlo fourteon.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That said State of
Alabama shall be rccognizcd and admitted into tho
Union upon tho following fundamental condition:
That the right of suffrage of citizens of the United
States shall never bedenied or abiidged in saidState
on account of race, color, or previous condition of
slavery; and Congress shall have power to annul any
act of said State in violation or in derogation of tho
provisions of this act.
The constitution is perhaps republican in
form, as a gorilla is human in form, but it has
as few of the attributes of a true republican
constitution, especially in its oaths, as the ape
has of the cultivated gentleman. Not one
sentence, line, or syllable in it can be main-
tained in the sense in which this House is ex-
pected to receive it. It is true that a majority
of the votes cast were east in favor of it, be-
cause its opponents, in accordance with law,
declined voting, so that a majority of the
registered votes should not be polled as re-
quired by the reconstruction laws to give it
validity, and they were not. And even this
bill does not venture to assert that they were.
It is, therefore, true, beyond all question, that
the proposed constitution was rejected. Re-
jected in strict conformity with the rights and
privileges few and grudgingly given by the
reconstruction acts passed by this and the last
Congress, after three efforts so to amend and
patch them up as to prevent any but the friends
and partisans of the dominant majority here
from having any control over the proposed
constitution ana the legislation consequent
thereon. And now, when the work of the con-
vention has proved to be so infamous, oppres-
sive, and degrading that nearly all the seventy-
three thousand white citizens of Alabama who
had registered, and only about five thousand
of whom opposed the convention, refused to
recognize it, when less than two per cent, of the
votes of the actual white population recognized
and sustained it, and that percentage was com-
posed almost exclusively of office-seekers, and
needy, worthless adventurers, vultures seeking
to feast on the victims of Radical misrule, this
Congress is asked to force it upon that people
under the pretdnse that a majority of them
desire it; although only seventy one thousand
eight hundred and seventeen voted for and
against, and it required over eight-five thou-
sand to make a majority of the registered
vote. There never was a bolder, more unblush-
ing attempt to make this Congress stultify and
disgrace itself before the civilized world than
to pass such a bill as this on such a pretense.
Let us test these assertions b}r the facts. For-
tunately they are neither numerous nor com-
plicated, and being not only matters of record,
but records made and acted on by this Con-
gress, they can neither be perverted, misun-
derstood, nor misconstrued. They are so plain
that the wayfaring man, though a fool, need
not err therein. The simple question is what
rights had the people of Alabama under these
acts on the adoption or rejection of any con-
stitution that might be framed and presented
to them.
The act of March 2, 1867, among otfaer
things, provides:
" SRC, 5. And be it further enacted, That when the
people of any one of said rebel States shall have
formed a constitution of government in conformity
with tho Constitution of tho United States in ail
respects, framed by a convention of delegates elected
by tho male oitizons of said State twenty-one years
old and upward, of whatever race, color, or previous
condition, who nave been resident in said State for
one year previous to tho day of such election, except
such as may be disfranchised for participation in the
rebellion or for felony at common law, and when
such constitution shall provide that the elective
franchise shall bo enjoyed by all such persons as
have the qualifications herein stated for electors of
delegates, and when such constitution shall bo rati-
fied by a majority of the persons voting on the ques-
tion of ratification who are qualified as electors for
delegates, and when such constitution shall have
been submitted to Congress for examination and
approval, and Congress shall have approved the
same, and when said State, by a vote of its Legisla-
ture, elected under said constitution, shall have
adopted the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, and known as article fourteon, and when said
article shall have become a part of the Constitution
of the United States, said State shall bo declared
entitled to representation in Congress, and Senators
and .Representatives shall be admitted therefrom on
their taking the oaths prescribed by law, and then
and thereafter the preceding sections of this act shall
be inoperative in said State: Provided, That no per-
son excluded from tho privilego of holding office by
said proposed amendment to the Constitution of tho
United States shall be eligible to election as a mem-
ber of the convention to Irame a constitution for any
of said rebel State?, nor shall any such person vote
for members of such convention.
" Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That until the
people of said rebel States shall be by law admitted
to representation in tho Congress of the United
States any civil governments which may exist
therein shall be deemed provisional only, and in all
respects subject to the paramount authority of the
United States at any time to abolish, modify, con-
trol, or supersede the same; and in ail elections to
any office under such provisional governments all
persons shall be entitled to vote, and none others,
who are entitled to vote under tho provisions of the
fifth section of this act; and no person shall be eligi-
ble to any office under any such provisional govern-
ments who would be disqualified from holding offico
under the provisions of the third articlo of said con-
stitutional amendment."
The third article of the constitutional amend-
ment is as follows:
" Sec. 3. No person shall be aSenator or Represent-
ative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice
President, or hold any office, civil or military, under
the United States or under any State, who. having
previously taken an oath as a member of Congress,
or as an officer of tho United States, or as a member
of any State Legislature, or as an executive or judi-
cial officer of any State, to support tho Constitution
of the United States, shall have engaged in insur-
rection or rebellion againstthe same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may,
by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove such
disability."
The supplementary act of March 27, after
prescribing the oath that the applicant has not
held any legislative, executive, or judicial office,
State or Federal, and afterward took part in the
rebellion, provides:
"Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That at said elec-
tion the registered voters of each State shall votefor
or against a convention to form a constitution there-
for under this act. Those voting in favor of such a
convention shall have written or printed on the bal-
lots by which they vote for delegates, as aforesaid,
the words 'For a convention,' and those voting
against such a convention shall havo written or
printed on such ballots the words 'Against a conven-
tion.' The persons appointed to superintend said
election, and to make^ return of the votes given
thereat, as herein provided, shall count and make
return of the votes given for and against a conven-
tion; and the commanding generalto whom the same
shall have been returned shall ascertain and declare
the total vote in each State for and against a con-
vention. If a majority of the votes given on that
que&tion shall be for a convention, then such conven-
tion shall bo held as hereinafter provided; but if a
majority of said votes shall be against a convention,
then nosuch convention shall be held under this act:
Provided, That such convention shall not be held
unless a majority of all such registered voters shall
have voted on the question of holding such conven-
tion.
"Src. 4. And be it further enacted. That the com-
manding general of each district shall appoint as
many boards of registration as may be necessary, con • 
sisting of three loyal officers or persons, to make and
complete the registration, superintend the election,
and make return to him of the votes, lists of voters,
and of the persons elected as delegates by a plurality
of tho votes east at said election; and upon receiving
said returns he shall open the same, ascertain the
persons elected as delegates according to the returns
of the officers who conducted said election, and make
proclamation thereof." * * * *•" "And
when the same shall havo been so framed said con-
stitution shall be submitted by tho convention for
ratification to the persons registered under the pro-
visions of this act at an election to be conducted by
the officers or persons appointed or to be appointed
by the commanding general, as hereinbefore pro-
vided, and to bo held after the expiration of thirty
days from the date of notice thereof, to be given by
said convention; and the returns thereof shall be
made to the commanding general of tho district.
"Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if, accord-
ing to said returns, the constitution shall bo ratified
by a majority of the votes of the registered electors
qualified.as herein specified#-cast at said election,(at
least one half of all the registered voters voting upon
the question of such ratification,) the president of
the convention shall transmit a copy of the same,
duly certified, to the President of tho United States,
who shall forthwith transmit^tho same to Congress,
if then in session, and if not in session then imme-
diately upon its next assembling."
The seventh and eighth sections of the sec-
cond supplemental act of July 19 provides t
"Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That the time
for completing the original registration provided for
in said act may, in the discretion ot the commander
of any district, bo extended to the 1st day of Octo-
ber, 1867; and the boards of registration shall havo
power, and it shall be their duty, commencing four-
teen days prior to any election under said act, and
upon reasonable public notice of tho time and place
thereof, to revise, for a period of five days the regis-
tration lists, and upon being satisfied that any per-
son not entitled thereto has been registered, to strike
the name of such person from the list, and such per-
son shall not bo allowed to vote. And such board
shall also, during the same period, add to such regis-
try tho names of all personswho at that time possess
the qualifications required by said act who have not
been already registered; and no person shall, at any
time, be entitled to beregistered or to vote by reason
of any executive pardon or amnesty for any act or
thing which, without such pardon or amnesty, would
disqualify him irom registration or voting.
"Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That section
four of the last-named act shall bo construed to au-
thorize the commanding general named therein,
whenever he shall deem it needful, to remove any
member of a board of registration and to appoint
another in his stead, and to fill any vacancy in such
board."
If language can make any proposition clear
beyond dispute, these acts establish the facts,
first, that a majority of the registered votes had
to be cast on the question of a convention and
on its ratification ; and, second, that two modes
were allowed to the people of Alabama of re-
jecting any constitution that might be submit*
ted to them if its provisions were obnoxious.
One by a majority of those voting to vote against
it; the other by a concerted abstention from
voting by those who were registered voters.
Either course was equally legal and equally
efficient. The provisions of the act requiring a
majority of all the registered voters to vote at
the election were not put in inadvertently, but
after due consideration, and, no doubt, as
affording a pretext for Congress to reject the
constitution if it was at all conservative in its
suffrage provisions. But no matter for what
purpose it was put there ; and, being a part of
the law, it was as legitimate a mode of opposing
its ratification by the qualified voters, by re-
fusing to vote, as by voting against it. That
this was a mode deliberately and purposely-
adopted by those who opposed the ratification,
is a part of the political history of the eouutry.
The primary conservative county conventions
urged it. The conservative State convention
of the people of Alabama adopted it as the
best mode of opposition, and by resolution rec-
ommended it to the conservatives of the State.
AH their newspapers advocated it, and it was
well known, both to this Congress and to the
advocates of the constitution, as the mode
of opposition, most publicly and deliberately
adopted long before the vote was taken.
No man in this Congress or out of it, no
candidate for office, even in Alabama, ever
questioned or doubted the legal right of the
opponents of that instrument to defeat it in
that form as effectually and as legitimately as
by voting against it, until long after it was so
defeated. All the acts of the managers demon-
strate that. The election originally ordered
for two days was extended first to four and
then to five. Negroes were hauled froro one
county and from one part of the State to
another, and voted on all sorts of affidavits
and under every imaginable name, so as to
swell up the vote to the requisite number. If
