322
APPENDIX TO THE .CON(xREBSIONAL GLOBE,
[June '1;
Ho/ofEbps-.
Income Tax—Mr. Schenek.
40th OOKG.'.;:2B Sfes.
sent this bill iwithout. that present feature.
They have .taken the- ground that railroads
must be subject to taxation out of their pro-
ceeds in ..the same manlier as other corpora-
tions or as individuals are; - and if they need
relief'because <of being limited in the amount
thay.are entitled to charge they must seek relief
from the State or municipal, authorities from
which they have derived their charters or with
which tbey have made their'contracts. I heart-
ily agree to this decision of ray committee and
this amendment of the law, because it estab-
lishes a principle which I think clearly just,
and for -which I have always contended.
Mr, BLAINE. Does that' apply to horse
railroads ? - .
Mr. SGHENCK. 'Horse railroads particu-
larly are included and affected by it.
It.wjll.be observed that we have conformed
the.tax upon mineral oil to what was determ-
ined upon by the House, l-educing it from
twenty cents to ten cents ; and we have intro-
duced all the sections necessary to enforce .the
collection of the tax at that rate. I do not
know whether the Committee' of Ways and
Means will be sustained in this or-not. I am
not .quite certain whether they ought to be. I
do.- no not know but we shall be enabled to
show such a condition of the public revenue
that we may afford to put mineral oil upon the
footing.of all other manufactures. But that
will be a matter for consideration when we
reach that part of the bill. On the part of
the committee, I request that the House will
either sustain the committee by permitting the
law to be as it was made last March, or, if any
change be made, not to make again two bites
of the cherry,- but put mineral oil upon a foot-
ing .'with all other manufactures, and thus dis-
pense with a large amount of ^machinery re-
lating to .the collection of the tax on it and its
transportation similar to that which is pro-
vided for tobacco- and distilled spirits.
As-.to tobacoo,-we have made a great many
amendments in the law in respect to the manner
of securing the collection of the taxes. I will
not stop to dwell upon these changes now.
We have endeavored to make the law rigorous,
to make it certain of execution, to have the
collection through the medium of stamps, and
we trust we have succeeded in presenting sec-
tions which will accomplish in a good degree
these objects.
While on this subject I may say that while
the country has been astounded at the enormous
frauds committed in relation to the tax on
whisky, the case has not been much better with
tobacco. Whisky somehow or other enters
more into the politics, if not the daily life of
our people, and is therefore perhaps more
closely observed than tobacco is. But really
there is not-much to choose between them,
although possibly I ought to confess that whisky
is-a little ahead in the race of rascality.
We have not retained the present rates of
taxation on tobacco—forty cents, thirty cents,
and fifteen cents—but instead of three classes,
we have from the testimony submitted to us,
and from our investigations of the subject,
thought proper to reduce the tax to two rates,
and make them respectively forty cents and
sixteen- cents. We have also provided that
smoking and chewing tobacco shall be put up
for the most part,, if not entirely, in small
packages and marked with stamps. Under
this system the revenue from this article is, we
thmk, sure of collection, as it could not be if
the present system were continued.
The present tax on cigars is five dollars a
thousand. The committee submit to the House
the question as to the propriety of doubling
that tax, but this increase will not perhaps be
insisted upon. It seems that if the present
high tariff upon cigars is to be maintained,
taking this addition to the eost ultimately out
of the consumer, as is the case more or less
with all these luxuries, we might afford to
increase tfae-tax at home. But my own opin-
ion is that we ought to reduce the tariff, as not
affording the protection that was intended to
the: domestic manufacturer, and that in that
case we might, perhaps, afford to leave cigars
at the present rate of taxation, five dollars a
thousand, for the benefit of the cheap classes
of cigars, which might otherwise be driven out
of the market, and the manufacturer of them
broken down.
Have gentlemen remarked the great differ-
ence between the internal tax on cigars and
the tariff upon imported cigars ? The tax is
five dollars a thousand upon cigars manufac-
tured in the United States without reference to
value, thus giving advantage to the higher
classes of cigars, but not overburdening the
cheaper sorts, of which immense quantities are
manufactured. But the charge upon imported
cigars is so high that, a's I have already re-
marked, it defeats itself. The tariff is on the
average seventy-six dollars a thousand. It is
three dollars per pound, cigars upon the average
weighing fourteen pounds to the thousand, and
to this is added an ad valorem tax of fifty per
cent. Every gentleman familiar with the trade
knows that the average cost in gold of-cigars
in Havana is about forty dollars a thousand.
When you take forty dollars per thousand and
calculate threedollars per pound on the weight,
and fifty per cent, upon the valuation, all in
gold, you will find that this tax reduced to its
equivalent in currency is seventy-six dollars a
thousand. The effect of this great charge has
been that by concealment in boxes, under
hatchways, in pockets, in trunks, and by all
sorts of means usually resorted to for the pur-
pose of bringing in contraband goods, cigars
have been smuggled into the country in count-
less numbers; and instead of the high tariff
being as was intended a protection to our cigar
manufacturers at home, it has defeated itself.
These smuggled cigars, in quantities so enor-
mous as to exceed calculation, have come into
competition with the domestic article.
I will not add anything as to the next part
of the bill to which we come, as it relates to
distilled spirits, which I have already, perhaps
sufficiently, considered.
Before closing this very long exposil ion , which
I have been attempting to give in this familiar
and conversational way, I desire to submitsome
facts in regard to the resources of this country
and its expenditures ; in other words, its finan-
cial condition. I am one of those who believe
that, however we may dispute in regard to the
changing of one form of public security for
another, the amount or volume of the currency
to be kept up or its contraction u> be made—•
viewing this financial question iu all lights as
connecting itself with the public debt—there
is, after all. but one way in which the debt of
this country is to be paid ; and that is, it is to
be worked out. The industry of the country,
the productions of our labor and of our soil,
are eventually to pay our debts; and as this is to
be done, we have endeavored throughout this
whole system of internal taxation to take care,
as far as might be, to keep in view the cardinal
principle which I stated in the outset, that we
must equalize the taxes as far as practicable,
and make them bear as lightly as possible
upon the industry of the country, while yield-
ing sufficient revenue for the needs of the Gov-
ernment.
What is the condition of our country now at
the close of the long and expensive war through
which we have passed—a condition which
ought to astonish, and I believe does astonish,
the world ; a condition which will astonish
any one who looks carefully into the facts and
figures. To make an American admire his
great country and wonder at its enormous
resources, it is only necessary that he should
go through such an investigation as I have
attempted in reference to what are now the
prospective means of the country to meet the
great liabilities and burdens of obligation'pndfer
which it lies.- - '■ ■ ■ - - -
While I am speaking, Mr. Chairman, of the
Extraordinary capabilities of this country as
developed through the perils of war (and war,
as every one-knows, is always a profligate iri
its expenditures,) I ought also, it seems to
me, to pay a passing tribute "of admiration to
the people of this country, who have tmmur-
muringly and cheerfully submitted to all the
burdens necessary to be imposed upon them,
in ord-er that their form of government and
all that they held so dear might be preserved.
I propose to conclude what I have to say
to-day, as I have already remarked, by an
exposition in figures of what we find to be our
present conditition as to resources and esti-
mated expenditures. And I hope if, by this
exposition, I shall show that we are capable of
sustaining the country through its burdens and
advancing its prosperity, this good conditioa
and prosperity will not be madethe occasion
by anybody here for extravagance in his votes
before we separate. It is not only nefcesisary
to raise revenue, but there follows a necessity
to be economical in the use of these our great
resources. And in submitting the statement I
am to make I desire to say in behalf of the
Committee of Ways and Means that we beg
of the House that they will enable any future
committee, any future Congress, any future
representative in any sense of the Treasury of
the country, to make as good and better expo-
sition of affairs by adhering to the strictest
economy in the appropriations from the Treas-
ury, we may yet be called upon while we are
together to make. What I have here prepared
1 will read to the House knowing, although
it is bnt a dry detail of figures and calculations,
it will possibly be interesting to all who hear
me; yet, as I give it here it cannot carry
all its weight to the minds of the gentlemen
who listen to me, and so I beg that when
it shall appear in print it may, from its com-
mon importance to us all, command "your care-
ful consideration and your criticism.
REVENUE RECEIPTS AND NATION VL KXPEXMTtrHES FOE
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING JUNE 30, 1867.
Receipt.'r.
The receipts of national revenue for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, were as fol-
lows :
Currency $314,103,136 CI
Com    176,417,810 89
Total (coin and currency) S490,526,947 49
Expenditures.
Use expenditures for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1807, were as follows :
For civil scrvice (legislative, judiciary, executive,
and diplomatic)  $51,110,027 27
Pensions  20,936,551 71
Indians  4,642,531 77
Ji-ivy       31,034,011 01
War, exclusive ofbounties  83.841,555 80
Total ordinary expenditures 191,504 877 50
Interest  143,781,591 91
Bounties  Il.332.h5tf 83
Total expenditures $340,729,129 33
The balance of receipts over expenditures
for fiscal year ending June 30, 1SC7, was
8143,797,818 16.
By the acts of July 13. 1866, and of March
2, 1807, internal taxes were repealed or abated
to an extent sufficient to occasion an annual
loss of revenue from internal sources, taking
the returns of the preceding fiscal year as a
precedent, of at least $90,000,000: of which
amount some sixty to seventy millions were
, made applicable for the reduction of taxes dur-
i! ing the fiscal year ending June 30, 1887, the
|j balance taking effect during the succeeding or'
il present fiscal year.
