438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
Treasury to swell the volume of currency under
the idea that these temporary loans may come
in.
Mr. CATTELL. I desire to ask the Senator
from Vermont a question; and I am sure here
will come another trouble to my distinguished
friend, as the inquiry happens to come from
another member of the Committee on Finance.
The intention of this amendment, he explicitly
declares, is to cut off the power given to the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue a reserve, in
a certain emergency, of $50,000,000 of these
notes. He has already issued over twenty-three
millions of three per cent, certificates—say
$'25,000,000 in round numbers—payable on
demand, and there are other §15,000,000 of de-
mand loans due and liable to be called upon from
the Treasury at any given day, making in all
$40,000,000 of demand loans upon the Treas-
ury, which has just $25,000,000 in its vaults.
"Will the gentleman be kind enough to say how
the Government of the United States is to keep
its faith with its creditors by repealing the law
which provides for that very emergency?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will with the greatest
pleasure. The same state of things has existed,
only in a greater degree, for more than three
years, and we have not found that the Secre-
tary of theTreasury has got into any trouble yet.
It is just like my friend's bank—the amount of
his outstanding obligations every day exceeds
by hundreds of thousands of dollars the amount
of money that he has in his vaults ; and yet are
we to suppose that my friend has a broken
bank? Not by any means. The fact is that
these debts do not come in altogether. There
are now outstanding of matured and unpaid
compound-interest notes, as I n oticedy esterday,
almost ten million dollars in the public debt
statement of the 1st of January. Although
the interest upon them is now stopped and
they have got to a condition where they do not
circulate as currency, yet they do not come in.
The parties holding them are losing the interest
and they cannot be used as currency; that is,
practically used, because they are worth so
much more. That does not prove anything.
The assets receivable by the Government from
taxes and customs and other resources are
coming in constantly, and the Government is
constantly disbursing to meet various liabilities.
Those liabilities do not come in all at once;
and so the business of the country and of the
Treasury goes on with a very small amount of
actual cash in its vaults without the least diffi-
culty. Therefore it is an imaginary danger, an
imaginary dilemma, that my friend suggests—
that the Secretary of the Treasury, if we cut
off his power to use $50,000,000 in reserve,
will have obligations coming in upon him that
will exceed the amount of his cash on hand to
meet. It would be true if they all came in
to-day, undoubtedly, and it would have been
true a few months ago with this reserve if they
had all come in at once; but all know practi-
cally it does not occur, and we must legislate on
our knowledge of practical facts. That is my
answer to the very fair inquiry of my friend.
Mr. CATTELL. I reply to the Senator from'
Vermont by saying that although in all bank-
ing institutions the amount of its obligations is
greater than the amount of money in bank, yet
the directors of those institutions do not abso-
lutely pass laws to prevent the executive officers
from providing themselves to meet emergen-
cies when they occur.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the law limits its
capital.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Idesiremerely
to say, in reply to the Senator from New Jer-
sey, that the holding on the part of the national
bank! of these interest-bearing certificates is
merely a gratuity. There was never any law
that allowed the banks to hold the compound-
interest notes in lieu of legal tenders. They
usurped the privilege, and obtained an interest
upofl that amount that they were required to
hold in reserve. By a law that we passed last
year we ratified or rather cured this usurpation
on the part of the banks by allowing them to
hold certificates at a less rate of interest than
they were then receiving. There is not the
slightest danger that any bank is going to part
with and demand of the Government the pay-
ment of these three per cent, certificates when
they would be required to keep an equal amount
of non-interest-bearing paper in their vaults.
There need not be the slightest apprehension,
therefore, that the banks will ever demand the
payment of these three per cent, certificates
as long as they can be permitted to hold them ;
and if the Government was required to pay
them they only hold $23,000,000 of them, while
the Government has in its vaults over twenty-
three millions of currency.
Mr. CATTELL. I am very sorry to trouble
the Senate again, but I wish to reply to the gen-
tleman that the question of usurpation on the
part of the banks or the assumption to hold
compound-interest notes as legal tenders is a
question I am not prepared to discuss with him
in this connection. The banking institutions
of the country put it on the ground that they
were required by law to hold a given amount
of reserve in lawful money, and the gentleman,
as a member of the Congress of the United
States, voted to issue compound-interest notes
and stamp them as legal tenders, and conse-
quently they were assumed to be lawful money;
for their face they were receivable as lawful
money.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They were not so made
by law.
Mr. CATTELL. My friend from Maine says
they were not so made by law. I think they
were made a legal tender for their face, and it
was so stated upon the back of the compound-
interest note—not for the interest, but the face
of the note. They were never held by the banks
except for their face. For their face the law
authorized them to be held as a legal tender for
all debts, public and private, except customs
and the payment of interest on the public debt.
Whether the banks were right or wrong is
another question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is no
doubt they were wrong. But the difference
is this: the law provided that 'legal tenders
should be lawful money, but never provided
that compound-interest notes should be, but
merely provided that they were a legal tender
f°MrheCATTELL. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] omits to state that there
are $15,000,000 of other demand loans on the
Treasury besides these, and that a part of these
are compound-interest notes already matured,
held, not because they are desirable to be held
any other reason than simply with the hope
that the matured notes of June, July, and
August, which could not be exchanged for three
per cent, certificates, may be by and by so
exchanged.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to say that I shall
vote against the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] without giv-
ing any opinion on its merits, because I am
opposed to hampering this bill by attaching
any sort of rider to it. The apprehension
expressed by the Senator from Vermont, that
if this amendment is not adopted the Secretary
of the Treasury will have a right to reissue
legal tenders so as to make the whole amount
$400,000,000 again I regard as without foun-
dation. The law gave him authority to issue
to the amount of $400,000,000 besides the
reserve. When that amount was issued his
power was exhausted; and if it was afterward
contracted down to $350,000,000, or to any
amount, he has no authority without new legis-
lation to issue to the amount of $400,000,000.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont, on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. I have not been in the Sen-
ate during the greater part of this discussion,
and I should like to inquire of the Senator
from Varmont, who offers this amendment,
whether the effect of it is to preclude the Sec-
retary of the Treasury from availing himself
of the power contained in an act—the date of
which I do notremember—to issue an excess not
exceeding $50,000,000 over the $400,000,000
for the purpose of meeting temporary loans ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The effect of the amend-
ment as it now stands would be precisely that;
but on consultation with different gentlemen
I am willing (because I do not think he will
exercise the power) to compromise views as
far as I can, by adding to the amendment what
I said I should propose if this failed as itstands,
so as to except that reserve and to leave the
Secretary of the Treasury still with the power to
use the reserve if necessary for that special
purpose; and accordingly I have written on
the amendment which the Clerk has a modi-
fication, which I desire him to read.
Mr. DRAKE. With that explanation I do
not see any special objection to the amend-
ment ; but I should certainly vote against it
if it was in a shape that would deprive the
Secretary of the Treasury of the power granted
under that act to issue those notes in pay-
ment of temporary loans.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will read the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont as modified by the mover.
The Secretary read as follows :
Provided, That nothing in this act or in any other
existing act of Congress shall be construed to author-
ize any increase of United States notes or other law-
ful money beyond the amountthereof now outstand-
ing, excepting to the amount of $50,000,000 of the
reserve of United States notes authorized by law.
Mr. COLE. Another suggestion to which
I should like to call the attention of the
Senator from Vermont is this: the amount
of United States notes now outstanding is
$356,000,000 less the $25,000,000 in the Treas-
ury. It strikes me that the language of the
amendment would preclude the Secretary from
using those $25,000,000 for any purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That brings me to a
point about which I wish to make the amende
honorable to my friend from Missouri, [Mr.
Henderson.] It will be remembered that he
and I disagreed yesterday as to what the true
condition of that $25,000,000 was. Not so
much what its true condition in point of fact
was, but what it was as it appeared on the
papers. I took it to be cash as it is stated
there, deducted from the outstanding debt,
showing the $356,000,000 to be outstanding,
with so much more, whatever there was of it,
in United States notes in the Treasury beside.
But I learn, on looking at the accounts them-
selves in the Treasury this morning, that the
$356,000,000 represents the whole amount
outstanding, and that the $25,000,000, as far
as it is composed of United States notes, is a
part of the $356,000,000, and the supposed
excess of the monthly reduction is to be ac-
counted for in some other way, if it is to be
accounted for at all. That answers the question
of my friend from California and makes the
apology to my friend from Missouri all at once.
Mr. COLE. The amount outstanding, there-
fore, is the $356,000,000 less the $25,000,030,
being $331,000,000. It strikes*me still that
the amendment would restrict the amount of
United States notes to the sum of $331,000,000.
That is my view of the amendment, because the
$25,000,000 are certainly not any part of the
United States notes now outstanding; they are
in the Treasury.
Mr. CONNESS. The principal reason why
I shall vote against this amendment is because
I think the proposition involved in it should
not be made now in connection with this bill.
If the vote that we are about to take should
be regarded outside of the Chamber by the
people as expressing our opinion on the ques-
tion of whether there should be any more cur-
rency than we now have, it would not be a fair
understanding, I take it, of the opinion of the
Senate. I am not in favor of expanding the
currency beyond its present volume, but 1 can-
not vote for the restriction attempted to be
placed in that proposition *upon this bill. I
shall, therefore, vote against the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 17, nays 30; as follows :
YEAS—Blessrs. Bayard, Chandler, ConkliuR, Cor-
