1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
applies in general on the face of it to all the
States. It declares ageneral proposition, and
declares that no State shall be entitled to vote
in the presidential election nnless it has a gov-
ernment in harmony with the Government of
the United States, so to speak, and unless that
government is recognized by Congress, and
unless the vote shall have been taken under
that government. We all understand just as
well what that means as if it said it in express
terms; and that is, it means, is intended to
mean, for the present exigencies of the time,
to apply to the ten States which have been in
rebellion, whose governments have been over-
thrown and whose governments, seven of
them, have been reorganized—reconstructed,
as the common phrase is—upon constitutions
that the whole people of those States, with very
trifling exceptions, disfranchised for special
participancy in rebellion in addition to perjury
have set up.
Now, we are both aiming at the same result.
We desire to declare, in logical accordance
•with what we have already done, that the gov-
ernments in those States and the people in
those States whom we recognize are the gov-
ernments which have been refounded upon the
wreck of the rebellion, and are the whole peo-
ple of those respective States; and we design
to declare that any section or fraction of that
people, that body of the people who boast and
rally around the name of "the white mail's
Government," as they choose to call it, the
rebellious government, as it might more prop-
erly be called, shall not be permitted, against
this reorganized Government of the whole peo-
ple, to undertake to set up an election for Pres-
ident or for anybody else ; that is to say, that
we mean to stand by the settled order of res-
toration that has been adopted, and to declare
in advance to the rebels in that region that they
will not be permitted to present for count, at
the next presidential election, electoral votes
which shall have been thrown by an organiza-
tion, by whatever name you call it, existing or
to be created, that is founded upon the notion
that nobody in those States is entitled to vote
but the white men who by the old slave laws
of 1800 were allowed to vote ; and that no gov-
ernment is entitled to exercise such functions
there but the old governments that existed in
1860, or the new governments organized, or
attempted to be organized, by the President of
the United States in 1805 ; while at the same
time we mean to declare with equal emphasis,
that all the white men in those States, (because,
as to voting in those States now nobody is dis-
franchised unless the people themselves dis-
franchise them,) that all the people of those
States may vote for whom they please under
the government that has been established. We
do not have any desire to limit the free choice
of the people of those States for President; we
do not propose any legislation which is calcu-
lated to limit the free choice of those people;
but we propose that their fiee choice shall be
the free choice of the wliole people, and the
only method by which we can rcach the free
choice of the whole people is to reach it under
and through the forms of a government of the
whole people that has now been formed by the
whole people. That is the proposition.^
The Senator from New York proposes, in-
stead of saying in express terms as applicable
to this present exigency, that in those partic- j
ular States no government is to be recognized
by Congress except the governments that the
people have freely set up since; to say, in gen-
eral, that in no State shall any vote be recog-
nized or counted that does not conform to cer-
tain conditions. _ Really, in effect, upon a fair
construction, his amendment would reach
probably the same result that the joint resolu-
tion reported from the committee does; but it
is still open to some doubt and cavil. An in-
genious man, like my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Buckalew,] or the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana who is not in his seat, [Mr.
Hendricks,] might discover next February,
"when we come to count these votes, that under
this general clause there were some govern-
ments there that had been recognized by Con-
gress at some time, that had been founded be-
fore the 4th of March, 18(57. Therefore, with-
out going any further into this general ques-
tion than merely to have stated the proposi-
tion, I should hope that the Senate would be
willing to saj', if it is to say anything—and it
is very important for the peace of the country
that we should say something—exactly what
it means; that in these ten States, naming
them, the governments that Congress recog-
nizes are the governments that the whole peo-
ple of those States have set up under the au-
thority of Congress since the rebellion. That
is the whole effect of the proposition.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I think on
this subject we cannot be too specific ; we
cannot be too clear, and we ought not to at-
tempt to create any fog or uncertainty as to
what governments in the insurrectionary States
are entitled to be represented in the Electoral
College. It seems to rae that the amendment
offered by the honorable Senator from New
York approaches the subject with somewhat
too much caution. He treads as with a velvet
step ; as if he was moved by some apprehen-
sion that we should utter something in our
statutes unkind in reference to those States.
Sir, I have no such fear or apprehension.
As long ago as 1801, by a solemn act of
Congress, the President of the United States,
acting in pursuance of that statute, declared
the States specifically named in this joint res-
olution to be in a condition of insurrection.
We went to war under that proclamation, and
from that day to this those States have been
regarded, so far as the legislation of Congress
is concerned, as insurrectionary States, with
the exception of such of them as have been
admitted to the right of representation in Con-
gress.
We did not hesitate, when we passed the
first reconstruction act, to designate by name
the States of the Union to which that statute
applied. Why should we hesitate now? Why
should we not say, in so many words, that those
insurrectionary States which have not em-
braced the privileges extended to them by our
reconstruction acts shall not be recognized as
possessing the right of voting at the next pres-
idential election I I think the plainer we write
down our sentiments and opinions in our stat-
utes the better it is for us and for whomsoever
the statutes may affect.
Now, sir, we are in danger, if I have a cor-
rect prevision, of having difficulty in the in-
surrectionary States at the approaching presi-
dential election. We all know that at the present
time there is m each of those StaMfc a sort of
dual government, one State government hav-
ing been inaugurated under the proclamation
of the President, and in others a government
organized or in the process of organization
under the reconstruction laws. We know per-
fectly well that President Johnson regards the
latter description of governments as being ut-
terly unconstitutional and void. Weknowthat
he is of the opinion that the governments which
he inaugurated and launched into being by
virtue of his own ipse dixit and his own im-
perial decrees are the constitutional govern-
ments of those States, and that his purpose is,
so far as practicable, to maintain and uphold
those governments.
Now, sir, we may have such a state of things
as this in some of those States, perhaps in
more than one of them: we may have electors
of President elected under and by virtue of
the Johnson constitution, to use that expres-
sion for the sake of brevity, and another set of
presidential electors elected under the recon-
struction acts of Congress, and in pursuance of
constitutions adopted under those acts. It will
be insisted by the Democratic party, if I judge
the signs of the times correctly, that the elect-
ors chosen under the Johnson constitution are
the only persons to be admitted into the College
of Electors. Those electors will be chosen by
the original electors in the States, qualified as
such, not by law, but by the decree of Andrew
Johnson. They will represent the "white man's
government," so to speak, 'and it will -be in-
sisted by the whol© Demoeratiepart.y thatthesse
electors, and those only, are entitled to give
the electoral votes of the State ; while, on the
other hand, it will be insisted by the friends
of reconstruction that those electors have no
rights, and that, electors chosen under* tfce're-
construction acts are the proper and
electors. • ■ ■' ■ \
In order to remove, therefore, all uncer-
tainty, all disputation, ,and all cavil as to the
kind of electors for President and Vice Presi-
dent whose votes are to be counted, I prefer a
clear, positive, unequivocal declaration that
electors chosen under any other constitutions
than those inaugurated under the reconstruc-
tion acts shall not be recognized by Congress
as proper electors. Let us be clear and dis-
tinct." I have no fear of this issue. It is an
issue, or it may become an issue, I am quite
aware, attended with great danger, with great
agitation to the country, with marked party
divisions, and with party bitterness such as we
have not seen since the war itself was flagrant
and blazing into the skies.
I prefer the language of this joint resolution
to anything which has been suggested. It
makes the way clear, it expresses the purposes
of Congress distinctly, and it designates by
name the States to which it is to apply. We
know very well that it cannot apply to any
other States than those mentioned in this joint
resolution, and we know that it is intended to
apply to those States and to those only. Then
why not say so ?
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I do not
rise so much to discuss the merits of these
several propositions as to say that 1 shall vote
for that offered by the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmunds,] believing that it is more spe-
cific and direct than the other two ; but per-
haps any one of them would auswer the purpose.
1 desire, however, to say one word in regard
to tho importance of this measure. We have
been noting the proceedings of a convention
held in the city of New York, which has but
just adjourned. I have read the resolutions
adopted by that convention, the platform of
principles it has laid down, and upon which its
candidates have been placed; and I wish to
call tho attention of the Senate to the issue
that is presented to the country by this platform
and by the character of these candidates.
General Grant, in his letter of acceptance,
said, " Let us have peace;'' but the Democratic
party by their con veil tion in New York have said,
"Let us have war; there shall be no peace."
They have declared in substance, I might say,
perhaps, in direct terms, that the recon-
struction of these States under the several acts
of Congress shall not be permitted to^ stand,
but shall be overturned by military force if
they get the power. They have announced
that there shall be no peace in this country ;
that there shall be no settlement of our troubles
except upon the condition of the triumph of
those who have been in rebellion. This plat-
form and these nominations are a declaration
of renewal of tho rebellion. Let me call your
attention to a part of the eighth resolution in
regard to this very question. In speaking of
the reconstruction of the States, they go on to
say that the power to regulate suffrage exists with
"each State," making no difference between
loyal States that have been at peace and States
that have been in rebellion, putting them all
upon the same footing:
"Anil that any attempt by Congress on any pretext
whatever—"
That is, upon the "pretext" of the rebellion,
if you please—
" to deprive any State of this right, or interfere with
its exeieise, is a flagrant usurpation of power wluoii
can find no warrant in the Constitution; and, ir
sanctioned by the people, will subvort our form oi
Government."
They declare that the interference of Con-
gress with suffrage in States that have been m
rebellion, though that interference may be ab-
solutely necessary, as we have found it, to the
reconstruction of the States,is unconstitutional,
