1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a bare majority of the votes cast had been even
supposed to be sufficient, all that would have
been folly? as there was a clear majority of
the vote polled in its favor, and in favor of the
men running for office under it, from the very
first hour of the first day when the polls were
opened, as no votes, or almost none, were cast
against it or them. No manin this House, no
newspaper in the country, however Radical,
or however anxious for the ratification of that
instrument, ever ventured to assert, in the face
of the plain provisions of the acts of Congress
which I have read, that the constitution of
Alabama could be ratified unless a majority of
the registered voters voted on the question, until
the ingenuity of the Reconstruction Committee
discovered, after all hope of being able to as-
sert that it had been legally carried had van-
ished, that the whole thing was a mistake, that
their power of reconstructing extended even to
nullifying laws, galvanizing and vitalizing de-
funct constitutions, establishing governments
over States, appointing Senators, Representa-
tives, and State officers, according to theirwill
and pleasure, and that by one touch of the
magician's wand Alabama wou'.d spring forth
redeemed, regenerated, and disenthralled, a
phoenix, purified and rejuvenated. This is
guaranteeing a republican form of government
with a vengeance. The expense and mockery
of an election may hereafter be dispensed with,
and the Reconstruction Committee will see
that those truly loyal to their party shall be
rewarded and protected. Georgia, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, Virginia, and the other prov-
inces, are going to a great deal of unnecessary
trouble. In a basement room of this Capitol
can be found genii more prompt and more
potent than those of the lamp of Aladdin, and
i suppose the action of this House on this
question will show that their followers here
are as prompt to do tfie bidding of the great
magician.
1 suppose this will not be denied, that when
the people of Alabama determined if they could
to defeat the ratification of the proposed con-
stitution b}" absenting themselves from the
polls, they had the same right to use and em-
ploy all the means and activities to induce
others not to vote that would have been legit-
imate to induce them to vote against it if that
mode of defeating it had been resorted to; and
while I have no doubt that the opponents of
the constitution did all that lay in their power
to accomplish their purpose, I have no hesi-
tation in saying that the means employed to
induce the negroes to vote and vote again for
the constitution by the military, by the Freed-
man's Bureau, by the Loyal Leagues, in whose
hands all the power of the State is lodged; by
threats, by terrorism, by ostracism in black
society, were a thousand times' more illegal,
more potent, and controlling than any employed
by the conservatives to keep either whites or
negroes from the polls. It only requires a
glance at the machinery by which the conven-
tion was organized, and the appliances by
which it was maintained and supported, to
convince any unbiased minds that the oppo-
nents of the constitution were comparatively
powerless, and its advocates almost omnipo-
tent. The reconstruction acts themselves
placed them in that position. Still, if they had
fjeen honestly and faithfully carried out, the
white men of Alabama would have had a de-
cided majority of the registered votes, and
could have so far controlled the political des-
tiny of the State as to have prevented the estab-
lishment of negro dominion over them.
By the census of 1800 there were 526,431
whites and 437,770 blacks and mulattoes, bond
and free, in the State—a majority of 88,661
whites. Beyond all question there was at least
as great a preponderance in favor of the whites
in 1867 as there was in 1860; yet, when the
registration was made out in the fall of 1867,
there were 93,543 negroes and only 72,746
white men registered. If 437,770 of negro
population could furnish 93,543 voters, awhite
population of 526,431 would have furnished at
least 112,000 voters. By the reconstruction
acts only such persons as had been members
of Congress or officers of the United States, or
had been members of a State Legislature, or
had held an executive or judicial office in a
State, and, having held such office, had taken
part in the rebellion, were disqualified from
registering or voting for members of the con-
vention or on the adoption of the constitution.
All others were entitled so to register and vote
by the express provisions of the law; 12,000
would certainly cover all who were so disfran-
chised, leaving 100,000 legal white voters in
the State of Alabama, instead of 72,746, as
actually permitted, to register. Of course,
every white man thus deprived of his right to
register or vote was opposed to the convention,
opposed to its ratification, opposed to negro
equality, and to all the schemes which the
reconstruction laws and the military despotisms
established thereunder were intended to pro-
mote and carry out. Time would fail me if I
should attempt in detail to prove, as I could,
that the charges of fraud now made against
those who opposed this constitution are not
only utterly without foundation, but, from the
very nature of things, are utterly impossible.
No man could be a registrar unless he was
able to take the prescribed oath and was
selected and indorsed by the military and the
Freedmen's Bureau agents, at the head of
which stood Generals Pope and Howard, with
this omnipotent Congress and its agents super-
intending and controlling all. The convention
met November 5, 1867—87,672 votes having
been cast for it and 5,685 against it. It was
composed of one hundred and one members,
of whom sixteen were negroes, every man of
them, black and white, loyal enough to have
occupied honored seats on the other side of
this Hall. The convention finished its labors
and adjourned on the 6th of December, and
submitted to the people for ratification or re-
jection the paper we are now considering.
Before speaking of it I desire to call atten-
tion to a few facts relative to the convention
itself ar.d the members composing it. The
constitution is signed by sixty-eight of the one
hundred and one members. Of this sixty-
eight, according to the New York World,
whose southern correspondent has taken some
pains to get at the facts, thirteen were mem-
bers of different registration boards, conducted
their own elections, and signed their own cer-
tificates of election ; and fifty-six of them were
candidates for office under the constitution
they had framed, and many of them revised
the registration lists while they were can-
didates for various offices. But I prefer to
read from the Selma Times and Messenger of
February 28, 1868, upon this subject:
" The proposed and rej ectcd constitution was signed
by sixty-eight members of theso-ealled convention.
Thirteen of these sixty-eight men, to wit, William
M. Buckley, W. C. Garrison, R. M. Johnson, A. W.
Jones, H. McGown, Stephen Moore, J. i\ Morton,
H. H. Russell, Luther it. Smith, J, Silsby, II. S.
Springfield, N. D. Stanwood, and j. R. Walker, were
members of different registration boarJs, and, as
such, registered tho voters in their respective coun-
ties, opened the polls, conducted tho election on the
question of calling the convention, made the returns
of the votes, and signed their own certilicatcs of
election to the convention!
" Besides certifying to their own election, those
saints, in conjunction with six other members of the
so-calicd convention, signed the certilicatcs of eight-
een others of that extraordinary body.
" Nineteen in all of those who sat in the so-called
convention were registrars, with power to admit to
registration such as they pleased and to reject all
otheis, and in that capacity managed elections in
which they were candidates, counted out the votes,
and certified to the results.
" These facts are without a parallel. Only such
men as the radical leaders in Alabama could be guilty
of tho indecency of such conduct. No man with one
spark of honor or shauie latent in him could be in-
duced to occupy tho position of a candidate and at
the same time of manager of an election at which he
was being voted for. But nineteen of tho sixty-eight
authors of the rcjeetcd constitution did occupy this
doublo position, and thirteen of them signed their
own certificates of election.
"After the convention (so-called) adjourned the
patriotic frarners of the constitution hurried home
only to become candidates for offices created by them-
selves—created if the constitution should be ratified
by the voters undor the reconstruction acta and
accepted by Congress. Fifty-six of them at onoe
tendered their valuable services to the negro Voters
who were to control the now government. And nine
out of the thirteen registrars who had before certified
to their own election were of this number. -But .this
time nearly all the registrars in the State became
candidates; and, so far as we have heard, not one
of these men had the decency to tender his resigna-
tion as registrar on becoming a candidate; they all
proceeded to revise (?) the registration lists imils
prosecuting a canvass for office. General Hayden
saw proper to remove a dozen or more of these regis-*
trars, appointing in their stead men of unquestioned
loyalty; and for this act the vials of radical wrath
have been poured out upon his devoted head. 1
"We add here, from the World, a list of tho mem-
bers of tho so-called convention who became can-
didates for office under tho proposed constitution,
with tho birthplace of each and the office for which,
he was a candidato.
iVame. Nativity. Candidate for,
Ben. Alexander, Negro, Legislature.
A; J. Applegate, Ohio, Lieut. Governor.
W.A.Austin, Alabama, State Senate.
Arthur Bingham, New York, Stato Treasurer.
W. M. Black, Ohio, Probate Judge.
W. 1. Blackford, Illinois, Probate Judge.
Sam. Blandan, Negro, Legislature.
Mark Brainard, New York, Cl'k Cire't Court.
Alfred E. Buck, Maine, Cl'k Circ't Court,
C. W. Buckley, New York, Congress.
W. M. Buckley, New York, State Senate.
J. II. Burdick. Iowa, Probate Judge.
Pierce Burton, Mass., Legislature.
John Carroway, Negro, Legislature.
Datus E. Coon, Iowa, State Senate,
TomDiggs, Negro, Legislature.
Chas. W. Dustan, Iowa, Maj. Gen. Militia.
George Ely, Conn., Probate Judge.
S. S. Gardner, Mass., Legislature.
Jim Greene, Negro, Legislature.
Ovido Gregory, Negro, Legislature.
Thomas Ilaughey, Scotland, Congress.
Gustavus Horton, Mass., Probate Judge.
Benjamin Inge, Negro, Legislature.
A.W.Jones, Alabama, Probato Judge.
Columbus Jones, Negro, Legislature.
John C. Iteffer, Penn., Sup't Industrial
Resources.
S. P. Kennemcre, Alabama. Legislature.
Tom Lea, Negro, Legislature.
David Lore. Negro, Legislature.
J. J. Alartin, Georgia, Probate Judge.
B. O. Masterson, Unknown, Legislature.
C. A. Miller, Mass., Sec'y of State.
Stephen Moore, Alabama, State Senate.
A. L. Morgan, Indiana, C'ik Circ't Court.
J. F. Morton, Unknown, State Senate.
B. W. Norris, Maine, Congress.
K. W. Peck, New York, Chiof Justico.
ThomasM. Peters, Tenn., Supreme Court.
G. P. Plowman, Alabama, Probate Judge.
It. M. Reynolds, Iowa, State Treasurer.
Benj. Rolfe, Negro, Tax Collector.
B. I . lloyal, Negro, Stato Senate.
B. F. Saffold, Alabama, Supreme Court.
J. Silksby, Mass., Cl'k Cire't Court.
C. P. Simmons, Tenn., Commissioner.
Wm. Skinner, Alabama, Chancellor.
L.R.Smith, Alabama, Circuit Judge.
H. J. Springfield, Alabama, Legislature.
N. D. Stanwood, Maine, Legislature.
J. P. Storr, Conn., State Senate.
L. Perry Strange, Georgia, Circuit Judge.
Jas. R. Walker, Georgia. Sheriff.
B. L. Whelan, Georgia, Circuit Judge.
C.O.Whitney, Unknown, Stato Senate.
B. Yordy, Unknown, State Senate.
What power, compared with such as that
wielded and exercised by these men, could the
opponents of the constitution wield, when it
must be admitted that they never went near
the polls and had neither part nor lot in the
management of affairs. It is well that thi3
Congress and the country should know that it
is in behalf of this sort of men, only nine of the
fifty-four, and they, perhaps, the meanest of
the lot, natives of the State, that we are called
upon and invoked to revive and resuscitate this
defunct instrument, which, as weli from its own
vileness as from the corruption of its framers,
is a reproach to the civilization we profess to
represent.
So infamous were the whole proceedings that
thirteen of the members of the convention pre-
sented their protest and refused to sign the
constitution. Let me read some extracts from
that protest:
"But tho constitution adopted by the convention
violates the conditions of the formation of the Re-
publican party in Alabama by transcending the re-
quirements of the reconstruction acts and adding
features of proscription and disfranchisement not
found in those measures. The leconstruction acts
provide that by the constitution to be framed the elec-
tive franchise shall be secured to and enjoyed by all
who are permitted to register and vote by those acts;
tho constitution limits the eloctivc franchise to such,
of that class as are willing to accept the theory of the
majority in theconventionthatthe electivo franchise
is a natural right, and to seal their faith by an oath.
