186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
bett, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Frelinghnysen,
llai-l n. Morgan, .Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont. Patterson of New Hampshire, Sumner, Tip-
ton. Trumbull, and Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron,
Cattell, Cole, Conness, Cragiu, Davis, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Drake, Fowler, Grimes, Henderson, Howard,
Howe, Morton, Norton, Nye, Patterson of Tennessee,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross. Sherman, SpraRue. Thayer,
Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, and Williiuns—oO.
ABSENT—Messrs. Guthrie, Hendricks, Johnson,
Saulsbury, Stewart, and Yates—6.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to amend the bill
by striking out in the concluding line those words
■which relate to the discretion of Congress and
inserting " until the 1st of July next," so
that the law will remain suspended until that
time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania is to
strike out in lines thirteen and fourteen the
words '"Congress shall otherwise provide " and
to insert in. lieu of them "the 1st of July
next;" so as to make the bill read:
That soi much of the act approved April 12, 1866,
entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An act
to provide ways and means to support the Govern-
ment,' approved March 3, 1865," as provides that
the Secretary of the Treasury may retire and canceL
United States notes to the extent of $4,000,000 per
month, be, and the same is hereby, suspended until
the 1st of July next.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, this
bill should be either a bill to repeal the exist-
ing statute authorizing contraction ; or a bill
suspending it. In the form in which it comes to
us from the other House it is not strictly either;
it is a sort of combination of both, and it gives
a vague and general notice to the people of
the country that Congress proposes to legislate
further on this subject. It is to be kept open
and a subject of future agitation and uncer-
tainty with regard to what shall be done. By
the amendment I have proposed "Congress will
determine definitely what is to be done so far
as their action at present is concerned. Tak-
ing intoconsideration the condition of the coun-
try and the opinions which prevail throughout
the country, we can say that this law shall
stand suspended until the 1st of July of the
present year. That, sir, is the end of the
money year, the fiscal year. It is also about
the termination of the present session of Con-
gress. I presume we shall sit until about that
time, possibly a little later, and in the interval,
in the six months that are to elapse before
that time arrives we shall have full opportu-
nity to form our opinions in reference to the
management of the finances of our country ;
we shall be enabled not merely to consider
the Bingle question which is raised by the bill
from the House of Representatives, but to con-
sider the other questions pertaining to finance
and which are indissolubly connected with it,
the consideration of which is not independent
of but indissolubly bound up and connected
with the present measure.
Now, sir, it was stated, I think by the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, that during
these six months, for which time I proposed a
suspension of the present law, a large amount
of compound-interest notes will fall upon the
Treasury for redemption; they will become
due; amounting in the aggregate, if I remem-
ber aright, to a sum exceeding forty million
dollars. In that statement there is a basis
laid for a suspension of this law, whatever may
be the ideas of members of the Senate with
reference to our future policy. If the bill
* assumes the form proposed in my amendment,
I repeat, it will then be a simple bill of sus-
pension with a fixed date when its effect and
operation shall come to an end; and it will
afford ample opportunity, ample leisure to
members of Congress to examine the great
questions of finance connected with the cur-
rency and with the public debt, and to take
such action as will satisfy public opinion and
promote the public interest.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to protest against
this amendment as being virtually the defeat
of this bill. I would just as soon the bill itself
should fail as to have this amendment adopted.-
What the country wants to understand is, what
is to be the permanent policy of the Govern-
ment on this subject. If this suspension of
contraction is to be merely until the 1st of July
it gives no satisfaction to the people, but leaves
everything in uncertainty and doubt beyond
that time. How can men engaged in general
business regulate their affairs, how can they
calculate on the future, when after the 1st of
July this contraction may be resumed and go
on, and the whole matter after that time be
again referred to the authority of the Secretary
ot the Treasury? The people want it regu-
lated by law. If contraction is to take place
let it take place under the specific terms of an
act of Congress. If it is not to take place at
all let us say so.
Now, sir, the very evil that is complained
of all over the country is, that there is no
stability in the financial policy of the nation ;
that the merchants and business men cannot
calculate upon the future. The Secretary may
contract or he may not, they cannot tell. If
we merely say that we suspend the law until
the 1st of July, then the law goes into opera-
tioiuagain by its own force and without further
action on the part of Congress, and it gives
the people to understand distinctly that con-
traction will be resumed after the 1st of July.
They are opposed to further contraction at all,
and I would just as soon see this bill defeated
entirely and let them understand that contrac-
tion shall go on from this time as to have it
understood that, it may be resumed after the
1st of July. Let us have a permanent policy,
even if it be one of contraction. I would rather
have that than to have a fluctuating policy,
though it maybe a suspension for six months
and a resumption of contraction at that time.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator speaks
not in favor of the bill which is before us, but
of an imaginary measure which is not here.
His argument is in favor of a bill of absolute
repeal, without anything further. But, sir,
the House of Representatives, on the very
face of this bill, have given notice to the
country that they are to take up this subject
and consider it hereafter, and if there be any
uncertainty with reference to the future action
of Congress suggested it is in the measure as
it stands before the Senate rather than in the
amendment which I have proposed. In order
that the Senator's argument, and the measure
upon which he bases it should correspond, he
should move to amend this bill, and make it a
bill of absolute repeal.
Mr. MORTON. That is the present effect
of it, though not in terms. According to the
bill as it now stands there will be a general
suspension of contraction, a continuing suspen-
sion until there is further legislation. It will
require a bill again to resume contraction if
we pass this bill in its original form ; but if
we adopt the amendment of the Senator con-
traction will be resumed after the 1st of July
without any action of Congress. If, however,
we pass the bill as a general suspension meas-
ure there can be no further contraction until
Congress shall take further action.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I understood him to say
yesterday that his chief motive in favoring this
bill was a wish to establish upon a lasting and
stable footing the prospects of the currency
for the years 1868 and 1869. He named those
years as the years during which, at least, he
wanted the whole business public to know what
they might expect. Now, I beg him to tell
me how, under an act which upon its face is an
advertisement that it is intended as a mere
temporary measure to be put an end to with-
out notice whenever a majority of the two
Houses of Congress see fit to take np the sub-
ject, he is going to establish that stability which
he truly says the country needs; and- how he
can say that there ought not to be some time—
if not that indicated by the pending amendment
then some other time—before which contrac-
tion shall not begin, or, at least, some provis-
ion made in the bill that some event if not
some period- shall transpire before the policy
may be resumed?
1 intended only to ask the Senator a ques-
tion, but as he has taken his seat and as I am
uj> I will make one other remark, with his per-
mission. . It seems to me that nothing could
be more ill-advised for the purpose of estab-
lishing stability and fixing the basis upon which
men are to contract to buy or sell in the future
than this very proposition, if, in law, it means
what it is commended to us as meaning by
the committee from which it comes. It is
presented as a temporary measure; a measure
to stand pending the consideration of financial
questions at large. In that view, it seems to
me, it is a very unhappy conception, because
here lies the bill upon the table; Congress is
to be in session for months to come; upon the
table also is a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury saying not only that he will not, but
that he cannot, contract the currency. When-
ever that letter proves an unsafe reliance and
he does in truth begin to contract we have
in our hands the power in an hour to arrest
that action on his part.
Therefore I say it seems to me an infelicitous
contrivance if it be merely to prevent in truth
for the present a contraction of the currency.
It appears to be conceded on all hands that the
condition of the finances of the country and
of the Treasury Department is such that for
the present there will be no contraction. If
in truth that is false, then by simply leaving the
bill upon our table, subject to be taken up at
any time, we have the whole check necessary
in that regard ; but if, on the contrary, embra-
cing the propositions submitted yesterday by
the Senator from Indiana, the wish of the Senate
is to provide ahead to the end that a man may
not be afraid next month to manufacture arti-
cles for fear that six months thereafter they
will shrink in value ; to the end that men may
not be afraid to make contracts to buy and sell
for fear that in the end values may be changed ;
if that be the wish then I ask the Senator from
Indiana again, Why not fix some period dur-
ing which that stability is to exist, and not
leave it to the mutations and fluctuations which
arise in Congress, affected by the tides of
popular sentiment as they rise and fall out-
side?
I do not mean to go into any general discus-
sion of this subject, although I had at one time
intended to submit some remarks upon it. The
disposition of the Senate seems to be clear to
pass something of this sort; bit I make the
suggestion in the hope of inducing the Senator
from Indiana and others who occupy his posi-
tion to consent to some period—if not the
period named in this amendment some other
period—during which both classes of men, those
who favor expansion and those who favor con-
traction, may know that they have a certain
thing to rely upon in place of resting upon the
mere uncertain promise of something that may
occur by and by to be terminated without notice
whenever a majority of Congress shall see fit to
Mr. MORTON. If contraction after the 1st
of July will be a good thing, it will be a good
thing between this and the 1st of July. If
we are to have contraction let it be a contin-
uous, regular system, and not go by jumps,
not have it irregular, because that does more
to disturb the business of the country than
anything else.
Now, Mr. President, I am not responsible
for the bill being in this shape. As it came
from the House, it was an unconditional re-
peal of the law authorizing the contraction of
$4,000,000 a month ; but the Committee on'
Finance saw proper to put it in this form, and
for one I was willing to accept it, believing
that it was the same in substance. If this bill
passes, making a general and continuous sus-
pension of contraction, it will take an original
bill to remove this suspension and authorize
contraction again. If we repeal the law out-
right, it will then take simply an original bill
to reinstate it. In other words, it will take
precisely the same action on the part of Con-
