324
Ho. of Reps.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
^:=rrr=3=^:r===rrr:=r=^-   *"
[June 1,
Income Tax—Mr. Bchencfc.
40th Cons....2d Sbss,
three charters ■ of the present fiscal year, or
from July 1, 1SS67, to March 31, 1868, the re-
ceipts from miscellaneous sources, other than'
the premium on gold, were $19,415,280 60, or
at the rate of $25,837,000 for the entire year.
Those,receipts were in great part derived from
the. sale.pf military stores, vessels, and other
condemned property, and are certain to be
much less in the future. During the last ten
months the amount of unexpended requisi-
tions, and sales of property covered into the
Treasury from the War Department amounted
to $8,912,800.
RECAPITULATION,
A recapitulation qi these estimates gives
the following as the total anticipated revenue
for the next fiscal year.
Customs    $163,000,000
Interna) revenue  210,5b(),000
Public 1mi(Ts.~. :  1,000,000
Miscellaneous  30,000,000
'iotrf  $106,580,000
Supposing no increase of receipts from dis-
tilled spirits and tobacco over the receipts for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, this esti-
mate would be reduced to $300,560,000. De-
ducting the estimate of expenditures for the
next iispa,l year, $352,320,029, the balance to
account of surplus revenue would be §18,-
230,371. liut with the estimated increase of
receipts from, spirit? and tobacco, this balance
would be $54,239,371.
Gentlemen may be astonished at this show-
ing, yet 1 think it is not an unfair one ; for I
am of opinion that evgn if we should exempt
petroleum oil from all internal taxation, the
revenue from 'internal taxes other than on
tobacco and distilled spirits, would be about
the same as during the last, fiscal year; and
Lheri, if I amright in my estimates concerning
the revenue to be derived from distilled spirits
and tobacco, we shall be able to piesent a bal-
ance of receipts over expenditures for the next
fiscal,year far beyond what the most sanguine
have anticipated. 1 am highly gratified that I
am able to make this exhibit, for I think there
has been a disposition to underestimate our
resources, and also, perhaps, the expenditures
that are likely to be made during tiie nextfiscal
year.
Mr. .BROOKS. What will be the expenses
of the War Department for the next fiscal
year ?
Mr. SCIIENCK. The gentleman asks in
regard to the expenditures of the War Depart-
ment. I am glad of an opportunity to give
hi'm'some explanations in that connection.
The expenditures of the War Department
for the coming fiscal year were originally esti-
mated by General Grant, as Secretary of War
ad interim, at §51,039,134 20. He carefully
revised that estimate in December and reduced
it to the sum of $37,511,512 20.
Disregarding these estimates made by the
competent and responsible head of the War
Department, aided by long-experienced and
able'burean officers, the Treasury Department
assumes that General Grant's estimates are
too lowund will not meet the expenditure, and
that a large deficiency will have to be provided
for.
In opposition. t<? this view, and in support
of General Grant'-s reduced estimate, it is to
be noted that the war expenditures of the
current fiscal year, estimated at $123,000,000,
are not a proper measure for the estimates of
the coming year for various reasons, of which
some of the principal triajr here be specified.
The expenditures foi 'the year about to
expire included large p'ayments consequent
upon Indian hostilities and armies employed
by department commanders against frontier
Indians, the cost of which has been variously
estimated at from twenty to thirty millions.
No Indian hostilities now exist or are appre-
hended ; no army or large force is now in the
field, but the troops are so disposed under the
skillful command of General Sheridan that
there is no probability of any serious hostilities
nor occasion for unusual expense for supplies,
transportation, subsistence or other extraor-
dinary military expenditure on the western
frontier.
This condition admits, also, of a reduction of
troops and consequent transportation and sup-
plies, thus diminishing the expenses of the
Quartermaster's Bureau ; to which must be also
added a reduction in the pay of the Army, con-
sequent on a reduction of the forces. The
total reduction under these heads, will, it is
estimated, be also about nine million dollars.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whose remarks are those? He seemed
to bo reading.
Mr. SCHENCK. They are my own remarks.
I have derived my data from various sources,
fiom the Treasury Department, from General
Grant, and from the late Secretary of War; and
in all this examination I . have been most
materially aided by the able and efficient Special
Commissioner of Revenue.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me ask the gentleman,
who is a reader of the newspapers as well as
myself, how he can arrive at the conclusions
that the Indian expenditures will be so much
less the coming year, when the indications are
already on the frontier that the Indians are
very troublesome ; for example, on the Pacific
railroad, which is now running six hundred
miles, it is unsafe to run a train without send-
ing a locomotive in advance to look out for the
Indians, and when station-guards on the lino of
the road, in several places, have been killed by
the Indians. There seems to be ho safety as yet
on that great line of road, and I wish to inquire
how the gentleman arrives at the conclusion
that the expenditures of the Indian department
arc to be so much less for the coining year than
the present fiscal year.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
giving the gentleman and the country not
only these facts and conclusions, in which
I feel fully sustained by the information I
have obtained, but also the sources of my
information to the fullest extent. We get the
first facts in regard to the actual expenditure
during the last year, carefully made up, on
application at the 'Treasury Department. We
have consulted the officials at the War Depart-
ment in regard to the probabilities for the
future ; and not satisfied with that, we have
applied in poison—I have dono so, and so has
the Special Commissioner of the Revenue—
to General Grant; and have had a full and
free consultation with and advice from him
as to what will be, according to the present
prospect of things on the frontier, the prob-
able expense arising from Indian difficulties
in the coming year.
Mr. BROOKS. These, then, are but sur-
mises, guesses, which more or lass all of us will
make from our general knowledge of public
affairs, and of which we will be as likely to be
as well informed as military men—I mean the
probability of future hostilities by the Indians.
Mr. SCHENCK. No sir; not guessing. I
thinkthegentlemanhasnotregarded the explan-
ation that I have been giving. When I say that
there are no Indian hostilities existing to any
great andorganized extent now, nor likely to be,
I am but stating the actual factof the day. And
I will further illustrate the explanation by adding
that during the last fiscal year we not only had
Indian hostilities, but active operations con-
ducted by large armies collected in the field to
move against them. General Hancock, for
instance, thought it advisable to resist Indian
hostilities and to seek to crush out any move-
ments on their part by assembling many thou-
sands of men together in a moving army. Gen-
eral Augur was also sent North, I believe,
upon the plains, with a large assembled army.
There are no such assembled armies upon the
frontier now. A disposition has been made
of our troops on the frontier, under General
Sheridan, by establishing them at the different
posts- from which relief may be afforded to
different parts of the country, and any hostile
demonstrations made at once repelled. And
the gentleman needs not to be informed, nor
does any one, that it is these large assembled
armies, with the enormous cost of transporta-
tion and of quartermaster stores, which add
so very much to the expense either on the
frontier or- wherever else military operations
are conducted.
Mr. BROOKS. Once more, for informa-
tion. I am not seeking party objects; but the
last newS from Oregon brings a report of an
Indian fight there and the loss of some lives
on our side. And if the gentleman heard the
debate the other day respecting the Navajo
Indians it would seem to be necessary to keep
a large force there. What I mean to say is this :
during the last year on the Missouri river, on
the Platte, at Denver, and-in various parts of
the Indian country, it costs as.much to support
and feed them or more as on the route of the
Pacific railroad.
Mr. SCHENCK. I beg pardon. The gen-
tleman seems to know very little of military
operations 
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know much, and
I never wish to.
Mr. SCHENCK. lie knows very little of
military operations if he has not observed that
an army in motion, with all its enormous
demands, especially for transportation, is in a
very much more expensive condition than an
army in posts or inactive.
But 1 have been drawn away from the explan-
ation which I was aboutto give, and which will
be open to the criticism of the gentleman, if in
any respect ho thinks I have been misled or have
come to wrong conclusions, when he shall have
veen the whole presented together. Unless he
desires to interrupt me further, 1 will proceed
with the explanation.
Mr. BROOKS. I beg the gentleman's par-
don for interrupting him.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is not necessary.
I have been glad to explain.
I was speaking at the time I was interrupted
of a reduction ofexpenditures consequent upon
a reduction of the pay of the Army. Gentle-
men may ask how is this arrived at. Simply
thus: upon application to the General of the
Army I find that under the system of economy
adopted by him, and upon which he based his
estimate for $37,000,000 for the War Depart-
ment a few months a<>o, was a proposed reduc-
tion of the rank and file of the Army to the
minimum of the eompauies and regiments, and
in pursuance of that arrangement, soldiers are
being discharged at the rate of eight hundred
men per month. It is a matter of mathemat-
ical calculation, then, how far such reduction
will reduce the demand for expenditures on
that account.
The Treasury estimate includes also the sum
paid for soldiers/ bounties under the act of Con-
gress. But this sum is in no sense a regular
expenditure of the military establishment. For
convenience examinations and payments are
made through the pay bureau of the Army : but
in every practical sense the bounties arc a
special expenditure, not chargeable, nor to be
provided for as a current expenditure of the
War Department; so that it is not properly-
embraced in the war estimates of that. Depart-
ment. The amount of this expenditure for
the cuirent year is estimated by the Treasury
Department at an average of £20.700.000 for
the ten mouths past. Striking this bounty item
from the regular war estimates, to which it
duos not belong, would reduce the Treasury
estimate for the year about thirty-two tnilllion
dollars.
h urther reduction of the Treasury estimates
for the ensuing fiscal year, based on the ex-
penses of tile current year, should be ina.de by
striking out the payments made on Treasury
settlements of State claims for war expenses,
