1824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
Again* each elector is required to swear never to alter
his political conduct, even if his political views should
undergo a change; tho constitution provides a mod©
for its amendment, but cach elector must swear that
he will never seek to exercise that constitutional
right in a certain direction 1
"The evils of universal suffrage may become in-
tolerable, but he must swear that he will endure
them without even a peaceful and constitutional
effort at amelioration." * * * * *
"But the chief reason which leads us to conclude
that no nope of (rood government for our State, un-
der the constitution framed by the convention, can
b& indulged is, that a close observation of th e course
of the convention has demonstrated to us that under
the proposed system of universal suffrage the polit-
ical power of the blacks is coveted by a set of polit-
ical adventurers having no interest in common with
our people as a weapon of offense to be wielded by
them to accomplish theirown selfish schemes of per-
sonal aggrandizement, and that this race will readily
surrender itself to the acts and intrigues of such
designing knaves as will flatter their vanity and en-
courage them in a jealous hate of the white inhab-
itants of the State.
"The drilled phalanx of colored delegates in the
convention, witli one honorable exception, moving
as subserviently at tho back of their managers as
ever slaves did at the command of a master, renders
argument upon this point unnecessary. The subserv-
ience of a government framed on this constitution
to tho more ignorant class may well bo argued from
tho subservience displayed toward them by the con-
vention. " ****** * *
measure was introduced by Mr. Wilhite, of
Winston county, declaring against tho policy of
amalgamation, which ho asked might bo incorpor-
ated in the constitution. This was referred to tho
oommittoo of the judiciary, which reported unani-
mously in favor of the measure, and submitted an
artielcfor adoption into the constitution piuhibiting
marriage between whites and negroes. Out of cx-
cessivo deforence to the sensibilities of the colored
delegates the convention laid this articl e on tho table,
and many members of the committee who had con-
curred in the report of the committee, receding from
their position, voted to lay it on the table.
"It must be apparent to every one who witnessed
the proceedings of the convention, or who will take
tho trouble to read thetn, that those who claim the
peculiar championship of tho negro cause are deter-
mined to make a merit with them of trampling upon
the pride of race of the old inhabitants of the State,
and treating it as a prejudicenotcvon to be tolerated,
but which it is their mission to eradicate.
"Wo regard it ascertain that the effect of the work-
ings of a government framed on tho provisions of
this constitution and conducted by those into whoso
hands it will fall will be to cause the abasement and
degradation of the people of this State, and finally
to beget a mongrel race as little capable of progress
or improvemont as tho unhappy population of tho
West India isles.
" Entertaining these views, we feel that we owe it
as a duty to the people of tho State to give this public
expression to them, and to warn agains t lending them-
selves to the constitution when suhmitted to them.
Wo know not what fato may be in store for us, but it
can scarcely be worse than that which we shall bring
on ourselves by aiding in carrying this constitution
into effect.
"It may bo said that as we object to this measure,
which its advocates recommend as a means of relief
from our present troubles, we should point out some-
thing bettor. Wo do not assume tho right to indicate
any plan, but we have felt it a duty to point out dan-
gers which were moro apparont to us than to men
who were not connected with the convention, and to
whom tho spirit which actuated many of its mem-
bers could never be well known.
Early Gre \thottsk, H. Speed.
J. C. Meadors, 0. W. Cabot,
Timothy J. Kussell, G. W. Graves,
It. Deal, J. L. Alex vnder,
J. G. Jolly, James W. Stuart,
T. Towles, James Folmar,
u HENRY C. SEMFLE.
There wore other members of tho convention who
concurred with us in protesting against tho constitu-
tion, but we had no opportunity of consulting with
them as to the publication of this address.
"Montgomery, December 10,1807."
Under the reconstruction acts and the orders
of General Pope the registration was permitted
to be reopened. When it was reopened the
registrars struck off the names of whom they
pleased and added the names of whom they
pleased in order to secure their own election;
for, as I have shown, the registrars in many
instances were candidates, first, as members
of the convention, and afterward to offices
under the constitution which they themselves
had submitted to the people. The frauds in
the registry, when it was reopened, became so
palpable that General Ilayden, commander of
the military sub-district of Alabama, saw fit
to remove some ten or twelve of the registrars
and appoint in their stead men beyond all :
question loyal.
That is enough as to the material of which
the convention was composed, the means re-
sorted to, and the animus of the managers of
it, and it ought to satisfy this House that their
work should have been set aside and annulled,
even if-they had succeeded in foisting it upon
the people of Alabama by getting a majority of
the registered vote in its favor.
Let us look for a moment at the provisions
of the instrument itself, and see if there is any-
thing in it to commend itself to the favorable
consideration of statesmen seeking to establish
a civil government republican in form, by
which to accomplish the professed purposes of
the reconstruction acts, and I can only notice
a few of them.
Section two, of article one, provides—
"That all persons resident in this State, born in tho
United States or naturalized, or who shall have le-
gally declared their intention to become citizens of
the United States, are hereby declared citizens of the
State of Alabama, possessing equal civil and politi-
cal rights and public privileges."
No white man in Boston, Philadelphia, or
New York, no Radical member of this House,
would to-day consent to such a provision being
incorporated into the constitution of the State
in which he resides—that the hotels, the bed-
rooms, the dinner tables at which his wife and
daughters were guests should be used and oc-
cupied by negroes of all grades indiscriminately
with them ; and if by his vote he could prevent
the incorporation of such a provision into the
fundamental law of his State, or by refusing to
vote for it, if that would prevent it, he would
pursue the course necessary to accomplish the
object. Yet that is what we propose to punish
the people of Alabama for doing.
Article seven provides:
" Skc. 3. It shall bo the duty of the General Assem-
bly to provide, fromtimeto tune, for the registration
of all electors, but the following class of persons shall
not be permitted to register, vote, or hold oflicc: 1.
Xhoso who, during tho lato rebellion, indicted, or
causcd to be inflicted, any cruel or unusual punish-
ment upon any soldier, sailor, marine, employe, or
citizen^ of the United States, or who, in any other
way, violated the nil os of civilized warfare. 2. Those
who may be disqualilied from holding office by the
proposed amendment to tho Constitution of the Uni-
ted States known a.-, article fourteen, and those who
have been disqualified from registering to vote for
delegates to the convention to frame a constitution for
the State of Alabama, under tho act of Congress to
provide forthe more elficientgovernm&ntof therebel
States, passed by Congress March 2, 1867, and the
acts supplementary thereto, except such persons as
aided in the reconstruction proposed by Congress, and
accept the political equality of all men before tho
law: Provided, That the general Assembly shall
have power to remove the disabilities incurred un-
der this clauso. 3. Thoso who shall have been con-
victed of treason, embezzlement of public funds,
malfeasance in office, crime punishable by law with
imprisonment in the penitentiary, or bribery. 4.
Those who are idiots or insane.
"Sec. 4. All persons before registering, must take
and subscribe tho following oath: I, , do sol-
emnly swear (or affirm) that Xwillsupport and main-
tain tho Constitution and laws of thcUnited States
and tho constitution and lawsoftheState of Alabama;
that I am notexoluded from registering by any of the
clauses in section three, article seven, of the consti-
tutionof theStateof Alabama; thatlwillricvercoun-
tenance or aid in the secession of this State from the
United States; that I accept tho civil and political
equality of all men; and agree not to attempt to de-
prive any person orpcrsons, on aceountof race, color,
or prcvious condition, of any political oreivilright,
privilege, or immunity enjoyed by any other class of
men; and,furthermore,thatlwillnotin any wayin-
jure, or countenance in others any attempt to injure,
any person or persons on account of past, or present
support of the (xovernmcnt of the United States, the
laws of the UnitGcl States, or the principle of the
political and civil equality of all men, or for affilia-
tion with any political party."
Without stopping to comment on the second
and third sections of this article, I am free to
say that I regard the oath required as the most
infamous that ever was incorporated into the
fundamental law of any people pretending to
be free. It makes every man who takes it
swear to_ a lie. Whenever he votes for that
constitution, or undertakes to hold or exercise
the duties of any office under it, he swears and
agrees on oath—
"Not to attempt to deprive any person or persons,
on account of race, color, or previous condition, of
any political or civil right, jirivilege, or immunity
enjoyed Ly any other class of men"—
when he knows at the time he takes tho oath
that he cannot vote for or support that consti-
tution without depriving and continuing to
deprive of all political rights and privileges all
those classes of men who are ostracised by the
third section of this article. The constitution
itself deprives a large number of white men
of their political rights on account of their
previous condition. The previous condition
of many was that of officers of the State of
Alabama, or other States, or of the United
States, who afterward took part in the rebel-
lion. The previous condition of a majority of
the white population of Alabama was that of
rebels. A discrimination is certainly "made
against all of those men who had occupied the
previoTO condition of officers of a State or of
the United States. But it is really violating
that oath to deprive any one of his right o?
suffrage on account of having been a convicted
felon, for that is as much a previous condition
of such persons as the condition of slavery. It
will not do to say that the previous condition
of slavery alone is meant; the language is
plain, simple, and unambiguous; and if it is to
be construed or tortured to suit the taste or
views of the swearer it would be as convenient
for him to assume that it meant rebels and
State officers, and not former slaves, as it is
now to assume-that it applies to former slaves
alone. Our bill admits that by using the
words previous condition of slavery. But
that is, perhaps, not the worst feature in it or
the most obnoxious view <Jf it. It is the very
essence of tyranny, the vory climax of despot-
ism, to require a man to take an oath, as a con-
dition-precedent to the exercise of any politi-
cal rights or privileges, that he will never, in
any emergency, no matter how urgent, do what,
in his judgment,, not only patriotism, but the
very existence of republican liberty and free
institutions may require, to wit, deprive all
or certain classcsof the negro population of
the State of political rights and privileges.
He may be willing now to malre the experi-
ment of negro suffrage, if you please; but to
require him in all time to swear that he will
maintain and defend it."even though it may
be apparent to him and to all the world that it
is a failure, is to degrade and disgrace him,
and make him swear in advance that he con-
sents to his own degradation. An overwhelm-
ing majority of the people of Ohio, New York,
New Jersey, and of every other northern State,
except, perhaps, Massachusetts and Vermont,
would be excluded from exercising the right
of suffrage in Alabama unless they sacrified
all their present political principles in order
to obtain it, to say nothing of the disability
they would be compelled to impose upon them-
selves in all time. Yet this Congress, repre-
senting, or pretending to represent, these loyal
States, is asked to create a constitution and
impose it on the State of Alabama which
would disfranchise a majority of all the pres-
ent voters in the northern States if they should
ever emigrateto that State. Little wonder,
then, that the' white people of Alabama op-
posed it. Little wonder that they used all the
influence they had to prevent it from being
fastened upon them. It is still more wonder-
ful that this Congress, in plain violation of its
covenant with those people, flagrantly and
avowedly repudiating its solemn acts, after
deluding the people of Alabama by their
legislation into the belief that if they pursued
the course they did and defeated the proposed
constitution in the way they did that it would
be a nullity, and the election of all officers under
it void, should now undertake to establish that
instrument, and bestow all the offices, State and
Federal, on the candidates who were defeated
by the people of Alabama. Can it be that Sen-
ators are needed to convict the President that
this thing has to be done? The language of
Mr. Burke, when the people of England were
about^ treating the then rebels (so called) in
America very much in this way, is applicable
here. He said:
• think that for wise men this is not j ud i -
"pus; for sober men, not decent; for minds tinctured
with humanity, not mild or merciful.
I know many have been taught to think that
moderation in a case like this is a sort of treason,
and that all arguments for it are sufficiently an-
swered by railing at rebels and rebellion, and by
charging all the present and future miseries which
we may strffcr on the resistance of our brethren.
