1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3873
maximum amount of capital the corporation
may hold
Mr. CONKLING. Let us hear it read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to it. It will
come up iu the morning hour iu the regular
way. I desire an executive session for a par-
ticular purpose.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
_ The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business; and at live
o'clock the doors were reopened, and the Sen-
ate took a recess until half past seven o'clock
p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1370) for the relief of
the loyal Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 238) for the
donation of certain columns was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee oil Mili-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
DAMAGED Alt MS AND ORDNANCE.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Miiitia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No-292) directing
the Secretary of War to sell damaged or unser-
viceable arms, ordnance, and ordnance stores,
direct me to report it back without amendment
and recommend its passage, I ask that it be
considered now.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 292) directing the Secretary of War
to sell damaged or unserviceable arms, ord-
nance, and ordnance stores, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It is a direction
to the Secretary of War to cause to be sold,
after offer at public sale on thirty days' notice,
in such manner and at such times and places,
at public or private sale, as he may deem most
advantageous to the public interest, the old
cannon, arms, and other ordnance stores in
possession of the War Department which are
damaged or otherwise unsuitable for the United
States military service, or for the militia of the
United States, and to cause the net proceeds
of such sales, after paying all proper expenses
of sale and transportation to the place of sale,
to be deposited in the Treasury of the United
States.
Mr. BUCIvALEW. 1 should like to under-
stand whether the resolution applies to arms
now on hand only, or does it confer a general
power in all future time.
Mr. WILSON. 1 understand it to apply to
such as we have on hand.
Mr. BUCIvALEW. Then it should say so.
Let it be read again.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to insert the
word " now" before the words ''in possession."
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in. The amendment was ordered to
be engrossed, and the joint resolution to be
read a third time. The resolution was read the
third time, and passed.
KANSAS MILITARY EXPENSES.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 214, to authorize tiie settlement of
certain claims of the State of Kansas. It pro-
vides for a commission to examine the subject
and report to Congress.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 214) to authorize the Secretary of War to
settle the claims of the State of Kansas for
services of the militia called out by the Gov-
ernor ot that State, upon the requisition of
Major General Curtis, the commander of the
United States forces in that State, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
40th Oong. 2t> Kess.—No. 243.
Militia proposed to amend the bill by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting:
That immediately upon the passage of this act tho
President shall appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, two commissioners not resi-
dents of the State of Kansas, and shall detail one
Army officer, whose duty it shall be to examine and
audit the accounts of the State of Kansas for moneys
expended in payment of the expenses ot the militia
called into service by order of the Governor upon
tho requisition of Major General Curtis, in 1864, to
repel the invasion of General Pi ice.
Skc. 2. And be it further enacted, That the commis-
sioners so appointed shall proceed, subject to regu-
lations to be prescribed by the Secretary of War, at
once to examine all tho items of expenditure made
by said State for the purposes herein named, allow-
ing only for disbursements made and amounts as-
sumed Dy the State for enrolling, equipping, subsist-
ing, transporting, and paying such troops as were
called into service by the Governor at tho request
of tlie United States department commander com-
manding the district in which Kansas may at the
time havo been included, or by tho express order,
consent, or concurrence of such commander, or which
may havo been employed or used in suppressing
rebellion in said State. And no allowance shall be
made for any troops which did not perform actual
military service in full concert and cooperation with
the authorities of tho United States, and subject to
their orders.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That in making
up said account the commissioners shall state sepa-
rately tho amounts expended, respectively, for en-
rolling, equipping, arming, subsisting, transporting,
and paying said troops; and they shall not allow for
any expenditure or compensation for servico at a
rate greater than was at the time authome.d by the
laws of tho United States and tho regulations pre-
scribed by the Secretary of Warin similar cases; nor
shall such compensation embrace a longer period
than Lliiity days' servico in any ease.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That as soon as
said commissioners shall havo made up said account
and ascertained the balance, as herein directed, they
shall make written report thereof, showing the dif-
ferent items of expenditure as hereinbefore stated,
to Congress for final action.
Ski;. 5. And be it farther enacted, That the com-
missioners to be appointed as aioresaid shall, before
proceeding to the discharge of their duties, be sworn
that they will caretully examine tho accounts exist-
ing between tho United States and the State of Kan-
sas. and that they will, to the best of their ability,
make a just, true, and impartial statement thereof,
as required by 1 his act. They shall rcccive such com-
pensation for their services as may bedetermined by
tho Secretary of the Treasury, not exceeding ten dol-
lars per day for ouch commissioner. And the amount
necessary to defray said oxpenses and the jiwnrd
made by the commissioners, not to exceed §259,000,
is hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendment was concurred iu.
Mr. POMEROY. I believe the Senator
from Massachusetts reported this bill with an
appropriation of S259,000. That is the limit,
including the expenses of the commission.
They cannot, go beyond $259,000.
Mr. WILSON. They can report anywhere
within the limit of §259.UOO.
Mr. POMEROY. The State has assumed a
much larger amount.
Mr. WILSON. I know the claim is larger.
Mr. POMEROY. But as this is the amount
that has passed the Senate once or twice I
make no objection.
Mr. WILSON. We think it better to limit
them to that amount; we do not want to throw
the whole thing open.
Mr. POMEROY. I am willing that the bill
should pass in this shape, as it has passed the
Senate once or twice before. Indeed, I am
very anxious that it should pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. Its title was amended to read, "A bill
to authorize the settlement of the claims of the
State of Kansas for services of the militia called
out by the Governor of that State, upon the
requisition of Major General Curtis, to repel
the invasion of General Price."
army rules and articles.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill
establishing rules and articles for the govern-
ment of the armies of the United States. We
nearly completed it some days ago, and I desire
now to make a few small amendments.
The motion was agreed to ; and the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 529) establishing
rules and articles for the government of the
armies of the United States, was resumed as
in Committee of the Wholes the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment of Mr. Bucka-
lew, to insert after the words "within the
theater of war," in the second line of the
twelfth article, the words " and where the civil
tribunals cannot actso as to make the article
read:
In time of war or insurrection military commissions
may be constituted, and shall, within the theater of
war and where tho civil tribunals cannot act, have ,
jurisdiction, &c. ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I had the impression that
an amendment had been offered by the Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Ferry] that was de-
signed as a substitute for that proposition, and
which was more agreeable to the views of gen-
tlemen on all sides of the Chamber, though I
have forgotten what it was.
Mr. WILSON. I have the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Connecticut, but I
have shown it to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, and he expresses his non-concurrence
with it. I wish now to make a statement to the"
Senate in regard to this bill. I understand'
that the Military Committee in the House of
Representatives have to-morrow in that House
for their business. I was told so by the chair-
man of the committee yesterday, and they are
very anxious to have this bill reach them so
that they may act upon it. Situated as we are
to-night, I am willing to let this section go out
of the bill in order to get it to the other House
and let them fix it as they please. If the Sen-
ator will agree to that course, I think it will be
better, as probably the House of Representa-
tives will have no other day but to-morrow to
act on it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The section to which
the Senator refers I suppose is not at all neces-
sary to the general scope and purpose of the
bill. I think, therefore, it might be omitted
without impairing the bill materially. It is
simply declaratory. I was going to observe
that the Senator from Nebraska [Mr. Thayeii]
intended to make a motion to strike out one
of the later articles.
Mr. WILSON. He moved an amendment
in regard to regular Army officers.
Mr. BUCKALEW. He intended to move
to strike out the article which gave jurisdiction
to military courts and commission over team-
sters and contractors.
Mr. WILSON. I really think if the Senator
from Nebraska were here he would not press
that matter. It does seem to me that these
teamsters, above all men, ought to be under
the control of military tribunals.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will not make it a
point against the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I will let the twelfth article go
out in order to get the bill to the other House.
Mr. BUCKALEW. In the latter part of
the ninety-seventh article the words "or mili-
tary commissions" are used in connection
with " courts-martial." It will be necessary
now to omit those words, and then the matter
will be left to military courts.
Mr. WILSON. Well, I will agree to that.
I propose to strike out, in line eight of article
ninety-seven, the words " or military commis-
sions." That will leave the persons covered
by that article to be tried by court-martial.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I desire now to move an
amendment, which is a mere matter of form.
In the eighty-first article, after the word
"any," in the sixth line, I move to insert
"corps or staff department;" so as to read:
"Brevet rank shall not take effect in any corps
or staff department, regiment, troop, or com-
pany," &c. These words are left out by mis-
take originally.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. In article eighty-two, after
the word "officers," in the fourth line, [move
to insert the words "unless such officers are
at the time in command of their own or othet
troops." It is a mere matter of form.
The amendment was agreed to.
