1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
the condition of things at the time. Why, sir,
a skillful physician might very beneficially take
a pint, of blood from the arm of a plethoric
patient, whose pulse was beatingat the rate of
one hundred and fifty a minute, but if he should
adopt depletion as a policy and unmindtul ot
the altered condition and sinking pulse of the
man, continue to take a pint of blood from him
daily, I apprehend the patient would die on his
hands. Death will result from exhaustion as
well as from apoplexy.
The point that I desire to make just here is,
that what was desirable under the circum-
stances of April 12, 1866, may not be desira-
ble under the condition of things oa the 1st
day of January, 1808.
But, Mr. President, the severity of the eon-
traction is not fully shown by the statement
made by the chairman of the Committe on
Finance, covering the movement for twenty-
one months, from April 1, 1860, to January 1,
1868. The contraction was much more severe
in 1867 than it was in 1866. Let u3 look at
the figures—and I beg to aay that I shall not
subject myself to the criticism of the Senator
from Maine that these statements are drawn
from rumors current in Wall street or from
outside sources of any description whatever.
They are the figures from the books of the
Treasury Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And the figures never
lie.
Mr. CATTELL. And my friend remarks
that the figures never lie. These statements,
as I remarked, are from official sources, i
beg to call the attention of the Senate to the
fact that on March 1, 1867, there were of com-
pound-interest notes outstanding$141,308,830,
and that on January 1, 1868, the amount was
reduced to $46,244,780, showing a reduction
or payment of this description of currency of
$95,064,050 in these nine months. I admit, and
I desire to make my statement perfectly fair,
my statement of figures especially, that a part
of these were redeemed by the issuing of the
three per cent, certificates. 'She amount
of those issued during the same period was
$23,265,000, which left an actual reduction
of compounds of $71,799,050.
* Now, as to the United States notes, there
were outstanding at the same period, March
1, 1867, $376,026,744, and these were reduced
on the 1st of January, 1868, to $366,159,127,
making a reduction of the plain legal tenders
of $19,867,017, showing a total reduction of
$91,666,607 in ten months, equal to an average
of $9,166,667 per month for the nine months
commencing April 1,1867, and ending January
1, 1868. I submit that if the Congress of the
United States, in view of the fact that there
were $720,000,000 of currency, deemed it un-
wise to authorize a contraction of more than
$4,000,000 per month, the most inveterate and
inordinate lovers of contraction ought to be
satisfied when the figured show that for these
nine months there was an absolute reduction
of the currcncy of over nine million dollars per
month.
Bat this is not the worst feature of the case.
The severity of the contraction is not even
shown by these figures; for its severity was
materially increased in the months of August,
September, and October of last year, when
the distress was created all over the country,
to which my friend from Nevada [Mr. Nye]
alluded in his brief remarks yesterday. I beg
that the attention of the Senate will be given
to these figures. If they do not convince every
member of this body that such a contraction
of the currency cannot be made without pro-
ducing the greatest disasters then I surrender
my own judgment. Now listen to the figures:
en the 1st of August, 1867, there were of com-
pound-interest notes outstanding, $114,857,860.
On November 1, 1867, three months thereaf-
ter, covering the months of August, Septem-
ber, and October, there were outstanding
$71,875,040, showing the amount retired to
be $42,982,810. But of these there were ex-
ehanged for the three per cent, certificates
$11,560,000. I admit that to be a replace-
ment of one form of resenre for. another, and
that it should fairly be deducted. Deduct
the amount of the certificates issued, and you
still have left actually retired $31,422,810 of
the compound-interest notes in three months.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will my
friend permit me to make an inquiry, for I
know he desires to be entirely accurate in his |
statements?
Mr. CATTELL. With pleasure. ;
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I wish to
inquire of him if he does not know in point
of fact that two years prior to that time the ;
chief part of these compound-interest notes
had actually ceased to be currency? The
moment the amount of interest rose to four,
five, or six per cent, they were withdrawn
and never circulated afterward ; and there
could be no part of them used except such
part as was held by the banks.
Mr. CATTELL. I reply to the gentleman
by saying that his statement is totally incor-
rect ; for the compound-interest notes were
held by the banks as their reserve in lieu of
and precisely taking the place of the plain
legal-tender notes; and the statements of the
Comptroller of the Currency will show that
they were so held to a very great extent.
The very moment they are redeemed there is
a necessity to replace them with the plain
legal tenders in order to keep up the twemty-
five per cent, reserve required by law. That ,
I is my reply to the statement of the gentleman j
from Vermont. I admit some portion ofthem J
were held as investments, and I am willing to ;
make some allowance for that fact; but a
large part of these notes were held by the
banks as their reserve. They thus occupied
the place of currency. They had to be sup- 1
plied with plain legal-tender notes the moment
they were retired or withdrawn, and they
operated just as much by their withdrawal in
contracting the currency as the withdrawal of i
any other dollar of currency that was afloat. |
But that is not all. I have shown that there
was a reduction of $31,422,810 of this descrip-
tion of currency in the months of August, Sep-
tember, and October. During the same period
there was a reduction of $11,950,695 of plain
legal-tender currency, making an actual reduc-
tion of the currency of the United States of
$43,373,505 in a period of three months, aver-
aging over fourteen- million dollars per month.
Mr. STEWART. As they are held as re-
serve in the place of greenbacks, and occupy
the place of nroney, let ask the Senator
whether many of them will not fall due in
the next six months? Shall we not have a
contraction of fifty or sixty million dollars in
that way ?
Mr. CATTELL. I will tell the gentleman
that before I close; it is in the course of the
line of my argument.
Mr. STEWART. So that inevitably we have
got a large contraction ahead of us.
Mr. CATTELL. Certainly ; in spite of all
we can do. Mr. President, I venture to say
that nothing approaching to this contraction
ever occurred in the history of any country on
the face of the globe, and the only surprise to
me is that the nation was not skaken from its
center to its circumference. I do know, and
every gentleman within the sound of my voice
knows, that business was prostrated during
these months; that all industrial interests were
paralyzed; that factories were closed; that men
went about with anxious countenances inquir-
ing what was to be the end of all this; that
there was a cry of distress from the West for
currency to remove the crop to the sea-board;
and that failures were daily occurring. Every
gentleman in this Chamber who gave his at-
tention to this subject knows that all the
financial journals of this country, and even
those of England, were commenting on the
decrease of the legal tenders in the weekly
statements of our banks, and were wondering
what was coming.
I do not hold the Secretary of the Treasury
responsible for the contraction which resulted
from the retiring of the $31,000,000 of com-
pound-interest notes, because they had fallen
due and must necessarily be paid, but I think he
is responsible for the fact that he did not sus-
pend contraction of the plain legal tender
when he was obliged to take up so much as
$31,000,000 of the compound-interest notes
in the course of three months. Instead of
doing that he kept up his contraction and re-
tired during* these three months within $50,000
of his $12,000,000. Having $31,000,000 of com-
pound notes to take care of, he also retired
$11,956,965 of plain legal tenders.
1 Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit
I me to ask him a question without interrupting
I him ?
I Mr. CATTELL. With great pleasure.
Mr. CONNESS. He has stated that there
| never was such a contraction in any country
i as has taken place here. I ask him if there ever
' was in any condition of legitimate business in
: any country such a plethora of currency that
demanded contraction, and whether the values
of property were ever so much deranged as in
view of this condition of things by a plethora
of currency?
Mr. CATTELL. I answer the gentleman
by saying that I am not sufficiently familiar
with the details respecting the condition of cur-
rency in all parts of the world to give a direct
answer to his question ; but there is one thing I
am prepared to say to him ; and that is, that this
countiy itself had $720,000,000 of currency
since he has been a member of this body, and
I dare say, in common with others, he voted
to restrict the Secretary of the Treasury- from
contracting more than $10,000,000 in six
months for fear that it would so disturb exist-
ing values as to create distress. I think that
is a sufficient answer to the Senator's question.
Further, this question of just when the cur-
rency is redundant and when it is not is a ques-
tion which in my judgment no one can deter-
mine. Who in this Chamber is prepared to
tell us just how much currency the legitimate
business of the country requires? How can you
determine the precise amount necessary ? Gen-
tlemen may tell me the currency is redundant so
long as we are not able to resume specie pay-
ments. In a normal condition of things this may
be true; but after four or five long years of t&r,
with all its destruction of values, can it be
supposed that you can bring your currency to
a condition to resume specie payments until
yon have repaired these waste places, until
you have done something to win back the
national wealth you have lost? Is it within
the range of possibility for people to pay when
they are not able to pay, when capital has
been sunk, when a million of men for long
years have been constantly destroying values ?
That all this has been compensated for I grant
you, by the glorious triumph of our arms and
the vindication of the principles upon which
the Government is founded ; but nevertheless
let it never be forgotten that the nation was
saved by an immense sacrifice both of blood
and treasure.
Now, Mr. President, in view of this state of
facts; in view of the fact that the currency had
been reduced $140,000,000 since April 1, 1866 ;
in view of the1 fact that it had been rapidly
reduced for nine months up to the 1st of
January, 1868, at the rate of $9,000,000 per
month, and that it ha4 actually been reduced
during the months of August, September, and
October, 1867, at the rate of $14,000,000 per
month, I thought it was time for the Con-
gress of the United States to step in and say,
"You have gone far enough in this contrac-
tion for the present; at least, suspend the rigor
of this iron-hand until you see whether you are
right or wrong in proceeding further;" and the
very mildest form in which I thought the ques-
tion ought to be presented to the Senate of the
United Stales and to the people of the coun-
try was that this power to contract the currency
shoold be suspended. I therefore introduced
the measure fa the first week of the session
to prevent contraction until we had time to
look about us, until we had time to discover
whether this was the cause or whether some-
