1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
   
335
40th Cong.,..2d Bess.
Contested-Election Gase-^-Mr. Morgan.
Ho. dB"R-EPS.!
and Treasury settlements of private claims -for
war damages. These war claims of the States
have heretofore been the occasion of a large,
expenditure, but are now all, or nearly all,
extinguished. The State claims paid daring
the first ten months of the present fiscal year
have amounted to $9,250,693 25, while the-
private claims settled by the Treasury, and paid
by the War Department, during the same time,
have amounted to $5,116,300.
These private claims are such aspass through
and under the supervision and action for the
most part of the Third Auditor of the Treas-
ury. They are claims coming from individual
sources on various accounts charged against
the Government, and are, of course, not part
of the regular expenditures of the War Depart-
ment from year to year; but yet in looking
forward and seeing what will probably be
demanded from us as a draft upon our revenue,
we must of couise take them into the account.
These private claims settled by the Treasury
have heretofore been paid out of the general
and current appropriations of the military ser-
vice by the bureau to which it belongs. They
should only be paid by some specific appro-
priation after settlement by the Treasury.
Whether a general appropriation be made in
advance from year to year, or for the specific
claim,.the supervision of Congress in either
case over this important and dangerous branch
of expenditure would be secured as it is not
now.
Striking these Treasury settlements from the
estimates of regular expenditures of the War
Department, in which they are improperly
included, makes a further reduction of $14,-
366,993 25. The reduction of expenditures
for the Military "Academy, ordnance, and en-
gineer bureans, forts, arsenals, &c., including
also items covered by "lapping" appropria-
tions, may be estimated at about five million
dollars. A further reduction should be made
by striking out the expenditures for the Ereed-
men's Bureau. This bureau is merely a tem-
porary organization, the operations of which
are daily diminishing, and may soon wholly
cease. Its expenditures are made under the
general supervision of the Secretary of War,
but are in no sense regular current expenses
of the military service. The expendituies for
this bureau during the first ten months of the
present fiscal year amounted to $2,000,000,
and that amount should be stricken from the
Treasury estimate of war expenditures. No
appropriation is asked for on this account for
the coming year.
The Indian hostilities and negotiations have
compelled the War Department to make ad-
vances of subsistence stores at times and places
of special emergency,, upon the express stipu-
lation of reimbursement by the Indian Bureau
which has hitherto been disregarded. This
expenditure, during the first ten mouths of the
present fiscal year, amounted to the sum of
$277,831 8li, and should be stricken from the
estimate of war expenditures. This is exclu-
sive of the expense incurred by the War De-
partment in subsisting the Navajoes and other
Indians held as prisoners of war, which have
created a heavy burden on the War Depart-
ment, increasing the sum on Indian account to
about one million dollars.
It will therefore be seen that by making the
proposed reductions in the Treasury estimates
—to which the gentleman called my atten-
tion—lot the War Department, there will be
found nothing to impeach the accuracy of the
estimates communicated to Congress by Gen-
eral Grant; and furthermore, they are in the
main corroborated by the estimates of the
Special Commissioner of Revenue, derived
from the Treasury Department itself.
1 v ill now recapitulate what I have been
saying on these points :
The total expenditures thruush the ar Th"-p,irt~
m«uit for the current fiscal year will be. as be!i;r<!
stated   -  Sl:Si.Sd9.i96
Tinder this head, however, are included the
following items, none of whieh can be classed
as among the regular "Army" or "war"
expenditures-:
Bounties '. $32,000,000
Reimbursing State war claims  9,250,693
Private claims for war damages  6,116,300
IVeedmeu's Bureau    2,100.000
Subsistence of Tnflians nnd advances on
account of Interior Department  1,000,000
Total    $49,466,993
This leaves $73,382,008, as the aggregate
expenditures proper of the War Department
for the current year : an aggregate which has
been largely augmented by the existence of i
Indian hostilities on the frontiers during the
summer and fall of 1807.
The above expenditure of $73,882,503 will, it
is believed, be reduced during the next fiscal
year by the following items :
From discontinuance of Indian hostilities...$20,000,000
From reduction ot' pay of Army, (the cur-
rent reduction of the Army being at the
rate of eight hundred men per month,)
reduction of quartermasters' and other
expenses.....      9,000,000
Estimated reduction of other expenditures
—Military Academy, Ordnance and -En-
gineer Bureaus, <&e., including items cov-
ered by " lapping" appropriations sepa- _
rately estimated  0,000,000
$34,000,000 i
Assuming the above estimates as correct,
the regular expenditures of the War Depart-
ment for the next fiscal year may be taken to
be about thirty-nine million dollars ; which is
nearly in accordance with the revised estimai cs
submitted by General Grant, acting as Secre-
tary of War, in December last.
Gentlemen who may have been alarmed lest
wo might be expected to expend §123,000,000
during the next fiscal year on account ot the
War Department and the Army may therefore
feel relieved. They may feel assured that,
making the deduction from what has been spent
during the last year of those items which are
not likely to be required for the next, and also
of the expenditures which, although charged
to the War Department, are in no way con-
nected with its regular business, and coming
down to the requirements of the War Depart-
ment proper, we shall find that General Grant s
revised estimate cannot vary much more than a
million one way or the other from what that
branch of the public service will really de-
mand.
I have felt it necessary to enter into a some-
what elaborate and particular explanation in
relation to this branch of the public expend-
iture, at the close of the other general esti-
mates which I have submitted, as it was called
for by the gentleman from New York, my col-
league on the Committee of ays and Means.
1 now go back and repeat my conviction,
arrived at with all the care possible and all
the exercise of my own judgment, and relymg
still more upon the detailed and accurate in-
formation, as it seemed to me,which has been
furnished by the Departments, and by the
General commanding, that if wc collect, as 1
trust the passage of this bill will enable us to
do, $70,000,000 from the tax on distilled spirits,
we shall have an amount of receipts at the end
of the next year exceeding by about fifty mil-
lion dollars all needed expenditures.
Arid now. iXr. Ch&n*EQU.Uj in concl'iding this
review of the policy and purposes ot' the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, as indicated in the
bill which we have offered, let me express to
gentlemen around me my thanks for the kind
attention and patience with whieh they have
so long listened to roo. With. this subuiissiou
of our work to their consideration and action
our responsibility in some degree ceases, nod
theirs begins. Vv e shall be well rewarded if
an}- considerable part oi what we have done
shall meet approval and contribute to the com-
mon -\<">od.
Contested-Election Case. '
SPEECH OF HON. G. V. MORGAN,
or ohio, '
Is this Hocsfi of Eewussentatives,-
June 2 and 8, 1808.
Ihe House having under consideration the con-
tested election-casoof Delano vs. Morgan, from the
thirteenth congressional district of Ohio— -
Mr. MORGAN said:'
Mr. SpbAKisn: "Whom the gods Wish to
destroy they first make mad." I do not rise
Mr. Speaker, to ask a favor, but to demand
and insist upon the right of the people of the
thirteenth district of Ohio to be represented
by the person of their choice. Of the 26,185
voters who cast their ballots in that district at
the October election 18Ct>, there are not ten who
are not fully satisfied that a majority of the
legal votes cast at that election were against
the contestant [Mr. DeUrio] in this haee. They
witnessed the election,' they saw how it was
conducted; they knew and know now on
which side extraordinary, illegal, and corrupt
means were used, and knowing these facts as
they do know them, they will not be deceived
by the action of this House.
The electors of the thirteenth district further
know that at the congressional election of 1860
the counties of Coshocton, Knox. Licking, and
Muskingum gave an aggregate Democratic
majority of 549, the aggregate vote being 25,122.
That at the congressional election of 1862, the
first election under the new apportionment,
said counties, composing the thirteenth dis-
trict. gave O'Neil, Democrat, 8,064 majority
over Wright, Republican, the aggregate vote
being 22,4(32. That at the congressional election
of 1864 iu said district, on the " home vote"
Follett, Democrat, had 1,222 majority over
Delano, Republican, which was overcome by
Army certificates sufficient to show a majority
for Delano of 239, the aggregate vote being
23,500. That in 1864, on the aggregate home
and army vote of said district, Mr. Lincoln
had a majority of 10 votes over General
McClellan. That at the gubernatorial election
of 1865 G. W. Morgan, -Democrat, had a
majority in said district over J. D. Cox, Repub-
lican, of 787, the aggregate vote being 24,251.
(H. Mis. Doc. No. 38, part 2, p. 725.)' That
at the congressional election of 1866 in said
district the majority of Morgan over Delano
was 271, the aggregate vote being26,385. That
at the gubernatorial election of 1867 in said
district the majority of Thurman, Democrat,
over Hayes, Republican, was 2,178, the aggre-
gate vote being 27,906.
The gentleman [Mr. Scofijsld] who has laid
upon your desks the remarkable paper called
the report of the majority of the Committee of
Elections seems to have forgotten that the Con-
stitution of the United States secures to the
people of the respective States the right to
elect their own Representatives to this House.
Mr. MULLINS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him one question ?
Mr. MORGAN. No, sir.
Mr. MULLINS. Just one question.
Mr. MORGAN. Not one.
Mr. MULLINS. I only want, to ask if the
Constitution does not give the right to judge
of the election returns and disqualifications of
members ?
Mr. MORGAN. The issue before this House
is of very small concern to the people of the
country so far as the contestant and the sitting
member are concerned as individuals, but tile
principle involved is vital to the dearest right-s
of the people. Were the contestant and the
sitting member to be blotted otit of existence
to-day they would not b,e missed to-morrow.
Like two pebbles dropped -upon the bosom of
ihesea, we should at once sink beneath the
surlace. and only for a few moments would a
few circling eddies mark the spots where wc
