3,26
APPENDIX TO THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 2,
Ho. 03? Reps.
Contested-Election Case—Mr, Morgan.
40th Cong....2d
Jaad disappeared, and oblivion would cover us
forever. And I cannot but congratulate the
contestant [Mr. Delano] upon the fact that
when lie shall have passed from off the stage
of action that his name and political misdeeds
will be forgotten together. Not so, sir, with
the "great principle—the right of representa-
tion—involved in this ease. Not so as to the
dangerous precedent to be established by this
House, that the citizens of Massachusetts,
Vermont, and of other States, can disfranchise
the citizens of Ohio, and in contempt of their
wishes determine who shall sit in this House
as the pretended representative of the people..
Sir, no citizen, in-the thirteenth district
knew better than Mr. Delano that it was Demo-
cratic. He. knew that he had obtained his
seat in the Thirty-Ninth Congress by means of
Army certificates pretending to represent votes
which in fact were never polled. And knowing
that he could not be fairly elected, three days
before, the election took place he publicly
avowed in a speech at Millwood, "I may be
beaten, but I won't stay beaten." This, sir,
was the estimate he placed upon this House,
this was his threat that he would do what he
had before done, obtain a seat on this floor as
the Representative of the people who had
refused to be represented byhim.
Sir, the political career of the contestant
has indeed been remarkable. The testimony
in this case shows that in 1844 he was returned
to this House by a majority of only twelve votes
but from ademocraticdistrict and he was allowed
to take and retain his seat without a contest,
although no one believed that he was fairly
elected. Should it be the pleasure of this
body now, in the exercise of a power which in
then- hands is absolute and from which there
is no appeal except to the people, to give to Mr.
Delano, that which the people denied to him, it
will be the only instance in the history of
the country where the same individual has
three times occupied a seat in Congress with-
out having been once elected.
The real issue involved in this case, Mr.
Speaker, is not between George W. Morgan
and Columbus Delano, but between this House
of Representatives on the one part, and the
people on the other. It is to determine whether
in contempt of all, the dominant party on this
floor will arrogate to themselves the right to
elect each other, and to treat with contempt the
will of the people. This question, sir, is of
vital moment; it reaches down deep into the
very foundations of our Government, and its
solution is to determine whether we have a
representative government or a despotism;
whether the people are masters or slaves.
Sir, were this question purely personal to
myself, under the circumstances by which I am
surrounded I should not have risen to utter
one word in this case.- But a sense of duty to
the people of my district, whose rights are
threatened with outrage, demand that J. should
resist a d expose the great wrong which is
about to be committed. So far as the mem-
bers qf the Committee of Elections, who by a
strict party report advise the House to commit
this wrong are concerned, I have but a word
to say. Did X desire vengeance against them,
it would be that they should sign the report
they have sent to this House, and that it should
be left as a heritage for their children to gaze
upon after they are dead. But, sir, I desire
no such act of cruelty against the innocent,
and 1 leave the members of the majority to the
judgment of their own consciences, and the
much more certain judgment of the people.
Sir, 1 do not wish to ascribe evil motives to
any one, and the mildest opinion that I can
express in regard to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofield] is that the. report
shows that he is totally ignorant of the law and
the facts in this case, tor to think otherwise
would be to ascribe to him motives of a far
different character.
Now, sir, to the report ol' the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, .[Mr. Scofield.] It claims for
Mr. Delano 81 majority—not80, but81—-which
indicates a nice and conscientious calculation.
By what sleight-of-hand has the official majority
of 271 for the sitting member been frittered
away ? We shall see. First, 292 electors,
Democrats and Republicans, of Pike township,
Knox county, are disfranchised by the entire
vote being rejected. But why rejected? Was
there fraud on the part of the judges of the
election? No; that is not claimed. Was there
any fraud of any kind? No ; for it is admitted
by the report in favor of Mr. Dblano that all
of the votes in Pike township are legal votes
except 11. But there are only 11 illegal votes.
Why reject more than them? Because that
would not be sufficient to give Mr. Delano the
seat refused him by the people.
But upon what ground, upon what pretext
is this House asked to disfranchise the electors
of Pike township, Republicans and Democrats
alike? I will tell you, sir. The true ground
is, because that township gave 140 majority
against Mr. Delano. That is the real objec-
tion to the vote of Pike township. But what
is the pretext for disfranchising 292 voters ?
It is charged in the report of the majority that
Salathiel Parrish, one of the judges of the elec-
tion in that township, failed to report to the
draft, and upon this flimsy and contemptible
pretext the House is asked to throw out the
vote of Pike township. Is the pretext true ?
No ; it is wholly false. What are the facts 1
David Porch, one of the trustees of that town-
ship, testifies that Salathiel Parrish was drafted,
but that prior to the draft Parrish, with the aid
of other persons, collected a sufficient sum of
money to laise recruits to clear that township
of the draft. That fourteen recruits were
raised and accepted.
Mr. Porch says :
" They [Parrish, Scoles] and others were making
an effort before the draft to clear tiio township by
putting in substitutes or recruits, and after the draft,
linding that they wore going to be successful, they
paid no attention to it."
Well, Mr. Speaker, the recruits were raised
and accepted; the township was cleared from
the draft by the aid of Parrish, and the provost
marshal told Porch that as recruits had been
put in the men who had been drafted were
released, or "would not be troubled." Now,
sir, 1 challenge the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scofield,] I call upon the
contestant, [Mr. Delano,] to produce the tes-
timony of a single witness contradicting the
testimony of Mr. Porch. The gentlemen do
not answer. Sir, they do not answer because
there is no answer to give. And that each
member may examine for himself I refer the
House to page 27G, II. M. D. 48, part 2.
But what, sir, is the law as to what constitutes
a deserter?
The thirteenth section of the act of March 3,
1863, provides—
" That any person failing to report after due ser-
vice ot notice as herein prescribed, without furnish-
ing a substitute or paying the required sum therefor,
shall be deemed a deserter, and shall be arrested by
the provost marshal and sent. t.o thenearest military
post for trial by court-martial, unless, upon proper
showing that he is not liable to do military duty,
the board of enrollment shall relieve him from the
draft."— United States Statutes-at-Large, vol. 12, p. 731.
Well, sir, by the very terms of the, law, Sa-
lathiel Parrish was not only not a deserter, but
he did more than the law required. He did
not wait for the draft, but before it took place
he was engaged in raising means to put in
recruits. The recruits were obtained, and the
township released from the draft. And yet,
sir, upon this pretext, at once frivolous, wicked,
and false, this House is asked to reject the
entire poll of Pike township, and thereby dis-
franchise 292 citizens. Sir, will this House
entertain a proposition so atrocious ? Dare the
dominant party upon this floor disfranchise the
people of an entire township, when no fraud
was alleged, when no fraud was proved, when
even the contestant docs not so much as pie-
tend there was fraud or unfairness of any kind ?
i an) not surprised, sir, at tlie often-repeated
declaration of, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scoheid ] that he wished this case
through, t'hat he "never again desired to hear
of the ease of Delano vs._ Morgan. Ah, sir,
well may the gentleman desire to still the_ spirits
he'has raised ; .but this ease will haunt him like
a ghost, and he will ever hear singingm his ears
the case of Delano vs. Morgan ; and when the
indignantery comes from an outraged people he
will learn that he has only commenced to Wear
the cry of Delano vs. Morgan in connection
with this infamous report.
Mr. DAWES. i call the gentleman to order.
Mr. MORGAN. As it may be held out of
order, i withdraw the word infamous.
It is not my intention to make an elaborate
law argument iii this case, because the con-
testant and the committee were at fault wholly
as to the facts, even were the law as claimed
by them. But, sir, the committee show an
utter disregard of the law in reference to the
very question involved in reference to Pike
township.
The claim of the contestant [Mr. Delano] is
this : that Salathiel Parrish failed to report to
the draft, and that thereby he ceased to be a cit-
izen of the United States, and consequently
could not be an elector of Ohio. I have already
proved, sir, that the charge against Salathiel
Parrish is false, and that is an end to the whole
question. But, sir, suppose that it were true
that Salathiel Parrish had been gu ilty as charged
by the contestant, [Mr. Delano.] What then ?
He was one of the trustees of Pike township,
andjbythef'orceof the statute, one of thejudges
of the election. Hence, even had he been a
deserter, (which is false,) he was acting under
the color of office, and his acts were lawful so
far as third parties (the voters) were concerned.
The contestant [Mr. Delano] claims that
Parrish could not act as judge of election for
the reason that the law requires that there shall
be three judges.
It so happens, Mr. Speaker, that this very
question has been already determined by the
highest tribunal in Ohio ; and it has been time
and again decided that this House is bound by
the laws of a State as construed by its own
courts in reference to all questions connected
with elections. Well, sir, in February, 1866,
there was tried in tlie Senate of Ohio (being
three fifths Republican) the contested election
case of Grosvenor vs. Golden. The former a
Republican, the latter a Democrot. And one
of the grounds of contest was—
"That one Edwin Moore, who was a trustee of
Bloom township, Fairfield county, acted as ajudRe
of the election in said township, while he was at the
same election a candidate for the office of county
commissioner of said county."
A majority of the Committee on Elections
reported that—
"As to the second charge above, the committee find
that the said Edwin Moore was a trustee of Bloom
township, Fairfield county, and as such acted as a
judge of the said election, and was at the same time
a candidate for commissioner of Fairfield county,
"Iheeommitteelindthiscontrary to aprovisionof
the statute. But they further find that he did not act
corruptly, but in ignorance ot the law. The commit-
tee regard said action as irregular, yet they are of
opinion, and so find, that all the really essential
requisites to constitute a valid election woreobserved
in this case. The clectiuu was held at the proper
time and place, and by competent authority, (to wit,
the township tiuslees.) That there was :io evidence
ot traud in conducting thesame,andno doubt about
the result. In view ol thee© tacts, we are unable to
assign any satisfactory reason for rejecting this re-
turn. The object of the law, as wo think, in direct-
ing that a candidate shall notact as a judge of elec-
tion, is to remove an inducement to fraud in his o w u
case. ItalToidsno such inducement in the case of
any other candidate. But if it does, that presump-
tion is rebutted in this ease. The evidence is clear
and decisive that tile election was conducted with
entire fairness. Wo are therefore of opinion that we
can neither allege want of authority in the election
board, fraud in conducting the election, tiorany un-
certainty about the result.
" The supreme court ot this State have decided—in
the case ol Ohio us. Choate, 11 0. R.. 511; Ohio ®s.
Alby, 12 0.It., lb; Ohio d-i. Jacobs, 17 O. It., 151-2—
that where an ottiotsr acLj under color of authority
