"1826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
your county and send to these headquarters without
delay, answers to the lollowiug questions, namely:
1. How many clcotion precincts were opened in
your county during the recent vote for the constitu-
tion submitted to the people for ratification?
2. llow manyboxes were opened at caeli preeinet
for reception of votes?
3. How are the number of precincts, and number
of boxes to bo used at each, determined upon?
4. In what manner and by whom were tho judges
©r managers of the election selected ?
5. Were they duly sworn and required to take "the
tsst oath," and if not, why not?
(i. Did your board during its deliberations make
such arrangements as would insure to the people all
necessary facilities for casting their votes?
7. For how many days were tho polls kept open in
your county, and why were they not kept open for
five days?
8. During tho progress of the voting did tho mem-
bers of your board visit tho several polling places in
each precinct, and if not, why not?
9. Did they carefully note whethorornot the man-
agers or judges were faithfully and properly dis-
charging tlieduties of their office, and if not, why not?
10. Did any of the members of your board, or any
of the managers of election, canvass for votes for or
against the constitution, or in any other way ta,ke a
prominent part in tho election during its progress,
outside of their bounded duty as registrars or man-
agers, and if they did who are they, and what dul
they do?
11. Was the attention of the members of your board
given to the manner in which the reception of votes
was being conducted, and was everything noticed
and corrected which, in your opinion, was calculated
to obstruct the voting?
12. Was any obstruction offered at the polls calcu-
lated to prevent a free and full vote, and if there
was, state its kind and character, and also what
measures wero taken to suppress it, and if no effort
was made to protect the voter in the exorcise of his
rights, who is to be held responsible for the same?
13. Have you knowledge of any means being re-
sorted to, away from tho polls, intended to prevent a
full and free expression of opinion by theballot,and
if so, state its kind and character, and tho names of
those whom you know to have been engaged in tho
same?
14. Was tho notice that the lists of registered
voters would be opened tor revision given to tho
people; and were tho lists kept opon for revision for
five days, and if not. why not?
15. The number of registered voters being known,
what should be considered as a fair average voto for
your county at this season of the year?
16. How does the number of white votes cast com-
pare with tho number of white registered voters, and
what is the eauso of tho di&'crcnco?
17. llow does tho present vote of your county com-
pare with, its average fair vote, and if below that
average, what has been the cause of that falling
off?
18. What is the political status of the members of
your board, as well as that of the managers of clec-
ti>n; arc they opposed to reconstructing under the
acts of Congress, or otherwise minded, and if by
chance there be any who are opposed to reconstruc-
tion, who are they, and how, and by whom were they
appointed ?
In replying to the above questions you are re-
quested to do so as soon as possiblo, and to number
your answers in the same order that tho questions
are put, and also to be careful to answer each ques-
tion so that no confusion may result from a neglect
in this particular. You aro further desired to ac-
knowledge promptly the receipt of this communica-
tion.
By order of Brevet Brigadier General J. Hnyden:
W. T. HART,
Brevet Major United States A.rmy, Acting Adjutant
General.
That is the way this matter stands. And
now let me ask what harm it will do if, as you
say, a large majority of the people of Alabama
are in favor of this constitution, to send it
back, and let them vote upon it again? Pass
a law, if you please, that the constitution shall
be adopted if a majority of the votes cast are
in favor of it, but do not come hero now, and
in view of all the facts say that it has been
adopted, and that you will appoint to office
these men who have been rejected by the
people.
The bill also provides as a condition prece-
dent to the admission of the State, that its
Legislature shall ratify the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution. What will be the
effect of that? Why, that Congress will, so far
as Alabama is concerned, ratify that amend-
ment. Why? Because Congress appoints the
men who are to compose the Legislature. Con-
gross requires them to do it, and thus the peo-
ple of the northern and western States—some
of which have retracted their ratification of
that amendment—are to have it forced upon
them by the vote of a Legislature of Alabama
appointed by Congress. Why not let Alabama
go through the forms of law before admitting
her? Is it necessary to have two Senators
from that State to aid in the impeachment and
conviction of the President? Surely that will
not be avowed here. Is it necessary to stuff
the ballot-boxes of the North with seventy-one
negro electoral votes from the ten southern
States ? Keep these people under military rule,
and deprive them of tho right of voting, if you
will, but do not perpetrate this outrage upon
the people of the North by making their sev-
enty-one votes stuff the ballot-boxes of the
North. Make them conform to the law at
least.
Preserve what is left of republican liberty
and law. Yon may feel that your candidate,
General Grant, will need the electoral votes
of these ten States. Suppose he does. You
say that he is the most popular man in America.
Let him get their votes when they are repre-
sented at least through the forms of law. Ah,
gentlemen, whenever you set aside the forms
of law, whenever you do it to carry out any
purpose, however necessary or meritorious you
think it is, whenever you put ten Slates into
the hands of a military chieftain, take care that
you do not find yourselves in the same posi-
tion that the horse did when he invited the
man to get on his back to drive tho stag from
the pasture ; he may refuse to dismount when
the work bargained for is done. You may
possibly find, when you are violating laws and
overthrowing constitutions, that there is a
Cromwell in the land, who will say to you that
you are no longer fit to be a Parliament; that
you have disregarded and overthrown the rights
of the people, and that the good of the coun-
try requires that you should be dismissed from
this Hall. Gentlemen who seek to make Con-
gress omnipotent, feeling that in it they are
omnipotent by the subordination of the ex-
ecutive and judicial departments of the Gov-
ernment, if not by their entire overthrow, may
find that they are mistaken, and that the mili-
tary power they seek to foster and encourage
for their own promotion, may in its turn tram-
ple them under its iron heel.
I do not pretend to say that the man you are
in favor of, and whose interests you want to
promote is not as patriotic as any other man
would be under similar circumstances. I know
that from a very obscure position he has, within
a few years, risen to a very high one, and made
himself a necessity to the dominant party here.
I know that he is a man of will and purpose,
and that lie has never allowed ordinary ob-
stacles to thwart him. Missionary Ridge, Vieks-
burg, and Richmond are evidences of that. I
know that he never allowed the sacrifice of
ten or twenty or thirty thousand lives to stand
in the way of the accomplishment of his pur-
poses, and I am not prepared to say that he
would let this Congress control him, especially
if it shows him it is neither governed nor con-
trolled by its own solemn acts. And now you
propose to place the control of ten States in his
hands, and to place their destinies at his com-
mand ; and the leaders of the majority in this
Congress are overthrowing the executive and
the judicial departments of tho Government,
so that he may have the more complete con-
trol of affairs. Let them take care that he prove
not a more potent instrument than they in-
tend ; that he may not be to them, as I said
before, what Cromwell was to the English
Parliament.
I do not impugn the motives of any man,
however widely ho may differ from me. But I
do say that whenever you attempt, for any
reason, to follow the course that is proposed
here, you are sapping and undermining every
bulwark of republican liberty and paving the
way for whatever aggressions may follow, and
they will be excused because of your conduct
here.
You know that these people of the South
areunarmedand defenseless, and are imploring
protection for life, liberty, and property at your
hands; that the whole country, North as well
as South, is feeling the onerous weight of
taxation; that great and oppressive burdens
are laid upon the people to keep up the
Army and the Freedmen's Bureau in the
southern States. You admit that these ne-
groes are not qualified to take part in the Gov-
ernment, far less to control it in the_ South,
from the fact that you must keep armies and
bureaus there to protect and sustain them and
order them how to exercise their rights. They
are in no sense free, independent men, ar.d
this Congress knows it, ana makes them the
mere tools to execute its purposes and pro
mote its ends. They are as clay m the hands
of the potter, molded according to your
wishes.
But I suppose this revolution must progress;
the power of party must be maintained; it is
no time to take a step backward. The Re-
publican j)arty to-day is well described by
Macaulay in the illustration he gave of the pro-
gress of events in English history:
" We said that the history of England is the his-
tory of progress, and when we take a comprchcp-
sive view of it, it is so. But when examined in
small, separate portions, it may with more propriety
be called a history of actions and reactions. We
have often thought that the motion of tho public
mind in Our country resembles that of the sea when
the tide is rising. Bach successive wave rushes for-
ward, brooks, and rolls back; but the great flood is
steadily coming in. A person who looked in the
waters only for a moment might fancy that they
wero retiring or that they obeyed no fixed law, but
were rushing capriciously to and fro. But when he
keeps liis eye 011 them for a quarter of an hour, and
sees one sea-mark disappear after another, it is im-
possible lor him to doubt of tho general direction in
which the ocean is moved. Just such has been the
course of events in England."
And when the progress of the Republican
party is watched, and in a few short years it is
found rushing over a violated Constitution, a
judiciary threatened, an Executive impeached,
its own solemn enactments trampled under
foot, and the States themselves treated as mere
playthings, their officers appointed and their
fundamental laws prescribed and ordained in
these Halls, then it is easy to see in what direc-
tion the Republicans are moving; unless all
the teachings of history are delusions you will
yet be in a revolution that you cannot control.
But waiving all questions of right and power,
and admitting for the sake of argument that
you can rightfully degrade and trample undeJT
foot thepeople of the South, it seems to me te
be sheer madness to attempt to exercise it. Yoa
must know that the only principle by which
republics can be permanently ruled is by the
love and affection of the people, based upon
theprotection afforded to life, liberty, and prop-
erty, and the equality of privileges, civil and
political, afforded to the citizen. Withdraw
protection, degrade, disgrace, and impoverish
the citizen as you propose to do the people
of the South, and how can either fidelity or
affection be expected, or how can a nation
prosper? That they cannot be enslaved you
feel when you remember that they are of your
own blood and lineage—your peers in every
regard. Why, then, attempt it? Why make
enemies of eight millions of people- who aro
giving every pledge that men of honor can
give of their sincere desire to be your friends.
You can secure these southern people as your
friends by adopting a true policy. You can
make them your foes by crushing them in the
dust. A worm will turn when trodden upon ;
a hare will defend its young ; there is no ani-
mal so timid and so abject as not to resist
when pushed so that there is no other means
of escape.
All experience teaches that magnanimity
and generosity to a fallen foe will make him a
friend, while cruelty and oppression will but
intensify his hate. The act which above all
others made Napoleon I the great states-
man of Europe was his proclamation immedi-
ately after the peace of Amiens in 1802, allow-
ing all the Frenchmen who had been banished
during the revolution to return, asserting that
his throne should be built on the love and
affection of his countrymen.
The true secret of Roman greatness lay in.
her clemency to the people she conquered and",
the readiness with which she granted them tht-
rights of citizenship, regardless of the obsti-
nacy of their resistance. Once subdued, ana
the supremacy of the republic acknowledged,
they were protected in all their rights and priv-
