1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2851
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk -will report it.
The Clerk. Strikeout the words "ofthe
duties of the office," and insert "his official
duties."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of order. Is not the pending amend -
ment the one offered by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Judd?]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois moved an amendment, to which an amend-
ment was moved by the gentleman from Ten.-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] just reported, which
was afterward withdrawn by him, but was
renewed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Djslaxo.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. My ques-
tion of order is that this debate has been going
on on the original motion of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Blaise,] to strike out the
scction, whereas the subject before the com-
mittee is the amendment made by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Judd.] Or if there is
an amendment to that amendment pending,
then the debate should be confined to that.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
rule, and then the Chair will decide.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" When debate is closed by order of the House any
member shall be allowed in committee five minutes
to explain any amendment he may offer, afterwhich
any member who shall first obtain the floor shall be
allowed to speak five minutes in opposition to it;
and there shall be no further debate on the amend-
ment; but the same privilege of debate shall be
allowed in favor of and against any amendment that
may he offered to the amendment; and neither the
amendment nor an amendment to the amendment
shall be withdrawn by the mover thereof unless by
the unanimous consent of the committee."
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment was
first proposed by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blaine,] to strike out the section, which
fie debated five minutes, and there was then
live minutes' debate against it, which ex-
hausted debate 011 that proposition. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd] then pro-
posed an amendment to the section, which was
debated by him five minutes, and there was five
minutes' debate on the other side. That ex-
hausted the debate on that amendment. An
amendment to the amendment was then pro-
posed by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Mayxard,] which was debated five minutes on
each side. That amendment was withdrawn,
and lias been renewed several times since, the
debate not being confined to the amendment,
but covering the whole ground. The Chair
sustains the point of order made by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, that under the
rule the debate must be confined to the amend-
ment actually before the committee. Debate
has been exhausted on the former amend-
ments, and none is now in order except such
as pertains to the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. DELANO. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Judd, as follows:
After the word "annum" insert the words "who
shall be subject to removal, orto suspension from the
performance of the duties of the office, only by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate,"
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Blaine to strike out the section.
Mr. GARFIELD. I offer the following
amendment to the section; and I ask the gen-
tleman from Maine to accept it in lieu of his
motion;
Strike out the words " established and constituted
a department of the Government, to be designated
and known as the department of the internal^ rev-
enue," and insert in lieu thereof the word con-
tinued," so that that part of the section will read as
follows: That the office of Commissioner of Internal
Revenue be, and the same is hereby, continued, the
head and chief officer of which department shall be
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, whosesalary
shall be $6,000 per annum.
This amendment strikes out the words which
makes this a department, and it continues the
office of Commissioner of Internal Revenue as
it now is. I want this section to remain,
because the bill repeals all the laws on the sub-
ject, and you therefore, want to reenact, or
rather to put into this bill, a provision for the
continuance of the present officer. I want to
accomplish the same thing the gentleman from
Maine desires without destroying the provi-
sions of the first section.
Mr. BLAINE. I withdraw my amendment
to strike out the section.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection
the amendment will be withdrawn.
Mr. GARFIELD. Now, I will say only a
word more on my amendment. 1 said to-day
that I had no desire to discuss this matter in a
merely political light, and I presume the com-
mittee has no such desire. I am very sorry that
I should feel under the necessity of differing from
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means at the very outset, and I wish to say in
this connection that the bill, as a whole, is a
marvel of work, and of very valuable work
for the House, and that the change I propose
to make, so as to retain the law in its pres-
ent shape in this regard, will, 111 my judgment,
in no way interfere with the general efficiency
of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I feel com-
plimented by my colleague's speaking of this
bill as a marvel of work, a good body that we
have created. I would feel very much more
obliged to him if he would not attempt to take
the soul out of it. He wants to reinstate the
office of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
under the Secretary of the Treasury and the
President just where it now is. I do not;
neither under this nor any other President, this
nor any other Secretary.
The duties of the office of Secretary of the
Treasury do not, if they are rightly performed
in relation to other matters, enable him also to
manage, except through his clerks and subor-
dinates around him, this vast machinery of the
collection of internal revenue, and experience
has proved it.
My colleague says that he does not wish to
consider this in the light of politics at all.
Neither do I; but in the light of facts I do ;
and what are the facts? Why, that as man-
aged by the Secretary of the Treasury, and the
President, and the Commisioner of Internal
Revenue, and the Senate conjointly, it has
proved a failure—a failure, and the country
knows it if Congress does not. The responsi-
bility has been so divided, so diffused, as I
have said over and over again, under the present
construction of the system by which appoint-
ments are made, officers selected, and business
carried on in that Department that it has
resulted in the disgraceful exhibition before the
world of a country and a Government unable
to control its subordinates and collect its reve-
nue at all.
Mr. GARFIELD. Willthegentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Not just now. I have
not, if we look at persons merely, quite as
much confidence in the Secretary of the Treas-
ury as my colleague has.
Mr. GARFIELD. My colleague will cer-
tainly allow me to say a word.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not put it upon the
ground of confidence in a particular man,
whether that man be the President or the Com-
missioner ; but I put it upon the ground that
if you are going to succeed in this matter at
all, you must change your system.
This may be wrong, but it is a conviction
derived from at least five months of close, stu-
dious, careful observation of this whole system
and its working, with a multitude of facts to
enlighten me and those who have been labor-
ing with me in regard to the working of this
system.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him one question?
Mr. SCHENCK. _ Yes, if the committee will
allow me to answer it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to know if
the gentleman does not base his argument, and
whether he has not basecHhe first section of
this bill, upon his supposition or construction
of the Constitution or constitutional authori-
ties, that if we pass this bill it will not legislate
the present Commissioner out of office ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Not entirely upon that; I
do not believe it will.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
believed it would legislate the present Oom-
missionerout of office, would he still desire it?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will be frank enough to
say to the gentleman that I consider that only
a subordinate question. Whether we have this
Commissioner or another, I predict that if you
do not change your system and get one known,
certain, responsible officer at the head of the
department which collects your internal reve-
nue—which is a peculiar kind of labor to be
performed and a service to the country filled
with all that is onerous, and all that is odious
in many respects, all that is difficult, all that
requires activity, vigilance, and honesty—if
you do not do that you will not know to whom
to look, and everything will go wrong hereafter
as it has done heretofore.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. One other question,
and I will not trouble the gentleman further.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] has expired.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire the permis-
sion of the committee to ask the gentleman one
question.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in the power
of the committee to extend auy gentleman's
time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose, then, to move
.that the committee rise for the purpose of
closing debate on this section in ten minutes.
Perhaps, however, this will be agreed to by
unanimous consent.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection
to the proposition that on this section debate
shall terminate in ten minutes?
There was no objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The question which
I desired to propound to the gentleman was
this: whether in his opinion we are likely to
get a better set of revenue officers throughout
the country than we now have, if we give the
entire control of these matters into the hands
of Mr. Johnson, through some creature whom
he may put into the Revenue Bureau or depart-
ment, whichever you call it? Do the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means believe that we should
have a more honest set of officers and that the
revenue would be better collected by allowing
a creature of Andrew Johnson to appoint and
turn out officers at his pleasure from now till
the presidential election'! I would like the gen-
tleman from Ohio, the chairman ofthe commit-
tee, to give his opinion on this point. For my
own part, I have not much faith in any such
proceeding. This is the ground of my objection
to creating a new department and authorizing
the head of that department to appoint all the
revenue officers of the United States.
We have already seen the disposition on the
part of the President, so far as he has been
able to control these appointments, not to col-
lect faithfully and honestly the revenues of the
country, but to appoint, for party purposes,
thieves and swindlers. In my opinion, this
bill, as now framed, will not only continue
this power in the hands of the President, but
greatly enlarge it. If this is to be the effect,
certainly it is very bad policy for the honest
men of this Government to put such power into
his hands. In my own district we have a full
set of revenue officers belonging to the Re-
publican party—good, honest, faithful men. I
believe such is generally the case in the State
of Illinois.
Mr. O'NEILL. I would like to ask the gen-
tlemen a question : how does he get those good
reliable Republicans in office in his district, or
how does he keep them there?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, a part of them
have been kept in office ever since we have had
a Bureau of Internal Revenue. The assessor
in my district was never removed. Ihe col-
lector was removed and an objectionable man
nominated, but the Senate refusing to confirm
him the President at last sent in the name ot
