1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3875
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me I desire to make a suggestion. I
want to go to my room because I have a very
sick headache. I desire to speak some twenty
or thirty minutes on the subject. If the under-
standing should be to-night that J shall have
that opportunity in the morning, I have no
objection to this matter going on ; but I do not
feel well enough to remain here and say what
little I have to say on this subject to-night, and
I therefore would prefer that gentlemen should
understand that the question will not be pressed
before morning.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is perfectly obvious
that it would be useless to press the question
to-night as there is no quorum to-night, and at
this hour it is not at all likely that there will be.
1 feci authorized for one, therefore, to say to
the Senator from Kentucky that I shall not ask
the Senate to vote to-niglit in the absence of a
quorum, as there is not a quorum presentnow.
Mr. DAVIS. That is entirely satisfactory
to me. T withdraw the motion I made.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Before speaking on this
subject I should like to know which one of the
three propositions that have been presented to
our attention is the result of the caucus con-
sultation among the majority of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What did I undex-stand
the Senator to sav ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to know
which one of the three propositions is accept-
able to or acccpted by the majority of the Sen-
ate upon consultation among themselves. It
is hardly necessary to expend logic upon the
two propositions which are not likely to obtain
assent in that quarter. As the thermometer
is now at a very high figure, it would, indeed,
be a very had expenditure of energy and time.
I should like, theiefore, to confine myself to
the one proposition which has a sanction or
some pretense of sanction before it comes up
regularly for debate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should bo very happy,
for one, to gratify the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania if 1 was any wiser upon that sub-
ject than he is ; but inasmuch as the Repub-
lican party always acts from the individual
judgment of its members, and the Democratic
party never does, and the Republican party
therefore generally divides, and the Demo-
cratic party never does, and inasmuch as there
has been no consultation on this subject,_ I
must leave it to the genius of my friend to dis-
cover which he thinks is most likely to be
acceptable to Republicans.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Indiana, [Mr. Mouton,] this after-
noon argued at great length to convince the
Senate that the expressed opinion of one indi-
vidual member of the Democratic party was
the platform of the party. lie went to the
extent of having such an expression of opinion
read by the Chief Clerk of the Senate and sent
forth to the country. Now, the Senator from
Vermont lays down a very different doctrine,
lie insists that the opinions of an individual
member of a party go for nothing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of the Republican party,
I said.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Of the Republican
party? 1 suppose the same principles of
reasoning will apply to one political organiza-
tion that do to another.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not by any means.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Human nature will be
very much the same however men may be
arranged under particular party names or
designations.
Mr. President, the Senator from Indiana
this afternoon exhibited a degree of zeal and
; promptness in the performance ot public duty
which entitles him, perhaps, to some words of
commendation, even from one who_ does not
ordinarily think with him or act with him in
public affairs. We received somewhere about
two o'clock this afternoon by telegraph the
announcement of the nominations made at
New York. Thereupon the Senator from
Indiana was found upon his feet before five
o'clock with a regular piece of declamation,
eloquent in its terms, and earnest in its deliv-
ery, against one of the candidates. Within one
hundred and fifty minutes after the nominations
took place in the city of New York the Sen-
ator from Indiana was upon duty. He is in
the advance guard and may be put down in
the political history of the country as having
made the opening speech of the campaign of
1868. He made it under somewhat unfavor-
able circumstances, without the opportunity
of much previous deliberation, when the tem-
perature was exceedingly inconvenient, and
when the Senate itself was much fatigued.
The Senator from Indiana, instead of com-
mencing with the chief candidate putin nomin-
ation at New York, flies at humbler game.
He selects the gentleman who has been named
for the office of Vice President for the advan-
tage or the disadvantage—whichever it may be—
of his criticism and censure. He had read and
sent forth to the conutry a letter written by
that gentleman recently, giving his expression
of individual opinion as to the proper course
to be pursued by the successful candidate for
the Presidency of the United States; that ho
should repudiate the legislation of Congress
on the subject of reconstruction, that he should
hold it as invalid, and by an energetic exercise
of popular and of legal power with which he
would be clothed in consequence of his election
defeat what has been done and send bacl; this
subject of reconstruction in the southern coun-
try for another determination by the people
concerned. The Senator had that letter read,
and then he announced to us and to the coun-
try that that was the platform of the Dem-
ocratic party. It was a little unfortunate that,
after he had taken here that ground, his friend,
the Senator from Vermont, to-night asserts a
very different doctrine, namely, that a party is
not bound by the expression of opinion which
may proceed from an individual member. 1
beg to tell the Senator from Indiana that that
letter was written by General Blair as a decla-
ration of his own individual opinion. It was
so expressly declared, n,nd it is most clearly so
to be taken. Ho announced his ground as a
candidate for the presidential nomination. He
was not, however, nominated for that office,
and his declaration of opinion looking to such
nomination may be held as of little conse-
quence. Now, sir, what the Senator should
look to when he is concerning himself with the
platform of the political organization to which
he is opposed, is the ollicial record as made up
by the nominating convention.
Mr. STEWART. 1 should be very much
gratified to learn if you indorse that platform?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will answer the Sen-
ator's question in due time ; I am now attend-
ing to the Senator from Indiana. The Senator
from Indiana, by referring to what was done
by the convention at New York when its pro-
ceedings come before him, will find that there
was a platform adopted by the convention for
itself. It took no man's individual opinions
and indorsed tliem; it received no letter as
official and authoritative exposition of its doc-
trine, of its faith, of its opinions, or of its
future policy. It made its own platform, full
and complete, upon all the leading questions
which are now before the country in our polit-
ical discussions ; and by referring to that plat-
form the Senator can get a distinct understand-
ing of the various points of debate which will
be considered in the coming campaign.
As to the personal opinions of General Blair
himself, he is competent to answer. It is not
incumbent upon me, it is not incumbent upon
the Democratic party, to answer for him. Ho
gave an expression of his opinion of what would
be inexpedient in a certain future contingency.
What he and the mass of those concerned in
the nominations at New York agree upon is
this: that the legislation of Congress for the
reorganization of the southern States is not
warranted by the Constitution of the United
States; that by that instrument Congress has
no power to prescribe the rule of suffrage in
any one of the States ; that Congress has no
power to admit a State to representation in
Congress upon conditions or terms relating to
suffrage or relating to anything else which be-
longs to Stale policy alone; that Congress has
no power to admit a State to representation in
Congress upon fundamental conditions which
shall place that State on a different footing
from the other States which compose the Amer-
ican Union ; that Congress has no power by the
establishment of military authority in a State,
superseding all civil authority and civil power,
to organize after its own fashion and accord-
ing to its own pleasure the civil institutions
of a State. Much moie, and beyond all this,
that it is beyond any possible construction of
the Constitution that Congress .shall admit
States as it lias admitted the States of Arkan-
sas and Alabama, with, in the one ease, a con-
stitution rejected under the very law which
authorized the proceeding of reconstruction,
and, in the other ease, a constitution manifestly
rejected by a popular vote of the people, and
only sent here and approved by Congress be-
cause a mass of between two and three thou-
sand utterly illegal votes were taken during a
protracted period of some eighteen days by cer-
tain election officers in that State.
Upon all these various matters pointing to
the invalidity of that scheme of reconstruction
which has been adopted by Congress and pur-
sued by it down to this time, all parties con-
cerned in the convention in New York and all
who agree with them in opinion stand upon
common ground ; and that agreement and that,
opinion are expressed in the platform which
was adopted. But as to a question in the
future, as to what should be or what may be
done after a presidential election shall have
taken place and some man shall have been
elected to the presidential office by virtue of
Democratic votes, there is no decision and
there is no position taken; and manifestly
this arises from the very necessity of the case.
It is impossible that a large association of
men concerned in the business of making a
nomination should now foresee what will be
the condition of the country at that future
time. It is impossible now to foresee what
States will vote for the respective candidates
who will be before the people for their sup-
port. It is impossible to foresee what will be
the course of electoral action in the southern
States themselves. In short, it is impossible
now to take into account or even to conceive
in an intelligible manner all the mass of facts
and circumstances which will surround this
question of reconstruction after the election
iti November next, much less to conceive how
they will stand subsequently after Congress
shall have reassembled and after further meas-
ures shall have been passed by it upon this
subject. I take it for granted that the majority
in Congress arc not done with this question of
reconstruction; they will bo found enacting
laws upon it next winter as they have been
engaged i.i enacting such laws for several win-
ters and for several sessions past. Now, then,
from the very necessity of the case a large body
of men, looking to the present condition of
things and concerned in their platform only
with the declaration of general principles and
with general views upon public policy, could
not specifically state to the country, nor was
it expected that they should, what particular
line of action they would adopt next year if
successful at the coming election. There is,
therefore, no declaration of opinion^ on that
subject; and the Senator from Indiana lias
only the expression of the individual opinion
of th8 gentleman who was selected not for the
principal office of the country, but selected for
the second and subordinate office. He has
the advantage of knowing what that gentle-
man's opinions are and of discussing thein
before the country, and so far as he is con-
cerned holding him responsible for what he has
said.
Mr. President, inasmuch as this question is
up, as it has been raised by the Senator tr om
Indiana, 1 will restate what I have stated
before at the present session. As things now
stand in this country j I am of opinion that the
