444
xrz
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
I desire to make upon that point, sir, is that
the Inst year of Mr. Buchanan's administra-
tion cost the country more than the whole of
Slr. Lincoln's first term, taking gold as the
basis of value and deducting the expenses
growing out of the war, the responsibility for
which rests elsewhere than upon Mr. Lincoln,
his dministration, or the party that electcd
him.
I agree, sir, with what the gentleman said
with regard to the wide-spread demoralization
and terribly debauched condition of the public
heart and conscience at this hour. I agree that
Republicans as well as Democrats have been
affected by it; that there are corrupt office-
holders and Government officials who belong
to the Republican as well as to the Democratic
party. I do not believe that either party can
claim entire exemption from (his great evil.
I disagree with him most distinctly with ref-
erence to the causes that have produced this
demoralization aud the responsibility for its
existence. He charges that the Republican
party has caused it. I say it was produced by
the war and the lax administration of justice
since the war. All war, sir, demoralizes the
people engaged in it or being within its area.
It does so by its opportunities for peculation !
and fraud, by its appeals to the baser passions
of men, and its scenes of carnage and violence
and bloodshed, by overbearing and breaking
down the ordinary restraints of civil govern- |
ment and of society. This is the history of all I
wars, and especially of all civil wars, where j
the contest is not simply between two armies, j
involving perhaps a quarrel between two princes :
ortwo Governments, but where the war involves
the prejudices, the passions, and the institu- i
tions of the people, and all classes of society ,
and all individuals in such Government or coun-
try. The fearful struggle through which we
have just passed was a bitter and remorseless
revolution, involving the first principles of gov-
ernment and society, exciting inborn preju-
dices and passions, involving civil and social
institutions allied to one part of our people
by habit, love of gain, love of ease, lust, and
interest. It was a war essentially between two
people tearing asunder the ties of family, the
relations of church, and the obligations of
society, arraying brother against brother and
father against son, and overbearing all the ordi-
nary restraints of family and church and society
and civil government.
Now, does any thoughtful man suppose that
such a war as this could exist in this or any
other country, in this or any other age, con-
tinue for four and a half years, and send to
their graves a half million men, and not
produce wide-spread and fearful demoraliza-
tion ; or that the passions and prejudices and
antipathies aroused by such a war would pass
away " like the morning cloud and early
dew?" If there be any such man, he is like
the fool who stood beside the Mississippi river
and expected to see all the waters of that
great river pass by him in one short summer.
Out of this war arose all this demoralization
that the gentleman asserts was produced by
the Republican party.
But i wish to call attention to another Cause
that has increased and intensified aad multi-
§lied fourfold this demoralization and de-
auchery of public sentiment existing at the
close of the war. The moral judgment and
heart of the American people believed that
treason was a crime. They believed and felt
that no prosperous and happy nation, such as
we were until the commencement of this war,
could be precipitated into such a struggle ;
could lose so many lives and expend so much
treasure without there being fearful crime and
absolute wickedness and guilt apon the part
of somebody. They expected that when the
war closed at least the leaders and prominent
men in this most infamous Crime ever com-
mitted in the history of man should be pun-
ished ; while they were willing that the masses
of the people who went into the rebellion
should be treated liberally, magnanimously,
and generously, yet the conscience and heart
of the people demanded and expected that the
leaders should be punished.
But when Mr. Johnson was lifted into his
high position by the murder of the people's
beloved President, and he turned away from
the promises and pledges that he had made,
and failed to have these leaders punished, but
instead of punishing them commenced a sys-
tem of wholesale pardon ; took these crim-
inals into his council, determined to restore
them to power and place; gave them the con-
trol of the pretended State governments organ-
ized in the rebel States by him without author-
ity of law ; turned the best men out of office
and appointed the worst men to fill their
places j only retained Republicans who were
willing to sell their principles for place and
power, thus offering a premium for rascality
and meanness ; encouraged and rewarded dis-
honesty by continuing and appointing bad men
to high places, official corruption became a
mania spreading all over the land.
The mail who does not know from history
that the repression of crime and tbo preserva-
tion of society from these evils and demoral-
ization are more matters of administration than
matters of law—that they depend more upon
the administration of justice and the adminis-
tration of law than upon enactments, has read
the history of society of governments to very
little purpose.
Everybody remembers, and the facts have
passed into history, that when Mr. Johnsqp
turned away from the party that elected him
and from the pledges he had made, hordes
of desperate and wicked men from every
part of the country—broken-down political
hacks, pardon-brokers, male and female, office-
brokers, and the refuse from all parties—con-
gregated at Washington, throngingthe avenues
of the Administration, securing the dispensa-
tion of the patronage of the Government, and
augmenting and increasing the corruption and
vices already so fearfully prevalent 
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to a question of
order. I would inquire whether in a debate
upon meters for the measurement of whisky
it is proper to refer to political measurements
or not?
The SPEAKER. The point of order having
been made, the Chair will rule that the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Pile] must confine
himself to the joint resolution before the House.
Mr. PILE. I was replying to remarks upon
this very line of argument made here yester-
day and upon this very question.
'i'he SPEAKER. That is very true; but no
point of order was made upon those gentlemen
yesterday and the Chair did not arrest the
debate. But when the point of order is made
the Chair must rule that debate must be con-
fined to the measure before the House, except
in the Committee of the Whole, where there is
greater latitude of debate.
Mr. CHANLER. I was not present yester-
day when the debate took the latitude to which
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Pile] has
referred. Under the circumstances I will
withdraw my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The point of order having
been withdrawn the gentleman from Missouri
will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. CHANLER. Before I take my seat I
would like to have the gentleman explain
wherein this political matter touches the meter
question. , —
Mr. PILE. The connection was made by
the gentlcmeti oti the other side yesterday. I
am showing that the Democratic party is re-
sponsible for the very state of things which the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] says
was caused by the Republican party.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman roust not
judge the Democratic party, for he does not
belong to it.
Mr. PILE, t am not judging; I am relating
history, upon which I ask the House and the
country to judge the Democratic party. I was
stating what are matters of history; that from
the hour to which I have referred this crime,
this demoralization, this wide-spread debauch-
ery and official corruption, especially this pec-
ulation of Government officials in the collec-
tion of taxes, have gone on increasing with
every successive month until this hour.
Now, when we come to estimate the causes
i which have produced this state of things and
to fix the responsibility for them, we must go
to the causes which produced the war, for out
. of the war and out of this lax administration
of justice has arisen the state of things to
which I have referred.
Without referring to the history of the Dem-
ocratic party previous to the war, as I intended
to do, and specifying the classes who left that
party and joined with the loyal people of the
country in suppressing the rebellion, and giving
honor to those who did so, and fixing the
responsibility of the war upon that party, the
majority of its leaders, and its principal press—
without doing that I will simply detain the
House to say that the men who are responsible
i for these things are the men in the South who
made war upon the Government, and the men
in the North who sympathized with them and
aided and abetted them, with here and there
a Union man and a Union soldier sandwiched
in between them, but not enough of them to
leaven and save the putrid and corrupt mass.
These rebels South and their friends North
constitute the present Democratic party. And
j upon the men who now compose that party,
upon their public press, from "Brick" Pom-
eroys, in Wisconsin, to the New York World,
; and upon their leaders, from Henry Clay
| Dean, of Iowa, up through all the grades of
!i Vallandighams, and Seymours, and Pendle-
tons, and Tombs, and Rhetts, and Orrs, and
; Davises, rests the responsibility for this war,
: for every dollar of the public debt created by
the war, for the demoralization and peculation
!: to which this debt gives occasion in the specific
^ direction referred to yesterday by the gentle-
: man from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] this party
I and these men are responsible. And when the
< calm and inexorable days of history shall come,
' as come they will, the verdict will be that
I "this is the work of their hands, the fruit
of their doings.'' Upon the men who compose
the Democratic party will be fixed the respon-
sibility for all the wretchedness and corruption
and demoralization that have grown out of
this war and the lax Administration that fol-
lowed it.
Yet, sir, this party that has been thus the
" sty in the eye, the polypus in the nose, the
cancer in the heart" of the Government, cor-
rupting its life-blood, is the party in favor of
which the gentleman from 'Illinois asks the
representatives of the loyal people to abdicate!
Wny, sir, such a proposition almost takes one's
breath. This is the party and this the class of
men whom gentlemen on the other side of the
House are endeavoring to sugar-coat and white-
wash, to prune and garnish, that they may wash
it dotvn the throats of the American people by
the crocodile tears that they and the leaders
to whom I have referred shed over the suffer-
ings of the people, which sufferings they are
responsible for producing. But they are en-
gaged in a hopeless task. This rotten and
putrid carcass cannot be revivified and brought
back to life. I know that—
" The withered branchcs of a tree
If lopped with care a strength may give
By which the rest shall bloom and live.
All greenly fresh and wildly free.
"But when"—
As in this case—
"But when the lightning in its wrath
The waving boughs with fury scathe.
The mighty trunk the ruin feels
And never more a leaf reveals."
One word in regard to the resolution before
the House and I shall have said all I intended
to say.
Mr. MARSHALL. In this connection will
the gentleman yield to me for a moment ?
Mr. PILE. I yielded to the gentleman yes-
terday and I think I must decline now.
Mr. MARSHALL Why, the gentleman
held the floor yestfctdiy by my courtesy.
