3876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
presidential election of 1868 must be dccided
by those States which are now represented in
Congress. Of course 1, in common with half
at least of the electoral population of the Uni-
ted States, believe that this whole system of
reconstruction is invalid under the Constitu-
tion, and that it can have no validity in future
time except it get it from popular assent. I
agree that if the people concerned in the
southern States shall acquiesce in that system
in the course of time it may become valid, just
as in the case of a corporation where, by a sup-
plemental act, the purpose or object of the
corporation is entirely changed and there is a
right in any one of the corporators to object to
that change and to take the supplemental act
into a court of law or a court of equity and
have it pronounced invalid and to escape its
operation altogether; yet if such stockholder
stand by, if he acquiesce in what is done by
his corporation in accepting the supplement
and acting under it, in the course of time he,
as well as all others concerned in the corpora-
tion, become bound by the law. And just so
in the case of the Slates of the South with
which our legislation is concerned. If the
inhabitants ot those States shall accept this
system of reconstruction, if they shall proceed
to act under the laws relating to it, and by open
and notorious conduct through a series of
years shall give to that system their assent and
acquiescence, they may become bound by it.
The Senator does not expect that consum-
mation ; at least he does not expect it within a
reasonable time. AH the apparent assent that
he will get from the great mass of the white
population of the South in the present year or
within any reasonable period of time will be
coerced ; it will be given under duress ; it will
not constitute a sanction for his legislation.
Although these persons may go to some of the
elections and formally vote, yet, protesting as
they will against the entire system, you cannot
infer their assent and their acquiescence.
But there is another kind of acquiescence
and assent—from my point of view less con-
clusive, but, perhaps, for all practical pur-
poses equally efficacious—which is the assent
of a majority of the people of the northern and
adhering States deliberately given. That has
never been given to your system of reconstruc-
tion. It is only necessary to refer to notorious
i'acts to establish this.
In I860 you sent down to the Legislatures
of the several States a constitutional amend-
ment for adoption, which proposed some half
a dozen things all in one amendment com-
bined, united together, and to be accepted or
to be rejected as an entire thing. You held
your elections for the present Congress in that
year, and in view of that proposition of con-
stitutional amendment, and you obtained ma-
jorities in most of the adhering States. But
there has been since that time no general pop-
ular election throughout the northern States
to select members of Congress ; and you now
go to the people for the first time upon all
these measures which you have adopted since
1866. You now submit to them in the elec-
tions of the present year your reconstruction
act of March 2, 18G7 ; of March 23, 1867 ; of
July 19, 1867; and of the 11th of March, 1868,
and the more recent acts readmitting certain
of those States of the South to renewed repre-
sentation in the two Houses of Congress. All
this body of legislation is to be submitted by
you to the people in the adhering States for
the lirst time in the elections of the present
year. They have never pronounced their
opinion upon the reconstruction laws except
ind irectly and partially in the elections of last
year ; and as there was then no choice in most
of the States of members of Congress, as the
elections were mainly for State officers alone,
their expression of opinion was not so distinct
and emphatic as it will be the present year,
when the gentlemen in the other House of
Congress who have been voting upon these
measures go home and submit themselves once
more to the judgment of their constituents, to
be reelected or to be Condemned, as the case
may be, and according as the currents of pub-
lie opinion may run in their several districts.
What I have to say then, Mr. President, is
this: you are to go to the people of the adher-
ing States now represented m Congress, and
submit your policy to their judgment. If you
get their concurrence and their approval, you
will have a sanction for your course, for pur-
suing the policy which you have heretofore
adopted and pursued.
This leads me to the third thought which I
intended to present in rising to speak in answer
to the Senator from Indiana. The first idea
already mentioned is that your reconstruction
system must receive to its justification a popu-
lar sanction in the States directly concerned,
which must be the work of time if it shall ever
be given. In the next place, an inferior sanc-
tion, but one which may bo thought efficacious,
may be given in the adhering States, North,
West, and in the central section of the Union
where your policy upon reconstruction has
never yet been submitted, has never yet been
approved. They may give an indorsement
(though not a justification) of what you have
done. But now there is a third mode or man-
ner of obtaining assent and approval, or at
least indorsement of your policy, which some
gentlemen propose, and which is indicated in
the present measure; and that is this: that
although you may despise the assent of the
white population in the southern States.al though
you may not require that it it shall be given to
your policy, and although when you go to the
people of the adhering States a majority may
decide against you, may condemn the policy
of reconstruction which you have adopted, you
will still have a resource in the extremity of
your fortunes.
This bill points to it. What is the bill? That
the States of the South that you have admitted
here into Congress shall vote in the presiden-
tial election, and that those that you do not
receive and approve shall not vote.
That is your proposition, to pick out certain
of these States and count their electoral votes
and to lefuse votes to the others. This is a
most extraordinary proposition. One thing is
certain, it willnot be misunderstood ; it will be
perfectly comprehended in this country from
one end to the other ; that you shall not have
the assent of the people in the South to your
work of reconstruction, those who were for-
merly electors, recognized as such ; that you
shall not have the assent of a majority of the
adhering States to your work ; but that you
shall make up and count up a majority by
picking out States, by selecting among them,
counting the votes of such as you please, and
rejecting the votes of the others. That is this
bill, and it is to be sent forth at the present
session as a parting gift by the Fortieth Con-
gress to the American people.
Virginia is not to vote. Why shall she not
vote? Let me take the case from your stand-
point, departing for the time being from mine.
You have said that these ten States of the
South shall be restored to representation in
Congress and in the Electoral Colleges upon a
particular scheme which you have devised, with
certain supplemental or fundamental condi-
tions added as a sort addendum to the system,
when the States actually come here through
their representatives. Now, the proceeding
has been perfected in seven States, and their
electoral votes are to be counted; laut how is
Virginia to stand? A convention was held and
a constitution formed some time since. The
convention adjourned, and what was the next
information we had ? There was to be no elec-
tion because there were no funds for holding
it. All lite moneys which you had voted to the
purpos s of reconstruction, so far as the share
of Virginia was concerned, were exhausted,
and the election could not be held. That was
announced, and the information sent here.
What was done? Nothing. We have voted
money for almost every imaginable object
except holding an election in Virginia, and I
take it for granted there is to be no appropria-
tion at the present session.
We have had committees in both Houses
laboriously engaged in seeking out all the cor-
ners of our revenue and of our expenditure
systems; but never once has a committee in
either House cast its glance upon this State of
Virginia and upofi the pressing demands of
reconstruction there. No election has been
ordered, no money has been voted, no step
taken to perfect the work whichavas begun and
carried on to the point of a formation of a con-
stitution in that State; and you are about to
adjourn, leaving her in that condition, without
the necessary means to hold the election under
your own reconstruction laws; and now you
are about to pass a bill to prevent her holding
voluntarily an election for presidential electors
and casting her vote in an Electoral College.
You forbid her to act even by the registered
voters whose names have been enrolled under
your own laws and with the cooperation of the
authorities which you yourselves have set up
in that State.
What are we to understand by this ? Why,
evidently, that some gentlemen think that the
vote of the Stale is not certain to be cast in the
direction they desire.
Mississippi is also to be counted out, though
I believe they are holding an election in that
State. There is Texas also. Why should she
not vote? One thing is certain. The majority
in Congress have had complete control over
this whole subject from the beginning, and
there has been no indisposition to exercise that
control. It only needed the will, and each one
of these three States would now be in thesame
situation as the other seven, or, at all events,
there would have been an election held in each
and a decision made upon the question of the
acceptance or rejection of a constitution in
conformity with the reconstruction laws.
Mr. President, can any one state a reason
founded upon any principle of equality and
fairness why three of these States should by
act of Congress be forbidden to vote in the
presidential election, while the other seven
are permitted? Especially, can there be any
justification for this bill when the majority in
Congress is itself responsible for the whole
management of reconstruction, and for the
existing condition of all these Slates? I pass,
however, to another consideration.
Why should this bill be passed with refer-
ence to any purpose of counting or rejecting
electoral votes? What necessity is there for
it? Next winter the same Senate and thesame
House of Representatives will convene. They
will be in session until the 4th of March, when
the Congress will expire. They will possess
the same powers which they now hold, and
may now exercise. If there be any necessity
to pass any law in regard to the counting of
electoral votes it can be done then and done
by the same men who will now pass this bill.
There is no necessity for passing a bill of
this kind at present in order to avoid difficulty
in the counting of electoral votes. Is not this
but anticipating trouble which may never arise?
Do you know that there will be any contro-
versy to settle at all by such a law ? It is all
conjecture. You are borrowing trouble from the
future of which you have no evidence, and
which if it shall come may be determined when
it comes better than now. Why, then, I re-
peat, should this bill be passed at present?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my triend from
Pennsylvania permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask my friend
whether he thinks that the appropriate method
of determining such a question is by the joint
convention of the two Houses when they meet
to count the votes, or by a rule proscribed by
law in advance ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am coming to that.
The question anticipates the course of my re-
! marks. Assuming that you have power to pass
| such a bill, can it not be passed at the next
j session of Congress, as well as now ? Can it
not meet an actual emergency when it is
I known better than anticipate it before it lias
! occurred?
