328
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[J une 3,
Ho; of Reps.
Contested-Election Case—Mr. Morgan.
40th Cqxg....2d Sffl.
poli of this township should be rejected upon
that ground alone; but when it is considered
that the action of the judges of the election
was grossly corrupt, criminal, and that-a large
number of the citizens of other States were
there allowed to vote, it makes a case of such
accumulated wrongs thatthere can bo no doubt
that both taw and justice demand that the entire
vote be rejected. And I now call the atten-
tion of the House to the ruling of Justice
BmkerhofF, of the sujpreme courtofOhio, con-
curred m by Murdocs, Cox, and Force, J. J.,
(all members of the, Republican party,) at the
district court for Hamilton county, Ohio :
"It was correetlystated by Mr. Pugh as a universal
law governing all elections that, throwingasidemere
iorms, the only question is, who has received the
most legal votes? The point as to the want of the
signatures of tue judges to the papers touchcd a
mere i&fSttBrof form. The object was only to authen-
ticate tho paper, and it was competent to authenti-
cate by other means as it was by the oath of the
recorder. So, also, as to the administration of an
oath to the judges.^ They were sworn as a matter of
fact, and acted as judges do facto,
" It was beyond dispute, however, that for about
the space of two hours the judges and cleik of elec-
tion left the polls and took tho ballot-box away,
returning afterward and resuming the election.
There is no pretense that the ballot-box was tam-
pered with but that the judges rather acted in ignor-
ance of what their duties were.
" The court is of opinion that such conduct on the
part of tho judges goes to the substance of the elec-
tion, and renders it void in toto. The statute pre-
scribes that the polls shall be opened at a given hour
in the morning and closed at a given hour in the
afternoon. It was the express design of tho Legisla-
ture that all tho time between these hours the polls
should be kept open ior tho convenience of any
elector who may choose to present his ballot. The
courtdoes not agree with counsel that it lies on the
party contesting the election to show affirmatively
that the closing the polls influenced the result. The
law gives the elector the privilege of consulting his
own convenience as to what hour of the day he will
visit the polls, and it is a fair presuoiption that if the
polls were temporarily closed for dinner, as was
proved, a portion of the electors were deprived of
thatprivilege, The writ was, therefore, well brought
against Mr. Ritt, who claimed the majority, but the
same state of facte also oxcludes Mr. Brown, the
relator, from the offieo of mayor.
"Murdoek, Cox, and .Force, J J., concurred.
In the case of Burch vs. Van Horn, decided
during the present session of Congress, the
Committee of Elections, by their unanimous
report, say:
"Each of the States of the Union have hitherto
regulated Miffragein their own limits for themselves
and in such manner as the people of the State deemed
most conducive to their own interests and welfare."
Such a remarkable concession on the part
of the Committee of Elections is encouraging.
But if the State has the right to pass laws
regulating elections within the State, it will
not be denied that it belongs to the State
courts to construe those laws ; and the House
of Representatives has even professed to be
governed in its action as to State laws by the
construction given to those laws by the State
courts,, And oow, Mr. Speaker, with these
facts before them, I ask the members of this
House, whether they are prepared to assume
the responsibility of rejecting tho vote of Pike
township against which no fraud has been even
charged; and retain the vote of Blue Kock
township, all steeped in fraud, illegality, and
corruption as it. is? If they are, then they
should frankly declare that they reject Pike
township, though free from the taint of fraud,
because it gave the sitting member 140 ma-
jority ; and that they retain the vote of Blue
Kock, although reeking with corruption, be-
cause that township gave a Republican majority
of 117 votes, being 50 more votes than there
were legal voters in the township. Sir, such
action may satisfy the conscience of this House,
but it will not satisfy the people, for intelli-
gent men of all parties will feel that in the
action ot this House, a serious blow has been
struck at the right of election by the people.
clinton township,
Among the grounds urged by the contestant
why he was entitled to a seat upon this floor,
was that the judges of the election in a num-
ber of lown.'hipri h:xl cmsim-ui'od to count (Hit
the vote beiore ma. o clock in the cveuinir. lie
did not charge or attempt to show by proof
that any fraud had been committed or even
attempted, or that any advantage had been
takea by the friends of the sitting member;
but, sir, he asked the committee to throw out
the entire vote, to disfranchise all the^ifcizens,.
Republicans and Democrats alike, of the town-
ships of Adams, Crawford, and Oxford, in Co-
shocton county ; of Liberty, in Knox county;
of Harrison, in Licking county; and of Mus-
kingum, Perry, and Washington townships, in
Muskingum county. Nor did he stop here.
He asked to have the vote of Harrison township,
Knox county, thrown out, solely because the
judges of the election adjourned the counting
out of the vole precisely as they were author-
ized to do by the laws of Ohio. Well, sir, rep-
resenting the people whose rights were assailed
by the contestant; defending the right of the
majority to be represented by the person of
their choice, in my answer 1 alleged certain
grave illegalities against the vote polled m the
city ot Mount Vernon and the township of
Clinton. And as to the law and the facts
relative to tho vote of this township, I read
from the minority report;
/'Within the corporate limits of this township is
situated the incorporated city of Mount Vernon,
divided into live wards. The constitution of Ohio"
requires doctors to vote in the county, township, and
ward in which they reside. Tho laws of that State
require:
" That each township in the several countics shall
compose an election district, unless such township
is now, or bhall hcreaiter b<\ divided by law into
more districts than one; the election to bo held at
such place in such township oi distuct as tho trustees
m each townbhip shall dnect; and oa*..h ward of any
city that is or may be divided into wards shall com-
pose an election district; the elections therein to bo
held at t>uch places as tho members, ol tho city council-
lor their ielective waids shall direct; and m ail
elections holden under this act they shall serve as
judges, and periorm the duties lequirod of township
trustees in like cases. (Act of May 3, 1852; oU Ohio
Laws, Jll; Swan and (Jr., >SM t, p. sees. 15,1 >J
" That if cither of the trustees, common councilman,
or clerk of any township shall tail to attend at the
time and place of holding elections, or if either of
them should be a candidate for a State or county
office, then it shall bo the duty of the electors present
to chooae^tHoa ovca, suitable pcisons, (as the case
may require,) having the qualifications of electors,
to act as judges or clerk (as the ca&o may be) of the
election. (Act ol April 2, 1801'; 6(5 Ohio Laws, lit);
1 Swan and Cr., p. 5oo, sec. iiO.)
."Ko person bhall be permitted to vote at any elec-
tion unless he shall have been an actual resident of
the State for one year next preceding the eleciion,
and an actual resident of the county tor thirty days
next preceding the election, and an actual resident
of the township or ward twenty days next preccdmg
the election, (Actof Jtfayl, 1857, 51 Ohio Laws, lab;
1 Swan and Cr., p. 543, sec. 71.)
"Any person who shall wilUully vote in any town-
ship or waid in which liehaa not actually resided for
twenty days next preceding tho election, shall, on
conviction thereof, be impiisoried in the jail of the
proper county not more than six mouths nor less
than one month." (Act of May 1, 1357; 1 Swan and
(Jr., p. 544, sec. 85.)
" Nothing in this act contained, so far as the same
i elates jo the length oi time required of a voter to
reside in the township or waid whoro he oiieih to
vote, shail be held, taken or construed to apply to
any voter who is the head of a iamil>, who shall
bona fide remove with his family hoin one waid into
another within tho corporate limits ol any city within
the tianie county." (Act oi May 1, 18ti<; Swan and
Or., p. 541, see. 85.)
"That all elections hereafter to be holden for"
* * " [Representatives to Confess
shall bo held and conducted m the manner prescribed
by this act.'"
" In the city of Mount Vernon no election was held
according to (<nc. j\To attempt tea9 made to hold any
ejection in said city as Mich, or m the respective 'tear is
thereof. An election was neld within the temtoiial
limits of the fourth ward, but it was held as a town-
ship not as a ward election, and was held by the
trustees of Clinton township, neither of whom was a
councilman or otneer ot the city. At this election
the electors of the township, including the eit$r,
voted. The votes ot the citizens of the city and
those ol the citizens of the township outside the city
were alldepo&ited m tho samcballot-box. The polls,
were closed by the officers oi this election from thirty
to sixty minutes between twelve m. and one o'clock
p.m., and the ballot-box and poll-books were car-
ried away and kept by the officers, all of whom were
tho political friends of the contestant. (See the
decision of Justice iirmkerhoff, referred to in con-
nection with Blue Itock township.) Thewoiking-
men in the foundries and workshops of the c-itv gen-
erally voted during their dinner hour, from twelve
to one o'clock, and were liable to losnwn^s il absent
to \utt> at another hour. (Pr. U, pp. .V>, 'i\ \, lUU\
ft. 1, pp. i'ii, l.JJ.) Tho ;;eucial election,«i\n M niton 1
township appear to- have been holden as this eleefcioja
was during tho preceding thirteen or fourteen years?
for some unexplained reason iguoring the existence
of tho city and disregarding the plain- lekter of tins
law. One of the officers of the election,, John
Itceve, refused to administer the oath to many per-
sons challenged by thehiends ot the eontostec. and
unlawfully and fraudulently deposited their ballots
in utter disregard ot thedtemandsof competent chal-
lengers, and thus committed felonies punishable by
imprisonment iii the penitentiary of tlie State. The
law says5 that—
M If any judge" * * * * "shall refuse
or sanction the refusal by any other judge of the
board to which he shall belong to administer either
of tho oaths or affirmations prescribed by the thir-
teenth and fifteenth sections of this act" * *
* * "(to be administered to any person whoso
i ijdit to vote is challenged,) he &hall be imprisoned in
t he penitentiary and kept at hard labor for not more
than five years nor less than one year."
But, Mr. Speaker, notwithstanding all these
violations of law, notwithstanding the majority
of the committee have rejected this vote, as
judically they were bound to do, I do not ask
that the vote of Clinton township and of the
city of Mount Vernon shall be rejected. For
allowing the contestant the entire majority
declared for him in that township and city,
illegal votes and all, the sitting member still
has a majority of 361 over the contestant.
Mr. Speaker, this is probably the first time
in the hibtory of our Government that a report
of the majority of a committee seeking to give
a seat to the contestant, shows in their report
that a majority of the legal votes polled at the
election were against him. In order to give
Mr. Delano 81 majority it became necessary
to disfranchise 202 votes j every one of whom?
with the exception of the 11 claimed to have
not reported under thedraft, are acknowledged
to be legal voters.
The fact stands thus: while it is admitted
that a majority of the legal votes cast at that
election in the thirteenth district were against
thecontestant, and while thatfaetis undisputed
either by the contestant or by the gentleman
Who represent him, still with that majority
acknowledged and reported against him, it is
proposed to oust the Representative chosen by
the people and place in his stead the candidate
rejected by the people.
The facts in regard to Pike township I xvill
very briefly repeat out of consideration to
honorable gentlemen whom I now see upon
the floor who were not present when I dis-
cussed that subject. By the laws of Ohio the
three township trustees constitute the judges
of election. At the election in Pike township
the three trustees did preside as judges of elec-
tion. No fraud, no illegality of any kind is
charged against those judges or any of the
electors ot that, township. But it is simply
claimed that one of the judges neglected to
roport when dratted ; and for this reason, and
,ibr this alone, it is proposed by the majority of
tho committee to disfranchise the entite town-
ship.
1 desire to call the attention of the House to-
another fact in the case. The law regulating
contested elections passed in 1851 requires that
the contestant shall serve upon the sitting
member a notice, in which he shall particu-
larly specify the grounds of contest. Now.
sir, in the notice served upon the sitting mem-
ber there was no allegation made in regard to
the township ot Pike. The sitting member
received no notice that any question would be
made before this body upon any such ground,
and he was only made aware of that fact when
the brief ot the contestant was filed before the
Committee of Elections.
Now, I beg leave to eorrcct a stateme.it
made by my honorable colleague, [Mr. Law-
kexcu, of Ohio.] when he stated that there is
no instance in the history of Congress in which
a deicctive notice decided the action of the
House against the contestant. The honorable
gcn.leman is mistaken, I refer him to the ca^e
<>?. ^\aight vs. Fuller, Barclay's Contested
Eucliona, 1 o'2. In that ea^e one of the speci-
"•■aiton* is'1!, a gionnd of content, thai
'.iseie rtuo "m the reception of vytco.
