pea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2853
Jn line thirteen, after the word "clerks^" tbe
fallowing:
Thai bo female? shall bo employed'other
than wives, widows, or daughters of soldiors Who
served in the late war.
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment for
the purpose of giving preference to the rela-
tives of those who have fought the battles of the
country, and who in many cases have become
poor and needy by reason of service performed
for. the Government. That is all I have to say
on that subject.
Mr. UPSON. On which side may they have
served in the war?
Mr. SELYE. No matter, sir. [Laughter. ]
No one supposes we are legislating here for
rebels who never have been in the service of
the country. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to insert after the
word "served" the words "in the Army of
the United States."
Mr. SELYE. I accept that.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I know
of at least one case where an orphan sister is
the only representative of a dead soldier,
and she is now employed. Does the gentle-
man mean to turn her out? [Laughter.]
Mr. SELYE. Not at all; take her in.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Them might be mothers
also who have lost sons in the war.
Mr. SELYE. Very well; we will take in
sisters and mothers of those who served in the
war.
The Clerk read the amendment, as modified,
as follows:
Provided, That no females shall be employed other
than wives, widows, daughters, sisters, or mothers
of soldiers who served in the Array of the United
.States in the late war.
Mr. SELYE. I have one word more to
say and that is, I am credibly informed and
believe it to be true that more than half the
females employed now in the Secretary of the
Treasury's office and in the Commissioner's
office, or any other Department of the Gov-
ernment are daughters of wealthy men in this
city who opposed the war and are rebels yet.
Mr. MAYNARD. Allow me to speak in
behalf of anotherclass of ladies, some of whom
I know are in the Departments. They are
not connected, as I am aware, with soldiers,
but they themselves were engaged in the hos-
pital service of the country during the war
and they labored faithfully and honestly, and
in many instances impoverished themselves.
Mr. SELYE. Very well, iuclude them.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 desire to suggest to the
gentleman that he lias omitted the Navy and
the Marine corps. Although not as numerous
as the Army, I know of no reason for drawing
a distietion, if we arc going to put this in the
bill.
Mr. ALLTSON. Will the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to askthe gentle-
man if he thinks this to be a proper subject of
legislation? It is to be presumed that we will
have some patriotic man in this office of Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue who will select
this class of persons for appointments, and I
am satisfied that if we undertake to designate
particular classes we shall omit many meritori-
ous and worthy persons.
Mr. 1NGERS0LL. I would suggest that
this amendment flies in the face of our idea of
the equality of all persons before the law.
Mr. ALLISON. I am obliged to the gen-
tleman for the suggestion. I only wanted to
ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means if lie thinks this a proper subject
of legislation ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
answering the gentleman. I do not think this
a proper amendment to go into this bill. It
should be the subject of independent legisla-
tion. This House has already voted, that the
appointing power ought to make this distinc-
tion in the appointment of persons" to office.
I am warmly in favor of making such distinc-
tion, and I think it ought.to be made; but I
am sorry to say, however, that very little regard
is paid by the appointing power either to ihe
recommendations, resolutions, or legislation
of Congress on this subject.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio if we have not provided by
taw, in increasing the force in the Third Audit-
or's office, that soldiers should be appointed?
Mr. SCHENCK. That was a temporary
arrangement.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, I suppose this
may be a temporary arrangement.
Mr. SCHENCK. The time will come, how-
ever, when we shall have nobody of the class
designated to fill these places.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then we can change
the law.
The question was taken on Mr. Selye's
amendment, and it was disagreed to—ayes 40,
noes 57.
Mr. SELYE. I move now to insert after
the word "clerks," in line thirteen, the fol-
lowing:
Or as many thereof as may be necessary: Provided,
That each omcer and employe shall perform duty at
least eight hours each day, or in accordance wish
law.
Mr. Chairman, I am most earnestly opposed
to this six-hour system which has grown up in
the different Departments of this Government
contrary to the pecuniary interest of the Gov-
ernment, contrary to the interest of all em-
ployes, contrary to law ; and above all, contrary
to the future welfare, morals, and general pros-
perity of all young men and ladies who are
allowed to practice that system while employed
by the Government. Who does not know that
the cloven-footed devil is always looking up the
idlers : and where does he lead to? Is it not
to the faro-bank, the billiard-tables, and the
drinking hell-holes in this city of sin and ini-
quity ; whereas if they were employed the usual
time all such temptations would be avoided, to
a great extent at least, and the officers of the
Government, whose duty it is to see that the
laws of the country are faithfully executed, will
have the satisfaction of knowing that they have
not daily violated the law of the land or con-
tributed to sustain a system so pernicious and
ruinous t.o all who are thus employed.
The following is the existing law in relation
to the hours of labor. 1 read section twelve
of the act to reorganize the General Land
Office, approved July 4, 1886. (Statutes-at-
Large, vol. 5, page 112 :)
" From the 1st day of the month of October until
the 1st day of the month of April in each and every
year the General Lund Office and all the bureaus
and offices therein, as well as those in the Depart-
ments of the Treasury, War, Navy, State, and (gen-
eral Post Officc, shall be open tor the transaction of
the public business at least eight hours in each and
every day, except Sundays, and the 2oth day of
December; and tiom the 1st day of April until the
1st day of October m each year all the aforesaid
offices and bureaus shall be kept open for tbe tiab-
action of the public business at least ten hours in
each and every day, exceptSundays and the 4th day
of July.'' J
Besides, Mr. Chairman, can any man suc-
ceed in any bniness of any kind, professional
or otherwise, by laboring only six hours out
of twenty-four? The population of this nation
could not be clothed and fed under any such
system. What would become of your income-
tax if all of the people should adopt the six j
hour rule? We ail know that there would be j
no income-tax—not one dollar. Is there one :
single member in this House who has accu- j
mulated anything like a competency for him- ;
self and family by laboring six hours per day? i
If none, why require the people to pay a tax j
to support a system that no man of usual !
energy, industry, and integrity ever practiced, !
or ever will, and at the same time pay their
honest debts. I hope, sir, this amendment
will be adopted.
The question was taken on the amendment:
and there were—ayes 52, noes 45.
Mr. SCHENCK called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendments being offered to the
third section, the Clerk read tbe fourth see-
| tion, as follows:
_ Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted. That tho Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue shall organize a system
for thedistributien of labor .and duties in his depart-
ment by establishmgsix divisions therein, to each one
ot which .shall be referred whatever relates to a par-
ticular class of subjects, as follows:
Division No. 1—All that relates to special taxes,
and taxes on sales and gross receipts.
Division No. 2.—All that relates to stamps.
Division No. 3.—All that relates to taxes on lega-
cies and successions, incomes and salaries, banks and
other corporation.-;.
Division No. 4.—All that relates to thetaxes ondis
tilled spirits and oils.
Division JN'o. 5.—All that relates to the taxes on
tobacco, snuff, and cigars, and fermented liquors.
Division No. 6.—All that relates to the bonds of
revenue officers and others, and the keeping and
settlqpent of the accounts of collectors and other
officers.
The Commissioner may from time to time change,
add to, or take l'rom the duties and subjects pertain-
ing to either of these divisions, as may seem to him
expedient for the dispatch of business and for the
public interest: and he may distribute among them,
at his discretion, other matters pertaining to the
department not herein enumerated. He shall as-
sign to duty at the head of each of said divisions
one of thedeputy commissioners, and, in the absence,
or during any disability, of the deputy, any other
offiucr or clerk of the department wboin ne may
<elect for such service or supervision. And he shall
assign to each division, from among the clerks and
employes of the department, such number of clerks
and others as he may deem proper and reauircd for
the transaction of business.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend in line fourteen by striking out the
words " and oils," so that it will read, " all
that relates to the taxes on distilled spirits."
Mr. Chairman, I will state the reason for
that amendment. I propose when we come to
the section on mineral oils, to move to strike
out the tax on oils entirely. The Senate, it
will be remembered, reduced the tax which
had previously existed at twenty cents per gal-
lon to ten cents per gallon, and tbe House con-
curred in that amendment. The whole amount
of revenue derived from that tax, at the rate of
ten cents per ^gallon, was but 33,000,000. It
requires a great deal of machinery to collect
it. involving a large expense to the Govern-
ment ; and I agree with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield.] who so elo-
quently advocated ■' thepoor man's light," that
we can give up that tax. I propose, therefore,
when we come to the sections which impose
the tax and regulate the machinery for its col-
lection, to move to strike out all those sec-
tions. We may as well meet the question here
as in any other place and I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. MULLINS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment upon the ground that although it is
assumed by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hooper] that lie will move to strike
out the tax of ten cents per gallon on mineral
oil, when wi> get to that part of the bill, still
if he should fail in that, then this bill will have
been mutilated to no purpose. "Sufficient to
the day is the evil thereof." If his future
amendment should carry, then these words
will be nugatory.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. What I
mean to say is that if the tax on oil is to be
taken off we may as well meet the question
here as at any other place. And if the Com-
mitiee of the ^ hole adopt this amendment, it
will be an indication that they intend to take
off the tax on mineral oils altogether. I think
it is one of the great industries of the country
that ought to be encouraged.
Mr. MULL1NS. It is time enough to count
chickens after they are hatched, not before. I
do not want to mark this until it is really mine.
I do not want to change the bill in this respect
until a change is made in the other respect. I
cannot see the propriety of striking out these
words here if they are not stricken out of the
other part of the bill. If the tax on mineral
oils is not stricken out of the other part of the
bill, of course some officer will have to take
cognizance of itj and it this amendment is
made here some arrangement will then have
to be made in some other part of the bill. I
am opposed to the amendment.
