1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
Mr. PILE. How much time does the gen-
tleman wish?
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not want to make
a speech, but simply to call the gentleman's
attention to a matter mentioned by him yes-
terday.
Mr. PILE. Very well.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I have
made all the remarks that I purpose to make
upon the general subject which the gentleman
from Missouri is discussing. In connection
with these charges of corruption which are
being made, the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Pile,] while on the floor yesterday,
named two gentlemen of Illinois whom I be-
lieve to be men of high character and strict
integrity. They are both members of the Dem-
ocratic party. I refer to Mr. Goodell and Dr.
Fowler, of Springfield, Illinois. The gentle-
man used their names in a connection from
which it might be inferred that he intended to
charge upon these gentlemen fraud and pecu-
lation. I do not pretend to deny that in some
instances during the war there may have been
Democrats who by their bids obtained con-
tracts and carrie'd them out, and there may be
some such against whom there are charges;
but certainly it is a notorious fact that the
Administration of Mr. Lincoln was, or at least
men under it were, ready to seize Democrats
all over the land, without law, in violation of
the Constitution, and imprison them, and with
this animus in the Administration and with its
overwhelming power no Democrat could be
suspected of a fraud without being imme-
diately seized and incarcerated.
Now, I wish to know from the gentleman
from Missouri whether he intends to make
specific charges of fraud against either of the
gentlemen I have named? If he does, let him
make the charges in such a manner that they
can be investigated. I understand and believe
those gentlemen to be men of high social posi-
tion and of strict integrity, and I could not
allow their names to be put upon the record
of this House in the way in which they have
been without making these remarks. I do not
desire to interrupt the course of the gentleman's
argument. I have said all I intend to say upon
the general question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Pile] has but two minutes remain-
ing.
Mr. PILE. I hope the time occupied by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall]
will not be taken out of my time.
The SPEAKER. That will depend upon
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] not
upon the Chair.
Mr. PILE. I have only to say in reply to the
gentleman from Illinois in support of th e general
statement which I made that the great majority
of the men who were engaged in Government
contracts in the West and upon whom rumor
and general public belief have fixed charges
of defrauding the Government were men who,
if they were not Democrats before the war, voted
the Democratic ticket during the war, were
opposed to the prosecution of the war, and are
now members of the Democratic party.
With regard to the two gentlemen whom he
specifically names I only stated what the public
estimation and general conviction—'as I have so
far heard it expressed in respect to these men in
that part of the country—is, and especially upon
the suggestion of other gentlemen here from
Illinois, who gave me their names. If the gen-
tleman denies the truth of these statements and
questions the correctness of the public estima-
tion of these men, I will give him the names
of the members from Illinois who suggested
their names to me.
Mr. MARSHALL. I should lik<^to know what
gentleman from Illinois makes mese charges
against these two men.
Mr. PILE. I decline to yield further.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will allow the gentleman
five minutes more.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say in
reference to the resolution before the House
that I shall vote for it and hope it will pass, so
that the Committee of Ways and Means may-
avail themselves of every help they can have
in stopping these fearful and terrible frauds in
the collection of revenue from distilled spirits.
Yet I wish to say distinctly that I have no faith
in the success of any law passed by this or any
other body of men, by this or any other Con-
gress, in the collection of this tax, unless the
law is better administered than it is at present.
The law as it now stands would be efficient in
the collection of the tax if it were honestly car-
ried out and honestly administered by honest
and capable public officers and Government
officials. And I believe the only remedy for
these evils is the substitution of a nominal tax,
a small amount per gallon, to be paid at the
distillery by the distiller himself by stamps, and
a license reaching from two to fifteen thousand
dollars per annum, according to the capacity
of the still. I wish the collection of the rev-
enue and the administration of the laws shall
be taken out of the hands of this race of cor-
morants and thieves who have now in their
hands the administration of these tax laws.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will now yield for ten
minutes to the gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. WOODBR1DGE. Mr. Speaker, I will
not perhaps want ten minutes. I am some-
what surprised that on a question of this char-
acter there should be such latitude to debate.
It seems to me strange when a business ques-
tion is being discussed, involving more or less
the interests of the country, the debate should
degen erate i n to political iss ues or party asperity.
Sir, the people of this nation are looking to
Congress for measures which will relieve them
from the burden they are carrying and endur-
ing with as nobLe a patriotism as ever adorned
a people; and I am glad the Committee of
W ays and Means thus early in the session are
bending their energies to the relief of the
people. A day or two ago we passed a bill in
respect to bonded warehouses, which was a
step in the right direction. It is followed by the
proposition now under consideration.
Let us for a moment return to the question
and see what the proposition is. We learn
from the committee that there are meters which
will accurately measure the proof and quality
of distilled spirits manufactured at the mill.
The Tice meter has been adopted by the Gov-
ernment. I understand outside that it has
proved to be a failure, and from the chairman
of the committee I learn that it is not perfect,
and when adopted other meters bad not re-
ceived a fair trial. Now the committee ask
that tnere may be an opportunity through a
commission of scientific gentlenaen lor th®'
examination of the various meters which may
be presented.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. WQODBRIDGE. I have aot time.
The inventive genius of this country has been
directed to these meters and whenever an arti-
cle of this or any other kind is demanded which
genius may invent it is always forthcoming.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Van
Wyck] says there is no importance in this
commission for the reason that the committee
may examine the matter themselves and report
on the knowledge derived in the comnaittoe-
room. Under any circumstances that would
be impossible. This not only requires the
examination of skilled men but it takes^ an
amount of time the committee cannot give.
They cannot be expected to visit distilleries
and put meters to the practical test, and ascer-
tain which one presents the highest merits.
Sir, it is idle, in my judgment, to say that
this revenue law, so far as the whisky tax is
concerned, is so imperfect that it cannot be
executed. The fault is not in the law; it is
in those who are appointed to execute it. I
impute to no officer of this Government either
corrupt conduct or improper motives. I have
heretofore looked upon the Secretary of the
Treasury as an able and honest man and faith-
ful official. I believe that the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue is personally beyond re-
proach. But, sir, in the execution ol this
office more executive ability and more moral
courage is required than in the execution of
any office under the Government. The Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue should be mas-
ter of his position, and he should have the
moral force when the collector or assessor of
any district does not return to the Government
what might reasonably be expected to dis-
charge him from his office. If these officers
fail in their duty, instead of sending an army
of spies to watch them and be themselves cor-
rupted they should at once be dismissed and
proper men put in their places. The people
demand the execution of this law. They
know that $100,000,000 or more should be
received from the whisky manufactured in
this country. They are groaning under the
burdens of taxation which oppresses the indus-
try of the country. They will not bear it, and
they ought not to bear it much longer. There
is a fault somewhere. Where it is I do not
know. But it is idle to say that a law so plain
as that on our statute-book in relation to the
whisky and tobacco tax cannot be executed.
I hope that we shall pass this measure, for by
the aid of this commission the Department
may get assistance in executing the law ; and
although the people hold them responsible for
the failure in the last two years, yet we, the
Congress of the United States, should do every-
thing to exonerate ourselves from blame. Sir,
the people know that there has been a failure.
They do not know whether it arises from inef-
ficiency or fraud and dishonesty ; but they do
know, and they demand at the hands of the
dominant party in Congress, that some means
should be adopted whereby a revenue may be
realized to some reasonable extent at least to
what they have a right to expect.
One word more. I seldom digress from the
proper sutyeet of debate when occupying the
attention of the House; but I must be par-
doned a single remark in reply to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] whom I
regard as a friend and whom I respect for his
great ability. He told us yesterday that the
whisky tax could never be collected, and that
the Government could never be carried on with
integrity until the Republican party was dis-
placed and the Democratic party again placed
in power ; and he intimated, if he did not
charge in words, that the Republican party
were robbers and thieves. Sir, no party is
pure; I am no great partisan; I was a Whig
until I joined the Republican ranks, and I
remain there firm and faithful still. But does
not the gentleman remember that for the first
time in the history of this Government the doc-
trine was enunciated by a Democratic Presi-
dent that "to the victors belong the spoils,"
and his willing disciples have followed his
teaching from that day to this. Sir, let the
gentleman look at the last Democratic Admin-
istration, the last, I pray in the name of God
and liberty, that may ever disgrace the coun-
try. Who, sir, depleted the Treasury and
brought our nation to the verge of bankruptcy
in time of peace? A Democratic Administra-
tion. Who stole our ships-of-war and sent
them to the remotest seas when the clouds of
rebellion were thick above us and every eye
was lifted to see them rifted by the forked
lightning? A Democratic Administration.
Who robbed our arsenals and sent our muni-
tions of war to that part of the country already
rife with rebellion? A Democratic Adminis-
tration. Who attempted to divide our domain
and steal from our Union eleven of its noble
States? Members of the Democratic party.
Who is responsible for $5,000,000,000 of money
wrung from the bone and sinew of the nation
to carry on this unholy war? Members of the
Democratic party.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield five minutes
further to the gentleman.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I thank the gentle-
man for his courtesy. Who, sir, is lcsponsible
that there is a vacant chair at every table, and
that the nation is clothed in the habiliments of
mourning? Members of thoDemocratic party.
