1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL- GLOBE.
329
40TH OoiTG.,.,£l> &S.3
Representation in Congress-*-Mr. Vickers.
Senate.
by the officers of both, election boards from
persons who were not, at the time, qualified
electors within the*meaning of She statutes of
Pennsylvania ; the said persons being, at the
time, either under the age of twenty-one years,
non-residents, foreigners not naturalized, or
persons not regularly assessed or returned;
neither of which classes of persons are, by the
laws of Pennsylvania, entitled to the elective
franchise, so as to be legally qualified to vote
for a candidate for the office of member of the
House of Representatives of the United
States." It will be seen that in this notice the
contestant undertook to show the facts consti-
tuting the illegality complained of. One point
held by a majority of the committee was, that
it was not necessary to furnish the incumbent
with a list of alleged illegal voters ; but it was
further held "that the intentof the law requir-
ing notice to be given specifying the particular
grounds of the contest, was to prevent any
surprise being practiced on the sitting mem-
ber, and to put him upon a proper defense."
In the foregoing case there was a minority
report from the committee, (seep. 161.) It
was insisted that the contestant's specifica-
tions were insufficient, and upon this point the
reasoning was as follows:
"Thcfirstseetion of thc&ctof Congress of 19thEob-
ruary. 1851, requires that whenever any person shall
intend to contest the election of any member of the
House of Representatives of the United States, he
shall, within thirty days after, said election, give
.notice in writing to the member whose seat he in-
tends to contest, and in such notice shall specify
particidarly-lhe grounds on which he relies in said
contest."
The majority of the committee reported a
resolution declaring the seat vacated, but the
House laid the whole subject on the table,
thereby allowing the sitting member to retain
his seat.
So, in White tw. Harris (Bartlett's Contested
Elections, 257) the majority of the committee
lield that the election should be treated as
a nullity : but the minority objected, among
other things, to the want of particularity in
several of the allegations of the contestant, and
the House laid the whole subject on the table. In
their report the minority of the committee say:
"Not only are the allegations of the contestant
insufficient in view of the above authorities, but they
do not even indicate the class of the voters objected to
as illegal, which was held to be tlio saving point as
to the allegations of contestant in the case of'Vaf-
landigham vs. Campbell, by a portion of the com-
mittee in their report upon that ease."
Now, in this ease the notice was not only
insufficient, but there was no notice at all as
to Pike township. The sitting member was
not put upon his guard; he was not warned
ol the ground upon which the contestant would
come into this House and claim a seat on this
iioor against the wishes of the majority of the
electors of the thirteenth district. I would not
make this point did it stand <Jone; but inas-
much as it is proposed to disfranchise the elect-
ors of this township, inasmuch as it is proposed
to disfranchise two hundred and ninety-two
citizens upon a technicality, I throw myself
upon my legal rights and deny that the contest-
ant bad a right to introduce any evidence be-
fore the committee or before this House upon
the subject of Pike township at all.
The testimony of the contestant shows that
in the thirteenth district there are charged 77-1
deserters. Of these 774 deserters it is claimed
by the majority report that 13G voted for the
sitting member. Now, I ask for whom did the
remaining G38vote ? Had they voted the Dem-
ocratic ticket, the contestant, with all his
ingenuity and industry and his large moneyed
ability would have established that such was
the case. But, it may be said if these 038
alleged deserters were Republicans why did
not the contestant show the fact? The answer
is a simple one. The sitting member believed,
as he believes now, that not one of those
774persons could be legally regarded as desert-
ers. lie did not dream that a body of intel-
ligent men, composed in a ku go part of lawyers,
could for a moment entertain the proposition
thata man is to be held guilty of crime because
he is accused of crime ; that a citizen is to suf-
fer the penalty of crime withoutthe opportunity
of defense.
Sir, the doctrine seeins to me so atrocious,
that 1 would have deemed myself insulting the
intelligence and integrity of this honorable body
if I had attempted to present any such claim
for consideration.
Now, sir, upon the contestant's own showing,
unless this House is ready to disfranchise 292
voters upon the pretext, which is proved to be
false, that one of the judges of election had
failed to report under the draft, then upon the
contestant's own showing the sitting member
has a clear majority of 59 votes allowing all
else as claimed by contestant.
But I ask the members of this House whether
they will, with their responsibility to the peo-
ple, with their responsibility to their own eon-
sciences, undertake to disfranchise the town-
ship of Pike and return the vole of the township
Blue Rock ?
If so, then, sir, I can only conclude, the
country will conclude, that if this seat, in vio-
lation of the will of the majority of legal voters
of the thirteenth district, is to be given to the
contestant, it will be done on party grounds,
and the right of election will have been taken
from the people and usurped by this honorable
body. Then, instead of the people of Ohio
having the right to choose their own Repre-
sentatives, the question is to be decided by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, the gentleman
from Vermont, the honorable gentleman from
New York, and honorable gentlemen from
other States, insteadof by the people of Ohio.
Mr. Speaker, my time is too brief to enter
npon a new argument. I will, therefore, only
suggest, with great deference to this honorable
body, that if it be their good pleasuie to deny
to the people of the thirteenth district of Ohio
the right, to be represented by the person of
their choice, the resolutions introduced by the
gentleman who made the majority report be
amended so that they may read thus:
Resolved. That Gkorge W. Morgan, being a Dem-
ocrat, is not entilled to a. scat in the Fortieth Con-
gress from the thirteenth congressional district of
Ohio.
lleaolved, That Columbus Delano, supposed to be
a Republican, is entitled to a seat in the Fortieth
Congress from the thirteenth congressional district
of Ohio.
Mr. Speaker, if it be the pleasure of this
honorable body to set aside the election made
by the people, and to establish the doctrine of
self-election as to members of Congtess, con-
scious of having discharged my full duty to
my constituents, I will retire from this Hall
without a regret. With confidence 1 will leturn
to the people, and give to them an account of
my stewardship. And in now taking leave of
this House, I will not say with Fitz James—
" Twice have I sought Clan-Alpine's glen
•In peaee: but when I come agen.
I come with banner, brand, and bow,
As leader seeks his mortal foe."
No, sir,not with ''banner, brand, and bow,"
but I will be sent back by the majestic voice
of an outraged people—not by three hundred,
but by ten times three hundred majority.
Representation in Congress.
SPEECH OF HON. GEORGE VICKERS,
OF MARYLAND,
Is tub United States Senate,
June 8, 1808.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(II. R. No. 1058) to admit the States of Korth Carolina,
South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Elorida, and
Alabama to representation in Congress—
Mr. VICKERS said :
Mr. President: The bill before the Senate
is one "to admit, the States of North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Louisiana. Georgia, and
Florida to representation in Congress." The
amendment proposed by the tommittee im-
poses two conditions upon the admission, of
■these States. The first is, that they shall rafify
what is called the fourteenth amend.metxt o,f
the Constitution; and the,second is( "that
there shall never be in such State any denial
or abridgement of the elective franchise to any
person by reason or on account of race or
color, excepting Indians not taxed." An
amendment has also been proposed to insert
"Alabama" in connection with these States.
I have discovered during my brief experience
in the Senate that upon a motion to amend the
merits of the bill are generally debated. My
object, therefore, will be to discuss a few of
the principles involved in the bill, and also of
the reconstruction measures upon which it is
predicated.
The third section of the fourth artiole of the
Constitution authorizes the admission of new
States. It does not, as alleged by the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. EdMcxbs,] as I under-
stood him in the discussion of the bill for the
admission of Arkansas, authorize Congress to
reorganize new States upou republican prin-
ciples and give to it plenary and absolute
power to eftect such organizations. I under-
stand the admission of a State to be one with
a constitution duly organized by the people of
the State before admission is applied for, and
the only condition upon which that admission
is to be effected is that the constitution ivx its
principles shall be adapted to the political
principles of the Government to which appli-
cation is made, being homogeneous to it and
formed by the people of the State. The power
to admit presupposes a State duly organized
before application is made for that admission,
not a power to organize or reorganize States,
but only a power to admit them when duly
organized, if their constitutions are of such a
character as should receive the approbation
Congress.
I have looked in vain for any clause in the
Constitution which authorizes Congress to
organize or reorganize States or to impose
conditions upon States that apply for admis-
sion. If it is not in the simple power to admit,
then 1 suppose it must be claimed under that
to guaranty a republican form of government.
But the same difficulty is presented here as in
the case of admission, for the power to guar-
anty presupposes something to be guarantied.
It necessarily implies that the constitution
which is to be guarantied is in full force and
existence. If a debt is to be guarantied, that
debt must have a previous existence. The
guarantee can apply only to that which has
such existence; and so it is in regard to the
guarantee of a republican form of government.
The forty-third number of the Federalist, writ-
ten by Mr. Madison, page 201, after quoting
the provision in the Constitution which author-
izes the Legislature to guaranty a republican
form of government, says:
_" In a confederacy founded on republican prin-
ciples and composed ol republican members, the
superintending Government ought clearly to possess
authority to defend the system against aristocratic
or monarchical innovations."
Again, on page 202 :
"But the authority extends no further than to a
guarantee of a republican lorm of government, which
supposes a preexistiiiggoverniuent of the term which
is to be guarantied. As long, thoretore,as the exist-
ing republican iorms are continued by the States,
they are guarantied by the i'ederal Constitution.
Whenever the States may choose to substitute other
republican iorms tbey have a right to do so and to
claim the Federal guarantee for the latter. The only-
restriction imposed on them is, that they shall not
exchange republican for anti-republican constitu-
tions; a restriction which, it is presumed, will hardly
be considered as a. gncvauce."
Again, in the thiity-uintli number of thu
Federalist, page 17-1, speaking of a tepubhean
government, Mr. Madison says :
" If we resoit, for a criterion, to the different piiu-
ciples on which difteiellt iouns of government,
established, we may define lepublu' to 1«\ 01 ar
leant may bestow that name on a yovennm ui wlnUi
