3878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
for months before this duty of opening elect-
oral votes comes to be charged upon them or
to be performed before them. I have pointed
out that by this legislation you yourselves
under your own system deal unequally with
the States of the South which you are at-
tempting to reconstruct. Why should a man
in Texas be forbidden to vote by an act of Con-
gress which allows avote to a man in Georgia?
I should like that very plain question an-
swered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator want
that answered now?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Eor the same reason that
in 1865 upon the Senator's vote ail elector in
the State of Pennsylvania was permitted to
vote and was not permitted to vote in the
State of Georgia ; that is to say. that the rebel-
lion has left the State of Texas in such condi-
tion that she lias not yet been reorganized. 1
do not know but that it would suit the pur-
poses of my friend quite as well to have her
vote in a rebellious condition as well as an
organized condition. He can answer for that.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator's flippant
observation does not touch my point. The les-
olution of 18G5 was passed upon the ground
that it was impossible for the people to vote,
because it was the theater of actual war. A
bill passed now that a man in Texas shall not
vote stands upon no ground of impossibility;
it stands upon the pleasure, or rather upon the
will of Congress. There is no difficulty in
taking votes in Texas, and has been none for
three years. They have voted long since upon
the subject of holding a convention under
your own laws, and other elections have been
held there. There is no incapacity in Texas.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What elections have been
held under our law in Texas?
Mi-. BUCKALEW. An election for mem-
bers of the convention.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Did they hold a conven-
tion ?
-Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator goes off
on a new question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They voted that they
would not reorganize; that they would not
have any convention.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am speaking as to
the possibility of holding elections in Texas.
The ground on which the resolution of 1SG5
was passed was that it was impossible, in the
condition of things then existing, that those
States couhl vote; that they were incapable
from the circumstances in which they were
placed of holding elections and selecting elect-
ors of President.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was a mere judg-
ment of Congress, because they had held an
election in two of those States in 18G-1, and
Congress declared by the aid of the Senator's
vote, that the elections were held under such
circumstances that they ought not to be con-
sidered as valid.
Mr. BUCKALEW. No, sir ; there ,was no
election hehl in those States, not the slightest
just pretense of an election held in those
States under any authority of llie State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where did the electoral
votes come from ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. There were elections
held under military power for municipal pur-
poses ; and when it was attempted to expand
that authority into a national one, we said it
was an absurdity.
Mr. EDMLM)S. Does the Senator call
the election for electors of President a muni-
cipal election for municipal purposes ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator deny
that in two of those States, Louisiana and
Tennessee, elections were hehl for electors of
President, and the votes were forwarded by
the Electoral Colleges, having all the prima
jacie appearance of validity? And yet by
the Senator's aid—loyal and good aid it was,
too—it was declared to be an improper and
invalid proceeding.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have not denied that.
I spoke about that some time since, and gave
my view of that subject, and stated the reason
why those elections were not in fact elections
in those States. A large part of Louisiana at
that lime was within the lines of the enemy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And you assumed the
right to decide that.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I assumed the right to
decide a fact, not a matter of right, not to
pass an enactment of legislation; I have already
stated my view of the resolution of 1805 ?
Mr. President, the three particular points
which 1 rose to mention I have gone through
with and have given such replies as 1 supposed
were appropriate to the questions of the Sena-
tor from Vermont. I only took the lloor to-
night under some inconvenience arising from
fatigue and the heat of the Chamber because I
was unwilling that this bill should pass the Sen
ate without a formal and earnest protest. Of
course I have not attempted to argue the sub-
ject of the validity of the reconstruction laws
at length. I have not attempted to go over the
different grounds upon which, as 1 think, their
invalidity can be demonstrated. That field of
debate is too large and too important to be
entered upon at this time. But the grounds
upon which objection can be made to this bill
as an exercise of a power by Congress to for-
bid the votes of the States in the presidential
election lie within a comparatively narrow
compass. What I desire to enforce upon the
Senate is this: that, in my judgment, there will
be no acquiescence by ourpeople in the result
of a presidential election dependent upon votes
introduced into the Electoral College by act of
Congress while at the same time other electoral
votes are forbidden. I insist that the people
of the United Slates will not permit the result
of a presidential election to be determined by
act of Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What, will they have it
determined by?
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator has asked
a sufficient number of questions, and if he will
permit me I prefer to conclude what I have to
say. I have yielded, I believe, to the full
extent required by courtesy. 1 n my judgment
the people of the United States will not agree
that a majority in Congress shall manipulate
the votes by which the presidtntial election is
to be determined. They will demand that the
States represented in Congress during the war,
who bore the heat and burden of the struggle,
who arc now unquestionably clothed with the
political power of this Union, shall determine
the results of this comparatively friendly, yet
earnest political contest upon which we are
entering. Its result is not to be changed or
altered by devices of any description gotten up
here, and passed by the men who are to reap
the fruits of their own ingenuity and manage-
ment. They will not agree that the vote of
Virginia shall be counted out and the vote of
South Carolina in ; the vote of Texas out anil
the vote of Arkansas in. They know as well
as you, sir, that your congressional legislation
is outside of constitutional power, and that it
must rest eventually for support upon the
assent or acquiescence of the people of the
United States, South and North, or at least
cither South or North ; that when you recon-
struct States in the South, you must get the
assent of the electors of those States, or you
must get the fair assent of a majority of adhering
States; you cannot ignore both.
The Senator from Indiana speaks of the
expression of individual opinion by General
Blair. I agree with General Blair most fully
in the whole material matter contained in his
letter relating to the existing condition of things.
I say your reconstruction laws are dependent
upon the votesof the people. If you get their
votes for them, if yet get popularacquiescenee
for them, they may stand ; they cannot stand
upon your votes here ; they cannot stand upon
resolutions, whether joint or not, in Congress ;
they must have popular support. Do you not
know, sir, and does uoithu whole country know,
that your reconstruction at present is a recon-
struction coerced ; a thing of duress ; you have
compelled everything that has been d.me. Do
you not know, and does not the country know,
that republican government can stand upon
no foundation except the consent of the gov-
erned. Republican institutions cannot be dic-
tated by any earthly power except that of the
people who are to be bound by and enjoy them ;
and a constitution in Georgia is as void when
made under congressional command or coercion
or under congressional direction which insures
a particular result, as if it was prescribed to
that State by the monarch of some foreign
nation, flow vain and idle, then, are such
bills as this which decide nothing.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him one question?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. I would ask the Senator
if he approves of that part of General Blair's
letter in which he says it will be the duty of
the President-elect, at the coming election, to
use the Army for the purpose of overthrowing
what he designates as the I: carpet-bag govern-
ments;" in other words, the new governments
just constructed under the laws of Congress?
He asserts that it would be the duty of the
President to use the military power of the
United States to overthrow those governments.
Does my honorable friend from Pennsylvania
indorse that part of the letter?
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 am glad the Senator
lias called my attention to that. In answering
him I will complete what I meant to say about
the letter. My answer is, that for myself I say
no such thing; I advise no extreme action.
Early in my remarks I pointed oat distinctly,
in order to instruct the Senator from Indiana
upon the position which 1 hold, and as I under-
stand the Democratic party hold in their plat-
form, that the question of a future remedy for
what is wrong in reconstruction is left open
and undetermined by the convention. We are
deciding what belongs to the present time.
The particular course that may be adopted with
reference to the southern States is one of ex-
pediency— connected with ideas of justice, of
course—when the question comes to be determ-
ined. It might, under a certain state of facts,
he convenient and advisable that amendments
even of those irregular constitutions should be
submitted to popular acceptance, and stability,
with reformed constitutions, be obtained in that
way. There might be other courses adopted.
General Blair has only expiessed hisindividual
opinion in favor of more stern and summary
action, but the question is an open one and
may be considered hereafter.
'To come back to the point on which I was
speaking, I repeat that, in my judgment, for
the purpose of obtaining validity to recon-
struction, safety to reconstruction, continuance
to it, effect for it as it has been undertaken by
Congress, it is necessary that a majority of the
people in the adhering States shall indorse it
in the elections of 1868. It has no support at
present besides congressional will. Your own
chief man—the master of the House—told us
long since that your work was " outside of the
Constitution." I have attempted to point out
the only possible modes in which it can receive
a sanction, in which it, can get validity. It
rests now upon congressional will. It must
be baptized with popular approval; it must
get the judgment of the people, and from those
whose right to vote in this Union and to con-
trol its political destinies is unquestioned. If,
when you cany your body of laws passed since
I860 to the people of the North and of the
West and of the great central States, they say
•' Weli done, good and faithful servants; you
have performed our will and executed our
wishes, and your work shall stand," then, and
then only, will you command the situation;
then, and then only, will you be entitled to ask
of me and of others acquiesccnce in what you
have done. I acknowledge a sort of common
law in this country upon constitutional ques-
tions. I acknowledge that when a contro-
verted question of public power long in debate
has been sent to the people and deliberately
determined by them their decision cannot be
