1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1831
as mildly and in as concise terms as we could
possibly have used to convcy the impression
which the truth demanded. Wo knew, as
every man acquainted with the effect of tele-
graphic intelligence respecting the financial
condition of our country from this point knows,
what would be the probable effect of the dis-
cussion, or rather of the assertion that had
been made by the gentleman from Illinois upon
this floor, and the consequent action that was
taken by this House in ordering an investiga-
tion into the charge that he had made, and we
wanted to apply the remedy to the disease as
speedily as possible. And the gentleman from
Illinois knows me too well, knows the relations
that 1 maintain to him too well to accuse me
of having been influenced by any but the kind-
est feelings toward him. We therefore sent
forth the dispatch, which I will read in part,
and certainly so far as it refers to the gentle-
man from Illinois. It is headed "The Treas-
ury-Bond Question," and is as follows:
" Various gentlemen called upon General Spinner,
United States Treasurer, last night, to inquire into
the facts of the transactions in the Printing Bureau
which General logan' alluded to yesterday in the
House of Representatives."
" Which General Logan alluded to yester-
day!" Does that refer to any statement that
the gentleman from Illinois had made? We
were judging from the stand-point of disinter-
ested hearers. We knew what had been the
effect on the mind of the House. We judged
that the same effect would be produced on the
mind of the country, and, without wishing to
implicate the gentleman from Illinois in any
way, wo were very careful to use such terms as
could in no sense give offense to him.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
a word?
Mr. LAFLIN. Not just now.
Mr. LOGAN. I yielded to the gentleman.
Mr. LAFLIN. I have possession of the
floor, not by the courtesy of the gentleman
from Illinois, but by the courtesy of my col-
league, [Mr. Van Wyck.] I read further
from the dispatch:
"Among the inquirerswerc Messrs. Van Wyck and
liaflisroi' KewYork; and General Spinner informed
them"—
What? That General Logan had been mak-
ing misrepresentations upon that subject upon
this floor? That he had been making false
statements ? Not at all.
"General Spinner informed them that the Govern-
ment had not lost a dollar's worth of bonds."
That is what he informed tliein.
" That the Government had not lost adollar's worth
of bonds; that there is no foundation for the report
that, fraud had been committed by any one in this
particular."
And for the sake of making it still more
agreeable to any gentleman in any way con-
nected with these statements who might feel at
all sensitive about this report, this telegraphic
dispatch goes on to say, quoting the language
of General Spinner, or the idea conveyed by
his language, "and that they doubtless had
their origin"—mark the word, "doubtless,"
not "positively" —
" and that they doubtless had their origin in a mis-
understanding of the manner in which the business is
conducted."
I suppose it is unnecessary for me to read
the remainder of the dispatch, because my
colleague [Mr. Van WyckJ has explained the
manner in which this mistake arose. Unless
some one wishes me to read it, I will omit
doing so.
Several Members. Read the rest of it.
Mr. LAFLIN. The dispatch concludes as
follows:
" He [General Spinner] explained to them when a
specified number of bonds is ordered to be printed,
the exact number of white or blank sheets tor that
purpose is issued, for which a correct return is made
by the person intrusted with the sheets, and when
the sheets are spoiled, or for any reason are not
printed, they are destroyed or macerated, and that
fact is certified on the account book and entered
under the head of 'statistical,' as an offset to the
number of sheets issued."
That was the statement that General Spinner
made to us, and which we—with the kindest
feelings toward the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan,] and only with the desire to coun-
teract what we believed was a false impression,
caused by the statement he had made to this
House. That was the statement we sent out to
the country. I submit to any gentleman here
whether there is anything in that statement
which reflects in the slightest degree upon the
veracity of the gentleman from Illinois, or
which conflicts in the least with his statement
of facts?
Now, I will say, while I am upon the floor—
although, perhaps, it is not quite proper forme
to state what was said in a private conversa-
tion—that General Spinner assured us that it
was a matter of surprise to him that anything
he had said had led to the impression on the
mind of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lo-
gan] that any fraud had been committed, or
that the Government was in danger of losing a
single dollar's worth of bonds by this transac-
tion. I have no doubt that the gentleman from
Illinois intended to convey just the impression
wliich the facts would warrant. But 1 submit
to the fair judgment of this House whether lie
was not quite unfortunate in the language
which he made use of touching that transac-
tion, if such was his intention?
Mr. VAN WYCK. I propose to yield a few
moments to my colleague on the committee,
[Mr. Halsey,] who desires to say a word or
two in justification of the committee. We do
not desire to keep the testimony in this case
from the House for one moment. All the evi-
dence will be ready to be read in the morning.
I am not particular that this report should bo
read to-night, but am willing that it should be
read to-morrow morning with the testimony,
which will then be ready.
The committee were ordered to make their
report to-day, and with some considerable
trouble the report has been prepared and is
now before the House. Inasmuch as the testi-
mony will not be ready until to-morrow morn-
ing I propose, after my colleague [Mr. Hal-
sey] shall have made his remarks, to move
that the House adjourn.
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, no.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Then, in the morning
the testimony and the report can all be read,
and the gentleman cau have an opportunity to
say all that he desires.
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, no; that will not do at all.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Van Wyck] yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan?]
Mr. VAN WYCIv. I yield to mycolleague
on the committee, the gentleman from New
Jersey. [Mr. Halsey.]
Mr. LOGAN. I want only a few minutes.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Jt is getting late.
Mr. LOGAN. You gentlemen have taken
up all the evening.
Mr. VAN WYCK. No, sir; I do not take
all the time of this House on any occasion.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not say you did.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Nor does my colleague
on the committee.
Mr. LOGAN. Gentlemen are very manly ;
that is all I have to say.
Mr. VAN WYCK. We shall see about that.
Mr. HALSEY. I only desire to say that
there was no disposition on the part of the
committee to withhold the evidence taken in
this matter. On the contrary, at the meeting
of the committee this afternoon it was decided
that the evidence should be furnished for pub-
lication. I went to the Senate to see the clerk
of the committee'and have him transcribe the
evidence so that it could be reported if called
for. He was not able to write it out this
afternoon, but stated to me that he would have
it ready in the morning. The committee are
perfectly willing to have it published, and will
report it to the House in the morning. In
compliance with the suggestion of my colleague
on the committee, I now move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 ask the
gentleman, as a manly act, to withhol4 that
motion until I can have a few minutes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a question of
order. I desire to know, Mr. Speaker, whether
if we vote down this motion to adjourn, we can-
not then give the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan,] whom the committee seem disposed
to choke down, an opportunity to say a word in
his own defense ?
Mr. VAN WYCK. There is no desire to
choke down the gentleman, but that he shall
have an opportunity to speak in the morning.
Mr. SCOFIELD. What I do not like is that
the opportunity to speak is given to gentlemen
all around the House, and is refused to the very
man personally concerned. •
Mr. VAN WYCK. No, Sir; the gentleman
from Illinois led off in this debate.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I have no sortof objec-
tion to the gentleman speaking to-night, if
there is no objection oil the part of the Ilouse.
I am perfectly willing myself, and I presume
my colleague on the committee is, that the mo-
tion to adjourn shall be withdrawn.
Mr. HALSEY. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Van Wyck,] as the Chair under-
stands, surrenders the floor, and the Chair re-
cognizes the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan.}
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I do not want
to occupy the time of the House more than a
few minutes. I do not believe there is any
member on this floor who will say that I have
on any occasion refused to another member
an opportunity for explanation, an opportu-
nity lor a question, or an opportunity for an
answer. I have always tried to be fair in de-
bate ; and certainly where any man's personal
honor has been in the slightest manner in-
volved, I have always been willing to yield
for any explanation that any man desired to
make.
Now, I have no feeling in reference to this
matter toward the gentlemen from New York,
although they seem desirous of choking ma
down and denying me the right to say a word.
Not only that, but they seem to be terribly
excited about this matter. Now, sir, I pro-
pose to submit a plain, simple statement which
any man can understand. Both of these gen-
tlemen from New York have made an attempt
here by indirection to impress this House with
the idea that I was guilty of a misstatement. Let
us see who has been guilty of anything wrong.
I have always been an independent man. I
have never whitewashed any man or covered
up any wrong or fraud. I may sometimes have
been mistaken. I admit that. I am mistaken,
perhaps, as often as anybody else; but God
knows I never fall into the mistake of trying
to cover up frauds against the Government.
It has got to be, sir, that insinuations are cast
against a man here who attempts to have these
important questions investigated as they ought
to be. It has got to be, sir, that, if you charge
the Treasury Department with anything, its
attorneys in both ends of the Capitol seek to
choke all investigation, and attempt to cover
you all over with filth and slime.
Why, Mr. Speaker, if you take the reports
of committees on the Treasury, you would think
it was filled with angels, with the Archangel
Michael at its head. Oh, no ; there is no such
thing as corruption there 1
I called the attention of gsntlemen to these
things and asked that they should be inquired
into, and in answer they insinuate that 1 have
made charges which were not true—that had
no foundation in fact. I call your attention to
another fact; I ask the question, and I want you
to tell me whether it is or is not so—whether,
you do not know that the Treasury Department
has redeemed some seventy thousand dollars
of counterfeit bonds ? a fact which has never
been made public.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I do not want to occupy
the time of the House, and, still, I do not want
the statement of the gentleman to go unchal-
lenged. I say to him that when the report of
the committee goes before the country his ques-
