1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3879
reversed or disregarded. That ia a sort of
"higher law" to which I subscribe.
\Y hen the alien and sedition laws went to the
freemen of America in the year 1800 and were
trodden under their feet, there was a condem-
nation of them a thousandfold stronger than
could have been given by any court; and when
(heir principle emerged into notice in the late
impeachment trial in the tenth article, it gave
to that article a character of odium and weak-
ness which attached to none of the others.
After Louisiana was acquired by a doubtful
exercise of constitutional power, but received
the strong indorsement of the people, it stood
good: and all that region, blooming beneath a
southern sun, now brought back to us by the
valor of our soldiers and sailors, is as legiti-
mate a poition of our territory as the soil of
Indiana or of Vermont. And so, sir, with regard
to slavery ; however much Mr. Lincoln's proc-
lamations may have been questioned, and what-
ever of doubt may have attached to the adop-
tion of the constitutional amendment upon
that subject, its abolition has received such an
assent, South and North, from the people that
it stands good, and will stand good forever.
Similar remarks might be made in regard to
secession. The right of a State to secede is
denied and the doctrine condemned, not merely
by the issue of the war, but by a popular judg-
ment which can never be reversed.
Pass no such bills, then, as this to manipu-
late electoral votes in the South ; depart not
from your constitutional powers to pass them ;
do not. select from among those States certain
ones for the possession of power denied the,
rest, and thus render yourselves odious before
the people. Take the issue of reconstruction
as it stands, and submit it to the freemen of
the adhering States. If they go with you, we
must acquiesce in their judgment, and your
policy may stand good for the future. If they
decide against you, you will not, I venture to tell
you, supplement your northern weakness with
southern strength, acquired through your own
votes in Congiess. lou stand or fall before
t.hat, tribunal which is competent to judge us
both, and whose authority we cannot question
here or elsewhere, now or hereafter. Your
reconstruction may stand good to you, and the
political fruits that you expect to obtain from
it will come to you, sweet and delicious for
your enjoyment in future years, if you get a
verdict, from the freemen of the adhering
States, and then only.
i counsel no violence; I preach no revolu-
tion : I would not array men against each
other with feelings of anger and passion ; but
there is a principle of justice which cannot bo
mistaken in this case, and there is a courage
and firmness in American freemen which can-
not be defied.
To end and to sum up the argument, recon-
struction requires the support of the people.
11 it get it, it can stand; if it do not get it,
and (to not get it in the adhering States, it
will fail; and all the enactments that Congress
can now heap up, cannot alter or control that
result.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish, now that I have
the opportunity without oll'euse to the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania, to ask him a
question or two; but 1 wish to remind him of
a rule of law with which he is undoubtedly
familiar, if he has not forgotten it, that no
tn.in is bound to criminate himself, before I
call upon him to answer.
.Mr. BUCKALEW. That is quite a gratui-
tous piece of politeness. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 wish to understand, as
he has so covered up Ins answer, if he under-
i ook to give one, by a flourish of words, that I
was unable to understand how he meant to
answer the question that I put to him as to
where resided the rightful power of determin-
ing in a case of a double electoral vote from a
State which of those two sets of votes was the
true and rightful representation of the State,
the political community m the Union?
Mr. BUCKALEW. As the Senator is from
the East. 1 will ansv.erlnm after the \uukec
fashion of asking him another question, and
that is, is there not a great difference between
denying to a State a right to vote and provid-
ing what votes shall be counted when sent up
from the States?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No difference.
Mr. BUCK ALB W. I think it would be
thought in the House of Representatives a very
different thing to deny a representative district
representation at ail, and to decide between
two contestants.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I have answered
the Senator's question ; will he be good enough
to answer mine? [ take it that the Senator
has no answer to give, as he gives none. Now,
I wish to ask him another question, and 1 shall
be equally content by his silence, because from
his fame in the country, the country will under-
stand it just as well, and 1 do not know but a
little better than they would if he were to an-
swer. [Laughter.] I wish to ask him, where
does the rightful power in this Government
reside of determining what is a State ; what
political community pretending or asserting
itself to be a State is a true State that belongs j
to the Union? Again, I have silence, Mr.
President, and silence that speaks more than
volumes of oratory from him.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I am waiting until you
conclude; I do not know how much you are
going to ask.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am waiting to hoar the
Senator.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If the Senator leaves
the Uoor T will answer his question.
.Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; I leave the
floor.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator invites me
to a discussion over a very wide field of law.
In the Rhode Island case the Supreme Court
said that they would accept as the legitimate
government of that State the one which was
represented in Congress, and was held to be
the legitimate government of the Stale by Con-
gress and by the President; that it was a polit-
ical question, and one not within their juris-
diction. 1 need not inform the Senator of all
that; he knows it perfectly well already. There
may be, certainly, cases where the courts, as
an original question, might be called upon to
determine what was the government of a State
in a case of contest. I do not say that such
cases are impossible; but where, as in the case
of Rhode Island, there had been a government
recognized by the Government of the United
States, that is by the political departments,
the judiciary held that they were concluded by
it. I know very well that the Senator, and
those who think with liim, have argued at
length from that opinion that Congress alone
can determine as between two contesting gov-
ernments which is the legitimate government
in a State ; while the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Davis] has heretofore enlightened us,
I believe, with a somewhat different opinion.
1 do not know that any further answer is neces-
sary to the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President,, I have not
maintained that Congress alone, if by Congress
the Senator means the two Houses independent
of their faculty as a law-making power, have
a right to decide any such question. What I
have maintained, and what our side have main-
tained, is precisely what the Supreme Court
beforeitlostitshead, as it has recently decided;
and that was that the law-making power of the
Government was the power to decide what was
a State, and which was a State, where there
was more than one power claiming to be a
State. Therefore we have not maintained that
either or both branches of Congress, independ-
ent of the President having control of the veto
power could decide such a question ; but we
have maintained that after the President as a
part of the law-making had exercised his voice,
even if he chose to exercise it adversely to the
opinion of a majority of the two Houses, if
then, in pursuance of the Constitution that the
honorable Senator professes, and I do not doubt
si newly, to reverence so much, that same Uon-
''t e-.s - hould have determined according to its
provisions what, the law should be. That was
the action of the whole political power of the
Government, and it bound Presidents and Sen-
ators, and even the Democracy, who, through
Mr. Frank Blair, are going to overturn all this
at the point of the bayonet!
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I see the
embarrassment under which the Democratic
party is laboring; and the misfortune that has
befallen it to-day will no doubt embarrass it
still more hereafter. I see the embarrassment
that this particular bill presents to the mem-
bers of that parly. Individuals of that party
say they intend revolution, and Frank P. Blair
sought to be nominated upon that issue. He
avows his purpose of overturning seven States
of this Union now entitled to representation,
upon this floor. lie will do it by revolution,
lie says it cannot be done by legislation, be-
cause the Senate is in the way. He says it is
nonsense to talk about legislation ; it must be
done by force. I have been reading the plat-
form, and I find that it dodges the question and
declares that the reconstruction measures are
unconstitutional and void. That is what I
make out of its declaration on that point,
although it is a long jumbled-up sentence.
The Democratic party, it appears, are unwill-
ing to say, in express language, what they intend
to do with a portion of the States in this Union,
whether they intend again to put them out.
The Democratic parly once broke up the gov-
ernments of those States; we have partially-
restored them. Noneof them have come square
up to the point except Mr. Frank Blair. He
has come up to it pretty squarely. I do not
understand the Senator from Pennsylvania on
that issue.
I say this bill is undoubtedly embarrassing
to them, because we tell them exactly what we
intend to do in the bill; that we intend that
every Stale restored to representation in this
Union, that shall have been reorganized, that
shall be a State in the Union at the time of
the election, shall vote and participate in the
presidential election ; that no disorganized
rebel State shall vote; that all the States
represented in Congress, all the States restored
to this Union, shall vote. That is the exact
rule which wc followed in 18G4, and for which
the Senator from Pennsylvania himself voted.
We intend to take that broad, honest ground
in advance ; and we do not fear the threats of
individuals, or of the whole Democratic party,
that they will again attempt to destroy this
Government. We want to have it distinctly
understood that none but legitimate State
governments shall lie represented in Congress
and the Electoral College, and that they shall
be represented; and then we want _ to see
which side of that issue the Democratic party
will take. I know it is embarrassing to them
to take either side. I know that it is embar-
rassing to them to admit that the work of
reconstruction is legally, justly, and honestly
progressing, notwithstanding all the obstruc-
tions that the Executive, that an organized
band of rebels in the South, that the organized
Democracy, and all the elements that are bad
in this country put together, have been able to
throw in the way. Notwithstanding all the
obstructions of these elements that are attempt-
ing to destroy our country, the work is pro-
gressing—the States are being restored. We
say that when the southern States are restored
wc will treat them in all respects as States,
and that we will defend our carpet-baggers.
We shall not be scared because the gentlemen
who have organized these governments in the
South, and have come here backed up by a
loyal constituency, are denounced as "carpet-
baggers" by the rebel leaders in New York,
who treated as honored guests Forrest and
Wade Hampton. Because they come to the
metropolis of this Republic and denounce
these men, the representatives of the loyal
people of the South, as " carpet-baggers," we
are not to be driven from standing by them.
We had to fight once before against the same
horde of men, many of the leaders of whom
were in New York.
