1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
and we want all inventors to have a fair chance
so far as the application of this meter is con-
cerned. Here is a fact which speaks volumes:
e\ fry distillery upon which that Tice meter
has been applied has stopped. How does the '
gentleman understand that?
Mr. WOOD. I was not listening.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was informed by the
Department that in every instance where this
meter was applied to a distillery the distillery
has stopped in consequence of it. What does
it mean? Before there was any meter they
could, by cheating the Government out of this
tax, perhaps two thirds of it, come into com-
petition with the low price of whisky in the
country and sell it from one dollar and fifty
to one dollar and eighty cents per gallon;
but when this meter, which would measure
accurately, and before they invented the means
of tampering with it, was applied, they could
not afford to make whisky because the whole
amount they made being ascertained the tax
was required on the whole, and they could not
make whisky as cheap as those dealing in stolen
whisky.
Mr. WOOD. So far as New York is con-
cerned I doubt whether there has been any
manufacture of whisky since the Government
intended to apply a meter. And the Depart-
ment requires a distiller to put up a very large
sum of money, which, in my judgment, there
is no authority of law for—a sum of money for
the meter itself. The distiller is compelled t6
purchase a meter at his own expense at from
one hundred to two hundred and fifty dollars,
and in some cases six hundred to one thousand
dollars.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am glad of this inter-
ruption because the gentleman is misinformed.
The price of the Tice meter has not yet been
fixed, nor is a single one yet paid for.
Mr. WOOD. They make a deposit.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know what I am talk-
ing about. There is an arbitration of three,
one chosen by Tice, one by the Department,
and the third by these two, who are to deter-
mine what the price shall be ; but in the mean
time those who have applied for this meter
have deposited what is considered by the De-
partment will cover more than any probable
cost of a meter, the sum of $1,500, and that
lies in the Treasury, the amount beyond what
is required to pay for the meter to be returned.
It has not yet been determined what is to be
paid back to the distiller.
I was speaking of the cases where they have
deposited $1,500 for the meter, where the
meter has been applied. In every instance,
so far as we have been informed, where it has
been applied and commenced to measure the
exact quantity of the liquor distilled the distil-
lery stopped. I say there is a world of mean-
ing in that in reply to gentlemen who say that
meters are of no value. The truth is, the meter
is only one of the aids. We want not only
accuracy of measurement but we want honest
officers besides. It is one of the means, and
inasmuch as the Committee of Ways and Means
cannot, from want of scientific and mechanical
knowledge as well as from want of time, devote
themselves to the examination of this question
to decide for themselves, we propose to throw
the matter open for a single month so as to
let every one who has invented anything on
this subject to present it to this commission,
which commission is to report before the 15tji
of next April. That is the purport of our
resolution.
We have had before us Hutchinson's, Hor-
ton's, Allen's, Pickett's, and two or three other
inventions of this kind. Some of them struck
us as being very ingenious and probably likely
to produce better results than Tice's meter.
But we do not pretend to have compared with
scientific and mechanical accuracy their rela-
tive value, nor whether they can be tampered
with or not to an extent making it injudicious
to rise them. We propose to refer the matter
to a scientific and mechanical commission to
report so that we may act more advisedly. We
have had a little distilling apparatus at work,
Horton's. I believe the report has even gone
abroad that we were making our own whisky
there free of tax. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDR1DGE. How is that?
Mr. SCHENCK. I beg gentlemen to be
assured that whatever other faults the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means or any members of it
may have, they know the difference between
new and old whisky, and would not be likely
to use it if it were made on the spot. [Laugh-
ter. ] I suggest also the impracticability of the
committee going to a distillery either at Balti-
more, Georgetown, or New York, as was done
before, aud watching the operation of the dif-
ferent meters in practice. If our labors are to
be worth anything at all they had better be
j given to the country here in this Hall and in
our committee-room.
All these things taken into consideration,
we have made a simple proposition to the
House which is all embodied in this statement,
that we want a scientific and mechanical com-
1 mission to be raised—and the Secretary of the
Treasury assures us that in its selection he will
be guided in a great degree if not entirely by
the suggestions as to persons made by the com-
mittee—who shall examine all the meters and
not confine themselves to that one which was
adopted under peculiar circumstances when
there was no sufficient chance given for any-
thing like wide competition ; and having done
so, shall speedily report anything in detail in
relation to the meters and their competency to
i be used as an aid to the Government in the
collection of its revenue, so that we may act
understandingly in the adoption of the meter
system or in its rejection altogether.
Now, sir, I hope the vote will be taken, and
that we may get rid of this subject, bearing in
mind what the resolution is, aud that gentle-
men ought not to be influenced in voting for or
against it by anything that has been said in
relation to outside questions.
The joiut resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER demanded the yeas
and nays on the passage of the joint resolu-
tion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the president.
Two messages in writing from the President
of the United States were received by Colonel
William G. Moore, his Secretary.
amendment of the constitution.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the Present:
To the House of Representatives :
I transmit a report from the Secretary of State, in
answer to a resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of yesterday, making inquiry how many and
what State Legislatures have ratified the proposed
amendment to the Constitution of the United States
known as the fourteenth article.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, January 7,1868.
The communication fronr the Secretary of
State was then read, as follows:
Department of State,
Washington, January 7, 1868.
The Secretary of State having received the resolu-
tion of ttie House of Representatives of the 6th of
January, 1868, directing him to inform that House
how many and what State Legislatures have ratified
the proposed amendment to the Constitution of the
United States known as "the fourteenth article,"
has sent a report to the President that official notice
has been received at this Department of the ratifi-
cation of the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, proposed by the Thirty Ninth Con-
gress. denominated "Article XIV.," by the Legis-
latures of the l'ollowing-naraed States:
Connecticut, New Hampshire, Tennessee, New
Jersey, Oregon, Vermont, New York, Ohio, Illinois,
West Virginia, Kansas, Nevada, Missouri, Indiana,
Minnesota, Rhode Island, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania,
Michigan, Massachusetts, and Nebraska.
Respectfully submitted,
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
The message and accompanying document
were referred to the Committee on the J udi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
spanish steamer nuestiia senolla.
The Speaker also laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
A Spanish steamer, named Nuestra Senora, being
in the harbor of Port Royal, South Carolina, on the
1st of December, 1861, Brigadier General T. W. Sher-
man, who was in command of the United States
forces there, received information which he supposed
justified him in seizing her, as she was on her way
from Charleston to Havana, with insurgent corre-
spondence on board. The seizure was made accord-
ingly; and during the ensuing spring the vessel was
sent to New York, in order that the legality of the
seizure might be tried.
By a degree of June 20,1863, Judge Betts ordered
the vessel to be restored; and by a subsequent decree
of October 15, 1863, he referred the adjustment of
damages to amicable negotiations between the two
Governments.
While the proceeding in admiralty was pending,
the vessel was appraised and taken by tho Navy
Department at the valuation of $28,000, which sum
that Department paid into the Treasury.
As the amount of this valuation cannot legally be
drawn from the Treasury without authority from
Congress, I recommend an appropriation for that
purpose.
It is proposed to appoint a commissioner on tho
part of this Government to adjust informally in this
case, with a similar commissioner on the part of
Spain, tho question of damages, the commissioners
to name an arbiter for points upon which they may
disagree. When the amount ot the damages shall
thus have been ascertained application will be made
toCongressfor afurther appropriation toward paying
them. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, January 7,1868.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the message
just read be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
iort covington, baltimore.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War
ad interim, transmitting a draft of a joint res-
olution for the sale of the site of Fort Coving-
ton, in the city of Baltimore, Maryland; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
election contest—symes vs. trimble.
Mr. UPSON, of the Committee on Elec-
tions, called up the contested-election case of
G. G. Symes vs. Lawrence S. Trimble, from
the first congressional district of the State of
Kentucky.
The question was upon the adoption of the
following resolutions, reported from the Com-
mittee of Elections:
Resolved, That G. G. Symes is not entitled to a
seat in this House as a Representative from the first
congressional district in Kentucky.
Resolved. That the oath of office bo now adminis-
tered to Lawrence S. Trimble, and that ho be ad-
mitted to a seat in this House as a Representative
from the first congressional district in Kentucky.
Mr. UPSON. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
content myself in the first place with a brief
statement of the nature of this case, of the
points or charges brought against Mr. Trim-
ble, and the conclusions to which the commit-
tee have arrived. Then I will give way for
the contestant to have an opportunity to be
heard by the House, and for the claimant, Mr.
Trimble, to be heard in reply; after.which,
unless there should be a disposition on the
part of the House to continue the discussion
further, I propose to call the previous ques-
tion.
It will be recollected that the credentials of
Mr. Trimble, who claims to he the member-
elect from the first congressional district of
the State of Kentucky, and who has the cer-
tificate from the proper officer of his election,
were referred to the Committee of Elections
at the first session of this Congress during the
past summer, with instructions to the com-
mittee to inquire and report whether the said
Trimble was "disqualified from sitting as a
member of this House on account of having
been guilty of acts of disloyalty to the Govern-
ment of the CFnited States or having given aid
aud comfort to its enemies." Other creden-
tials from the State of Kentucky were also
referred to the committee at the same time.
