2856
THE CO^aRESSIONAL GLOBIk
JxmhM,
Eric Canal," adopted by tie General Assembly of
Ohio, May 16,1?68. ,
Very respectfully, ' R. B. II AYES,
Governor,
Hon. william L.uvkenck, Washing/on, I). 0.
Joint resolution looking to a Survey of the Miami
and Brie canal.
Yv'Uereas tbe groat and increasing population and
resoui;c,es of tjus State.of Oliio, and of the West and
southwest of tire Ignited States, and the necessity of
furnishing easy ivaU:r communication between the
East and West, both "in peace and in war, demand
that soiiie step should be taken for the improvement
of our present nieans of transportation, for the pro-
ducts of these portions of the country: Therefore
Itewtved by the General Astemblp of the State of i
Ohio, That the Representatives of the State of Ohio
in Congress be, and tbey are hereby, requested, and
the,Senators from the Stiite instructed, to use ail
proper efforts and influence to procure a survey of
the Miami and Eiie canal, from Cincinnati to Toledo,
for the purpose of causing the sa.meto be enlarged to
the capacity of a ship-canal for the connection of tbe
waters of the Ohio and Mississippi with the great
lakes.
Jiemhrd, That the Governor of this State be re-
quested to cause a copy of the foreKoins preamble
and resolution to be forwarded to each of our Sena-
tors and Representatives in Congress.
JOHN F. FOLLETX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
WM. LAWEEJfCB,
President pro tempore of the Senate.
Adopted May 10,1S6S.
The Statu of Ohio,
Owjce oe the SeckStaey of Statu.
I. John Russell, Secretary of State of the Stato of
Ohio, do hereby certify that the foregoing is a true
copy of a joint resolution therein named, adopted by
tlie Oencrai Assembly of the State ot Ohio on tho
lGrb day of May. A. D. 1868, taken from tbe original
roils on file in this office.
In testimony whereof! have hereunto subscribed
r, my name and affixed tbe ^cal of thi- office, at
Columbus, the 23d day of May, A. D. 18GS.
JOHN RUSSELL,
Secretary of State.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I introduced a bill some weeks since, which
wasreferre 1 to the proper committee, to author-
ize an enlargement of the Miami and Erie
canal so as to make a ship-canal from Cincin-
nati to Toledo, thus connecting the waters of the
Ohio and the Mississippi with the great lakes.
If this should be done, as it will be done sooner
or later, Cincinnati, Toledo, and the cities of
my district will have most if not all of the
advantages of the sea-board cities. Ships will
fo directly from Cincinnati by way of Troy,
'equa, and-Toledo through the great lakes out
to the ocean and to all the ports of the world.
That this work will be made is one of the cer-
taintiesof the future. It is only a question of
time. Forty years ago no one could have fore-
seen the completion of our stupendous canals,
railroads, and other improvements, and in the
near future we will realize the completion of a
ship-canal, not only on the route proposed,
but on one less important but more discussed
from Chicago by way of Joliet to La Salle, so as
to connect Chicago with the Mississippi river.
The House has this day passed a bill giving
two hundred thousand acres of land in Minne-
sota to build a darn across the Mississippi.
That may be important to the interests of
commerce, but not so much so as the proposed
ship-canal. I move the reference of the pre-
amble and'resolution I have presented to the
Committee on Commerce, and that they be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at ten o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By ilr. BROOMALL: The petitions of
15 manufacturing linns of Chester and Dela-
ware counties, in the State of Pennsylvania,
employing, when in lull operation, 324 work-
men, now employing 174 workmen, represent-
ing that the productive interests of the country
'are suffering for want of efficient protection
against the cheaper capital and labor of foreign
countries; that tbe customs duties, which,
under a high gold premium, were sufficient to
create and foster manufactures, are now wholly
inadequate, and, in prospect of a continued
decline in gold, must shortly prove ruinous;
that much.of the distress now prevailing would
be relieved by the legislation suggested in Spe-
cial Commissioner Well's report of last year,
and perfected in the tariff bill as passed by
the Senate, which failed in the House March
18G7: and praying that Congress will resume
consideration of that measure and enact itiuto
a law at the earliest practicable momenf.
Also, the petitions of 155 operatives of Tod-
merden and Manchester Mills at Media, Penn-
sylvania, praying that Congress will resume
consideration of the tariff bill which failed in
the House of Representatives March 1867,
and enact it into a law at the earliest practica-
ble moment.
By Mr. BOYER: The petition of William
Hemphill, guardian of the minor brother of
Davia Hemphill, deceased, late private in
company E, seventy-second regiment Penn-
sylvania volunteers, for a pension.
By Mr. CAKE : The petition of Captain C.
F. Qlover and others, manufacturers of and
dealers and workers in tobacco, against an
increase in the tax on cigars, and recommend-
ing the collection of the tax by a revenue
stamp instead of an inspector's stamp.
By Mr.FARNSWORTH: The petition of
sundry cigar manufacturers and dealers in
tobacco, of Rockford, Illinois, upon the sub-
ject of the tax on those articles.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut: A
remonstrance of sundry citizens of Hartford,
Connecticut, against proposed increase of tax
on cigars.
By Mr. LINCOLN: A remonstrance of
Aaron Ogdenand others, of Owego, New York,
against an increase of the tax on cigars.
Also,a remonstrance ofFarrand & Plattsand
others, of Ithaca, New York, on same subject.
Also, a remonstrance of Westscott & Kent
and others, of Binghamton, New York, on
same subject.
Also, the petition of Cigar-maker's Union
of Binghamton, New York, on same subject.
By Mr. MOORHEAD : The petition of Miss
A. E. Hamilton, of Alleghany city, Pennsyl-
vania, praying that pensions may be allowed
her for her two adopted sons who were killed
in the war.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A remonstrance of
journeymen cigar-makers and manufacturers
of cigars, against the proposed changes in tbe
tax upon cigars.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of sundry
cigar-makers, asking various amendments to
the proposed revenuebill now being considered.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 5, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND .MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN presented resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Ohio, in favor
of a survey of tbe Miami and Erie canal, with
a view of having the same enlarged; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented the pe-
tition of Richard B. Duane, representative of
the estate of Washington Tams, deceased,
praying to be refunded rents for premises from
which he was evicted by United States troops;
which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
He also presented the petition of Horace
Tyler, praying compensation for deepening the
channel across the bar at tbe mouth of the
southwestern pass of the mouth of the Missis-
sippi river; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of
John A. Dix, Richard .\L Blatchford, and
George Opdyke, praying for the passage of a
law in reference to certain accounts oh the
hooks of the Treasury Department against
them ; which was referred to the Committee oa
Finance.
He also presented the memorial of the Selma,
Rome, and Dal ton Railroad Company, pray-
ing Congress to except irom the operation n£
House bill No. 2li7 the lands heretofore
granted to the State of Alabama for the Ala;
bama and Tennessee river railroad, and since
transferred to the first named corporation;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. McCREERY presented a resolution of
the Mechanics' State Council of California, in
favor of the passage of a law making eight
hours a legal day's work in all Government
workshops; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented three petitions of citizens
of the United States, praying the passage of
a law making eight hours a legal day's work
iti all Government workshops; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CONNBSS presented the memorial of
Samuel F. Butrcrworth, praying to be relieved
from all liabilities as security for W. G. Ken-
dall, late deputy postmaster at New Orleans;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the memorial of
the Baltimore Copper Company, praying tha
admission of foreign copper ores free of
duty ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a petition of
Cigar-makers Union No. 73, of Fort Wayne,
Indiana, praying that the tax of five dollars
per thousand on cigars may be retained, and
that the present tariff on imported cigars may
remain unchanged ; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That Henry Bodenheim & Co. baveleava
to withdraw their memorial irom tbe files of the
Senate.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 372) granting landstoaid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Brownville, Nebraska,
and for aiding other railroads in the State of
Nebraska to intersect the Union Pacific rail-
road, reported it with amendments.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 108) to reestablish the boundaries of
the collection districts of Michigan and Mich-
ilimackinac, and to change the names of the
collection districts of Michilimackinac and
Port Huron, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 538) to ex-
tend the boundaries of the collection district
of Philadelphia so as to include the whole
consolidated city of Philadelphia, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 1120) to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury to change
the names of certain vessels, reported it with-
| out amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY, from 'the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion ot James F. Joy, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
| referred to the Committee ou Finance ; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Kmma M, Moore,
widow of E. W. Moore, deceased, praying
payment of the amount due him as an officer
of the late navy of Texas, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr, TRUMBULL. from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported an amendment intended
; to be proposed to the bill (H. R, No. C05J
[ making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
| utive, and judicial expenses of the Goverti-
1 ment for the year ending June 30,1869: which
