3'32
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
Senate.
Bepresentatim in Congress—Mr. Vickers.
40th Cosg....2  Sess.
necessity, must be upon terms of equal dignity
and rights. By what authority, express or
implied, can it now receive and hold alleged
forfeited rights of sovereign States in trust to
be dispensed at pleasure on a subsequent.rec-
ogtiition of those States? The theory that the
General Government can become a trustee of
sovereign political State power is a pretension
#hiph finds no sanction or color of authority
in the letter or spirit of the Constitution, nor in
the histor}' of the Government, nor in analogy,
nor in any of the discussions of statesmen, com-
mentaries, and written dissertations upon our
frame of government, nor in any known tra-
ditions or speculations jjrior to the year 1861.
As a further illustration of the superiority
of the State governments in reference to their
reserved po#er and dignity, and of the proper
relation, of the General Government to the
States; I refer to the forty-fifth number of the
Federalist, which declares—
"That the State Governments will have the .advan-
tage of the Federal Government, whether we compare
them in respect to the immediate dependence of the
one on the other; to the weight of personal influence
which each aide will possess; to the powers respect-
ively vested in thorn; to the predilection and prob-
able support of the people; to the disposition and
faculty oi resisting and frustrating tho measures of
each other. The State governments may be regarded
us constituent and essential parts of the Federal
Government; while the latter is nowise essential to
the operation or organization of tlio former. With-
out the intervention of the State Legislatures the
President of the JJnited States cannot be elected at
all. Xhoy musfcin all casos have a great share in his
appointment, and will, perhaps, in most cases, of
themselves determino it. The Senate will be elected
absolutely and exclusively by the State Legislatures.
Even the House of Representatives, though drawn
immediately from the people, will be chosen very
much under tho influence of that class of men whose
influence over the people obtains for themselves an
election into the State Legislatures. Thus each of
tho principal branches of the Federal Government
will owe its existence more or less to tho favor of the
State governments, and must consequently feel a
dependence which is much more likely to beget a
disposition too obsequious than too overbearing
toward them."
Wo have thus presented to us by the able and
enlightened pen of Mr. Madison, who assisted
to frame the Constitution, who understood thor-
oughly the nature and extent of the powers of
the State governments, imparted and reserved,
and without whose aid and influence the Con-
stitution would probably nothavebeen adopted,
a statesman's account of tho character, attri-
butes, and relations of the States and General
Government, and the dependence of the latter
for its continued existence upon the former;
and now at this enlightened period we have
the extraordinary exhibition of a Government
which he foretold would be more likely to
become obsequious, arrogating to itself original
and sovereign functions and powers over the
existence and organic laws of State govern-
ments, sitting in judgment upon them, pre-
scribing conditions of a fundamental nature
upon their constitutions, and attempting to
fasten a perpetual restriction upon the right
ot the people to alter their form of govern-
ment!
A pamphlet in reference to the State of
South Carolina has been laid upon my table,
and as that is one of the States included in
the present bill, I beg permission to read some
extracts from it. _ It is signed by Wade Hamp-
ton, Joseph Daniel Pope, John P. Thomas,
Samuel McGowan, F. W. MeMaster, and W.
M. Shannon, State Central Executive Com-
mittee. These gentlemen say:
" The State is now sadly impoverished. The prop-
erty which her people had in her slaves has been
swept away; it is true, given up byandwith thecon-
sent of the State; nevertheless, that property no
longer represents capital and value. • The ravages of
war, the marks of the conqueror's torch, are every-
where visible. The labor of the country is passing
from one State to another, and is disturbed and de-
moralized. The flower of the Commonwealth has
fallen on the battle-held, and the broken fortunes and
disappointed hopes of a proud people weigh heavily
upon the energies of at least the old and the less san-
guine among us. Yet, under these circumstances,
affecting enough to touch tho sympathies of every
manly nature, and in violation, as we conceive it, of
the political inheritance of our forefathers, here in
South Carolina wcare threatened with tho onus of a
monstrous p!<in of public spoliation under tho guise
of an equitable system of taxation, tinder the forms
of law it is proposed to take away the little that the
war has left us. 'Taxation without representation'
ij combined with' representation without taxation.'
Thus, in South Carolina, it is contemplated to revive
the tyranny of the British Parliament in 1776, and to
add thereto a new and startling feature."
The Constitution which we are now called
upon to recognize, and upon which this State
is to be admitted, was framed principally by
negroes. I read from the same pamphlet:
'* The constitutional convention was composed of—
Whites  47
Colored  74
121
Seventy-four colored pay of taxes $117 93
One alone paying  85 35
Elence seventy-three colored pay  $32 5S
or less than fifty cents each.
Forty-seven whites pay  781 02
One white (conservative) paying  SOS 85
Hence forty-six whites pay ?252 77
or less than six dollars each.
"Of the forty-seven white members, twentv-threo
pay no tax at all, and of tho seventy-four colored
members, fifty-nine pay no tax at all. Of the whites,
at least one fourth were Government employes and
northern adventurers, and of the eoloied mon, a
goodly number were from abroad."
I have thus given a description of the com-
ponent parts of the convention which framed
the constitution in South Carolina. Under that
constitution they have electcd a Legislature
thus composed:
"Tho legislature clccted under the new constitu-
tion stands thus, exclusive of the districtsof Marion
and Lancaster, as tho Democratic success in these
districts is contested:
Senate.
"Whites  20
Colored  12
Total..
  ,32
House of Representatives.
Whites    37
Colored  80
Total  123
Rceavitulntion.
Whites  57
Colored  <)8
Whole number 155
or nearly two colored to one white.
Ninety-eight colored pay of taxes 5143 74
One colored paying  83 35
Ilcnce ninety-seven colored pay SCO 39
or less than seventy cents each.
Fifty-seven whites pay §491 49
Eleven conservative whites po.y  191 43
Hence forty-six whites pay $297 06
or less than seven dollars each.
"Of these fifty-seven white members twenty-four
pay no taxes at all. Of these nmoty-eight colored
members sixty-sovon pay no taxes at all.
" With regard to the State government: the officers
consist of seven whites and one eolorcd; the colored
man having the paid office of le.^t profit.
As to taxes:
The Governor pays   $00 00
Tho Secretary of State  00 00
The Comptroller General  00 00
The Treasuier  00 00
The Attorney General  00 00
Tho Superintendent of Education    00 00
The Lieutenant Governor.  15 99
The Adjutant and Inspector General  1 00 |
Making
.. $16 99
"Thus the eight members of tho State corps of offi-
cers pay on an average each $2 11."
Mr. President, I ask if Ihe Senate of the
United States will receive a State into this
Union on a constitution thus formed and a
government thus instituted ? It was " taxation
without, representation" that produced in a
great degree the war of our independence ; it
was one of the great burdens and evils com- !
plained of by our fathers that they were taxed !
withont representation; but here in this Gov-
ernment we have not only the people taxed
without representation, but we have this griev-
ance doubly intensified by having representa-
tion virtually without taxation* Could there
be a more flagrant wrong upon any free people
than we impost by accepting this constitution
and form of government? In these southern
States, according to their constitutions, the
emancipated slaves are entitled to suffrage.
They are more numerous in some than the
white population; while in all many of the
whites are disfranchised.
If I understood the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Pattebson,] he said that intelli-
gence was necessary for self-government as
well as for political government. Now, I ask
where is the intelligence upon which this con-
stitution of South Carolina is based? Where
is the intelligence that elected her Legislature,
composed principally of the recently emanci-
pated slaves 1 I have always been taught to
believe that no republican Government could
exist unless it was predicated upon the intelli-
gence and virtue of the people. These negroes
have had no opportunity to become intelligent.
They were born and roared in ignorance,
uneducated, unlettered, superstitious, - and
credulous, and I would almost be inclined to
assert that 0110 half of them tiever heard the
word "loyalty" or the word " Union" until
they were told when these elections were about
to be held. Why, sir, what do they know of
the constituents of a republican Government?
What about the coordinate departments of
Government ? the checks and balances that
regulate a republic. They comprehend nothing
in this respect, and in tlieir present condition
are unable to understand even the elementary
principles of a republican Government: and
yet we are to admit a State founded by ignor-
ance, not by intelligence. I know that " lib-
erty and loyalty " is a favorite theme with
some gentlemen here ; but are they alone a
sufficient foundation for p. republic? These
people have 110 intelligence, not sufficient at
least to engage in the formation of a constitu-
tion or of ordinary legislation. What is our
practice when we alter a constitution of one of
our State governments ? Is it not to elect the
most intelligent men in the community, gentle-
men of experience and of some political dis-
tinction, who have a knowledge of the nature
and the workings and operations of government;
but here we have a constitution formed by men
who could not, perhaps, spell the word " con-
stitution," and who know nothing of the rudi-
ments of a constitution.
To show that these people axe ignorant, and
known to be so, let me read an extract from a
recent number of the New York Tribune :
"Republicans in all tho States had better make
up their minds at once that there cannot be two
policies in the party at one©, one for the North and
one for tho South. We cannot give the ignorant
millions of freedmen in the rebel States the ballot,
and the samctime lefuse it to the educated thou-
sands m the JS"orth. If we attempt such a jugglery
we shall find out thatwe have notchcatedthe negro,
but ourselves."
I read this for the purpose of showing the
opinion of one of the leading editors ot this
country, publishing, perhaps, one of the most
influential papers, that these are "ignorant
millions. ' _ Is it possible that we are to give
to these "ignorant millions" the preponder-
ance over the white race who own the land
and other property of the South, and enable
them to impose taxes without limitation. The
committee from South Carolina, to whom I
have alluded, have given in their appeal the
items of taxes to be raised 111 that State. I
will not trouble the Senate by going over the
details, but will give tho aggregate, which ia
$2,230,0.">0. These gentlemen say;
04 c. late a-eessment of real estate throughout the
State, city, town, and conn try, is ^70,507,075, on which
a tax levied of three per eent, will raise £2,115,212,
I real Citato ownors are to defray the expenses of
tne state, it will require moro than tiireopercent, to
