1868.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong,..,2d Sess.
Representation in Congress—Mr, Vichqrs.
Senate.
meet them. Formerly itwas about one half per cent.,
and that, too, when lands and real estate in general
had not depreciated in value."
Shall we, by tlie adoption of this bill, com-
mit the whole property of that State, valued
at $70,000,000, and the taxes of the State,
amounting to $2,000,000, into the bands of
these men who pay no taxes comparatively—
manyof whom pay none absolutely—and who
therefore have no interest bat to increase taxa-
tion and expenditures?
But upon what ground do we give to these
people the elective franchise? Is it. for their
benefit? I have always understood that when
a franchise of any sort was bestowed, it was
intended for the advantage of the persons upon
whom it was conferred. But is the elective
franchise conferred upon these negroes who do
not understand it, for their benefit and advan-
tage. when they have not the qualifications to
exercise it? It cannot be bestowed on them
for such a purpose, because they cannot appre-
ciate nor properly enjoy it. But is it conferred
on them as a punishment of others? If that
be the object of it, I submit whether there is
any constitutional power to punish any portion
of the people of a State by giving the elective
franchise to those who are not worthy of it?
. We ought to confine ourselves as closely to
th.e Constitution as we can ; aud upon that
subject I have a very high authority which I
will read to the Senate. It is a speech made
on the 7th of March, 1860, by the Senator
from Ohio who now occupies the Chair, in
answer to a speech made by Mr. Toombs of
Georgia. Tlie debate was as to the right to
carry property into the Territories. The Sen-
ator from Ohio said:
"Take another case, one that is, perhaps, likely to
oecur a little sooner. Suppose Urigh am Young fchould
come from the State of Utah and bring with him
his forty wives, and the State has a law that a man
shall have but one wife. Brigham says 'These
are my property; yea, more than myproporty; yea,
they are forty ribs taken oat of my body while 1
slept; 1 must bring them in here, or the State of
Utah will not be on equal foo-ting with the other
States of the Union.' Away with such logic. There
is no guarantee in the Constitution of the United
States for such a position as that. Our safety, Mr.
President, consists in keeping close to the Constitu-
tion. Whatever we claim let us find the direct war-
rant for it there, or the neccssary implication to carry
out some other power that is manifebtly granted.
The moment we go astray from this we are in tho
iog;\vcare in dispute; we endanger the harmony
ol our action; and itisdonc in this instance. In this
great departure from the early principles of this
(Government you have involved portions of the na-
tion in almost irretrievable hostility to each other.
Let us go back to the Constitution and follow it."
That is the language of a statesman who has
had opportunities to acquire a knowledge of
the Constitution and its principles, and those
are his doctrines ; Keep close to the Consti-
tution." Never was better advice given by
any statesman or patriot. The closer we keep
to the Constitution the better for the coun-
try, for this Government, and for the States.
" Whatever we claim, let us find the direct
warrant for it there." I ask, where is the
"diiect wairant" for imposing these condi-
tions on the southern States? Is there any
warrant in tho power to admit new States or
in the clause relative to the guarantee of a
republican form of Government? Is there any
power anywhere in the Constitution of the
CJniEed States to authorize such an assumption
of authority as prescribing conditions to a free
and sovereign State ?
" Tho moment we go astray from this we arc in the
fog; we are in dispute; we endanger tho harmony
ot our action, and it is done in this instance."
Nothing truer was ever said. The very
moment we depart from the Constitution that
very moment we are in the fog; tho ship of
State cannot be steered safely into harbor, but
our only safety is in keeping "close to the
Constitution.'1
As I have stated, negroes cannot properly
be associated with the whites in the govern-
ments of the States or in the General Govern-
ment. They are of a different race, and their
incorporation into government will not pro-
duce harmony and concord. Let me read
further from the same speech of the Senator
from Ohio:
" There is one thing more that I will say before X
sit down; but what I am now about to propose is not
part and parcel of the Republican platform, that I
know of. There is in these United States a race of
men who are poor, weak, uninfluential, incapable; of
taking care of themselves. 1 mean the free negroes,
who are despised by all, repudiated by all; outcasts
upon tho face of the earth without any fault of theirs
that I know of; but they are the victims of a deep-
rooted prejudice, and I do not stand hero to argue
whether that prejudice be right or wrong. I know
such to be the tact. It is there immovable. It is
perfectly impossible that these two races can inhabit
the same place and be prosperous and happy. I see
that this species of population are just as abhorrent
to the southern States, and perhaps more so th;ui to
the North; many of those States are now, as I think,
passing most unjust laws to drive these men off or to
subject them to slavery; they arc flocking now into
the free States, and we have objections to them.
Kow, the proposition is, that this great Government
owes it to justice, owes it to those individuals, owes
it to itself and to the free white population of the na-
tion, to provide a means whereby this class of unfor-
tunate men may emigrate to some congenial clime,
where they may be maintained, to the mutual ben-
efit of all, both white and black. This will insure a
separation of the races. Let them go into the trop-
ics. There, I understand, are vast trivets ot the most
fertile and inviting lands, in a climate perfectly con-
genial to that class of men, where the negro will be
predominant; where his nature seems to be improved,
and all his faculties, both mental and physical, arc
fully^ developed, and where the white man degener-
ates in the same proportion as the black man pros-
pers. Let them go there; let them bo separated; it
is easy to do it."
That was in 1860, and what was true then
is true in 1868. He said that it was " impos-
sible that these two races can inhabit the same
place and be prosperous and happy;" that
they are as abhorrent to the southern States,
perhaps more so, than to the North "they
are the victims of a deep-rooted prejudice;"
"it is there immovable." If this deep-rooted
prejudice exists, if it is ineradicable, if tile
two races cannot live together prosperously
and happily, I ask how they can live together
when they participate in the same Government,
with the same rights and privileges? If they
cannot live together in an inferior state when
this prejudice exists howcan they live together
amicably, prosperously, and happily when they
are to have equal power with the white popula-
tion ? Is it not absurd to suppose that they
can get along peaceably and harmoniously
when enjoying those equal rights and privileges,
when there is this deep-rooted prejudice of
which the Senator truly spoke?
But 1 have heard it said that these States are
to be admitted because their loyal inhabitants
have asked for their admission, that they have
complied with the requisitions of Congress by
forming constitutions and electing State Legis-
latures, that these loyal citizens of the South
now come and ask for admission. When did
the negroes of tho South become loyal? Was
it during the war? Did they uot labor to sup-
port not only the armies of the rebellion, but
the families of those who were engaged in j
it? They knew nothing about loyalty except j
to their owners. They we re loyal to them, |
and labored with industry and fidelity, and by
their efforts the armies of the South were par-
tially sustained. How, then, can it be said that
these aie loyal people now when they were
neither loyal nor disloyal during the war : or
if they had any loyalty, it was to the South.
Mr. President, a great responsibility devolves
upon the Congress of the United States in i
reference to the matter under consideration. I
Perhaps no subject ever was presented to any {
deliberative body of such magnitude and in- |
volving such momentous consequences as this. !
It affects, or may affect the interests, the lives, j
and the property of millions of persons ; and !
the consequences will be with this Congress, j
Daniel Webster was once asked what was the
greatest thought of which the human mind had !
ever conceived, and his reply was " individual
responsibility." It reaches through the past, !
comprehends the present, and in its conse- :
quences may extend into the future. That i
responsibility is now tjpon the Senate of the
United States and cannot be avoided ; neither
can it be divided. It is indivisible in its nature.
Every Senator who supports this measure will
be answerable for the fnll and aggregate amount
and weight of the responsibility which will
grow out of it if it shall prove disastrous and
In my opinion this subject rises infinitely
higher than all party considerations. 11- is one
of such a character that party spirit OBght BOt
to approach it. It is a great constitutioaal
question, such as no country ever had to con-
sider. We can get no precedent from the his-,
tory of other countries and none from the annals
of our own; but we are to act upon it accord-
ing to the lights we have before us and in view
of its tremendous import and immensity.
I contend that this bill ought to be post-
poned, because it cannot be a permanent meas-
ure. It is impossible in the nature of things
that it can produce peace, harmony, atid pros
perity in the South. I suppose no Senator who
looks at it can fairly conclude that this measure
can be permanent in its character and pro-
ductive of happy and fortunate results. I know
the question is a troublesome one toCongress,
and I have no doubt they are anxious to dis-
pose of it. I am as anxious as any member of
the Senate; but when it is disposed of let it
be once and forever. Who will answer for the
consequences that may follow if a conflict
should ensue between the races if we pass this
bill ? Senators, it is not a permanent measure;
it is not one fraught with good, but it may be
laden with evil. I hope it is not. I earnestly
hope that it may redound to the interests of
my country ; but I can see nothing but trouble,
strife, and calamity before us if it is forced
upon the South. You bad better defer it until
a more auspicious period.
Deal not harshly with these people. If we
attempt to bring them again into political and
personal fellowship, let us do it with fraternal
affection and interest, and not in a manner
calculated to embitter that relation and to keep
alive the remembrance of tho dreadful conflict
through which they have passed. Let us aot
extend the right arm of friendship aud invite
them to our embrace, and at the same moment
denounce them as rebels and traitors—words
which were opprobriously applied to our fathers
who won our independence, and which can
never be used to promote imity and concord.
We have decided by the wager of battle that
we cannot be separated, but that we have a
common country, Constitution, and destiny;
and have been joined together by political ties
which can never be broken; should we not
resolve to live in unity and peace?
Let us remember that these brethren of the
South have passed through ordeals of fire and
sword ; of blood, havoc, and ruin ; their bright-
est jewels have been destroyed and lost; their
fondest hopes blighted and gone ; husbands,
sons, wives, and daughters involved in a com-
mon calamity ; that the passions have been
lashed by events into the fury of the whirl-
wind, and hate and anger inflamed by the
torch and ravages of war ; that want and suffer-
ing have succceded plenty and luxury ; poverty,
humiliation, and sorrow have entered tlie
households where competency and comfort
and happiness held sway. Let the softening
hand of time be laid upon that unhappy and
desolated country. Let the passions and ani-
mosities engendered by tlie war have time to
ebb and subside, and at a season not far dis-
tant these people will be able to accommodate
themselves to their new condition, and return
in peace and unite harmoniously with the
Congress of the United States, under consti-
tutions framed by themsclyes, in that spirit ot
justice and liberality which the progress and
spirit of the age will prompt and justify, and
which will place them upon terms o| perfect
equality and dignity with the other States ot
the Union.
