1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1833
been duplicated ; I believe the Department lias
paid duplicated coupons of your bonds; I be-
lieve it has taken counterfeit notes which
were seat there for redemption and set them
afloat over the country again. The Depart-
ment lias done all these things, and yet it finds
defenders in both ends of this Capitol.
Now, I will say one thing to you, gentle-
men of the committee, if I have done nothing
else for you, I have taught your Treasurer how
to keep books. I venture the assertion that
you will never see anything of that kind upon
the books again. And you have learned some-
thing, too, gentlemen, and that is, that you
cannot put me down in this House. [Laughter.]
Now, there is one other point to which I
wish to .call the attention of gentlemen. Have
you noticed particularly this certificate which
has been read here, and which I am satisfied
is copied from the books, and is the same
which I saw ? I do not remember all the words
exactly, but the heading is just the same. What
is the certificate ?
Treasury Department,
Washington, December 19,1867.
We hereby certify that all the United Statesseeuri-
tics spocificd and described in llie foregoing schedule,
were this day totally destroyed in our presence.
w. v. s. wilson;
For the Secretary of the Treasury.
CHARLES NEALE.
For the Register of the Treasury.
J. w. wilelpley,
For the Tr nasurer of United States.
george m.davls,
Specially appointed by the Secretary.
Now, take the other certificate, and see how
handsomely that reads:
These bonds are but blank pieces of paper. The
authority of the committee for denominating them
as bonds of specified value is dorived from slips that
accompany e^ch package, which slips are made out
in the office of Mr. Clark.
Their authority for making that certificate is
derived, not from the law, not from any legal
authority, such as the order of Mr. Spinner,
for instance, but from slips which accompany
each package. That is their authority ; slips
tbaL accompany each package of paper. They
call the paper '• bonds" because the slips are
marked "bonds." And who certifies to this
effect? Mr. Burket, Mr. Seely, and Mr. Court-
ney—three different men from those who cer-
tified that they had seen this amount of bonds
destroyed.
Now, it is said that this is a fair transaction,
that this is a proper transaction. Now, I say,
whether there has been fraud upon the Gov-
ernment or not,, there is at least fraud so far
as the keeping of these books is concerned.
At all events, these books are kept so that I
could commit a fraud if I was there and so
disposed. _ Let me suppose a case: suppose 1
am the printer of these bonds, and I have so
much blank paper handed over to me. It is
said that it is all charged as so much money.
To whom is it charged? I asked the commit-
tee this morning, and I ask them now, if there
is any one of them who can show me the book
on which this blank paper, when it first goes
into the printing department, is charged against
Mr. Clark, the one who prints it, as so much
money or bonds?
There is no such book in the Department.
He charges it as money against the clerk or
the superintendent to whom it is handed out.
When it passes through his hands there is no
check against fraud. Any one can take that
blank paper and print coupons without print-
ing the bonds. The coupons do not require to
be signed. The gentleman says that fraud can-
not bo committed, because the bonds require
to be not only registered but signed. Do cou-
pons require to be signed by anybody? When
once printed they do not have to be signed.
The coupons for any amount of bonds may be
printed without, printing the bonds, and then
the blank paper for the bonds can be burned.
This may account for the duplicate coupons
that the Treasury Department has been pay-
ing. There may be something in this matter.
The committee had better examine it. Some-
thing might be developed.
I was induced to make the statement which
I submitted the other day for the benefit of the
Government, that it might not be robbed. I
had no purpose of making any charge against
any individual. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Laflin,] for whom I have the
highest regard, need not come to the defense
of General Spinner. I am as good a friend of
General Spinner as the gentleman from New
York or his colleague, [Mr. Van Wyck.] I
would trust General Spinner as far as any man.
I have made no charge against General Spin-
ner. I do not make any charge against any-
body. But I stated facts which were to me
evidence of fraud in the Department on the
part of somebody, and I thought it necessary
that the matter should be investigated. If the
committee have investigated it and found there
was no fraud, God knows, I am glad of it. But
they could have investigated the matter, sub-
mitted their report, and explained how the case
stood, without any insinuations against me.
If I am to be attacked here, directly or indi-
rectly, because I have had a tilt or two with the
Treasury Department, so be it. I am willing
that other gentlemen should go before the
country as the advocates and defenders of that
Department, while I appear as its prosecutor;
and we shall see who will come out best.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] that he may move
an adjournment.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at four o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rules, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petitioh of Colonel
J. M. Coinparct, of Fredericksburg, Texas, late
colonel of the one hundred and forty-second
Indiana volunteers, upon the condition of In-
dian affairs in said State, and asking for mili-
tary protection.
Also, resolutions of the Alamo Lodge Union
League of America, indorsing resolutions of a
mass meeting at San Antonio, Texas, upon the
division of the State.
By Mr. BROMWELL: The petition of citi-
zens of Mattoon and Prairie City, praying for
the establishment of a daily mail route between
said places.
By Mr. FLANDERS: The petition of the
members of the Legislature and others, citizens
of Washington Territory, in relation to an act
defining the several judicial districts and as-
signing the judges thereto.
By Mr. GElZ : The petition of paper-makers
of Berks county, Pennsylvania, against the pas-
sage of the bill now before Congress creating
an international copyright law.
By Mr. H ULBUKD : The petition-of sundry
bank officers and clerks in the city of New
York, asking the abolition of the income tax.
By Mr. KELLEY: Four protests of en-
gravers and bookbinders of Philadelphia,
against the enactment of a copyright law.
By Mr. LOGAN: The petition of John D.
Ashmore, of South Carolina, to be restored to
civil and political rights.
By Mr. McCARTHY : The remonstrance of
100 cigar-makers and manufacturers in Syra-
cuse, New York, against stamping each cigar.
Also, an approval of the present tariff on im-
ported cigars. Also, asking for the repeal of
the law compelling them to take out permits
to work at their legitimate business.
By Mr. MOORE : A memorial of citizens of
Egg Harbor city, setting forth that the public
interests require the establishing of a port of
entry at Egg Harbor city, Atlantic county,
New Jersey.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: The petition of
John Wible, of the city of Alleghany, Penn-
sylvania, praying that compensation be made
him for property taken from him by Captain
TV". D. Porter, of the United States gunboat
Essex, on the 12th day of August, 1862.
By Mr. NICHOLSON: The remonstrance
of paper manufacturers of Newark, Delaware,
against the enactment of an international copy-
right law.
Also, the memorials of Boards of Trade of
Philadelphia, and Wilmington, Delaware, for
the improvement of the Christiana river at and
near its mouth.
Also, the petition of morocco manufac-
turers of Wilmington, Delaware, asking that
after the 1st of June next raw goatskins and
sumac may be admitted free of duty.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of citizens
of Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, asking for
a modification of the tax upon bitters and ton-
ics manufactured by them.
By Mr. PAINE: A memorial of A. Bier-
sach, of Milwaukie, relating to the packing of
tobacco.
By Mr. UPSON: A memorial of superin-
tendent of public instruction of Michigan, in
regard to resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Michigan praying Congress for grants
of lands to the several States to endow female
colleges therein.
By Mr. WOODWARD: The petition ofW.
Patton, of Bradford county, Pennsylvania,, for
the repeal of the reconstruction laws.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 12, 1868. *
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial of the
Board oi'Trade of Wilmington, Delaware, pray-
ing an appropriation for the improvement of
the harbor at the mouth of Christiana river;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented a memorial of the Board
of Trade of Wilmington, Delaware, praying
for sucli a change in the revenue laws as shall
authorize the immediate forwarding of goods
and merchandise received at any port of the
United Statesand directed to another port to the
customs officers of the latter port as directed,
without entry, warehousing, bonding, or other
delay at the port of arrival; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of importing
merchants, manufacturers, and other business
men of Wilmington, Delaware, praying for such
a change of the revenue laws as shall authorize
the immediate forwarding of goods and mer-
chandise received at any port of the United
States, and directed by invoice or bill of lading
to another port, to the customs officers of the
latter port as directed, without entry, ware-
housing, bonding, or other delay at the port
of arrival; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance. ,
He also presented a petition of manufac-
turers of morocco of Wilmington, Delaware,
praying a repeal of the duty on imported goat
skins aud sumac, and a repeal of the internal
revenue tax of two and a half per cent., and
an increase of the duty on imported finished
or manufactured morocco ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
"Wilmington, Delaware, employes of morocco
manufacturers, praying for a repeal of the duty
on imported goat skins and sumac, and a re-
peal of the internal revenue tax of two and a
half per cent., and an increase of the duty on
imported finished or manufactured morocco;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Newcastle, Delaware, praying that the surviving
soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812, and the
widows of such as have deceased, be placed
upon the pension-roll; which was ordered to
lie on the table, a bill on that subject having
been reported.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented the petition
of GeorgianaC. Smith, praying suchan'amend-
ment of the bankrupt law that her mother may
