1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
449
ing to this House, so far as any argument he j
assumes outside of the evidence in connection
with me goin^ to show that I cannot conscien- 1
tiuusly take the oath of olfice is without found-
ation in truth or in fact. But I will not de-
tain the House after the very able and impar-
tial report of the Committee of Elections, who
visited my State and heard every witness the
gentleman proposed to introduce, and read
every deposition taken by him long after the
time had expired for taking legal testimony, j
'J'hev have read that evidence, they have passed j
upon it and submitted their report to the j
House, and by their decision I am willing to
abide.
Mr. UPSON. I propose now to call for the
previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like before the
gentleman calls the previous question to say a
few words.
Mr. UPSON. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. MAYNARD. As I understand from
the report of the committee, this is simply a
question of testimony, a question of evidence,
and from the hasty and imperfect view I have
been able to give the testimony I should be
glad if the gentleman who represents the action
of the committee would oblige me by an expla-
nation of some portions of it to which I wish to
call his attention, as it has been his business
to examine it, and I have not had an opportu-
nity to do so.
Mr. UPSON. I intend to call the previous
question, and then I shall be entitled to occupy
the floor for one hour, and I can then answer
such questions as the gentleman desires to put,
unless he wishes to make a speech.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not propose to
speak on the subject. I am not competent to
do so. I would like, however, to hear from
the gentleman about some matters that, so far
as the case presents itself now, I confess I am
not entirely clear about. I do not propose to
consume much time.
Mr. UPSON. Very well; go on.
Mr. MAYNARD. I find on page 119 of
Miscellaneous Documents of last session, No.
47, the testimony of a man of the name of W.
F. Ellitliorp, who says:
"I live in Paducah, Kentucky. I have been ac-
quainted with Mr. Trimble for fourteen years. There
wa« a partnership formed in June, 1S61, between L.
S. Ellithorp & Co., of which firm I was a member, the
firm consisting of L. S. Ellithorp, D. W. Ellithorp,
myself, L. S. Trimble, L. M. Flournoy, and D. A.
Given. There was nothing definito in the arrange-
ment, except that we were to operate in such thing3
as we could make money of. The firm had no par-
ticular style. Sometimes the goods were marked L.
S. Ellithorp & Co., and sometimes Flournoy. Trimble
k Co. I think the name most used was Flournoy,
Trimble & Co. My brother, D. W. Ellithorp, went
to Cincinnati with L. S. Trimble and purchased a
large amount of groceries, bacon, provisions, and
whisky. Between here and St. Louis there were. I
think, seven thousand barrels of whisky purchased—
all that there was in the market; but it was not all
delivered."
Mr. UPSON. If the time taken by the gen-
tleman in reading this testimony is to come
out of my hour my time will be consumed and
I shall be precluded from making any remarks.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Michigan that he is entitled
to one hour to close the debate, and if during
that hour he demands the previous question
the rote will not be taken until the close of his
hour.
have not yet moved the
The gentleman has risen
Mr. UPSON. I
previous question.
The SPEAKER.
to close the debate.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is for that reason that
I desire to propound my interrogatories before
the previous question is moved. The gentle-
man has spoken once, acd of course he cannot
take the floor again until after the previous
question is seconded and the main question
ordered, and then he is entitled to an }iour. I
asked him to withhold the call for the previous
question until I could present this matter to
him as it lies in my own mind.
Mr. UPSON. I understood the gentleman
to say that he did not wish to make a speech.
Mr. MAYNARD. No; I do not wish to
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 29.
make a speech, but to present an interrogatory
to the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the gentleman from Michigan rose, no other
gentleman claiming the floor, after Mr. Trim-
ble had taken his seat. The gentleman from
Tennessee did not then claim the floor; but if
the gentleman from Michigan now surrenders
the floor the Chair will recognize the gentle-
man from Tennessee as entitled to it. i
Mr. UPSON. Very well.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten- I
nessee is entitled to the floor. |
Mr. UPSON. If the gentleman does not
wish to take the floor and make a speech, but
simply to call attention to some testimony%
then I understand him. If he wishes to make
a speech 
Mr. MAYNARD. I will not contend about
terms. The gentleman may call it a sp#e'ch
or whatever h# pleases. As I have the floor
I believe I will hold it.
I continue the reading of the testimony of
Mr. Ellithorp:
"The ^oods were shipped, some to Cairo, some to
Paducah, some to Danville, on the Tennessee river.
My impression—in fact, my knowledge—is that the
great bulk of them went South. I was most of the
time in Tennessee, six miles trom Union City, where
the firm of L. S. Ellithorp & Co. had a contract for
building a piece ol railroad connecting Paducah with
the Mobile road, and where we had some four hun-
dred men at work, The good" were permitted there
for the supply of those men, but what w.is not used
tor that purpose was sold in the neighborhood indis-
criminately. Within six miles of Union City there ;
was a confederate camp of instruction, with from
three to six and eight thousand men. The business
of the firm continued about twelve months, the last
transaction of any importance having taken place in
the month of July, 1862. Much of the supplies went
direct to Paducah, passed over the Mobile road and
went to Fulton station, where tho agent managed
their shipment South. On one occasion an agent of
the confederate government, whose business it was
to hunt up supplies, came to our store, six miles from J
Union City, and said that something was tho matter j
with the railroad, that their supplieswere short, and
that ho must have some bacon. I let him have three
casks, and he paid tho noiountin confederate money,
the first I ever saw. My brother, who is now dead,
told me ho sent largo quantities by way of Danville,
on the Tennessoe river, and thence by rail. I have
a knowledge, also, of selling to private citizens three
casks more of bacon. The money received was sent
to the firm at Paducah of Flournoy, Trimble & Co.
I "Question. State what you know about materials
for cavalry equipments, iVc.
" Answer. 1 went in, in conjunction, as I under-
stood, with Mr. Trimble, and with ono D. E. Daven-
port, E. R. Ilart, D. Y. Craig, and Parson llart, to
ship South gray cloth, boots and shoes, buckles,
bridle bits, buttons, and cavalry equipments gener-
ally, and a lot of coffee. The coffee (seven sacks) I
got myself at Trimble's store. This was during the
months of December, 1861, and January, February.
March, April, and May, 1862. All these shipments
I had charge of. My brother and others purchased
them East, and Mr. Craig and Parson Hart took
them South. The last shipment that I am positivo
about that firm having any connection with was
made some time in August, 1802. it was a shipment
up the Tennessee river of eighty barrels of whisky.
It was seized and finally confiscated^ General Grant
released the boat but kept the whisky. Whero it
came from I cannot say. It had the Orange Valley
brand, and my brother told me it was some of that
Flournoy & Trimble 1 ot of whisky. After my return
North in October, 1881,1 could not find much to do.
i Times were dull. My brother was a sort of Govern-
ment agent, having charge of tho secret-service
business. I concluded I might as well mako a little
extra by smuggling and 1 went into that business,
as I have said. I asked my brother where he got
' the means to carry on the business, and he said he
, got them from Mr. Trimble; that he vpis a partner
in the thing. I had the entire management of get-
i ting goods across the river and delivering them to
i the parties on the other side. Mr. Trimble was
president of the New Orleans and Ohio railroad, and
never interposed any obstacles to shipments, but
I rather facilitated them. My brother, D. W. Elli-
thorp, told me on my return North m October, lbbl,
that the operation was very successful, but that the
i settlement had been deferred till some additional
i returns should be received from the South. I called
on Mr Flournoy for a settlement after tho thing
passed entirely into my hands by the death of my
brother, and he put me off till Mr. Given should
return. Given put me off by saying that Mr. Trim-
ble had received some of the returns, and finally
it was suggested that nothing could be done until
we all got together, which wo have never done. All
the books and papers were burned in a fire except a
few papers that were in the bank. Trimble never
denied it, but always said there were so many parties
in the thing and that he must see these parties.
Some time in the summer of 1861 Trimble came into
the store in Tennessee. I talked with him about
business in general, and asked bim how he had suc-
ceeded South. I did not allude to any particular
transaction, but to the general business. He replied
that everything was all right and that all tne
money which was due there, or to become due, would
be paid. That was in June or July, 1801. Tho
goods that went to Cairo were shipped to Columbus
by rail, and the goods that went by the Mobile road
were shipped South. How far Mr. Trimble was con-
nected with tho smuggiiiig of cavalry equipments,
&c., I cannot say."
Further on I find this question put to the
witness, and this answer to it:
"Question. So far as you know, what was the pur-
pose of selling those goods—to supply the confed-
erates or to make money?
"Aimcer. To make money, so far as I know. That
was my object."
I turn now to the testimony of Mr. John T.
Bolinger. He says:
" I live in Mayfield, Kentucky. Some time in the
summer of 1861 I was at Louisville, and met Mr,
Trimble at the Gait House. We traveled together
from here to Cincinnati, and took rooms together at
the Spcnoer House. During the day I met Mr. Dave
Ellithorp in the city. He was a great man to talk
and blow around. He commenced telling me that
ho was therefor the purpose of buying halt a million
dollars' worth of groceries, flour, bacon, &c. I asked
him what he wasgoingto do with so much stuff, and
ho said it was to be sent down South, to Tennessee.
I walked along with him till he came to the office of
Foot, Nash k Co.: wo went in, and ho presented a
letter of credit. He was shown into the back office,
and I returned to tho hotel. I there told Mr. Trim-
ble all about tho transaction, and said it was a vil-
lainous thing; that Ellithorp was aUnion man,with-
out means, insolvent, as I always regarded him, and
tuat some rebels in Paducah were certainly furnish-
ing him with money for this purpose. Mr. Trimble
was lying on the bed and did not say anything.
Finally I told him I was going around to the sur-
veyor's office to report the facts. Mr. Trimble then
talked a little, and finally, when ho saw that I was
about to go ho called me back and said, ' Do not say
anything about that matter; I am engaged in that
transaction myself, and I would rather you would
not sav anything about it.' There the matter rested,
and I did not say anything about it. I returned home
by the way of Cairo, and after reaching home I heard
a good deal said about the large amount of stuff going
through on the ears."
I read next from the evidence of Mr. T. A.
Duke:
"Question. State whether or not you know about
a steamboat load of goods going up the Tennessee
river in the summer of 1861, and who owned the goods;
and if it was after the Treasury regulations and mil-
itary orders prevented goods lrom going to Tennes-
see.
"Answer. In the summer of 1861, and after trade
regulations were established, a cargo of goods came
! to the landing at Paducah, nearly all of which cargo
was marked F. T. <te Co. Trimble told me he was
partner in the firm, and that the firm was Flournoy,
Trimble k Co. The most of the goods went up the
Tennessee river, some of which was not put off here.
" Question. Did Flournoy also tell you that he was
a parmer in the concern called F. T. & Co., and do
you know who were the other partners ?
"Answer. My understanding at the time was that
S. M. Flournoy and Watts, Given & Co. composed
the rest of the firm."
Now, what I wish to ask the gentleman from
I Michigan is whether this testimony is in any
way contravened? Whether there is any evi-
dence showing that this witness, Mr. Bolinger,
who spoke of the conversation in Cincinnati,
was.not speaking the truth? He testified fur-
ther, in reply to a question propounded to him,
as follows:
" Question. Did you infer from your conversation
with Mr. Trimble in Cincinnati that his purpose was
' to furnish the confederates or to make money for
! himself—was it a question of speculation or a mere
question of supplying the confederates?
"Answer. It was a question of making money.'
Mr. UPSON. If the gentleman wishes me
to answer that inquiry while he is on the floor
I can very readily do so.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is exactly what I
want.
Mr. UPSON. Every material statement in
the deposition to which the_ gentleman refers
was contradicted by the evidence introduced
on the part of the defense, and the evidence
taken before the committee. The gentleman
has also referred to the testimony of Mr. Duke;
if he will read on still further he will find that
by his own evidence Duke does not know any-
thing about the matter. He will also find by
reference to the testimony of Mr. Ellithorp
taken in the absence of Mr. Trimble, that Elli-
thorp gives as his reason for making this state-
ment that he wants to force Mr. Trimble
to a settlement of his brother's estate. All
these statements Imve reference to the trans-
actions of L. S. Trimble & Co. on that railroad.
The evidence shows that the firm of Flournoy,
Trimble k Co. had nothing to do with the other
