2858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
.v
to the lands of the Cherokee and Great and
Little Osage Indians.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 331) to extend the
time for completing the military road author-
ized by an act entitled "An act granting lands
to the States of Michigan and Wisconsin to aid
in the construction of a military road from Fort
Wilkins, Copper Harbor, Keweenaw county, in
the State of Michigan, to Fort Howard, Green
Bay, in the State of Wisconsin."
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills of the
Senate, with amendments, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 188) to amend an act entitled
"An act for the relief of the inhabitants of the
cities and towns upon the public lauds," ap-
proved March 2, 1867; and
A bill (S. No. 190) to further provide for
giving effect to the various grants of public
land to the State of Nevada.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No. 278) to
supply books and public documents to the
national asylums for disabled volunteer sol-
diers, and it was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore.
representation of "southern states.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the bill
(H. ft. No. 1058) to admit the States of North
Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia,
and Alabama to representation in Congress.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read through.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps I can save time
by briefly stating to the Senate what the changes
made in the House bill are. The bill as it
came from the House of Representatives pro-
vides for the admission of the States of North
Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia,
and Alabama to representation in Congress.
The committee have amended the bill so far
as to strike out Alabama, and, as the bill is
printed, to insert Florida, but a majority of
the committee do not agree to the insertion of
Florida ; and that is a mistake. Florida should
not be in the bill as the report of the commit-
tee, although, as one member of the commit-
tee, I was in favor of inserting Florida. A
majority of the committee, however, are op-
posed to it, and, although printed in that form,
Florida is not inserted by the majority of the
committee. It arose out of a misunderstand-
ing as to how the majority of the committee
stood, the committee not being full at the time
the vote was taken and Florida inserted.
Alabama is stricken out for reasons which
are known probably to the whole Senate. The
election on the ratification of the constitution
in the State of Alabama took place while the
law required that a majority of all the regis-
tered voters should vote on the question of
ratification. There are in the State of Ala-
bama, as appears by the official report of Gen-
eral Meade, 170,631 registered voters. On the
question of the ratification of the constitution,
as also appears by ah official report, there were
cast 70,812 votes. One half of the registered
voters would have been 85,315. Only 70,812
votes were east on both sides at the election
held for the ratification of the constitution in
the State of Alabama. It is known that the
vote was almost entirely upon one side. Only
1005 were cast against the constitution in the
State of Alabama, the opponents of the con-
stitution not going to the polls as a general
thing. For that reason, the Committee on the
Judiciary, the constitution not having been
ratified in accordance with the law at the time
the vote was taken, have stricken out Alabama.
The other States, the States of North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Louisiana, and Georgia
voted after the passage of a law by Congress
requiring only a majority of the votes cast to
ratify the constitution, and in those States, as
appears by a report which I have before me
from the general of the Army, based upon
returns made by the generals in command of
the military districts embracing those States,
it appears that in the State of North Carolina
92,590 votes were cast for the constitution and
71,820 against it, leaving a majority of some
20,000 and Hpward in favor of the constitution.
In South Carolina the vote for the constitution
was 70,758, against the constitution 27,288,
leaving a majority of 43,000 votes and upward
for the constitution. In Georgia the vote for
the constitution was 89,007, against it 71,309,
leaving a majority of over 17,000 in favor of
the constitution. In Louisiana the vote for the
constitution was 66,152. and against it 48,739,
leaving a majority of 17,000 and upward in its
favor.
Those are the only four States that remain
in the bill according to the report of the Judi-
ciary/Committee. I will state, however, in
regard to Florida, what the evidence is of the
ratification of the constitution in that State.
While the bill was pending before the Judi-
ciary Committee I addressed a note to the Gen-
eral of the Army asking for any official inform-
'ation in his possession in regard to the ratifi-
cation of the constitution in Florida, and
received this answer :
11k ad quarters Akmy of the united states,
Washington. D. C., June 3,1868.
Sir: Since my note of yesterday to yoti, I have
received a telegram from General Meade, of which
the accompanying is a copy, reporting the result of
the Florida elections, and I send it to you in-full
answer to your inquiry.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
u. s. grant, General.
Hon. lyman trumbull, United States Senator, Chair-
man Committee on Judiciary.
[Telegram received in cipher 2.40 p. m.]
Washington, June 2,13G3.
(From Atlanta, Georgia.)
To General U. S. grant,
Commanding Armies of the United States :
Official returns of the Florida elections, this day
received, show for the constitution 14,511 votes ; ma-
jority tor tho constitution 5,050 votes. In the office
of Governor. Harrison Reed received 14.421 votes;
George W. Scott received 7,731 votes; and Samuel
"Walker receiv ed 2,257 votes.
GEORGE G. MEADE,
Major General Commanding.
IIeadqcakteks Army United States.
Official copy:
GEORGE K. LEET,
Assistant Adjutant General.
representation of arkansas.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had non-concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R, No. 1039)
to admit the State of Arkansas to representa-
tion in Congress, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Tiiaddeus Stevens of
Pennsylvania, Mr. F. C. Beamax of Michigan,
aud Mr. James Brooks of New York, man-
agers at the same on its part.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before proceeding fur-
ther with the bill under consideration, I ask
the unanimous conscnt of the Senate to take
up the message from the House of Represent-
atives disagreeing to the Senate amendment to
the bill recognizing the State government in
Arkansas, that we may have a committee of
conference appointed. The House disagree to
our amendment and ask for a committee of
conference. I move that the Senate insist on
its amendment and agree to the conference.
The motion was agreed to: and the President
pro tempore appointed Messrs. Trumbull,
Drake, and Wilson the conferees on the part
of the Senate.
representation op southern states.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. House bill
No. 1058 is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When interrupted, Mr.
President, I had read a letter from General
Meade stating the vote in Florida. The papers
to which I have referred furnish the evidence
of the ratification of the various constitutions.
I will now state the amendments made by the
Senate committed to the House hill. The
House bill contains a provision declaring that
the constitutions of the several States named
" shall never be amended or changed so as to
discriminate in favor of or against any citizen or#
class of citizens of the United States in their
right to vote, who are now entitled to vote by
said coastitutions, respectively, except as a
punishment for such crimes as are now felonies
at common law, whereof they shall have been
duly convicted ; and no person shall ever be
held to service or labor as a punishment for
critne ki said States except by public officers
chaSM® with the custody of convicts by the
laws thereof; and that so much of the seven-
teenth section of the fifth article of the consti-
tution of the State of Georgia as gives author-
ity to Legislatures or courts to repudiate debts
contracted prior to the Istday of J une, 1865, and
similar provisions in all other of the constitu-
tions mentioned in this bill, shall be null and
void as against all men who were loyal during
the whole time of the rebellion, and who dur-
ing that time supported the Union, and they
shall have the same rights in the courts and
elsewhere as if no rebellion had ever existed."
The first part of this fundamental condition
is similar to the one which passed the House
of Representatives in the Arkansas bill and
which the Senate struck out and substituted
for it an amendment offered by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Drake,] and the commit-
tee have recommended the striking out of this
fundamental condition and inserting the words
contained in the amendment which was adopted
by the Senate to the Arkansas bill with the
exception of the words '' or any other rights.''
Those words which were in that amendment
offered by the Senator from Missouri are omitted
by the Judiciary Committee in reporting this
bill, it being thought that there was no necessity
for their insertion, and that it might lead to a
misunderstanding as to what their true purport
was. The citizens of these States are protected
in all their civil rights independent of this bill;
and it might lead to misconstruction or misap-
prehension as to what the words "any other
right" meant. It mightbe construed by some
persons as applying possibly to social rights,
or rights in schools, which the Senator from
Missouri did not intend ; and as the committee
thoughtthere was no importance in these words,
they are left out of the amendment.
The committee also changed the latter part
of the fundamental condition inserted by the
House of Representatives, which declares null
and void the clause in the constitution of the
State of"iGeorgia which repudiates all debts
contracted prior to 1805, so far as loyal persons
are concerned. It will be observed that the
House bill repudiated the constitutional pro-
vision only in reference to loyal persons. Tho
Committee on the Judiciary went further and
also provided for striking out another provision
in the constitution of Georgia besides the one
relating to debts. I will read the provisions
which are stricken out by the Senate amend-
ment. One is the first sub-division of the
seventeenth section of the fifth article, which
reads as follows:
"No court in this State shall have jurisdiction to
try or determine anysuit agamst any resident of this
Statoupon any contract os agreement made or im-
plied, or upon any contract made in renewal of any
debt existing prior to the 1st day of June. 1865; nor
shall any court or ministerial officer of this State
have authority to enforce any judgment, execution,
or decree rendered or issued upon any contract or
agreement made or implied, or upon any contract in
renewal of a debt existing prior to the 1st day of
Jung, 1865, except in the following oases."
men follow certain exceptions in regard to
taSst debts and debts due charitable mstitu-
rons, debts due mechanics, and then follows
a proviso:
"Provided. That no court or officer shall have,
nor shall the General Assembly give jurisdiction or
authority to try or give judgment on or enforce any
debt the consideration of which was a slave or
slaves or the hire thereof.''
The Committee on the Judiciary recommend
an amendment which declares null and void all
