3882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
any difficulty he fears I will yield to have it
offered.
Mr. MULLINS. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. WINDOM. I yield to the gentleman
for two minutes.
Mr. MULLINS. The point now under con-
sideration is to dispose of this money to the
parties having interest in it. I sat down to
draw up an amendment which I think will
obviate all objection. It is that there should
be appointed an agent who should take this
fund iuto his own hands and notify these par-
ties in the Indian country to come up within
a given time and each reccive the sum he is
entitled to. If it is all paid out in that way,
well and good. Whatever remains let it go
back into the Treasury. Let this agent be
appointed by the President and confirmed by
the Senate. That will relieve it of every diffi-
culty. It is suggested by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lawkexce] this attorney gets forty
or fifty per cent. 1 do not know what he gets.
1 do not suppose he works for nothing. It is
legitimate that he should have pay for liis
services.
Mr. WINDOH. I have no doubt he is paid.
Mr. MULLINS. I do not know of any com-
binations to defeat these worthy parties. It
has been carried on for two dreadful, bloody
years. My amendment will make the thing
all right.
Mr. WINDOM. I wish to add a word, and
then 1 have nothing further to say unless other
gentlemen wish to be heard. Mr. Speaker,
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Shanks]
proposes an amendment to increase the amount
to be paid to these Indians $2<54,000, the
amount stipulated to be paid under this com-
promise being §150,000. It seems to me the
gentleman must modify his amendment in some
way to make it consistent with the bill. The
bili provides for carrying out certain agree-
ments and compromises entered into between
these Indians. 'That fixes the sum of $150,000.
lie proposes S2J4,000, which is inconsistent
with that compromise, i said yesterday I had
no objection to the amount he fixes if it were
practicable. The treaty provides the award
shall not be paid until it is ratified by the Sec-
retary of the Interior. Until that is done we
have no power to make an appropriation, but,
sir, I believe we have the right to ratify any
agreement between the parties themselves. If
you pass the bill as reported by the committee
these Indians who have been in a suffering
condition will get this money, at least a large
portion of it. Jf the amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana prevails they will get no
money, but will have to wait for years longer
and until they wiit be compelled to sell out to
speculators. I yield to the gentleman from
Indiana five minutes.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, the claim, as
allowed by the commissioners, against the
Chickasaws was $234,000. 1 am now simply
asking that this House authorize the Secretary
of the Interior to_ settle with these men at the
exact amount which the commissioners made
the award. These agents or attorneys have
proposed to reduce that to $150,000, striking
out $84,000 of the award made by the com-
missioners to the loyal Indians. I am now
asking that the amount be raised to the amount
of the award. I am not asking the interest to
be added either in case of the Choctaws or the
Chickasaws. But the chairman of the com-
mittee says these tribes have made this com-
promise. I insist that it has been made by
ygents in the city of Washington who have not
seen the Indians since the proposition was made
by the Secretary of the Interior to these agents,
'j he contract to reduce these claims has been
made here in Washington, and not by the au-
thority of the parties in interest. They have
their treaty, and under the treaty a commis-
sion was appointed, with power to examine
witnesses, and both the Choctaws and Chick-
asaws have been heard in that examination.
1 call attention to a remark made by tb«
chairman of the committee on this subject on
yesterday. He said these parties had no attor-
ney before the commission that examined
these claims. This was an error. The Choc-
taws had three attorneys and the Chickasaws
one. That will be found on the record. They
cross-examined the witnesses. The case was
heard before the commissioners, and was re-
ported under oath. Now, I insist that the
allowance that was awarded shall be made.
The gentleman said I volunteered my defense
of these loyal men. If I have, I hope I shall
have at least the credit of being in earnest in
what I say. But if I have volunteered, it is
only as a Representative standing here that I
speak for these men who have no person to
speak for them, and whose agents have decided
to take §84,000 out ot their pockets without
consulting them about it. Against this I pro-
test, and against this I speak. The agent has
no authority to act in this case. We have no
evidence to-day to show that these men are
satisfied with that proposition. They know
nothing about it, and will only know it when
the action of this House is reported to them.
This money does not come out of the Treas-
ury of the United States. It is to be paid by
those who wronged these men, and I insist that
the entire amount should be paid. When the
question goes back to the Secretary of the
Interior for his decision, if he insists upon not
only overruling the commissioners and the
sworn proof, but the action of Congress, and
still persists in deciding that the amount shall
be reduced, then we will have another hearing
of the case. For the present let the House
decide that these loyal men shall have their
full payaccording to the award and according to
the testimony in the case and 1 will be satisfied.
Mr. WINDOM. 1 yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. MUN(xEN. 1 have only a word or two
to say on this question. As 1 got back this
morning I learned that the matter had been
compromised by the reduction of §84,000, and
that the Indians are willing to pay the balance.
I hold that if the matter goes through as agreed
upon it will save to the Indians £>84,000. As
to the question of loyalty, 1 would not give a
snap of my finger for it. A big man, called
llopothoyouliolo, or some other "big Indian"
name, went there, and, claimingtobe aprophet,
he frightened them by telling them that they
would be overrun by the troops of the North,
which made them leave the country. Chepika,
his brother-in-law, believing in his power as a
prophet, induced a band of which he was chief
to accompany the other big Indian and his
band. It was not a question of loyalty or dis-
loyalty by any means. They were not forced
away at all; they went away of their own free
will. They concluded they would go to Kan-
sas, and on tlicir way some of them were
frozen to death, and many of them suffered
great hardships. The object seems to be to
punish these Inc.ians who had nothing to do
with putting them out of the country, and to
give a bonus to the men who went away of
their own free will. I am opposed to this
whole thing; but inasmuch as the matter has
been settled by the parties themselves, accord-
ing to the best information I can get, 1 shall
support this compromise, and save to these
Indians $84,000. Perhaps it will keep it from
going into the hands of somebody else than
the Indians who are claiming it. I do not
like this thing; I think it is all wrong ; but the
thing has been adjudicated, and 1 do not think
it will work much harm if we pass the bill as
reported, without the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Shanks.] I am
opposed to the amendment, because 1 think it
is nothing but a proposition to give $84,000 to
some one who is no more entitled to it than
I am.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Windom] allow me to offer an
amendment to this bill?
Mr. WINDOM. I will hear it read.
The SPEAKUll. It will require unanimous
consent to offer an amendment to the bill now,
as the previous question is operating.
Mr. WINDOM. I had forgotten that.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let it be read for inform-
ation.
The amendment was read, to add to the bill
the following:
And provided further. That no payment shall be
made nor bond delivered under the provisions of this
act, except in every case to the person actually enti-
tled in his own right to receive the same; nor shall
any contract or power of attorney relating to the
same be regarded or held as of any validity unless
signed and executed after the passage of this act.
Mr. WINDOM. I certainly would have no
objection to that amendment if it did not
require every one of these Indians to make a
trip to Washington, or the Secretary of the
Interior to make a trip to the Indian country.
Mr. SCHENCK. It will not require that.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not see how else it
can be done.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The regulations of the
Department at present are such that you can-
not go to an Indian, pay him a certain sum
for his claim, take his receipt for the full
amount of the claim, and then go to an Indian
agent and get the money for it. The regula-
tions require that the money shall be paid by
the Indian agent directly to the Indian entitled
to it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope this amendment
will be added to the bill by unanimous con-
sent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood
the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Windom]
to object.
Mr. WINDOM. I will not object to the
amendment if no one else objects.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object to the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered,
so that I may have an opportunity to offer the
amendment I have indicated.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move the amend-
ment which has been read.
Mr. MUNGEN. I withdraw my objection
to the amendment; I did not understand the
full effect of it.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
regarded as pending.
Mr. WINDOM. I now call the previous
question upon the bill and amendments.
Mr. MULLINS. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few minutes ?
Mr. WINDOM. I cannot yield further.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Siianks, to strike out " $150,000" and
insert "$234,000;" so that thatportion of the
bill would read:
And to th e Chickasaw claimants the sum of $234,000.
The amendment was not agreed to ; upon a
division there being—ayes twelve, noes not
counted.
The next question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Sciienx'k, to add to the bill the fol-
lowing:
And provided further, That no payment shall ho
made, nor bond delivered, under the provisions of
this act, except in every ease to the person actually
entitled in his own right to receive the same; nor
shall any contract or power of attorney relating to
the same bo regarded or held as of any validity unless
signed and accepted after the passage of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reduction of tub army.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs a bill (H. R. No. 1877) to reduce and fix
the military peace establishment; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted.
