1834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
not be deprived of the amount of property
allowed by that, law to an insolvent; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask leave to present
a memorial, numerously signed by respectable
citizens of Detroit. Michigan, praying for the
abolition of the office of the President of the
United States. I will state that, while i con-
sider it my duty to present the petition, I do
not sympathize with the prayer of the peti-
tioners. I move its reference to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of cit-
izens of Ohio, praying a change in the mode
of appointments and removals of officers se-
lected to execute the laws for the collection or
disbursement of moneys ; which was referred
to the Committee ou the Judiciary.
lie also presented a memorial adopted by the
national convention of manufacturers at Cleve-
land, Ohio, December 18, 1867, praying for a
change in the system of internal revenue taxes ;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. POMBROy. I present the petition of
Samuel M. Pago, of Richmond, Virginia, ask-
ing that all disabilities may be removed from
him, to enable him to vote and hold office in
the State of Virginia. Ho sets out that ho is
desirous, and is now engaged, in aiding the re-
construction of that State and cooperating with
loyal and earnest men in the State in its reor-
ganization under the laws of Congress. This
memorial is signed by the president of Lhe con-
vention, by the secretary, and almost all the
members, both white and colored. As I know
this gentleman myself, I hope the prayer of the
petition will be granted, and I move that it be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW presented a memorial
of journeymen cigar-makers and manufacturers
of cigars, protesting against the passage of the
bill which requires a stamp to be affixed to each
cigar, and praying the imposition of a tax of
five dollars per thousand on domestic cigars,
and that the duty on imported cigars may re-
main unchanged ; which, was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of paper ma-
kers in Berks county, Pennsylvania, protesting
against the passage of a bill creating an inter-
national copyright; which was referred to the
Committee on the Library.
Mr. MORTON presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Indiana, protesting against any change
in the present national banking system; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of journey-
men cigar-makers and manufacturers of cigars
of the tenth congressional district of Indiana,
protesting against the passage of the billrequir-
  mg the affixing of a stamp on each cigar, and
praying the imposition of a tax of five dollars
per thousand on domestic cigars, and that the
duty on imported cigars may remain un-
changed ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a memorial of
the Board of Trade of Chicago, Illinois, praying
a grant of lands to aid in building a ship-canal
from Sturgeon Bay to Lake Michigan ; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of Job
Mayzeck, of South Carolina, for pay tor com-
missary stores used by the United States Army ;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
governor of idaho.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have received a letter
from the First Comptroller of the Treasury,
which induces me to say that no blame attaches
to that officer for withholding the salary of Gov-
ernor Ballard, a remark which I ought to have
made when I referred to the subject the other
day. I consider him a fair, capable, and hon-
est officer, but I reaffirm all that I said as to
the wrong and injustice to Governor Ballard
by thosfe who are responsible for his pretended
suspension from office.
presentation OS bills to president.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill regu-
lating the presentation of bills to the President
of the United States and their return.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I suggest that we have
not got through with reports from committees,
and I hope we shall be allowed to complete
them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object to mak-
ing reports, only I want to get the bill up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator 'from
Vermont.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to inform Sena-
tors that on account of the illness this morning
of the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,]
who desires to address the Senate on the bill
just taken up on my motion, I shall let it go
over until to-morrow, and I move that it be
postponed until to-morrow, that other Senators
may have an opportunity of bringing up other
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
postponed if there be no objection.
reports of committees.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
James D. Whelpley and Jacob J. Storer, re-
ported adversely thereon.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the memorial of the Legislative Assembly of
Colorado Territory, in favor of making the rates
of postage uniform throughout the country,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Jonathan Scobey, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James Walsh, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 238) granting a
pension to Carrie E. Burdett, reported it with-
out amendment, and submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Elizabeth Barker,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 434) for the relief of Elizabeth Barker,
widow of Alexander Barker, deceased. The
bill was read and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Pi-
nance, to whom was referred the petition of
the trustees of the Roosevelt Hospital, reported
a bill (S. No. 485) for the relief of the Roose-
velt Hospital; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
greatiiouse and kelly.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives to the bill (S. No. 108) for the relief of
Henry Greathouse and Samuel Kelly, reported
a recommendation that the Senate disagree to
the amendment of the House and ask for a
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two House.
The report was agreed to ; and the President
pro tempore being authorized to appoint the
conferees on the part of the Senate, Mr. Van
Winkle, Mr. Ramsey, and Mr. Conness were
appointed.
reduction of import duties.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Whereas the high rateof duties imposed by the act
of Congress of July 3,18St, upon goods and merchan-
dise imported into the United iStates, was predicated
upon and jubtified by the internal tax imposed by
law upon domestic manufactures: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Committee on Finance be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of propor-
tionally or otherwise adequately reducing the duty
on imports at the same time that the internal tax on
domestic manufacturesshallbe reduced or abolished.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to its present
consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It goes
over under the rule.
thomas crossley.
Mr. FERRY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, to
whom were referred the petition of Thomas
Crossley, and also a bill (S. No. 42G) for the
relief of Thomas Crossley, to report back the
bill with a recommendation that it pass ; and
I ask the consent of the Senate to consider it
at the present time. It will take but a moment,
I think.
Mr. GRIMES. What is it?
Mr. FERRY. A bill for the relief of
Thomas Crossley, allowing him to present his
application for a patent in the Patent Office,
the patent expiring next month, the applica-
tion not having been made in time, through a
clerical mistake.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill at this
time.
Mr. GRIMES. Does it authorize an exten-
sion of a patent?
Mr. FERRY. It simply allows him to make
his application to the Patent Office. *•
Mr. GRIMES. What is the article?
Mr. FERRY. It is a species of carpet.
There is no objection from any source, and if
the Senate will permit me to state what thg
case is I think there will be no objection to
the bill.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
It proposes to give Thomas Crossley leave
to make application to the Commissioner of
Patents'for the extension of the letters-patent
issued to him for improvements in machines
for printing woolen and other goods for the
term of fourteen years from the 5th day of
April, 1854, the letters-patent bearing date the
20th day of June in that year, in the same
manner as if the petition for the extension had
been filed at least ninety days before the ex-
piration of the patent, and it authorizes the
Commissioner to consider and determine the
application in the same manner as if it had
been filed ninety days before the expiration
of the patent.
Mr. FERRY. Thispatentwas issued on the
20th of June, 1854, and the patentee having li-
censed certain manufacturers to use it, the ori-
ginal patent was in the hands of the licenses. The
contract which remained in his hands described
it as being issued on the 20th of June, 1854.
Coming to Washington recently for the pur-
pose of entering his application for renewal,
he discovered that at the time of the issue it was
ante-dated so as to bear date April 5, 1854,
and therefore will expire on the 5th of next
month, April. He therefore had not ninety
days for the purpose of filing his application.
He asks now that he may be permitted to file
his application in the Patent Office as if the
time did not expire until it appears to do ac-
cording to the date of the issue of the patent.
Mr. GRIMES. Where does the patentee
reside ?
Mr. FERRY. In Bridgeport, Connecticut.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
revision op the rules.
Mr. ANTHONY. _ I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the report ef
the special committee for the revision of the
rules of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not like to appeal to
my friend. I had promised myself the pleas-
ure of studyiug those rules carefully before
they should be called up again. I have got
about half through them.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 do not wish to press
the report against the wish of any Senator.
