1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this first subdivision of the seventeenth section
of the fifth article, except the proviso applying
to debts contracted growing out of' the sale or
hire of slaves. The committee also have rec-
ommended to declare null and void the third
subdivision of this seventeenth section. The
third subdivision imposes a tax upon debts.
Perhaps it will be best understood if I read it:
"III. It shall be in the power of the General As-
sembly to assess and collect upon ail debts, judsj-
ments, or causes of action when due, founded on any
Si'Etract made or implied before the 1st day of June,
1865, m the hands of any one in his own right, or as
trustee, agent, or attorney of another, on or afterthe
1st day ol January, 1868, a tax of not exceeding
twenty-five per cent., to be paid by the creditor on
pain of the forfeiture of the debt, but chargeable hy
him as to one half thereof against the debtor and
collectable with the debt."
It will be observed that the Legislature is
authorized by this provision to impose a tax
of twenty-five per cent, on the amount of a
debt collected, and one half of that is to be
paid by the debtor. That is, the debtor is to
pay his whole debt and twelve and a half per
cent, beside; and the creditor is to pay twelve
and a half per cent, of the amount of the debt.
To that provision is appended this proviso:
" Provided, That this tax shall not be collected if
the debt or cause of action be abandoned or settled
without legal process, or if in judgment, be settled
without levy and sale: And provided further. That
this tax shall not be levied so long as tho courts of
this State shall not have jurisdiction of such debts
or causes of action."
The amendment reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary declares null and void both
of these provisions, and requires that the Legis-
lature of the State of Georgia shall, by solemn
public act, declare the assent of the State to
this fundamental condition. Thatis in accord-
ance with the requirementmadeuponthe State
of Missouri in 1821 when that State was admit-
ted into the Union.
There is a slight amendment also made in
the second section of the bill as it passed the
House. The House bill authorized the pres-
idents of the conventions which formed the
constitutions in those States to convene the
Legislatures in case the time fixed by the
constitutions themselves should have expired
before the passage of this act. The commit-
tee have recommended to amend that so as to
authorize the Governor-elect in each State to
convene the Legislature, and also so as to pro-
vide for a case where the time shall not have
arrived when the Legislature would be con-
vened according to the constitution, but has so
nearly arrived that there is no opportunity, in
the opinion of the Governor, to call the Legis-
lature together at the time prescribed. That
is merely an amendment to perfect the bill.
The amendment in the third section is only
to carry out the amendments that are made in
the other sections.
I believe I have stated substantially what
the changes recommended by the committee
are, and I have no further suggestion at this
time to make in regard to the matter.
Mr. WILSON. I suppose the question will
be on the amendment reported as a substitute
for the bill. I move to amend that amend-
ment in the fourth line of the first section by
adding after the word "Georgia" the word |
"Alabama;" so that it will read, "that each !
of the States of North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Flor-
ida shall be entitled," &c.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts to the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I rise, Mr. President, to
express the hope that we shall not exclude
Alabama from the benefits of admission with
these other States. It seems to me that if
there is any one of these States which ought
to be welcomed here it is the State of Alabama.
That State prepared its constitution earlier
than any other State. The vote was taken at
an unpropitious season of the year, at a time
when storms and floods swept the State. A
larger percentage of registered electors voted
for that constitution than for any one of the
constitutions of these States, with the excep-
tion of South Carolina; forty-four per cent, of
the voters of Alabama voted for the constitu-
tion ; in Georgia forty-three per cent, voted
for the constitution, and in Arkansas thirty-
eight per cent, voted for the constitution. In
Alabama there was a vote of seventy thousand
given for the constitution, and thirteen thou-
sand of the votes registered were in counties
where no votes at all were taken, including
one county where nearly three thousand votes
were taken and destroyed. I saw, when we
adopted the provision requiring a majority of
the registered voters to vote on the constitu-
tion, it would cause the failure of these States,
and if we had adhered to it in these six other
States only, 1 think we would have adopted
the constitution. If that law had not existed,
and the people had been summoned to vote
for and against the ratification of the constitu-
tion, I have not the shadow of a doubt that
the State of Alabama would have adopted her
constitution by from thirty to fifty thousand
majority.
1 do not think we ought to take advantage
of our own mistake, not to say blunder. No-
body is harmed by the admission of this State.
Admit the State with the others; let the State
government be organized; let the people be
protected; let the State begin a career of
peace and prosperity and advancement.
I do hope, sir, that the Senate will incor-
l^orate Alabama into this bill, and that she
will share the fate of her sisters. If the vote
had been taken in Alabama on the same prin-
ciple that it has been taken in these other
States, there would have been but very little
contest ia that State. With the exception of
South Carolina I have not a doubt that Ala-
bama is the strongest State, in proportion to
her vote, for the reconstruction policy of Con-
gress of any one of these States, and she failed
solely on account of that provision of the law
which we hastened to change as soon as we
realized its workings. The result has been that
these six other States have ratified their con-
stitutions, and yet this State of Alabama gave
a larger vote for the constitution than any other
State, with the exception of South Carolina.
Under these circumstances I think the Senate
ought to adopt this amendment. We ought to
agree with the House of Representatives to
admit this State at the earliest possible moment,
and to hasten the restoration of all these States.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the honorable Sena-
tor to allow me to make a suggestion in this
connection before he proceeds with his re-
marks.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather go on,
but I will hear the Senator.
Mr. DRAKE. I was going to make this
suggestion for the consideration of the Senator
from Ohio and tho Senate: as there is now a
committee of conference appointed on the part
of (he two Houses with regard to the main
point in all these bills, to wit, the fundamental
condition, might it not promote the early
termination of the whole subject to lay this
bill aside for the moment until that committee
can agree upon the fundamental condition, and
then we shall have got rid of the only ground
of contention between the two Houses? I
make the suggestion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question to which I
wish to address myself does not relate to the
fundamental condition, in which when imposed
on States being admitted into the Union I have
not much confidence—certainly not quite so
much as my friend from Missouri. The only
subject to which I wish to address myself is the
question of the admission of Alabama. I am
convinced that in Alabama the people are more
in a condition to maintain a State government
than they are in any other of the southern
States, without exception. The constitution
of Alabama, as presented to us, is very simi-
lar in form to the constitutions of the other
States. Their proceedings have been as regu-
lar, and perhaps more regular, than those of
any other State. They have complied with
every stipulation in the law except one, and
the question now is whether on account of
their inability to comply with that stipulation
they shall be excluded from restoration to the
Union. If that inability grew out of a want
of loyalty to the Government, or any cause
within their power of correction, I would hold
them to_ strict compliance with the law; but
the official papers-iiere on our table show that
they did all that it was possible for them to do
to comply with the law, that they were deterred
by physical causes totally beyond their power
to overcome, and that they did more and made
a greater effort to comply with the acts of
Congress than any State among the southern
States. All I wish to do now is to ask the
attention of the Senate to a few facts put before
us in official form to show what I here state;
and then, if in the face of these facts, the Sen-
ate will exclude the State of Alabama from
admission here, the same arguments should
prevail to exclude every one of the southern
States.
Under the first supplementary act to the
reconstruction act we required a majority of
all the registered votes to be cast on the ques-
tion of ratifying the State constitution. In
fraud of that provision of the law, the rebels
of the State of Alabama organized to defeat
the constitution by deterring people from vot-
ing on the adoption of the constitution. For
that we have the official statement of General
Meade, supported by the testimony of two hun-
dred witnesses, or about that number, laid on
our table. Tho total registration according!; o
the report of General Meade—I mean the first
registration, the only one which ought to be
counted—showed 166,685 voters. There was a
subsequent registration, which swelled the num-
ber to 170,000; but the first registration, that
which I take to be the legal one provided for
by the act, bore the names of 166,685 persons.
There were four counties in which it was im-
possible to vote, for reasons fully disclosed
here. I exclude those counties from the com-
putation, because in them there was no elec-
tion, no opportunity whatever to vote, and con-
sequently it would be very wrong to charge the
whole of the registered population of those
four counties as voting against the constitu-
tion, because the people there had no oppor-
tunity to vote for the reasons stated. That
reduces the registered vote to 153,000. Sev-
enty-one thousand eight hundred and seven-
teen persons voted, nearly all of them for the
constitution. They only lacked four or five
thousand of a majority of the whole registered
vote. How .is that accounted for'/ Why, sir,
in every one of the counties of Alabama bands
were organized for the purpose of deterring peo-
ple from voting. They discharged by whole-
sale freedmen because they showed a disposi-
tion to vote; they threatened them with vio-
lence, with loss of employment, with injury,
with all kinds of cruelty.
Unfortunately, as it so happens sometimes,
nature came to the relief and to the aid of
these rebels by storms and by the rising of the
rivers, which prevented parties from getting to
the polls. According to the testimony laid
upon our tables hundreds of voters on the way
to the voting polls were prevented from voting
by the rise of the rivers and by other natural
obstructions and causes. I say that no effort
was made in any State so persistently to com-
ply with the acts of Congress, as in the State
of Alabama; and for us to enforce against
them a rule harsh in the beginning, wrong in
the inception, which was seized upon by the
rebel element to defeat the will of the loyal
people there, it seems to me would be highly
improper. If you applied the same rule to the
reconstruction in all the other States you would
exclude four of these States. In four of the
States you propose now to admit there was not
a majority of the registered vote east for the con-
stitution. They voted after the law changing the
requirement in that respect was passed ; but will
you enforce that provision of the law against
these people who did all they could to get in?
I think it would be unjust and wrong, and 1
approve of every word contained in the report
