1836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
Ohio that if we pass this bill it will open the
revenue to the perpetration of frauds. How?
One member says that the alcohol may be car-
ried to the neighboring provinces and smug-
gled back. The answer to that is twofold. In
the first place, they make whisky there cheaper
than we do. In the next place, the time al-
lowed is not such as will enable them to ship
and smuggle back; so that in point of fact
there is no danger of smuggling.
The other objection is that the whisky itself
will not be exported. The honorable mem-
ber from Ohio says that it has been a common
thing with those engaged in this trade, to empty
the barrels of whisky before the barrels them-
selves leave the warehouse and to fill them with
water or some other material than whisky, so
as to sell the whisky here. Now, we are told
by the collector of Boston, who may be relied
Upon, I am sure, implicitly from his character
and his intelligence, that no such fraud as that
can be perpetrated there; and unless the col-
lectors of the ports are themselves parties to
the fraud how can such frauds be perpetrated
at any of the custom-houses, especially as now
that they have discovered that these frauds
have in the past been committed they will be,
of course, on the look-out, and they will not
suffer the material to leave the bonded ware-
house without being certain that it has not
been tampered with.
It seems to me, therefore, while it is per-
fectly just, and I was about to say but honest,
to leave the merchant to enjoy the benefit of
contracts and business which he had a right to
enter into, there is nothing in the particular
circumstances of the case which should per-
suade Congress not to be honest in this par-
ticular.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inqnire
of the Senator from Maryland why the persons
who are about to export this liquorcannot pay
the tax before they export it?
Mr. JOHNSON. That is contrary to pol-
icy. It would break up the trade.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from New
York [Mr. Conrling] suggests a question
which 1 should like to have put to my friend
from Maryland. If they can get the liquor
cheaper in the provinces, why do they not go
and get it there and fulfill their contracts?
Mr. WILLIAMS. lam one of the mem-
bers of the Finance Committee who were not
satisfied that this bill ought to pass in its pres-
ent shape ; and I believe tbat it will open the
door to great abuses and fraud. We passed
an act that after the 7th of January, .1868, or
after the time that act took effect, "no dis-
tilled spirits in bond shall be withdrawn or
removed from any warehouse for the purpose
of transportation, redistillation, rectification,
change of package, exportation, or for any
other purpose whatever, until the full tax on
sucli spirits shall have been paid to the col-
lector of the proper district."
Now, this bill proposes, with the amend-
ment, that within sixty days all whisky on
hand which at the date of the act to which I
have just referred was prepared and intended
for export, or actually contracted for to be de-
livered for exportation, shall be exempt from
the operation of the act which we passed in
January. It does not exempt whisky that is
exclusively contracted for, but it exempts all
whisky that was intended for exportation, so
that the question under this bill will be as to
whether a certain quantity of whisky at the
time the act passed in January was intended
for exportation. It simply depends upon the
intent of the person who has possession of the
whisky. It seems to me it will be very easy
for all persons who have whisky in their pos-
session which they desire to dispose of, and
were not able to do so under the act of Janu-
ary without paying the tax, to show or claim
that they had an intent to export this liquor
and thus relieve it from the operation of that
act. I think under that particular provision of
the bill the whole act which we passed in Janu-
ary may be practically defeated, because it will
be very easy, it seems to me, for a man to call
upon persons to prove that he had some intent
at a given date. He can tell persons around
him that he bad that intent, and those persons
will be inclined to believe it if it is for their
interest to believe it.
We know that great frauds have been perpe-
trated upon the revenue in the manufacture
and pretended exportation of whisky; frauds
such as have been described by other Senators ;
and the object of the act of January last was
to prevent such frauds, and now after this act
has been found practically to result as we in-
tended and expected it would these persons
come in here and claim relief by another act
which practically abolishes the other for sixty
days ; and it is put upon the ground that there
are some individuals who have whisky which
they intend to export to Africa or to the Med-
iterranean. I submit that those persons can
make some arrangement without great preju-
dice to their rights by which they may pay the
tax before the exportation takes place, and if
that is done there will be no difficulty in the
way; and is it not better that those few persons
should suffer some little inconvenience than
that we should open this wide door to enable
all those persons who are engaged in defraud-
ing the revenue to avail themselves of the bene-
fits of this act ? I do not know that any pro-
vision can be made which will meet the par-
ticular ease without at the same time enabling
Other persons who are disposed to defraud the
revenue to avail themselves of the advantages
of the act, but in its present shape, as it appears
to me, it would be very dangerous to enact this
bill.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is regularly before the Sen-
ate.
PENSION BILLS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that in ac-
cordance with the order made on Friday last,
the Senate now proceed to the consideration
of the bills reported by the Committee on Pen-
sions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia moves that the un-
finished business and all prior orders be post-
poned for the purpose of proceeding with the
consideration of the pension bills in accordance
with the resolution passed for the purpose,
setting apart this day at one o'clock for the con-
sideration of those bills.
Mr. CONNESS. I rose to ask the Senator
from West Virginia to consent to admit first a
simple motion to recommit the bill that was
pending, by leave of the Senate, to the Com-
mittee on Finance for an additional reason to
what has been stated, which I can very briefly
state.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no object in re-
committing the bill. We had the matter fully
considered in committee.
Mr. CONNESS. I will not occupy time,
but I will say to the Senator that there is an
object, and if he had heard the object stated
he would not have made his statement; but I
withdraw the suggestion now. The Senator is
too confident on that point.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from West
Virginia.
The motion was agreed to.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS OF 1812.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the House
bill No. 603. It is a general act in reference
to the soldiers of 1812.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. 603) granting pensions to certain soldiers
and sailors of the war of 1812, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The first section is a direction to the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll the names of such of the surviving officers
and enlisted men, including militia and volun-
teers, of the military and naval service of the
United States who served consecutively for
three months in the war with Great Britain of
1812, and who were honorably discharged, and
who at no time during the late rebellion have
adhered to the cause of the enemies of the
Government, giving them aid and comfort, but
who were constantly and continually loyal to
the Government, and can truthfully take and
subscribe the oath contained in the act of July
2, 1862, and who are in circumstances which
render them dependent on others for support.
By the second section it is provided tbat this
act is not to apply to any person who is de-
pendent upon others for support in pursuance
of any contract for such support based upon
a valuable consideration, nor to any person
who is receiving a pension at the rate of eight
dollars per month, nor is it to be construed so
as to allow more than one pension to the same
person. Pensions under this act are to be at
the rate of eight dollars per month, and to be
paid to the persons entitled thereto at that rate
for the term of their natural lives.
It is intended t-0 enact by the third section
that before the name of any person shall be
placed on the pension-roll under this act,
proof shall be made, under such rules and reg-
ulations as the Secretary of the Interior may
prescribe, that the applicant is entitled to a
pension under its provisions. The loss of a
certificate of discharge is not to deprive the
applicant of the benefits of this act, but other
proof of services performed and of an honor-
able discharge, if satisfactory, are to be deemed
sufficient.
By the fourth section it is to be proved tbat
the pension therein allowed is not to be liable to
seizure, levy, attachment, or other process to
satisfy any debt, demand, promise, or other
liability, nor is any contract, bargain, or agree-
ment in relation thereto to be valid or binding
upon the pensioner, nor is the same to be paid
to any one having any claim upon such pen-
sioner or interest in the fund, but the same is I
to be paid to the pensioner in person or to a
disinterested agent or attorney thereof, author-
ized by a power executed subsequently to the
accruing of the sum to be received. When an
agent shall be employed to prepare the neces-
sary proofs and make the application he is to
be allowed for his entire service in and about
the prosecution of the claim the sum of ten
dollars and no more. And if any such person
shall, for bis services, or as a gratuity, or under
any pretext whatsoever, demand, accept, or
retain a greater sum than ten dollars, he is to
be guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction
is to refund the same, and be fined not exceed-
ing $1,000 and imprisoned not exceeding six
months.
The Committee on Pensions proposed to
amend the bill by inserting after "enlisted,"
in line five of section one, the words "and
drafted," so as to read "and enlisted, and
drafted men."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The committee agreed
to an amendment which was sent to the printer,
but I do not see it in the bill. It was to strike
out all of section one after " 1862," in line fif-
teen. I move now to strike out the conclud-
ing words of the first section which are " and
wbo are in circumstances which render thorn
dependent on others for support."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senate, whether
they are for or against this bill, will pay atten-
tion to it, because it is a bill of a great deal of
importance. It is important in one point as
an act of justice or generosity, or whatever it
is proper to style it, toward the surviving sol-
diers of the war of 1812. It is an act of im-
portance so far as it affects the tax-paying
people of this country, if we are going to have
any of that sort of people left, as to the amount
of money it is to take from the Treasury.
This particular amendment which is pro-
posed will have the effect to give to all the
soldiers of the war of 1812 who have not al-
ready pensions under the invalid pension laws
