452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
Mr. Anderson a pistol, and told him to shoot the first 11
rebel that interfered with him. Mr. Trimble left the '
court-house. His specehes raised a terrible feeling
anions the rebels. The country was soon filled witft
guerrillas, and the Union men all ran o£f."
Mr. DAWES. Well, now, will the gentle-
man be kind enough to look at the date of
that transaction and see whether it is not
about two years later than the transaction
covered by these allegations, and after Mr.
Lincoln's emancipation proclamation, in re-
gard to which Mr. Trimble, like many others
in Kentucky, differed with the President, and
I will add differed with me ?
Mr. MAYNARD. This is in the canvass
of 1803.
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir; and this.allega-
tion of disloyalty is founded upon transactions
in the summer of 1861, just after the war broke
out, and before the lines were well defined,
when traffic with the enemy was very much
more common and loose and indiscriminate
than afterward. Yet it is utterly impossible
to point to any testimony that fixes upon Mr.
Trimble a guilty knowledge of any transac-
tions of that kind.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will ask the gentleman
how he explains the following in the testimony
of Mr. Ellithorp, of whom he has spoken :
" Question. Is there a feeling of hostility on your
part toward Mr.Trimble?
"Answer. No, sir; X cannot say that there is. I
have been his friend, and I voted for him at the last i |
election; but I do not feel exactly right toward him. ij
I feel as though he did me wrong. Ido not feel that 1|
I would like to injure him, but to adopt all lawful i
means to force him to a settlement." ! 1
*** * * * **** |
"Answer. I went in, in conjunction, as I under-
stood, with Mr. Trimble and with one D. E. Daven-
port, E. R. Hart, D. Y. Craig, and Parson Hart, to
ship South gray cloth, boots, and shoes, buckles,
bridle bits, buttons, and cavalry equipments gene-
rally, and a lot of coffee. The coffee (seven sacks) I
got myself at Trimble's store. This was during the '
months of December, 1861, and January, February, '
March, April, and May, 1862." I,
Mr. DAWES. My friend from Tennessee 1
has been a practicing lawyer, and I want to
ask whether this is the first time he has known
a witness to come upon the stand with deadly
hostility toward the party about whom he is
swearing, yet denying, when the question was
asked him, that he had any hostility toward the
man. Now, let me read again the passage just
read by the gentleman:
" Question. Is there a feeling of hostility on your
part toward Mr. Trimble?
"Answer. No, sir; I cannot say that there is. I
have been his friend, and I voted for him at the last
election; but I do not feel exactly right toward him.
I feel as though he did me wrong. I do not feel that
I would like to injure him, but"—
This is a witness who had said that he would
make this charge against Mr. Trimble if he
did not pay this sum of money—
"to adopt all lawful means to force him to a settle-
ment."
This is the key-note of the whole story.
This is the circumstance which must determine
the weight to be attached to the evidence of
this man, who thinks it a "lawful means" of
forcing another man to a settlement to say to
his friends, " Go and tell this man that if he
does not pay me so much money I will make
this charge against him. I have some knowl-
edge the concealment of which is worth to him
just about that sum." Now, Mr. Speaker, I
think more of Mr. Trimble than I should have
done if he had not faced that man here before
this House. .
One word more and I will leave this case.
The law requiring this committee to examine
and determine in any case presenting the ques-
tion whether the claimant of a seat here has
been- guilty of disloyalty to such an extent as
to render him ineligible was enacted in Self-
defense. It was enacted in a time of war,
when we had to consider the contingency that
the control of the legislation of this Govern-
ment might, through the avenue of this House,
fall into the hands of the enemies of the coun-
try. That law was wisely enacted, and in my
judgment it should be faithfully and firmly
maintained. But, sir, I desire to propound an
interrogatory to every gentleman's conscience
and sense of duty. Is there any pressing neces-
sity, any such imperiled condition of the coun-
try at this hour as to require us to exclude from
a place in this House to which he has been
elected by a majority of the voters of his dis-
trict any man about whose loyalty at least we
cannot bring testimony which will remove all
doubt! Is there any danger of admitting to a
seat here upon this lioor a man who was duly
elected, and on the question of whose loyalty
no more serious proof can be brought than is
brought against this gentleman ?
Why should we not let him come in here?
What harm can he do? What harm is it pos-
sible for him to do? The district which he
comes here to- represent, Mr. Speaker, is en-
titled by constitutional guarantees to the elec-
tion of such person as it pleases, so long as it
shall send here a man aboutwhom it cannot be
proved to our satisfaction that he is disloyal,
1 submit to the members of the House whether
we are called upon to exclude him on any un-
certainty or upon any ground that it is in our
power to do so ? Shall we go throughout the
country and search with a lighted candle and
with an eagerness which maybe construed into a
desire to find out something against a man who
couies here backed by tl^e majority of his dis-
trict? Does it become us at the conclusion of
the rebellion, when danger from this source has
passed, to find if possible, and feel gratifica-
tion in finding, a man sent from Kentucky who
is not free from the stain of treason? For one
I do not feel like searching with anxiety, and
feeling disappointment if I fail, for testimony
which by possibility can be construed against
a party as treason while he is otherwise duly
elected as a member of this House. I shall
stand here as firm, I trust, as any member of this
House in defense of the law and in the exclu-
sion from a seat here of any person who comes
here about whom there shall be evidence which
satisfies my mind that he has given aid and
comfort to the enemies of the country. If
there be any doubt after the evidence has been
weighed I will give the benefit of that doubt to
every man who comes here with the majority
of the votes in his district, and I shall not vote
to exclude him unless I can put my finger upon
evidence which convinces me that he has given
aid and comfort to the enemy.
Mr. UPSON. 1 now demand the previous
question, and will then move to adjourn and
let the subject go over until to-morrow.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. UPSON. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER. To-morrow has been set
apart for debate, and this subject will go over
until Monday if the House now adjourns.
Mr. UPSON. I withdraw the motion, and
as it is late will omit the remarks I designed
to make and ask for the vote now.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the resolu-
tions reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr. KELSEY demanded a division.
The question first recurred on the following
resolution ; which was'adopted :
Resolved, That G. 6. Symes is not entitled to a seat
in this House as a Representative from the first con-
gressional district in Kentucky.
The question next recurred on the adoption
of the following resolution:
Resolved, That the oath of office be now adminis-
tered to Lawrence S. Trimble, and that he be ad-
mitted to a seat in this House as a Representative
frbm the firstcongressional district in Kentucky.
Mr. KELSEY demanded the yeas and nays,
and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRIMBLE then presented himself at
the Speaker's desk, and was duly qualified by
taking the oath prescribed by law.
TIIE REVENUE.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referFed to the Committee of Ways and Means:
llesohed, That in the present condition of the
financial interests of the country it is inexpedient to
withdraw trom the people by taxes, duties, imposts,
and excise any larger sum annually than that suffi-
cient to meet tho annual expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, including the intorest, but no part of the
principal of the public debt, and that the revenue
laws ought speedily to be adapted to the raising of so
much revenue and no more.
TIIE LOAN LAWS.
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the
Committee on Printing desires to make a state-
ment to the House.
Mr. LAFLIN. I wish merely to state that
the loan laws ordered to be printed at the last
session of Congress are now ready for distri-
bution, and can be found in the folding-room.
BOUNTY LAW.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No.
141) in reference to bounties to the widows
and children and parents of soldiers who have
died since July 28, 18CG; which was read a
first and second, time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
And then, on motion of Mr. ELDRIDGE,
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of James
F. Lambdin, to be restored as engineer in the
United States Navy.
By Mr. BENTON: A memorial of planters
in the seaboard district of South Carolina to
Congress for aid to supply the destitute with
food to prevent suffering and starvation until
the next crop can be realized.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: A memorial and
affidavit of Henry Tibby, of Ohio, for return
of commutation money paid on being drafted
in May, 1864.
Also, the memorials of George Sommer,
late colonel of the thirteenth regiment Ohio
volunteers, and William Gotlege, late colonel
of the fifteenth regiment, praying compensa-
tion for services rendered by their commands
during the Kirby Smith raid.
By Mr. FERRISS: The petition of Gardner
Pope and 200 others, citizens of the sixteenth
district New York, praying action to define the
status of naturalized citizens of the United
States.
By Mr. KELSEY: The petition of Mary A.
Ripley, for relief.
By Mr. LAFLIN; The petition of R. W.
Keene, of Carthage, Jefferson county, New
York, in favor of the passage of an act grant-
ing pensions to soldiers in cases not provided
for by law.
By Mr. MORRELL: The petition of 162 citi-
zens of the seventeenth congressional district
of Pennsylvania, praying for such legislation
as will define the status of naturalized citizens
and secure their rights in other countries.
By Mr. N UNN: The petition of Reuben
Daily, of Memphis, Tennessee, for compensa-
tion for services rendered.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of Amos
Witham, of Auburn, Maine, for pension.
By Mr. PRICE : The petition.of the super-
visors of Jackson county, Iowa, asking that
the Maquoketa river, in said county, be de-
clared not a navigable stream.
By Mr. SCHENCI^; The petition of John
Bann and 40 others, citizens of Springfield,
Ohio, praying that no change may be made
int he present national banking system.
Also, resolutions of the Board of Trade of
Albany, New York, relative to collection of
tax on whisky.
