33S
APFEN-DIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 9,
Sestaie.
Representation in Congress—Mr. Wiliey.
40th Gosg....'2d Suss."
authorities, both from English aiid American
law, to show that such had been the recognized
doctrine for hundreds of years past.
Mr. WILLEY. I understand the Senator,
then, to say that the State governments • to
which Mr. Johnson, in his proclamation which
I read of May 9, 1865, in which lie said—
■ "That all acts and proceedings of the political,
military, and civil organizations winch have been in-
a state of insurrection and rob ellion, within the State
of Virginia, against the authority and laws of the
United States, and 'of which Jefferson Davis, John
I/etcher, and William Smith were late the respective
chiefs, are declared null and void"—
I understand the Senator to say that those gov-
ernments are not null and void, bat that to-day
they are the State governments on the basis
of which Congress should recognize them, and
they are the governments on the basis of which
we sh-ould restore their practical relations to
the Government of the United States.
. -Mr. SAULSBURY. I do say that while
those State governments were in existence, in
so far as they were not repugnant to the Con-
stitution of the United States, they were valid
and subsisting governments : that they regu-
lated all the title to property and gave all the
security to life and to person ; that they were
valid subsisting de facto governments so far as
they Were not repugnant to the Constitution
of the United States.
Mr. WILLEY. Why, Mr. President, they
were set up from the beginning to the end as
utterly repugnant to the Constitution of the
United States, as in utter defiance of the Con-
stitution of the United States. They were set
up for the purpose of overthrowing the Con-
stitution of the United Slates ; and these men
referred jto by the President, who were at their
head, Jefferson Davis and Governor Smith,
whoift the logic of the Senator would recognize
as the legal, proper officers of the valid and
subsisting governments, were the men who had
sworn to support the governmental organiza-
tions set up to overthrow that of the. United
States. If that be the view of the Senator, I
leave him to entertain it, and to answer lo the
country for it. I shall not detain the Senate
by pausing to controvert a proposition so mon-
strous; a proposition which thousands upon
thousands of our fellow-citizens laid down
their lives on many a battle-lieid to denounce
and lo deny, it is nothing loss than a recog-
nition of the rebellion, and a setting up here
to-day, two or three years after the standard
of the rebellion has fallen, that that standard
wa&a legal standard and ought to be reeognized
by, the Senators of the United States herein
their places. Sir, the people of this country
will tolerate no such doctrine. It is abhorrent
to every,sentiment.of the loyal heart. The
blood of the Senator's own fellow-citizens,
shed in defense of the contrary doctrine, cries
this day from the ground against a proposition
so .monstrous and so abhorrent to the feelings
of every patriotic heart.
Bat,.sir, this is going aside from the line of
remark which I was following. • I only intended
to iuviU' the attention of Senators who deny
the authority to impose the conditions on which
the bill, under discussion proposes to admit
representatives from the States mentioned in
it, ajid- whfl, nevertheless, are the champions
and defenders of the State governments now
existing in said States, as organized by Mr.
Johnson, to some very prominent facts which
I think are worthy of their consideration. Let
us see how these States were reorganized by Mr.
Johnson. Now, let us see what Mr. Johnson
himself did about imposing fundamental con-
ditions. One of the objections to this bill is
that it undertakes to impose fundamental con-
ditions upon the States; that they shall not be
restored to representation except on certain
conditions prescribed in the act itself. Sir,
is it possible that Congress has no right to
impose conditions, and yet that the President,
who h&s no legislative power, and, as I think,
had no authority whatever in law to set up these
southern State governments, has the power to
impose fundamental conditions. Let us see
what .the President did in the premises. Here
is a dispatch to Mr. Johnson, provisional gov-
ernor of Georgia, dated Washington; .October
28, 1865, to which I ask the attention of
Senators .-
Ilis Excellency James Johnson,
Promsional Governor of Georgia .•
Your several telegrams have been received. The
President of the United States cannot recognize the
people of any State as having resumed the relations
of loyalty to the Union that admits as U'Ktil obliga-
tions contracted or debts created in their name to
promote the war of the rebellion.
WILLIAM II. SEWA11D.
Wasbinqtos. Octoha- 28, 18oo.
He imposed this condition. He did not call
it a fundamental condition, but the terms in
which he proposed it made it fundamental. It
is a condition without a compliance with which
he told them plainly the State could not eomo
back into practical relations with the Govern-
ment, and be restored again to its condition as
a State. But, sir, that was not all. In his
communication to Governor Marvin, under date
of September 12, 1865, he concluded his dis-
patch, as follows:
"It must, however, be distinctly understood that
the restoration to which this proclamation refers
will be subject to the decision of Congress.'*
He makes our approval a fundamental con-
dition. Then again, in a dispatch to Governor
Peny, under date of November C, 1805, among
other things, he says :
"The President considers the acceptance of the
amendment by South Carolina us indispensable to a
restoration of her relations with the other States of
the Union."
That was the thirteenth constitutional amend-
ment. This bill has been denounced by Sen-
ators on this floor because it requires these
States, before they shall be entitled to repre-
sentation on this floor to adopt the fourteenth
constitutional amendment; and this objection
comes from the apologists of the President
and the men who declare that his system of
reconstruction is valid and right and legal
to-day and ought not to be overthrown ; and
yet Mr. Johnson himself made the very condi-
tion which this bill makes, requiring the rebel
States to adopt as a fundamental condition to
his favor and acceptance the thirteenth consti-
tutional amendment.
But, sir, I have been carried off at much
greater length into these matters than i in-
tended. My main object in rising was to notice
some objections urged against the bill under
consideration, which I will now proceed to do
in a very brief manner.
One of the objections to the congressional
plan of reconstruction, and to this bill, which
is the capstone and completion of that plan, is
that it disfranchises a part of the white men of
the southern States, and thus punishes them
by an ex post facto law, and that such a pun-
ishment under the circumstances is cruel in
the extreme and in opposition to the genius
of our institutions and the spirit of our Con-
stitution. It strikes me that this is a total
misapprehension of the purpose of this dis-
franchisement. Its purpose is not punish-
ment. It does not look to the past. It has
reference alone to the future. It is true it may
be punitive iu its effect; it may hurt. If my
hand were lacerated and it became necessary
to amputate it that my life might be saved, and
if a surgeon were to say so, and perforin the
operation, it would not be for the purpose of
hurting me, for the purpose of punishment,
although it would be a severe punishment; it
would hurt me severely ; the object would be
to save my life. That is the sole object of this
restriction ; that is the sole object of this dis-
franchisement. Here are men proposed to
be temporarily disfancliised who have shown
themselves faithless in the past; here are men
who went out of these Halls with the oath of
fidelity to the Constitution of the United States
warm on thealtarof their hearts, and the breath
hardly dry from their lips on the Bible, to lift up
the arms of rebellion against the Government
that had nurtured and! cherished them ; and
these Into are-seeking a rei introduction into the
body-politic. If they perjured themselves to
d&sSroy.the Government in times past, ought
they to be'trusted without restriction in the
future ?- "Does note-very motive of expediency,
to-say nothing of every principle of justice,
require that the custodians of the liberties of
this country should look well to it that there
should be some guaranties that will protect the
country from the treachery of these men by
introducing them again into the body-politic,
into the political power of the country? Sir,
we are required by every principle of expedi-
ency not to punish these men for what they
have done—-that is not the 'object of this
restriction and disfranchisement, but to take
care that they shall not have the opportunity
to betray us again by abusing political power
that might be intrusted to their hands.
Then there is another objection relied on, to
which I beg leave to allude for a moment;
and that is the objection of negro suffrage. I
am not here to say that there are not difficul-
ties connected with this question ; I do not
pretend to say that there are not; and especially
difficulties connected with universal, unlimited
negro suffrage. I appreciate those difficulties;
but, sir, let us look at the surrounding facts.
The negroes are here in this country, and we
cannot prevenl it. They are free, and we can-
not prevent it; and I hope there is no Senator
who would desire to prevent it if he could.
What is to be done? They must be either
enfranchised or not. There may be difficulties
connected with their enfranchisement. But
these are not. the only difficulties. Now, what is
the part of wisdom? What should be done in
view of all the surroundings? You say there
will be danger in enfranchising them. You say,
among other things, that the result will be a
conflict of races, which must necessarily ensue.
Is there not more danger from their being
unenfranchised? Will there not more likely be
collision because they are not enfranchised?
Will there not be more danger from three or
four million men, increasing yearly in our
country, under the light of our institutions,
under the liberalizing influences of our laws,
reading daily that there ought to be no taxa-
tion without representation, reading our bills,
reading our laws, reading our political text-
books, associating with freemen, drinking in
the spirit of liberty, existing in our midst
deprived of the franchise, than there will be
in extending it to them, at least in some pru-
dent manner? Sir, this will be the danger
of collision if there is any collision in this
country.
But why should there be a collision? Who
is to bring about this collision ? Is it the
negro? Who ever heard of a race in any
country so inferior as the negroes are, numeri-
cally and in every othgr way, being the aggress-
ors ? No, sir; the fact ia that if we have a
conflict it will be a conflict brought on by the
proud, overbearing Anglo-Saxon seeking to
trample the weaker race under his feet. The
conflict will come from the white men if it
come at all. The negro, at least, has discre-
tion and sense enough to know that in such a
conflict, brought on by himself, the white man
must triumph. We have these difficulties to
meet on either hand. But between the two
| kmds of difficulties-which shall we select? I
!! have indicated that, in my opinion, we would
|| be more likely to encounter less danger by
!' enfranchising the negro; and I am the more
]. led to this conclusion because enfranehise-
j1 merit is more consistent with the spirit of our
institutions, and with the spirit of human lib-
•! eriy and eternal justice and equity. A policy
ii extending equality of political rights to a race
ji ought to be less dangerous than a policy with-
|| holding it. is the principle than all just gov-
ii eminent is founded on the consent of the gov-
