Ib6b.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cnii!.:;i' in Unit, amendment. It is made on the ]
recommendation of the Commissioner.
lhe amendment was concurred in.
kktcrn of a. bill. ,
The Senate proceeded to consider the fol- :
lowing resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives :
liesolced, That the Clerk be directed to request the
return of the bill (11. It. No. 448) to change the name
of the ship Goleonda, the same having been inad-
vertently sent to the Senate as having passed the
House.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on ordering the return of the bill in
accordance with the request of the House.
It was so ordered.
MESSAGE FROM TUB IIOCSE.
# A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
668) making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending June 80, 1809, :
and for other purposes. i
The message further announced that the :
House had passed the bill (S. No. 320) for the ;
relief of George Lynch, a soldier of the war
of 1812. j
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joint resolu- ;
lions, in which it requested the concurrence ,
of the Senate : ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1158) for the relief of '
Commander John L. Davis; i
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 172) relative j
to Captain Thomas H. Stevens, United States !
Navy; and* j
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 279) for the
restoration of Captain James F. Armstrong,
United States Navy, to the active list from the
retired list. ;
enrolled bill signed. j
The message further announced that the ;
Speaker had signed the enrolled bill (S. No.
831) to extend the time for completing the mil- j
itary road authorized by an act entitled " An
act granting lands to the States of Michigan and |
Wisconsin to aid in the construction of a mili-
tary road from Port Wilkins, Copper Harbor,
Keweenaw county, in the State of Michigan,
to Fort Howard, Green Bay, in the State of
Wisconsin;" and it was thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore.
house bills referred.
The following bill and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs:
A bill (H. R. No. 1158) for the relief of
Commander John L. Davis;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 172) relative
to Captain Thomas H. Stevens, United States
Navy; and
A joint resolution {H. R. No. 279) for the
restoration of Captain James P, Armstrong,
United States Navy, to the active list from the
retired list.
representation ok sootiiern states.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 1058) to admit theStates of North
Carolina, Soutlj Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia,
and Alabama to representation in Congress is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, the question being on the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] to the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. The Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] is entitled to the floor,
Mr. SHERMAN. I was proceeding to show
the reasons why the slight deficiency in the
number of votes required by the law was not
east. As I said before, the total vote was
seventy-one thousand eight hundred and seven-
teen ; the actual vote required to adopt the
Constitution was seventy-six thousand live
hundred; that is one half or a majority of the
registered votes, so that there was a deficiency
of only four thousand six hundred and eighty-
three, or only about six per cent, of the actual
vote cast; so that if the actual vote cast had
been increased six per eent. of that vote, the
conditions of the law would have been fully
complied with. But the papers laid upon our
tablesshow the reasons why it was not cast.
Here is a letter from Major C. W. Pierce, who
1 presume from his official character in con-
nection with these papers is one of the officers
of the Armyt although I am not sure of it. I
find he is addressed as " Major C. W. Pierce."
He says:
"The election has been controlled almost entirely
by rebel influence. Challengers have been allowed
to bo stationed in the room with the judges, who
have dictated law to the willing oars of old iossils
and semi-rebels on some of the boards."
And then he makes this statement:
"In Gainesville two hundred and sixty-nine
ballots were refused because the exact letters com-
posing the names were not found on the lists, though
the_ freedmen were willing to testify that they had
registered their names, and the old registers were
willing to afiirm it. I will enclose letters from Cap-
tain Yordy and Judge Morse, received to-day."
And this book which is laid on our table is
full of cases of that kind. In some counties
where they had to go thirty or forty miles to
reach the polls, and where no man could go
to vote without being marked by hi:-*-neighbors,
as a matter of course they could be easily-
deterred. If all had gone to the polls, or if all
could go to the polls, so that going to the polls
was not itself evidence of voting for the con-
stitution, probably so many voters could not
have been deterred : but as every person who
went to the polls was known to be in favor of
the constitution, every man who went to the
polls was marked, put down on the black lists,
threatened with persecution, and in this way
the great mass of lhe white people of Alabama
were deterred from voting. \\ e do not know
probably in the northern States the effect of
social ostracism, but according to the letters
published in this book, and according to state-
ments made by persons whom I know in that
State, lists were kept so that any man who was
seen going towards the polls was ostracised.
They refused to buy of merchants who went to
the polls. Mechanics and all persons who were
known to participate in this election were
ostracised, and negro voters were deterred by
threats, and in some cases by actual force and
intimidation, and in other cases by technical
objections to their names. If they were regis-
tered as Pompey, the name of Pomp, the name
to which they had been accustomed, would not
be enough. All kinds of technicalities were
interposed to prevent persons who were regis-
tered from voting. In a State like Alabama,
in a kind of chrysalis state, a great number of
persons were moving from county to county,
from precinct to precinct, from place to place,
all of whom were excluded by law from voting.
I have no doubt that more than ten thousand
persons among the registered voters changed
their residences prior to the time of the elec-
tion. and yet the mass of those voters are
counted against the constitution.
Now, I say we ought not to exclude this
State on a barren technicality when we know
£hat the exclusion will prevent the local gov-
ernment of the State from falling into loyal
instead of rebel hands; but we ought to wel-
come these people with willing hands to their
place in the Union, restoring to our friends—
and in using that word "friends" I refer not
merely to political friends, but to the loyal ele-
ment of theState of Alabama—theirpower over
their local government. If you do not do this,
how can they reorganize their government?
Shall all the work, all the expense, and all the
trouble they have gone to be thrown away ?
Will you order a new election ? If so, you only
invite new scenes of violence, new scenes of
contention. You have no doubt that the con-
stitution sent to you represents the will of nine
tenths of all the loyal people of| Alabama ; and
what do you care for "the opinion of the rebel i
element? You know that this constitution
represents the wish.es of more than a majority,
yea, two thirds of the registered voters, includ- i
ing all you allowed to participate in the form- !
ation of this loyal government. Why, then,
involve them in further expense? Whyinvolvo
them in delay? Why create the necessity of
new laws and a new organization of Alabama?
Sir, I have it from men whom I believe as
readily as I would any Senator on this floor,
that they dare not go back to thS State of Ala-
bama and resume their ordinary avocations
until they can be protected by local law. I
prophesy that if you do not admit Alabama
under the local government formed by the loyal
people there, you will banish from that State
forever tens of thousands of the best men in
Alabama, who dare not go back and resume
their ordinary occupations while the local gov-
ernment is in rebel hands.
My attention is called to the reasons given
by General Meade why this constitution was
not adopted. Among the reasons stated by
General Meade is this:
"First. The determined and rigorous action of its
opponents, who resorted to every means within the
letterof the law to dissuade voters from going to the
polls, who by social ostracism and through business
relations influenced many white voters, and by dis-
charging laboi-erd and refusing employment, intim-
idated colored voters."
Another reason given by him is:
" The violent storm which raged for the first two
days of the election, and the difficulty subsequently
ol'notifying the whole State of the time having been
extended."
Another reason is:
" Defect in the previous instructions to registrars,
who, on revising registration, were not required to
strike off the names of those who since last revision
had died or permanently left the State, This un-
doubtedly would have diminished the majority to
increase the rest, in my judgment, sufficient to have
materially affected the result."
There yon have the statement of General
Meade, that if those who died or left the State
had been stricken from the registration you
would have reduced the aggregate of registra-
tion so that the actual vote cast would have
been a majority of the registered vote. How-
can you, under these circumstances, exclude
this State? Sir, it may seem to us rather a cold
business whether or not Alabama shall come
in now or next winter; but with thousands of
men it involves their lives, their property, and
everything that is dear to them. I hope that
now, when we are consummating this work of
reconstruction, we shall make the thing com-
plete, that we shall admit every State that in
good faith has gone forward and doneall it could
to comply with your acts of reconstruction.
It should be remembered, Mr. President,
that those who apply for admission now are
not the enemies of reconstruction, but they are
the friends of reconstruction. We close the
door upon those who are willing to come here,
who are willing to comply with our law and
all the conditions we may impose upon them.
W  are now acting against our friends and not
against our enemies, either politically or as
enemies to the country. Every rebel in the
State of Alabama desires you to reject this
constitution. Every man who served in the
rebel army there desires you to reject it. Every
patriot soldier who has gone to the State of
Alabama, or who now lives there, desires you
to admit Alabama. Every loyal man in Ala-
bama, without exception, desires this question
closed on the basis of this constitution. There-
fore, in rejecting Alabama you are acting in
the interest of those who are opposed to recon-
struction, and who desire to retain their hold
upon the local government of Alabama.
Now, sir, upon what tenure is all this op-
position placed ? Upon a technical objection,
upon a rule which you yourselves have aban-
doned, upon a provision of law whieh was not
designed for any such purpose, which was
framed and voted for by us with a view to
ascertaining the sense of the loyal people of the
State of Alabama. The rebels have seizedupon
it as a trick. They have used it as a means
to overthrow reconstruction. Under these cir-
cumstances I ask you whether you will stand by
it against Alabama, and waive it as to all the
other States, simply because the election in
Alabama was before you admitted thattherule
was wrong, shall you therefore exclude them
