1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
337
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Representation in Congress—Mr. Willey.
Senate.
erned less applicable to the black man than to
the white roan ?
Mr. President, look at the matter. Here, for
instance, are two men—I am now speaking not
figuratively, because I have the men in my
mind. Here is a farmer ; he has one hundred
acres of land ; he is an industrious, sober citi-
zen ; he works on the highways; he pays his
tax; he yields a ready obedience to all the
laws of his country. He sent some of his sons
to aid in suppressing the late rebellion, one of
whom remains sleeping in death on the field
of battle. Here is another man, also a farmer,
in about similar circumstances. He has not
quite so much land; he had no son to send to
the field, but he is an obedient citizen ; he
renders obedience to all the laws of his coun-
try; be submits himself to all the obligations
society imposes upon him. He is a white man;
the other is a black man. Why should the
white man have a vote and the black man not
have a vote? They are equally intelligent,
equally obedient to the laws, equally contrib-
ute to the welfare of the country, except that
the black man contributes the life of a son to
its defense and the white man contributes
none. Why should one vote and not the other ?
In the name of common justice, in the pame
of liberty, in the name of all that is right,why
should the extension of the right of suffrage
to the black man necessarily bring on a bloody
conflict between the races in this country?
I propose to notice another objection which
has been mentioned to this bill; and that is the
question of negro supremacy.
Mr. President, that is the cry; we hear it on
the Senate floor; we hear it on the mountain
sides j we hear it in the villages ; we hear it in
the cities, " negro supremacy." I am sorry
to say that we hear it even from the lips of
some Senators. " I^egro supremacy!" What
does that mean? Here we are the white race,
thirty millions strong, having wealth and intel-
ligence and the social and moral position.
Here are a parcel of poor negroes with their
arms still bearing the marks of the manacles
of their bondage, just emancipated, compara-
tively ignorant, helpless, three or four millions
strong; and the clamor is "negro supremacy;"
" will you make the negro superior to the
white man ?!' "Will you place the white man
under the domination and government of the
negro?" That is the cry. Why, sir: it is a
senseless clamor. There is no propriety in it.
It is an appeal to the passions of the unthink-
ing multitude. It ought not to be addressed
to an intelligent man. That is not the pur-
pose of it. It is the clamor of the demagogue
and nothing else. Negro supremacy in tiiis
country! It is utterly impossible that the
thing should be. It never can be possible.
But, sir, I am happy to say that I have
before me the argument of my honorable friend
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] the other
day, fresh in our memory, who takes such a
proper, statesmanlike, and national view of
this subject that I propose to read it, that it
may be incorporated in my remarks, and that
it may go to my constituents, that the opinion
of one of the leaders of the Democratic party
in the Ser.ate may be known, who is ashamed
to reecho the demagogue cry of " negro
supremacy," and who boldly, manfully in his
place in the Senate, tells the people of the
United States what will be the probable result
of negro enfranchisement in the southern
States. Here it is:
"Mr. President, it is not upon any party ground
or party considerations that I am opposed to the
present bill: l'or, sir. were the bill to pass and become
a law, and the people of the southern Sta tes—I icier
to the intelligent white peopleol the [southernStates
—should find themse'ves placed in a position where
it would be necessary for them to exorcise then-
intellectual and moral power, not only among their
own lace, butamong thecoiored peoploot theSouth,
I slave no doubt what the result would be m the largo
majoi ity of the southern States. Tnat the intellect
and moral power of the South will rule alt rates
there when you come to the struggle is just as cor- i
tain as the revolutions of the earth, as that water |
4Qtii Coxa. 2d Suss.—No. 22.
willfmd its level. The moral power and intellectual
power which the white people possess in the South,
my honorable friend from Massachusetts will find,
will control the half-civilized negro element when-
ever they desire to do it. And there is a very noted
case arising in the last election in the State of Georgia,
in the most numerous negro district in that State,
where the majority of the negroos was about seven
thousand,"
That, I think, is about the correct view of
the case that I imagine will inevitably be the
result to a considerable extent. Thus is dissi-
pated by the judicious, philosophical, and very
properremarksofthe Senator from Wisconsin—
this idle apprehension of negro supremacy.
But, then, there is another objection made
even more ridiculous than this; and that is the
plan of social equality. Why, Mr. President,
that is thesilliestof all pretensions, the silliest
of all objections. Social equality is not a mat-
ter to be adjusted by law. It is a matter of
taste; it is a matter of choice; it cannot be
enforced by any legislation; it always regu-
lates itself. But then, sir, I have in my hand
here the remarks of a negro bishop who re-
cently went from this city as a delegate from
the conference, then sitting here, of the Meth-
odist Episcopal Zion church to the general
conference of the Methodist Episcopal church
recently convened in Chicago, with a message
of fraternal regards, and with a proposition tor
a union of these two religious bodies; and I
desire to commend to the Senate and to the
country, on this question of the social relations
of the races, the very appropriate and intelli-
gent remarks of this black bishop, which ought
to put to shame the men who are trying to
excite popular prejudice by the constant cry
of " social equality! " This black man said:
"I am here, therefore, for the purpose of ascer-
taining whether we can live together again. We
have found no difficulty in living together as masters
and slaves; let us hope m God's name that we shall
find none in living together as treeinen and as Chris-
tians. We ask tor equality because, as members of
the Christian church, as partakers of the Divine
nature, we dare not, for the dignity of our Christian
principles, ask anything less than equality. By that
equality, we mean not, Mr. Chairman, to thrust our-
selves upon you, nor to have you thrust yourselves
upon us. We propose, sir, to walk into your parlors
and sit down there as men when you invite us to do
so, and we do not propose that you shall walk into
our parlors and sit down there as men until we invite
you."
Sir, that is worthy of our common manhood,
and I hope it will be considered worthy of our
approbation upon this floor.
Mr. President, to bring my remarks to a
conclusion, because I had not intended to pro-
tract them to such length, why all this hostility
to the negro; because after all it is hostility
to the negro which constitutes the main objec-
tion to this bill and to all these reconstruction
measures? What has he done to merit this
perpetual denunciation? Is it bis presence
on this continent? Is that the reason of our
hostility ? Sir, he is not accountable for that;
he came not here by his own consent, but was
brought hither in chains, snatched from his own
native shore by the guilty hand oi' our fathers.
His emancipation is not his own act. If there
were any guilt in that he is not accountable for
it. The chains of slavery were struck from
his limbs by our own act; by our own free
act, not altogether free either, Mr. President,
because we were rather constrained to do it
that we might bring him to our aid in defend-
ing the Republic.
is he ignorant? Is that a reason why we
should denounce him? Why is he ignorant?
How became lie ignorant? Do we not know
that almost every code in the southern States,
(the provisions now, thank God, are obso.ete,)
until within a very few years past, contained
inhibitions and penalties of the severest char-
acter for teaching the negro even his letters,
for teaching him to read even the very record
of his salvation? Do we not know that his
ignorance is attributable to the white man
who has held him in bondage and sold hiui as
a beast in the shambles? Sir, his ignorance is
not his reproach, but our shame, is he hum-
ble ? Is he helpless ? Is he defenseless ?, Is
that a reason why a magnanimous race should
trample upon .his rights 1 Should it apt rather
appeal to our njagnanimity and our piaijhopd ?
When the spirit of more enlightened .ciyili?^-
tion shall have dissipated these mists of error
and prejudices of education tho inexorable
hand of history will write a terrible judgment
against men who are disposed to trample upon
the race simply because it is helpless. a,nd
defenseless.
It strikes me, Mr. President, that instead of
this unseemly villification, this constantderision
of the negro because he has crisp hair, because
he has long heels, because he has a black
skin, because he is in a degraded condition,
the result of our own oppression, every princi-
ple of justice and every sentiment of honor and
charity should impel uS to give him all the aid
we can in lifting him from his degraded condi-
tion, and giving him every support and encour-
agement, moral and intellectual, within our
power. Why, sir, how was it a few years ago,
when the issue of the life or death of this na-
tion hung trembling in the balance ? Was he
then the despised being that gentlemen would
represent him to be now ? No, sir. Then one
hundred and eighty thousand strong he rallied
to the rescue of the Republic, and on a hun-
dred fields of blood more than thirty thousand
of this race yielded up their lives in battle or
perished from disease in the hospitals in de-
fense of the Republic. And how much we
owe to the negro, whether in fact it was not
the case that it was his additional aid that
saved this nation, no man living can tell.
We hear often from the Senator from Wis-
consin about the imbruited character of the
negro, about his ignorance. Sir, let me ask
the Senator from Wisconsin how long it has
been since his own fellow-citizens, soldiers in
the Army of the Republic, escaping from Sal-
isbury and Andersonville and Libby, and a
hundred prison dens in the South, dens of
death, famishing soldiers of the Union, were
eating the divided crust with the negro of the
South, sleeping in his cabin while he stood
sentinel at his door, piloted by him through the
morasses, and guided around the sentinels of
the enemy that they might escape to their
homes or rejoin their regiments, and were sent
on their way rejoicing by these black benefac-
tors ? And yet these are the men the Senator
denounces and reviles and traduces here day
after day as not entitled to the franchise, and
not worthy of the confidence of the American
people. Sir, there is another kind of slavery
than that which degraded the negro ; it is the
slavery of passion, the slavery of education,
the slavery of prejudice. Thank God, that
slavery, too, is passing away; and the time is
not far distant when, discarding these foolish
ideas about negro supremacy and social equal-
ity, the American people will recognize the
common, genuine manhood of the human
brotherhood, and each of the races will take
its proper position in the body-politic, and all
will be well
Mr. President, one other remark, and I have
done, asking pardon of the Senate for having
detained them thus long. We need the icon-
struction of these States forthwith. Society in
those southern States is disorganized. The
industrial interests of theSouth aie all perish-
ing. The common prosperity of the Union, to
say nothing of the South, demands a speedy
restoration of these States to practical rela-
tions with the General Government. This may
not be the best plan ; but it is the plan pre-
sented. It is a plan which lias been accepted
by a majority ot' the people in the South. \V hy
should wt* hesitate to leceive them ? Why this
resistance, especially on the side of the Cham-
ber that has been denouncing us for two years
past because we have been keeping these States
out of the Union? Kow, when we present a
plan which a majoiityof the people themselves
in these States have accepted, why should these
