1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
By Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois: The
petition of citizens of Illinois, praying Con-
gress to take action for the protection of the
rights of naturalized citizens.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of C. C.
Parsons, John K. McBride, Josiah Given, A.
S. McClure, and 278 citizens of Wooster, Ohio,
without respect to party, asking the action of
the Government to protect naturalized citi-
zens, and to define the status of our natural-
ized citizens with the Governments of the Old
World.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: A memorial of
John Campbell and 40 others, citizens of
Ironton, Ohio, on the subject of a change ia
the mode of appointments and removals of
officers charged with the duty of collecting
and disbursing the public revenue.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, January 11, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate acommunication from the Attor-
ney General, in reply to a resolution of the 8th
instant, transmitting copies of official opinions
given by him in relation to the pay of retired
and reserved officers of the Navy; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. POMEROY. I present the petition of
Jessie Benton Fremont, xif New York, pray-
ing that some property in San Francisco, Cal-
ifornia, which has been taken possession of by
the Government uoay be restored to her. She
states that she resided on this property until
1801, when she joined her husband, who had
been reappointed in the Army; that she rented
this estate to the surveyor general of Califor-
nia, who retained possession of it until 1863;
that at that time it was taken possession of by
the United States military authorities, and
that possession has been retained. I ask to
have this petition referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition D.H.
McDonald, praying for the salary of acting
United States consul at Cape Town, Cape of
Good Hope, from January 17 to June 9, 1803 ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented three series of resolutions
adopted at mass meetings of colored citizens ,
in Fulton, Early, and Randolph counties,
Georgia, setting forth their miserable condition
and praying for relief; which were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. j
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of one I
hundred and seventy-eight mechanics and other
laboring men of Washington^ the petition of j
three hundred and forty laboring men at Alle- !
ghany arsenal, Pennsylvania, the petition of ;
two hundred and seventy-eight mechanics and
laboring men of New York, and the petition of '
two hundred and eighty-seven mechanics and
laboring men of Nashville, Tennessee, praying
for the passage of a law making eight hours a
day's work in all Government workshops; '
which were referred to the Committee on j
Finance.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented two petitions
of citizens of Parkersburg, West Virginia,
praying the interposition of the Government
for the r<eleaae of American citizens charged
to be Fenians, now confined in British dun-
geons ; which were referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Alabama, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route Between Eufaula and
Ozark, in that State ; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
,Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of the
New Orleans, Opelousas, and Great Western
Railroad Company, praying for a special act
of relief reinstating the land grant of that
company and authorizing the adjustment and
liquidation of its accounts; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
tiie constitutional amendment.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint,
resolution (S. R. No. 86) declaring the adop-
tion of the amendment to the Constitution
known as article fourteen; which, was read
twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read at length.
It is not long.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read for information.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, as
follows:
Whereas an amendment to the Constitution pro-
posed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known as
article fourteen, has already been adopted by the
Legislatures of twenty-two States, to wit, Connecti-
cut, New Hampshire, Tennessee, New Jersey, Ver-
mont, Oregon, New York, Ohio, Illinois, West Vir-
ginia., Kansas, Nevada, Missouri, Indiana, Min-
nesota, Rhode Island, Wisconsin*,Pennsylvania,
Michigan, Massachusetts, Nebraska, and Maine;
and whereas it is provided in the Constitution that
an amendment duly proposed shall be valid when
" ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the
several States:" Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representative*,
&c„ That the amendment to the Constitution pro-
posed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known aa
article fourteen, having received the requisite ratifi-
cation, is valid to all intents and purposes as part of
the Constitution.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senate is not dis-
posed to act upon that resolution now without
reference to a committee I shall have no objec-
tion to its being referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and I hope I shall not take too
great a liberty if I appeal to that committee tci
make an early report on the question. It seems
to me that the country should know whether
that article at this moment is valid as a part of
the Constitution or not. In my opinion tljere
can be no question 
Mr. DIXON. Has the resolution been re-
ceived?
Mr. SUMNER. It is a joint resolution, and
the question now is on its reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
j Mr. DIXON. I supposed it required unan-
imous consent to receive it.
Mr. SUMNER; I say, in myopinion there
can be no question of the validity of that amend-
mentas apartof the Constitution of the United
States, and I hope that Congress will without
delay declare so. It seems to me that it
belongs to Congress to do this rather than to
any other branch of the Government. I know
that in times past it has been the habit to leave
this question to the Secretary of State, who has
made an official certificate on the subject; but
the whole matter seems to me to come properly
within the cognizance of Congress.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
pay of retired naval officers.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to offer a resolution,
and I hope the Senator will allow us to get
through with the morning business.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well. I withdraw the
motion for that purpose; but I give notice that
I shall renew it when the morning business
shall have been concluded.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to suspend, until ftirther action of Con-
gress be had thereon, all payments to the retired
and reserved officers of tne Navy promoted under
the ninth section of an actentitled "An act to amend
certain acts in relation to the Navy," approved
March 2,1867, except as they were severally entitled
to pay at the time such officers were placed on the
retired or reserved lists of the Navy, and to which
they were entitled at the passage of act withoat pro-
motion.
introduction of bills.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 241) authorizing the Commissioner of
Patents to pay certain employes of the Patent
Office for services rendered; which was read
twice by its title,, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Office.
southern state governments.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to give notice
of an amendment that I intend to offer as a
substitute for the resolution submitted by the
honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mor-
ton,] which I shall offer when that subject
again comes before the Senate for considera-
tion. I give this notice now in order that I
may ask that the substitute which I propose to
his resolution may be printed.
Several Senators. Let it be read.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As it is very short it
may perhaps as well be read for information,
and then I desire t,o have it printed.
The Secretary read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to strike out all after the word,
i "resolved" in the resolution of Mr. Morton
and in lieu thereof to insert:
That the Committee on the Judiciary be instructed
in any bill which may be reported by them, having
reference to the question of reconstruction, so called,
in any of the States not represented in the present
Congress, to insert the following proviso:
Provided, nevertheless. That upon an election for "
the ratification of any constitution or of officers
under the same previous to its adoption in any ,
State, no person not having the qualifications of an
elector under the constitution aud laws of such
State previous to the late rebellion shall be allowed
to vote, unless he shall possess one of the following
qualifications, to wit: first, he shall have served as
a soldier in the Federal Army for one year or more;
second, he shall have sufficient education to read
the Constitution of the United States and to sub-
scribe his name to an oath to support the same; or
third, he shall be seized in his own riaht or in th«
right of his wife of a freehold of the value of $250.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, the proposed amendment
will be received informally, and ordered to be
printed.
corporations in the district.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
now take up for consideration the bill (S. No.
102) providing for the formation of corpora-
tions and regulating the same in the District
of Columbia—the bill that was under consid-
eration during the morning hour yesterday,
and was then read entirely through. I think
it will not occupy very many minutes to pass it.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator that I hope he will not propose to take up
this District bill with a view to putting it on
its passage hastily this morning. There are a
number of suggestions in reference to it which
I think ought to be made, and made deliber-
ately. It is a very long bill, and a bill unlike
any other which I know of in the legislation of
any State or in the legislation of Congress. It
covers a vast deal of ground. It is such a bill
in part as has been considered a good many
times in the House of Representatives during
the last five or six years, and there are some
suggestions I should like myself to submit to
the Senator who has it in charge.
Mr. HARLAN. Does the Senator desire
more time to look it over personally?
Mr. CONKLING. No time; I only desire
that it may be taken up on some occasion
when it can be deliberately treated; and I
understand that thfe Senator from Michigan is
anxious now to proceed to the consideration
of executive business. But I make my remark
rather by way of intimating to the Senator
from Iowa that I would like, for one, an oppor-
tunity to make some suggestions about the bill
to the end that he need not suppose that it can
be passed without any suggestions being made.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I shall be
very happy to hear any suggestions that may
be made by the Senator from New York.
The Senator from Michigan has given notice
merely that he will move that the Senate go
into executive session at one o'clock. I think
the bill can be disposed of before one o'clock.
Of course I cannot know how much time the
Senator from New York may wish to occupy
in making the suggestions to which he refers ;
but unless he expects to occupy considerable
