2862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
and allow other States who have voted since
that time to be admitted ? I trust not. It is a
trap, and it ought not to be allowed by the
Congress that framed these reconstruction laws
to affect the conclusion of our work. I trust
that without any unnecessary delay we may
place Alabama upon the same list with the
other States, may give her the benefit of ad-
mission, and give Eer the benefit of Senators
and Representatives in Congress.
Mr. STEWART.. I have given some attention
to the case of Alabama, and I wish to state to
the Senate the result of the investigation that
I have made of that particular question. After
Alabama first voted, the other States surround-
ing her not having voted, I had considerable
apprehensions about the ability of the people
who had formed that government, to sustain a
State government, and I introduced a bill for
a provisional government, a copy of which was
introduced in the House of liepresentatives,
and passed by the House, and is now before
our Committee on the Judiciary. But since
the other States have voted, and since they
have been carried in favor of reconstruction by
a majority of the votes cast, without generally
getting a majority of the registered votes, lam
thoroughly convinced that upon the same test
that has been put to the other States, Alabama
would have come in by a handsome majority.
That is perfectly obvious. She has as strong
a Union party, as strong a party for the new
constitution as any of the these States except
perhaps one ; so that so far as having a loyal
State is concerned, capable of sustaining the
government they have set up, I think Alabama
is in as good condition as most of the other
States.
Then the only remaining question is a ques-
tion of good faith. It is said that we made a
pledge to do one thing and we propose to do
another. I do not think that argument will be
regarded as of much force when we take into
consideration the counties of Alabama in which
there were no votes polled, and when we fur-
ther take into consideration the fact that the
parties opposed to the constitution did not con-
duct themselves in very good faith, and when
we take into consideration the further fact that
Alabama cast as large a vote for the adoption
of the constitution as has been cast in any of
these States, except South Carolina, in propor-
tion to the registered vote.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator will re-
member that in Arkansas the vote was five
sevenths of the whole registered vote. 1 pro-
duced the figures the other day.
Mr. STEWART. But a large number of
votes there were cast against the constitution.
I say in proportion to those registered the vote
cast for the constitution in Alabama was as large
as that in any State except South Carolina,
Mr. BUCKALEW. I arn speaking of the
total number of voters.
Mr. STEWART. 1 repeat, in proportion to
those registered, there were as many voles cast
for the constitution in Alabama as in any other
State, I think, except South Carolina. It is
therefore fair to presume that if the other side
had voted against it we should still have carried
it; and there.is no doubt of that fact. Then
again, the vote of Alabama was cast under more
unfavorable circumstances because of the great
rains, and there was more violence displayed
there than in any other State. I am therefore
thoroughly satisfied that if we had had the same
rule in Alabama at the time they voted as in
the other States we should have carried it. No
injustice, then, will be done by the admissiou
of Alabama with this constitution. Upon any
hypothesis of reasoning, taking the whole situ-
ation into consideration, no man can doubt
that if all had voted, as they did in Georgia,
North Carolina, and Arkansas, the result would
have been the same, and the constitution would
have been adopted by a large majority.
Now, it is very important that this State
should be restored with the rest. It is import-
ant, I take it, that we should have this State
and Florida here. They will make just enough
to ratify the constitutional amendment. The
people who are opposed to the admission of
Alabama are more opposed to making a pro-
visional government there, according to the
bill which has passed the House of Represent-
atives. They prefer to have' the State come in.
The Democrats of Alabama, if we shall apply
to them that name, say they prefer the State
to be admitted to having a bill passed placing
it under a provisional government. It is very
certain, I will say to our Democratic friends,
that if we do not pass this bill, we shall be con-
strained to pass the bill that has been passed
by the House giving them a provisional gov-
ernment. The Democrats of Alabama and the
Union men of Alabama prefer Alabama to be in
this bill rather than agree to the bill that has
passed the House giving them a provisional
government.
Mr. SAULSBURY. My honorable friend
from Nevada will allow me to ask him what
particular reason there is why the Democrats
of Alabama should inform him of their desires
and wishes in reference to this matter while
they keep them from the Democratic members
of this body? Will my honorable friend tell
me what service he has of late years rendered
to the cause of the country that the anxious,
inquiring Democracy of Alabama should seek
him out, and make him the depositary of their
wishes, or communicate to him their hopes and
desires ?
Mr. STEWART. I will inform the gentleman
that it is because I read the newspapers ; and
my friend from Delaware, following the old
Democratic plan, never reads a paper, and so
he is not informed. [Laughter.] Besides that,
Mr. Parsons, who speaks pretty authoritatively
for the Democratic party of thai State, has called
on me two or three times, and several other
gentlemen have called and said they preferred
that the State should be admitted—they did
not want either—to the bill putting them under
a provisional government. The Democratic
papers down there say so, if I may call them
Democratic, and I suppose they are. It appears
that both parties in Alabama would prefer this
kind of legislation. That we are going to legis-
late to place the government of that State in
loyal hands at this session, I do not suppose
anybody doubts. I do not suppose the Demo-
cratic party expect that they will retain the
State organization in the hands in which it now
is after the conduct of those in erllice and in
power at the late election. I do not think any-
body supposes that that can be done.
I am in favor of the admission of this State.
I want the Union restored as fast, as possible.
Let us get this State and Florida in, and we
shall then have enough to stop all quibbling, to
satisfy all honest men and everybody else with
regard to the ratification of the constitutional
amendment. I suppose our Democratic friends
want that question settled one way or the other.
We want it settled in the right way.
I have no serious apprehensions that the
Republican organization in Alabama—the
Union organization; I will not call them
Republican—will not be able to maintain them-
selves if we admit them. The chances are all
in their favor. But if we leave the State organ-
few Union men there twelve months from now.
I do not believe that that is contemplated by
anybody. The loyal people of that country,
those who are in favor of Union and restora-
tion, are entitled to control, are entitled to
be protected, are entitled to the sympathy of
this Government, and it is the duty of Con-
gress, having passed the reconstruction law,
and it having been substantially complied with,
to see to it that the rebel organization no longer
controls that State. I do not think it is worth
while now to stop and split hair3, but the best
way is to let all these States in, and let them
in speedily.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. Mr. President,
the law under which the vote was taken for
the adoption of the constitution of Alabama
provided that a majority of the votes registered
should be necessary to its adoption. In other
words, Congress said to the people of Alabama,
"If you do not vote you shall be counted
against the constitution ; you vote against it
by staying at home." To that provision,when
adopted, I was much opposed, considering it
as contrary to all the just principle that should
control an election. And I can readily see
how some Senators may consider that it would
not be good faith, without another election, to
adopt as ratified the constitution that has failed
to command the approval of a majority of the
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. In one minute I
shall be through.
Mr. STEWART. I do not want to inter-
rupt you when you are through. I want to say
a word on the point you are discussing.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I can, on the
other hand, perceive how persons may come
to the conclusion that notwithstanding the law
has not been complied with they may yet vote
to admit Alabama. If there has been fraud
practiced which we are satisfied has excluded
a number of votes in favor of the constitution
equal to the number wanted to give a majority
of the registered vote, which is about seven
thousand, I think, instead of five thousand, we
can so adjudicate and admit the State. If there
has been a reign of terror against those who
would have voted for the ratification which has
prevented fair expression of opinion, then we
may still in good faith admit the State. I can
also see tliatevery man who undertakes to exer-
cise statesmanship must always recognize the
principle that the safety of the people is the
highest law; and this principle overrides all
technicalities. These things may be as sug-
gested, and on an independent bill for the
admission of Alabama I might vote in its favor.
It is, however, eminently impolitic and un-
wise to attempt to include Alabama in this
bill, because there are some who are not in-
clined, and who, perhaps, cannot vote for the
admission of that State under existing circum-
stances. And we must not forget that this
legislation must probably pass the ordeal of
the President's veto; then we shall want all
our strength, and I should be sorry to imperil
the admission of the five State's included in
this bill by inserting Alabama therein. It
would be much better to have a separate bill
reported for that State, and that it should
stand on its own strength and not be a burden
on the introduction of the other States. If we
find that such a bill cannot be passed we will
then have recourse to the bill which has been
reported by the Senator from Nevada, making
the offices elected under this constitution pro-
visional, and thus take the charge of the gov-
ernment of the State out of the hands of those
who are not loyal.
As to the argument that it is necessary to
admit. Alabama in order that the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution may be secured,
T can only say that does not influence me,
because, as I have said before, I am satisfied
that the fourteenth amendment is now adopted;
and, if not, Alabama could not ratify and make
it a part of the Constitution. Twenty-three
izations in rebel hands, there will be but very^States have voted for it, including Ohio and
New Jersey. It is claimed, without, any pro-
priety, that Ohio and New J ersey have of right
withdrawn their ratification. That would leave
twenty-one States ; with Alabama there would
be six new States, making only twenty-seven
in favor of the amendment, and twenty-eight
are necessary. If we intend to respect the
position that a State can play fast and loose
with the Constitution, and ratify an amend-
ment one day and reject it the next, I do not
know when it will be adopted. Oregon may
in a few months send us her repeal of ratifica-
tion. And so may other States. I am not
influenced in my opinion on this subject by the
situation of the fourteenth amendment. Our
true policy is to pass this bill as reported;
then a bill for the admission of Alabama may
be introduced ; and if we cannot pass that we
can make the bill of the Senator from Nevada,
before referred to, a law.
