338
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
[June 3,
Ho. of Reps.
Internal Tax-—Mr. Hunter.
40th Cong. ;. . 2d Sbbs~.
objections be raised in oppositiou ? Sir, the
peace of the whole country, the prosperity of
the southern States and of the whole country
demands a speedy restoration _ of these people
to their ancient practical relations to this Gov-
ernment.
In conclusion let me say, Mr. President, in
the language of a distinguished personage now
attracting so much of public confidence and
consideration, " Letushave peace"—the peace
which this measure only can secure.
Internal Tax.
SPEECH OF HON. M. C. HUNTER,
of indiana,
In. the House of Representatives,
June 3, 1868.
The House'b,oing in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the bill (H. R. No. 1060) to
reduce into one act and to amend tlio laws relating
to internal taxes—
Mr. HUNTER said:
Mr. Chairman: The tax bill presented by
the Committee of Ways and Means regulating
the internal revenue I regard of the highest
importance, and its provisions should receive
the most careful consideration from every mem-
ber of this House. There is no subject in which
our constituents are so much interested as in
the.subject of internal taxation, for revenues
derived from that source must pay at least one
half of all the expenses of this Government,
and in the end liquidate a large portion of our
public debt; and these revenues must be
derived in a great measure from the luxuries
of the country or they must come from the
honest toil of t,he people. The question is
from which shall they come; and for the answer
we give to this question we shall each be held
to a strict, accountability. I for one answer
from the luxuries, because when derived from
that source their burden is not felt by the
laboring men of this country; but when you
have to go directly to the necessaries of life,
and place upon them taxes sufficient to raise
the amount of internal revenue that will he
required toward the support of this Govern-
ment and the payment of our debt, you place
upon the laboring men a burden that they are
unable to bear, and one that will forever keep
them ground to the earth.
Our present internal revenue law, as well
as the system presented by this bill, I regard
as vitally defective, for the reason that they
proceed, in the main, upon the principle of
preventing the whisky frauds by throwing
guards and restrictions around ils manufac-
ture which are so cumbersome in their machin-
ery and so difficult of execution that I fear all
honest men will be deterred from engaging in
the business ; and even if they did, the system
of identification of liquors is so defective that
liqubrs upon which the tax has not been paid
could be coatinually thrown upon the market
without the proper means of detection, which
would enable scoundrels who thus evade the
law to undersell the honest manufacturer and
break him down in his business, and the result
would be a depleted Treasury and dishonest
men made wealthy at the expense of the labor
of the country.
What we want, then, to prevent these frauds
and to collect our taxes upon whisky and
tobacco, even under an honest administra-
tion—which I hope and believe our next will
be—is a law so plain and simple in detail and
so easy of execution that an honest man can
manufacture and sell under it without fear of
harm, and at the same time be so certain and
severe in its punishment that even a thief will
not dare to violate it. Such a law, in my judg-
ment, can be made, and certainly the necessi-
ties of the times, as well as the interests of
the laboring men of this country, require it, in
order to save them from taxes that will other-
wise have to be paid by them.
Not having time to discuss the provisions of
this bill and point out what I regard as its
defects, on account of its great length, I will
only detain the committee by giving a brief
outline of the kind of law we need, and one
that, in my judgment, will collect the taxes we
levy, unless the Executive should hinder and
prevent its execution.
1. Every person or persons desiring to en-
gage in the business of manufacturing liquors
should be required to make an application in
writing to the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue for that purpose, in which should be stated
the kind of business proposed to be followed—
whether distilling, redistilling, rectifying, fer-
menting, or brewing—accurately describing the
premises on which such business is to be done,4
and stating about the amountof business to be
done each year, in all cases the person or per-
sons making theapplication to own in fee simple
the premises described therein. . If the appli-
cation be approved by the Commissioner—
which it should be, unless he is satisfied that
the statements in the same are untrue—such
person or persons named therein, before doing
any business thereunder, should execute a
bond, with one or more sureties, to the satis-
faction of such Commissioner, in the penal sum
of not less than $500 nor more than $50,000,
conditioned for the faithful performance of all
the duties required of him or them bylaw;
which sureties should in all cases own in their
own right unincumbered lands in the county
where such place of business is situate of the
full value of such bond, which bond should
immediately be recorded, attheexpense of such
applicant orapplicants, in the recorder's office
in such county; and it should, from the date
of its record, be a preference lien on all the
lands in such county owned by the persons
executing the same, such lands to be released
by such Commissioner upon other and similar
bond being executed, or when the business
named in such application is discontinued,
upon condition that such business had boon
honestly and fairly conducted, and not other-
wise. Such approval, after the execution and
recording of such bond, should authorize such
person or persons making such application to
carry oil the business specified on the premises
therein stated to the fullest extent asked for,
providing the same be done according to law.
The object of requiring the application to be
made to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
is this : it enables the Commissioner to keep a
record of all the authorized manufacturers of
the various kinds of liquors, and insures to the
Government good men to engage in the busi-
ness, for rascals could noteasilygivesnchbond.
2. Such person or persons named in such
application should at the close of each day be
required to make out in triplicate written state-
ments of the amountof liquors distilled, redis-
tilled, rectified, fermented, or brewed that day;
and at the close of each week, unless oftener
required by such Commissioner, to deliver such
daily statements to such inspector as such
Commissioner should direct, to the correctness
of which statements such person or persons
should be sworn by such inspector, who should
have power to administer oaths in such cases;
and such person or persons should at the same
time deliver to such inspector all of the liquors
named in such daily statements, neatly put up
in barrels or casks, each barrel or cask num-
bered, commencing with one and continuing
regularly, as one, two, three, &c., as long as
he or they should manufacture, so that no two
should have the same number, and be neatly
marked in plain letters and figures, as follows :
first, the name of the manufacturer or manu-
facturers ; second, the place and date of such
manufacture; third, the kind, quality, and
quantity of liquor contained in each. If such
inspector should find the statements correct in
form, fsnd agreeing in every respect with the
marks and brands on'such casks or barrels, he
should inspect the liquors and put such marks
or brands on each barrel or cask as such Com-
missioner should require, and then make out
Ms inspection report in triplicate, under seal
such as the Commissioner of' Internal Revenue
should require, one copy of which inspection
report he should deliver to such manufacturer or
manufacturers; one copy, together with one
copy ofeach of such daily reports he should on
same day mail or deliver to the assistant assess-
or of such county or district where such liquors
were made, and" the other copy of his report,
together with one copy of each of such daily
statements he should upon the same day mail
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and
the other copies of such daily statements he
should preserve, and record his own report in
a book to be kept by him for that purpose.
3. Such liquors after their inspection should
be safely stored on the premises where -manu-
factured, or in a bonded warehouse to be pro-
vided by such manufacturer or manufacturers
convenient thereto. And the collector of Such
district where such liquors are stored should
be responsible for the tax on the same from
and after their inspection, and for that reason
the s%me should be kept under his charge, or
the charge of such revenue storekeeper as he
might designate, until the tax thereon should
be paid or the same should otherwise be dis-
posed of according to law ; such liquors to be
sold in the same packages in which they were
inspected, the lax in all cases to be paid before
removal, and the same to be removed within
twenty-four hours after sale. In all cases of
such sales bills of sale should be made out in
triplicate by such storekeeper, and sealed with
such seal as the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue should require; such bills of sale should
state the place and date of sale, the name of
the person or persons to whom sold, and his
or their place of residence, each article sold
and price paid therefor, with an exact copy of
all the marks and brands placed upon each by
such manufacturer and inspector as required
by law; one copy of which bill of sale should
be delivered to lb e purchaser, one copy on same
day mailed or delivered to the assistant assessor
for such county or district where such liquors
are stored, and the other copy on same day
mailed to the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. Such liquors in no case to be sold by such
collector or storekeeper who may have charge
of the same except at the request of such
manufacturer, and all money received for such
liquors over and above the tax thereon should
be paid to such manufacturer without any
charges of any kind. No liquors to be placed
in bond cxcept by manufacturers, and the tax
in all cases to be paid thereon before removal
therefrom, except removals by manufacturers.
The manner in which that shall be done I will
next explain.
4. In case such manufacturer should desire to
I remove such liquors to any other bonded ware-
j house within the United States for sale before
I the tax should be paid thereon, be should
! first procure a permit therefor from the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, which permit
should state each barrel or package to be re-
moved, giving an exact copy of all the marks
or brands on each, as in case of bill of sale, the
bonded warehouse to which the same should
be shipped, and the time within which the
removal should be made. Such removal should
not release the collector charged with the tax
on such liquors until the same should be deliv-
ered in the bonded warehouse named in such
permit and the proper collector of such dis-
trict where such bonded warehouse is situate
properly charged with the tax thereon by the
assessor of such district. But such collector
charged with the tax on liquors, nhich the
manufacturer desires to remove without pay-
ing the tax thereon, as aforesaid, should have
power before such removal to require boud
of such manufacturer in double the amount of
