1838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
they will be very ranch reduced. The highest
estimate now that can be put upon them is from
two hundred and fifty to two hundred and
sixty million dollars, with the certainty of hav-
ing to deduct from one hundred and thirty to
one hundred and thirty-five million dollars of
that for interest. Where are you going to get
the money to carry on the Government and
meet these drains? Borrow it? I think you
might as well end this matter by simply abol-
ishing all taxes and requiring the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay the expenses of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would remind the Sen-
ator from Ohio, with his permission, when he
asks where we can get the money, that we
have the Printing Bureau left, and we can pay
in greenbacks, which suit him so well.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would not pay one of
the old soldiers with new greenbacks, and do
not propose to do so. Sir, there must be an
end of this thing. There is now pending in
Congress every conceivable demand on the
fublic Treasury. Perhaps from my position
am compelled to think of these matters more
than other Senators. There is not a project
that has been suggested for the last thirty years
as a drain upon the Treasury which is not now
revived and pressed upon the various com-
mittees of this body. There is not a class of
expenditures which has been proposed for
years that is not now demanded. Bounties,
subsidies, pensions, gratuities, internal im-
provements, harbor and river improvements,
railroads—all conceivable classes of expendi-
ture are pressed upon us. Where is the money
to come from ?
Sir, we have just gone through a great war,
in which we have incurred enormous expendi-
tures, from which we have an enormous debt,
which is a burden upon us of $135,000,000 in
gold annually. That is an obligation which
we cannot evade. Our people are now de-
manding a repeal of taxes, and we shall prob-
ably be compelled to go to the full tether in
the repeal of taxes. I hope we can repeal the
entire tax on our domestic industry. Can we
go further?
It is a very ungracious task, I know, to stand
up against the demands of the old soldiers of
the war of 1812, and I wish to God some other
Senator felt the necessity of doing it, as 1 have
to do it now briefly ; becausc among them are
many of my dearest and best friends, with
whom I would divide the last crust of bread.
But it seems to me that without necessity,
without any demand on their part to give this
money to these old soldiers is entirely uncalled
for. I have one now in my mind, a patriotic
old hero, who is worth half a million dollars.
Will you now give him a hundred dollars a
year pension?
Mr. JOHNSON. Will he ask for it?
Mr. SHERMAN. X do not think he will;
but why offer it to him? Why not confine the
bill, if you are to pass it at all, to those for
whom the House of Representatives have pro-
vided, those who are really needy? 1 do not
think there is any general demand for the pas-
sage of this bill.
Mr. FOWLEli. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Ohio if he can tell what is
the number of surviving soldiers of the war of
1812?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from West
Virginia gave the statistics. I think he said
there were about one hundred and sixty thou-
sand soldiers of that war.
Mr. FOWLER. Is one hundred and sixty
thousand the whole number that was enrolled
in the war of 1812?
Mr. SHERMAN. Many more than that.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. My calculation showed
that at the end of the war those not pensioned
for wounds or disease contracted in service
probably amounted to one hundred and sixty-
one thousand. During that whole war there
were five hundred and twenty-seven thousand
men enlisted, but only two hundred and fifty-
five thousand were for over three months' ser-
vice.
Mr. SHERMAN. There were issued under
the land-warrant laws, I think, one hundred
and sixty-odd thousand land warrants within
a few years. That is my impression ; but per-
haps the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Haelan] can
tell the exact number.
Mr. VAN WINlvLE. I can give the Sena-
tor the information. There were two hundred
and twelve thousand land warrants issued ; but
they were to men whose service in the war was
not less than fourteen days, and to their wid-
ows. This bill has nothing to do with widows;
it only applies to the soldiers themselves.
Mr. SHERMAN. When were these land war-
rants issued?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Under the acts of
1850 and 1855.
Mr. SHERMAN. Just think of it 1 Over
two hundred thousand of these soldiers or their
widows survived in 1855 ; and yet the Senator
from West Virginia tells us that only five thou-
sand will be embraced under this bill. This
fact shows how fallacious is the reasoning
upon which this bill is based. I beg Senators
to pause upon this question. If we had the
money, if the Treasury was overflowing, or if
they were ready to print new greenbacks, or
resort to new expedients to raise money; if we
had Aladdin's lamp or some other mysterious
way of getting money into the Treasury, as a
matter of course we might afford to do it. But I
warn the Senate, and I warn them now with
new information obtained this very day in the
examination of a bill pending in the Commit-
tee on Finance—a proposition to repeal taxes
—that we have not the means to enable us to
resort to new expenditures. If bills of this
kind be passed we shall have, in connection
with our repeal of taxes, to report a new loan
law or some provision to issue greenbacks to
pay this money. If Congress add bylaw new
items of expenditure, we must provide new
means of payment, and we shall be compelled
either to continue some of the taxes which it is
proposed to take off, or to resort to new taxa-
tion, or to issue greenbacks, or to borrow
money. There is no other way for it.
Nothing in the world is so easy and so
pleasant as to repeal taxes, to give bounties,
to grant new annuities, and make new bur-
dens. The trouble is iti paying the money.
Our people are tired of paying taxes. When
we pass bills of this kind we should look to
the means to meet them.
I said a moment ago that there was no gen-
eral demand for the passage of this bill. I am
sure there is no general demand in the com-
munity for it. Occasionally we receive peti-
tions from soldiers of the war of 1812, but they
have been here for twenty years, and Congress
during that time has invariably turned its back
upon' them. These soldiers have been dealt
with generously, liberally, by the Government
of the United States; they were paid in full,
they were paid bounties, and they have since
obtained land. All that were indigent or
invalid have been provided with pensions, and
have received their pensions for years. Now,
is it worth while for us to make a new draft
upon the Treasury, to provide for a new ex-
penditure, without having any statistics to base
it upon; without having any report, so fur as
I know, from the Commissioner of Pensions
as to the probable number of persons who will
be embraced by this bill, and against the re-
monstrances of those who have to pay the
money, in the face of the demand of oar people
that taxes shall be diminished?
Sir, I have done my duty in regard to this
matter. The Senate, as a matter of course,
will do as they please; but I beg of them,
when they are considering new modes of ex-
penditure and new demands upon the Treasury,
that they will also reflect, upon the difficulty,
the almost utter impossibility, now of providing
new sources of revenue. I, for one, do not
wish to be compelled to stand up against the
soldiers of the war of 1812. I respect them
and revere them and love them as much as
any Senator here; but, sir, I do not believe
they demand of us to assume and throw upon
the Treasury those new burdens at a time when
the whole industry of the country is paralyzed
and when the cry comes to us from all parts
of the nation for relief from taxation and from
financial derangement, caused by a deranged
currency and many other causes.
For the same reasons I have stated I shall
vote against this bill in any form in which it is
put; but I shall not regard it as a vety great
matter if it be confined to the old soldiers who
are really needy, whose circumstances are so
reduced that they cannot support themselves,
or who are now aided by others. The num-
ber of these must be comparatively few, al-
though 1 think even they would far exceed the
number stated by the Senator from West Vir-
ginia. I have no doubt that more than five
thousand soldiers of the war of 1812 can claim
and receive pensions under this bill as it came
to us from the House of Representatives ; and
if we pass the bill even in that shape it will
cost us $500,000 a year within two years from
from this time to pay the pensions of the
soldiers who can prove that they are really
needy or suffering, or who, in the language of
the bill, are in circumstances which render
them dependent on others for support.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very glad that
the honorable Senator from Ohio, the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, has given
his opinions to the Senate with reference to
this bill as it stands, and especially with ref-
erence to the pending amendment, which is to
strike out a portion of the bill calculated some-
what to limit it. I wish to say, in addition to
what he has remarked, that I think it is as
well for us to consider whether it is worth
while to set this precedent. I believe we did,
within a comparatively recent period, give a
pension to each surviving soldier of the revo-
lutionary war. The expediency of that was
somewhat doubtful; but we were then per-
fectly able to do it, and we were gaining every
day in wealth and power; and the argument
was that the services rendered by those sol-
diers in the revolutionary war were of such
a peculiar character, considering the time and
the circumstances, that we might well afford
to bestow such a token of appreciation upon
them.
But, sir, is there any nation on the face of
the earth that pensions a man simply for the
reason that he has rendered military service,
and three months' military service, for I believe
the bill goes down as low as that, in a war of
the country? Is there any nation on the earth
besides our own in which the idea would be
tolerated for a moment? Look at it, sir. We
are now to begin with the war of 1812 and put
upon the pension-roll every man who served in
that war for the period of three months, no
matter where, no matter under what circum-
stances, though it may have been simply to de-
fend his own homestead. By and by will come
the question of extending the same benefit to
the surviving soldiers of the Seminole war, of
the Creek war, of the Black Hawk war, of the
Mexican war; and not far hence of the groat
war in which we have been so lately engaged,
where we had millions of men in the field, when
every surviving soldier is to be put upon the
pension-roll because of his military service for
a longer or shorter period. I ask Senatois to
deliberate for a moment. Is there any nation
on the face of the earth which can stand a prin-
ciple of that kind carried out into practice?
I undertake to say that the mere fact that a
man was called out for three months, or en-
listed for three months, or was drafted for three
months, and rendered military service, when lie
received no wound, and returned back iu full
health and with all the credit that belonged to
his service, and was paid for his service, does
not give him a claim for a pension.
My friend from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
suggests to me that every one of these soldiers
has had one hundied and sixty acres of land.
What nation on the face of the earth ever dealt
so liberally as that with its soldiers? I do not
object to it. We had the territory, a vast re-
gion ; and it was beneficial, perhaps as well to
