1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3887
a seat in this House as a Delegate from the Territory
of Utah.
Resolved, That William II. Harper is entitled to a
seat in this House as a Delegate lrom the Territory of
Utah.
The report and - accompanying papers were
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
tlie House adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
58, noes 50.
Mr. MOORHEAD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will consider,
unless objected to, the adjournment shall be
until half past seven o'clock p. m., this even-
ing having been set apart for invalid pension
bills.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 39, nays 10, not voting
83 ; as follows;
YBAS—Messrs. Axtell, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin,
Barnes, Beek, Benton, Blair, Boles, Bromwell, Sid-
ney Clarke, Eekley, Ela, Bldridsre, Jarnsworth, Fer-
riss, Ulossbrenner, Golladay, Hamilton, Hawkins,
Ilolman, Hopkins, Ingersoll, Judd, Loan, Mallory,
Marshall, McCorinick, Nicholson, Orth, Boss, Sit-
iireaves, Stewart, Tabor, Cadwalader C.Washburn,
.fames F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Windom, and
W oodbridsre—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Anderson, Arnell,
Delos It. Ashley, Banks, Beatty, Benjamin, Bout-
well, Cake, Caiy, Chanler, Churchill, Cobb, Coburn,
Cook.Covode,Dawes, Doweese, Driggs, Eliot, French,
Uarlield, Griswold, Urover. Hill, Hinds, Hooper,
Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Jenekes,
Alexander II. Jones, Julian, Kelsey, Kitchen,
Koontz. George Y. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Lousshridge, Lynch, Marvin, Mnynard, McCarthy,
McKcc, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell,
Mulling, Myers, O'Neill, Paint, Peters, Plants,
Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield,
Selyo, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stokes, Taffc,
Taylor, Trowbridge, Twichell, ttobert T. Van Horn,
Ilenry D. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, and
William Williams—76.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, JamesM.
Ashley, Barnum, Beaman, Bingham, Blaine, Boyer,
Brooks, Broomall. Buckland, Burr, Benjamin F.
Butler, ltoderick 11. Butler, Reader W. Clarke, Cor-
nell, Callom. Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Eg-
gleston. Ferry, Fields, Finney, Fox, Getz, Gravely,
Haight, llalsey, Harding. Higby, Hotchkiss, Asahel
W. Ilubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kellcy, K.crr, Kctcham,
Knott,Laflin, Lincoln, Logan, McClurg, MeCullough,
Morrisscy, Mungen, Newcomb, Niblack, Nunn, Per-
ham, Phelps, Pike, Pile, Polslcy, Pruyn, Randall,
Itauiii, Robertson, Kobinson, Roots, Shanks, Shel-
labarger, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stone, Thomas, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Upson, Van Acrnam, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn,
Van Trump, Van Wyck,Ward,ElihuB_.Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood,
and Woodward—83.
So the House refused to adjourn.
leave op absence.
Mr. Mercur was granted leave of absence
until Monday, Mr. Incersoll until Tuesday,
and Mr. Holman indefinitely on account of
sickness of one of his family.
order of business.
Thequestionthen recurred on Mr. Schenck's
motion to go into committee.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I rise for the purpose
of appealing to gentlemen. We do not expect
to proeeed with the tariff bill. All we wish is
to get it up and then adjourn. I ask that it be
considered as the pending question in the
committee.
Mr. FARNSWTORTH. I object.
Mr. Schenck's motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair.)
Mr. SCHENCK. I suggest that by unani-
mous consent all bills preceding the tariff bill
be considered as laid aside, and then I will
move the committee rise.
Mr. STEWART. I object.
compensation to government employes.
The next business upon the Calendar was
House joint resolution No. 245, giving addi-
tional compensation to certain employes in the
civil service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1868.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move that be laid
aside.
The motion was agreed to.
internal tax bill.
The next business on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 106) to reduce into one act and
to amend the laws relating to internal taxes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am willing that this bill
shall go over until the first week of the next
session, when I confidently expect to pass it.
No objection being made, the bill was post-
poned accordingly.
niagara falls siiii'-canal.
The next business on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 1202) to provide for the con-
struction of a ship-canal around the Falls of
Niagara.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move to lay that bill
aside.
The motion was agreed to.
tariff bill.
The next business on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 1349) to increase the revenue
from duties on imports, and tending to equalize
exports and imports.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask for the reading
of the bill.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the first read-
ing be dispensed with.
Mr. STEWART objected.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
that the further reading be dispensed with.
Mr. BROMWELL objected.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the first
reading of the bill, and then read the first para-
graph for amendment, as follows:
That from and after the passage of this act, in lieu
of the duties heretofore imposed by law on the arti-
cles hereinafter mentioned there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid on the articles herein enumerated
and provided for, imported from foreign countries,
the following specified duties and rates of duty, that
is to say: on all coppcr imported in the form of ores,
three cents on each pound of fine copper contained
therein; on all rcgulus of copper, and on all black or
coarse copper, four cents on each pound of fine cop-
per contained therein; on all old copper, fit only for
remanufacture, four cents per pound: on all copper
in plates, bars, ingots, pigs, and in other forms not
manufactured or herein enumerated, five cents per
pound.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the special order under consideration, being
House bill No. 1849, to increase the revenue
from duties on imports and tending to equalize
exports and imports, and bad come to no reso-
lution thereon.
election in virginia.
Mr. FARNSWORTH reported from the
Committee on Reconstruction a bill (IT. R. No.
1381) providing for an election in Virginia;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was reported. It provides that the
constitution adopted by the convention which
met in Richmond, Virginia, on the 3d dayof
December, 1867, be submitted for ratification
on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, the 13th,
14th, and 15th days of August, 1868, to the
voters of the State of Virginia, who shall then be
registered and qualified as such in compliance
with the acts of Congress known as the recon-
struction acts, the vote to be for and against
the constitution, the election to be held at the
same places where the election for delegates to
said convention was held, and under the regu-
lations to be prescribed by the commanding
general of the military district, and the returns
to be made to him as directed by law.
Section two provides that an election shall
be held at the same time and places for mem-
bers of the General Assembly and for all State
officers to be elected by the people under said
constitution, the election for State officers to
be conducted under the same regulations as
that for the ratification of the Constitution and
by the same persons, the returns to be made
in duplicate, one copy to the commanding
general and one to the president of said con-
vention, who shall give certificates of election
to the persons elected, the officers so elected
to enter upon the duties for which they are
chosen as soon as elected and qualified in com-
pliance with the provisions of said constitution,
and to hold their respective offices for the term
of years pi-escribed by the constitution, count-
ing from the 1st day of January next, and until
their successors are elected and qualified.
The third section provides that an election
for members of the Congress of the United
States shall be held in the congressional dis-
tricts as established by said convention, one
member of Congress being elected in the State
at large, at the same time and places as the
election for State officers, said election to be
conducted by the same persons and under the
same regulations mentioned in this act, and
the returns to be made in the same manner
provided for State officers.
The fourth section provides that no person
shall act either as a member of any board of
registration to revise and correct the registra-
tion of votes, or as a judge, commissioner, or
other officer at any election to be held under
the provisions of this act, who is a candidate
for any office at the election to be held as
herein provided for.
The fifth section provides that the General
Assembly elected under and by virtue of this
act shall assemble at the capitol in the city of
Richmond, on Tuesday, the 1st day of Sep-
tember, 18G8.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This bill is simply
to give a remedy to the people of the State of
Virginia which they can get in no other way.
Their constitutional convention provided for an
electiou and fixed the day for the election, the
election to be called and provided for by rules
and regulations to be issued by the genei.il
commanding the district. The general so com-
manding did not call the election or make any
provision for it on the day fixed, and the time
passed over. His reason for not doing so was
because there was no money appropriated for
the purpose of defraying the expenses of the
election. The time having passed, the com-
manding general thinks he has no authority to
designate a day for the election. This bill is
reported for the purpose of giving the people
of Virginia a chance to vote on their constitu-
tion. It proposes no change of the recon-
struction acts so far as registration is con-
cerned, but simply fixes the time when they
shall vote. It also provides that they may
elect officers at the same election, as the other
reconstructed States have done.
Mr. MULLINS. Does this bill state that
this election shall be held in accordance with
the provisions of the reconstruction act?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It provides that the
election shall take place in accordance with
the reconstruction acts of Congress, and that
the commanding general shall issue the need-
ful rules and regulations, as has been done in
other States.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
union pacific railroad.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and adopted:
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Interior bo
instructed to furni>li to this House a coi>y ot tuo
report of General G. M. Dodge, chief engineer ot
the Union Pacific railroad, concerning the surveys
and operations o! the company for the yearl8b7.
