1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1839
the country as to the individuals, to grant the
land. Though it is not very likely that the
soldier himself, in many cases, went to settle
upon it, his son or some connection of the
family may have done so ; or perhaps the sol-
dier sold his land warrant and received the
benefit in money.
Now, the proposition is that every man who
served for the period of three months, under
any circumstances, in a war which has no pe-
culiar recollections connected with it as being
a struggle for freedom or for the preservation
of our institutions, is to be put upon the pen-
sion-roll. Sir, I do not dread it so much for
that individual case as I do for the precedent
to be established which cannot be resisted
hereafter, and the effect of which must be to
keep this country eternally loaded with debt.
Nobody objects; it is well enough and proper
enough and right that a man who has been
disabled in the service of his country should
receive a pension. That wo all agree to; and
we pay such men in proportion to their disabil-
ity, and pay them liberally, considering all the
circumstances. But to establish the principle
that because a man has rendered military ser-
vice who is able to render it, who owes that
military service to his country, and happens to
render it at the particular time when it is
needed, he is therefore to be put on the pen-
sion-roll at a certain or uncertain period when-
ever it may suit the convenience of gentlemen
to start the idea, is to me peifectly prepos-
terous as a national undertaking or a national
principle.
It is easy for us who sit here, most of us
able to support ourselves, most of us able to
see that, so far as we are individually concerned,
we shall in all human probability get through
this world without any great suffering, and who
cannot foresee that we, ourselves, shall suffer
personally in consequence of the votes we
give—it is easy for us to give these votes; and
especially is it much easier to give a vote for a
bill like this than it is to meet at home the
question from one of those old veterans "Why
could you not give me in my old age this money
which I needed ?'' and to tell him why, and tell
him honestly why, and take the consequences ;
and not only to answer to him, but to his chil-
dren. For my part, sir, I am ready to answer
here or anywhere, to anybody, for my opposi-
tion to establishing in this country, at anytime,
a principle such as this; and more especially
at this time, when the cry of economy is ring-
ing through this Chamber from day to day
upon every little bill that comes up, and when
all know that that cry is calling to us from the
country from thousands who are absolutely
starving or next to starving; when almost all
the business of the country is in a state of con-
fusion, and when we are to have difficulty on
the principle we adopt of cutting down our
taxes in getting money enough to support the
Government. As my honorable friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, has
said, under such circumstances $2,000,000 are
to be added to our annual expenditures at a
blow, because we have not the manliness to
stand up and say that such a principle is one
that cannot be admitted in any country; and
especially a great country like ours, engaged
in the wars that we have been engaged in,
without burdening it now and hereafter in a
manner and to an extent that we shall hardly
be able to answer for.
Sir, there are some things that we cannot
do. We are apt to consider ourselves and to
vaunt ourselves as being a great people. We
are. Whether we are a wise people in all
things, perhaps, is a little more questionable;
but the idea that we can disregard long-estab-
lished principles, that we can throw overboard,
without consideration, all the rules that in
othpr great nations—because there have been
great people besides us—have been considered
essential to the management of public affairs,
and do it with impunity, simply because we
are a people pretty much all of whom vote, is
a matter that to my mind is very problem-
atical.
Sir, I agree with the Senator from Ohio in
another tiling. I do not believe this call is so
general as some suppose. I have no doubt
that some portion of these men are suffering,
but I do not believe that a larger portion of the
soldiers of the war of 1812 are suffering at
this day from the embarrassments which
attend old age and the want of property than
of other classes of the community. Is a man,
because he served three months or more in a
war, and comes out of it with honor, with un-
touched limbs, in perfect health, and with all
the experience of it, to be held forever as a
better man than everybody in the civil service,
and to be supported by his country ?
Why, sir, what did we do at the last Con-
gress? We gave away enough to build a rail-
road from here to California, in the shape of a
project to equalize bounties, as it was called,
where we did not owe a dollar. We wasted
and threw away $100,000,000. Why? Be-
cause the proposition was advanced here, and
we were afraid to vote against it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not all of us.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not all of us, but the
majority. The bill was passed by the other
House; and I was told by members of that
House—whether truly or not I do not know,
but I suppose they thought it was true—I was
told by members of that House who voted for
that bounty bill that if it had not been for the
question of votes and for fear of the effect pro-
duced by defeating it it could not have received
the support of twenty members of the House,
and I do not believe it could have received the
support of ten members in this Chamber. It
had no ground except that there was a howl
outside. By whom setup? Not by the sol-
diers themselves, but by a lot of men who es-
tablished themselves as a committee and sent
circulars over the country and got up petitions
and made a noise before Congress. I can an-
swer for my own State ; the soldiers of my
State neither knew nor cared anything about
it as a general rule and did not want it. Now,
we are to do something more in the same di-
rection, and at a time when our finances arc so
involved, at a time when wo are so much trou-
bled, that we hardly know which way to turn.
Sir, I desire to enter my protest against it.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. If the Senator will
give way—as this hill is causing discussion
which will interfere with the consideration of
other bills—I will move to postpone its fur-
ther consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, I will give
way, because I have got through. I only desire
to enter my protest against any such move-
ments as this.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. 1 will give the Sena-
tor more time for reflection. [Laughter.] I
move that the further consideration of this bill
at this time be postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
ANN CORCORAN.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate now proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 184.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 184) granting a pension to Mrs. Ann Cor-
coran, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Ann Corcoran,
widow of James Corcoran, late a private in
company G, fifth regiment New York volun-
teer infantry, on the pension-roll, at the rate
of eight dollars per month, from the 27tli of
October, 1864, to continue during her widow-
hood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MICHAEL IIE N NESS Y.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move now that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 280, granting a pension to Michael
ITennessy.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (8.
No. 280) granting a pension to Michael Hen-
nessy, of Platte county, Missouri, was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It is a direction to the Secre-
tary ofthe Interiorto place the name of Michael
Hennessy on the list of invalid pensioners, at
the rate of eight dollars per month, to com-
mence on the 1st of January, 1865, and con-
tinue during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ANNE DYCHER.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move now to pro-
ceed to the consideration ofSenate bill No. 281.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 281) granting a pension to Anne Dycher,
widow of Matthew D. Dycher, was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the the Whole. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Anno Dycher, widow of Matthew D. Dycher,
late a sergeant in company M, first regiment
New York cavalry volunteers, on the pension-
roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence on the 1st of April, 18C4, and con-
tinue during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ANNIE E. DIXON.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 282.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 282) granting a pension to Annie E. Dixon,
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee ofthe Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Interior to place upon the
pension-roll the name of Annie E. Dixon,
widow of Henry T. Dixon, late a major and
assistant paymaster in the volunteer service of
the United States, and to pay her a pension of
twenty-five dollars per month from the passage
of this act, to continue during her widowhood.
The bill was repotted to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ANN KELLY.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move now to take
up for consideration Senate bill No. 291.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill (S.
No. 291) granting a pension to Ami Kelly,
widow of Bernard Kelly, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Secretary ofthe Interior
to place the name of Ann Kelly, widow of
Bernard Kelly, late a private in company I,
thirteenth New York heavy artillery volun-
teers, on the pension-roll, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence on the loth
of May, 1804, and to continue during her
widowhood.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Pensions if the
persons for whose benefit these bills are being
passed were soldiers in the Army, or the widows
or children of soldiers?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Yes; sir.
Mr. GRIMES. We have just passed one,
the case of Dixon, who was not so. I remem-
ber it was a case that was controverted last
year. It turns out that he was murdered, but
was not in the Army at the time.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That bill
is not before the Senate now.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. There are printed re-
ports in all these cases, which can be read if
any Senator desires to hear them.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARIA IIAFTERY.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 292.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 292) granting a pension to Maria Raftery
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
