1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
2863
-Mr. STEWART. This is what I wished to
call the attention of the Senator from New Jer-
sey to: in our original reconstruction bill we
provided that no State should be admitted
until the constitutionalamendmentwas ratified.
Now, we provide in this bill for the coming in
of several of these States. In view of our hav-
ing that provision in the reconstruction law,
Ohio and New Jersey attempted to withdraw
their assent to the amendment. I suppose
they will say it would be bad faith to let them
in after they had withdrawn their assent. We
also provided that in the State of Alabama
there should be a majority of the registered
votes cast. The object of that was to secure
such an expression of opinion as would guar-
anty to us that they could maintain a repub-
lican government. Now, it appears that the
Democrats, or the rebels, or the Conservatives
of Alabama undertook, not to withdraw their
assent to the constitutional amendment, but
they undertook, by force of their local organi-
zation, to withdraw votes from the ballot-box,
to prevent men from going to the polls by the
use of the revolver and the bowie-knife. They
interfered with the election to the utmost of
their ability. Then there were very severe
storms in several counties, which prevented
any election in them. And yet when we come
to sum up we find that in the State there is a
larger vote, in proportion to the whole number
registered, for the constitution than in almost
any other State; I do not know but that it is
the largest of any State, in proportion to the
number of votes registered.
Thus it has shown a capacity to sustain a
republican government equal to the other
States ; and our good faith, I think, is not vio-
lated toward those men who sought by violence
to prevent the adoption of the constitution—
those men who formerly attempted to destroy
the government and are still unwilling that
it should be restored. If we ever do restore
these governments we have got to do it in
spite of those men. If there is any restoration
at all, it has got to be done in spite of those
men, for they have arrayed themselves against
any restoration of this government unless it
can be done in their way. They have told
you to your iace that they would not come into
the Union unless they dictated the terms. You
.submitted to them a constitutional amendment,
which was so generous that it astonished man-
kind, but they hurled it back at you. They
have consented to nothing but to have their
own wayand dictate terms totheUnited States.
That is the only compromise that they have
proposed. They have proposed nothing else,
will propose nothing else.
Sir, I am tired of submitting to them our
policy or advising with them how we shall
restore the Union when their object is to keep
the Union dissolved, keep it broken up, and
ours to restore it; and it we do it at all we
must do it by cooperating with our friends.
The loyal people of the United States have
taken upon themselves the mission of preserv-
ing this Union by destroying the rebellion by
the strong arm of this Government. They
crushed the rebellion. They then took upon
themselves the task of restoring this Union
upon the basis of loyalty. But the men who
drove the loyal voters from the polls in Ala-
bama do not propose to have this Union
restored on any terms but their own.
The Republican and Union men in Alabama
having shown that they have a sufficient num-
ber to maintain a Union government there, I
say restore them at once, ft is not worth while
to split hairs about it. They are in as good
condition as the others. Why have half a dozen
bills? Each bill must be discussed. Let us
have Florida, Alabama, and all the rest in this
bill; let it be vetoed; and let us have but one
discussion upon the veto message. _ If we pass
separate bills for each State, it will take all
summer. They want restoration at once.
They want to get established governments as
soon as possible. This suspense is ruining
them. This suspen'se, this uncertainty, this
condition of chaos and want of law is breed-
ing anarchy, discord, and is breaking and
destroying the Union sentiment every day.
They have fought gallantly for restoration, and
all it is necessary for us now to do is to extend
to them the hand of fellowship and friendship,
and we shall strengthen their hearts and make
them strong. Let them know that they have
friends in this Capitol who will espouse their
cause while they contend for the Union, and
it will make them strong; but if we stay here
and quibble upon technicalities while the rebels
are in full charge, while local rebel govern-
ments, hostile to the Union, are displaying
their venom and their hostility in the most
cruel and oppressive manner, if we stand still
and let our friends be destroyed until we have
no Union party at all there, upon us will be
the sin of having failed to do our whole duty.
Sir, I am for restoration now upon a loyal
basis that seems certain to stand. It is the
only one we can ever have. I believe it is one
which has as much vitality and is as purely
republican, every man having the chance to
protect himself by the ballot as any other. I
am, therefore, in favor of putting in the bill
all these Slates, and passing the bill at once.
Mr. HOWAKD. Air. President, I do not
think, under the circumstances, it would be
prudent to insert Alabama in this present bill,
for various reasons, all of which I shall not
now undertake to set forth. The intimations
which are made in this Chamber that by reject-
ing Alabama, or delaying her readinission into
the Union under her present constitution, we
are committing an act of bad faith is entirely
unfounded. 1 repel all such suggestions. We
have proceeded in perfect good faith, both
toward Alabama and the other rebel States.
We have said to Alabama in plain, clear terms,
in our act of last March a year ago:
" That if, according to said returns [that is, the
returns of the election on the question ot ratifying
the new constitution] the constitution shall be rati-
fied by a majority ot the votes of the-registered elect-
ors qualified as herein specified, cast at said elec-
tion, at least one half of all the registered voters
voting upon the question of such ratification, the
president of the convention shall transmit a copy of
the same, duly certified, to thelfresident of the Uni-
ted States, who shall forthwith transmit the same to
Congress, if then in session, and if not in session,
then immediately upon its next assembling; and if
it shall, moreover, appear to Congress that the elec-
tion was one at which all the registered and qualified
electors in the State had an opportunity to vote freely
and without restraint, fear, or the influence of fraud,
and if the Congress shall be satisfied that such con-
stitution meets the approval ot a majority of all the
qualified electors in the State, and if the said consti-
tution shall be declared by Congress to be in con-
formity with the provisions of the act to which this
is supplementary, and the other provisions of said act
shall have been complied with, and the said consti-
tution shall be approved by Congress, theState shall
be declared entitled to representation."
Now, when gentlemen look at that statute
which Congress passed declaring that this right
of readmission might be suspended still further
unless Congress should be satisfied that the
new constitution had been approved by a ma-
jority of all the registered voters, and then look
at the returns made to us from Alabama, they
will discover that a majority of the qualified
and registered voters have not approved of that
constitution; not one half of the registered
voters have voted on the question of the ratifi-
cation of that constitution. General Meade,
in his report, assures us that the deficiency
amounts to eight thousand one hundred and
fourteen votes.
The theory of our reconstruction acts has
been that whenever it should appear that a
majority of all the qualified voters of a rebel
State were in favor of readmission into the
Union and had complied with the terms men-
tioned in the reconstruction acts, the State
should be readmitted. And until the passage
of the act of last spring allowing a majority of
voters actually depositing their votes upon the
question ot ratification to control the question,
Congress steadily pursued the old theory of
not reestablishing State governments there
unless a majority of the electors desired it.
That has been my ground from the bfeginning.
I recollect very well that at an early day, when
it was proposed in the Senate to readmit the
States of Louisiana and Arkansas into the
Union upon the basis that one tenth of their
old voting population had voted for a new con-
stitution, I opposed it, and opposed'it upon the
general principle that a government founded
upon the will of a mere minority, and not, upon
the will of a majority, is a very insecure and
unsatisfactory style of government. I think
so still; but I say this without committing
myself at all on the question of voting for or
against the admission of Alabama under her
present constitution. I desire a little more
time to look into the question and to inform
myself of the real state of things there.
Now, sir, this principle of establishing a
State government upon the votes of a minority
you may be quite sure will be one which will
be objected to and resisted by some person or
persons out of this Chamber. Suppose we pass
this bill with Alabama in, and it goes to the
President and he returns it with his objections,
basing his veto upon the single ground that
this government of Alabama is not upheld by
the votes of a majority of the people entited to
vote. That would be a very plausible and
strong objection; and I predict there may
possibly be found in this Chamber mfcmbers
enough who would refuse to pass the bill over
the veto to secure its failure : at least I fear it,
and I think we ought not to run any such haz-
ard. Let us take up the case of Alabama in a
separate bill; let it rest upon its own merits,
and let us have a full and free discussion of all
the facts connected with the recent election.
If, after such examination, it shall appear that
everything is perfectly fair, and that this con-
stitution is acceptable to a majority of the
electors of that State, I shall probably vote'for
it; but, under present circumstances, I would
prefer to take a little more time to consider
the question.
Sir, we do not need Alabama for the pur-
pose of ratifying the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of the United States. Twenty-
three of tlie loyal States have already formally,
legally, and constitutionally ratified that amend-
ment, which, in my view, is the greatest se-
curity that we have. Hook upon it as important
beyond expression. We need five States more
in order to secure the three fourths for the
ratification of that amendment. This bill re-
admits into Congress North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, and Florida,
which make up the number of twenty-eight
States, or three fourths of the whole number of
States ; and if these States, under this bill now
before us, shall ratify that amendment it be-
comes to all intents and purposes, and beyond
all doubt, cavil, or discussion, a part of the
Constitution of the United States. The doubt
which has so painfully rested upon the minds
of men, both here and throughout the country,
will then have been removed, and we shall be
able to say positively, and beyond all uncer-
tainty, that the fourteenth article is a part of
the Constitution.
While 1 am on the subject of the ratification
of the fourteenth article, Mr. President, I beg
to be indulged in saying a word further. It is
my private opinion, my private judgment, after
a tolerably careful and thorough examination
of the legal questions arising, that this amend-
ment is already part and paicel of the Consti-
tution, it having been ratified by more than
three fourths of the States recognized as being
in the Union and participating in our legis-
lation. I hold that when the rebel States
passed their ordinances of secession, withdrew
from all participation in tlie legislation of Con-
gress, formed a new government alien and for-
eign to the Government of the United States
and hostile to it, and made actual war upon
the Government of the United States, they
forfeited and lost all their political rights a^Per
the Constitution of the United States, -'•hey
could not after that, and during the pendency
of the war, appeal to the Constitution lor any
purpose whatever. They had no right to claim
anything under it. They had no right to set it
up for any purpose whatever where their own
political interests were concerned. In short,
they had lost all their political rights under
