456
The congressional globe.
January 11,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
allow us to take a vote on this bill. I think
debate is about exhausted on it.
Mr. HOWARD. I think there is no proba-
bility that a vote can be taken very soon on
this bill. I judge from the aspect of affairs
that it will occupy a good deal of time in dis-
cussion. I feel bound, therefore, to press the
motion to go into executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that^if in ten or fifteen minutes debate
springs up, I shall not then resist his motion,
but I hope to be able to get the bill off my
hands. 1 think thedebate on it is exhausted.
Mr. HOWARD. Under ordinary circum-
stances I should be very happy to yield to the
Senator,but as matters are now situated I think
we had better go into executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business.
After three and a half hours spent in execu-
tive session, the doors were reopened and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 11, 18G8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
laws of arizona.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
laws of the Territory of Arizona; which were
referred to the Committee on the Territories.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the
■president's annual message.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Baldwin] is entitled to
the floor.
human rights and human races.
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. Chairman, the other
day I listened with attention to that speech of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
on the negro and the influence of the negro
race. I admired his eloquence and his genius
for romance; but I saw with irrepressible won-
der the audacity with which he challenged the
light of this nineteenth century and defied the
grandest influence of modern civilization.
The doctrines he put forth brought to mind
those ancient geological formations in which
are preserved the fossil remains of strange and
monstrous creatures that once had life, but
lived so far away in the deeps of geological
antiquity that we cannot even think with steady
nerves of the distance between their age and
ours. For a moment the gentleman's voice
seemed to have magnetized those old fossils
and brought them forth from the rocks, and
that troops of ugly things from the myste-
rioos Silurian ages, revived to an hour of life,
were crawling about this Hall and repeating
the cries of primeval savagery which they
called music.
This illusion, however, was soon dispelled by
the conviction that I was accusing- ancient
times unjustly. In such records of antiquity
as remain for our perusal there is no account
of any age or of any people where doctrines
so revolting to reason ana justice found hospi-
tality. Some of the ancients, whose poetry
was better than their geography, and whose
aptitude for romance was greater than their
knowledge of unvisited and uncomprehended
conntries, were accustomed to spread a veil
of mystery over some distant lands and people
them with anthropophagi—one-eyed giants—
and other inhuman creations of fancy. But
they never denied the human nature of men
j actually under their observation. Even those
described by their prejudice as " outside bar-
barians" were men like themselves, though
not of their own select community. It never
occurred to them to deny the identity of human
nature in all races and all peoples. It was
left for North American slavery to produce
this remarkable blossom of ethnology, which,
having perfumed so many funeral orations on
the dead barbarism, will, of course, be used
as a device for its tomb. And how appropri-
ate, if the gentleman from New York shall be
engaged to write under it this epitaph :
Our lord and master, buried here, taught us that
the nesro, brother of the gorilla, has no rights that
white men are bound to respect.
The most striking characteristic of the gen-
tleman's argument appears in the facility with
which it uses false assumptions as facts, and
thus fails to meet the questions actually before
the country.
1. In the first place, it seems necessary to
remind the gentleman that the question pre-
sented in these discussions is not a question
concerning the equality or the inequality of
human races, nor of different classes and fam-
ilies in the same race. No, Mr. Chairman; it
is a question concerning human rights. It
I calls on us to decide whether men shall be
equal before the law and have equality in their
relations to the Government of their country.
It requires us to consider and to say in our
legislation whether rights are the exclusive
inheritance of particular races and classes or
whether they belong equally to all men. In
some other respects men differ. Tbey are not
all equally wise and good. Some are ignorant;
others are enlightened. They differ in natural
gifts, in acquirements, in social conditions, and
in their uses of life. Every civilized commu-
nity is a mosaic in which these differences are
represented. Our political fathers, in the great
Declaration, do not say or mean that all men
are equal to Shakspeare in poetic genius ; but
they do mean and say that the most imperial
intellect has no more rights before the law than
the humblest. It is this question of rights that
we have under consideration, and the gentle-
man's argument must not put it aside.
2. In the second place, it seems necessary
to remind him that we are not now consider-
ing the policy of importing Africans into the
United States to become a part of our popu-
I lation. This is no longer an open question.
; They have already been brought into the coun-
j try by the slave system. They are here, and
tliey have been here since the time of the first
English settlements. No man on this side of
the question we discuss will bless that day in
1620 — a dark day in our colonial history—
when a Dutch man-of-war began the importa-
tion by landing African slaves at Jamestown.
Nevertheless, they are here. With blood no
longer entirely African, and generally with
no resemblance to that masterpiece of genius,
the gentleman's portrait of the " Congo negro,"
they are now as much a part of the native pop-
ulation of the country as any portion of the
Anglo-Saxon race. It is a fact accomplished ;
and the question is, how shall we deal with it?
And yet everything in the gentleman's argu-
ment assumes, or is baseless without the as-
sumption, that people of the African race are
now for the first time to be brought into such
association with the white race of the country
as makes possible the depraving consequences
of miscegenation, which endanger society.
_ 3: But, in the third place, the most auda-
cious assumption of his argument is that which
finds the danger of a degrading mixture of
races, and along with it social and national
ruin, in justice to the negro race—and not
in that relation of the races created by the
oppressions and degradations of the slave sys-
tem—in that policy which respects the negro's
rights, trains him to self-respect, and elevates
him to a higher condition of intelligence and
manly character, and not in that which de-
grades him, takes away his rights, and makes
him the prey o.f every form of lawless passion.
And yet the gentleman cannot be unaware
(although his argument forgets it) that, so far
as experience and the lessons of history go,
whatever danger of debasement to either race
there may be in the presence of that race here,
with no other country but this, lies wholly in
the policy he would establish, whether it be to
restore slavery or to hold the colored people
imprisoned in society as serfs and helots, which
means the same thing. The gentleman is bold-
bold enough to think he may scare men from
doing justice by portraying the consequences
of injustic^ind hinder admiration for equality
: before the law by pointing out the ruinous
consequences of oppression; but I think he
is not bold enough to deny the fatal facility
with which the mixture of races goes on under
the slave system, where the lawless and base
find crime made easy and are secured against
many of its inconveniences; nor to call in
question the fact that oppression endangers
society by degrading both the oppressor and
his victims. Jefferson pointed out how cer-
tainly the system of oppression tends to de-
struction by its influence on both races and
; by its fatal repression of industrial and social
i prosperity; and the painful lessons of expe-
rience do not allow us to deny it. It is high
time to profit by these lessons and try a more
,, excellent way.
Let the gentleman come back to the ques-
tions under consideration and give-his attention
to the fact that we propose to fling into the rub-
bish of the ages the doctrines, policy, and ma-
chinery of oppression, and try what virtue there
is in our national faith in human rights—a faith
inherited from the fathers, but which we have
not fully realized in our institutions.
Some gentlemen talk on the subject as if
this comprehensive faith in human rights were
new; as if it was-something unprecedented in
human thought. Mr. Chairman, the doctrine
that human rights are the birth-right of human
nature is as old as the warfare of liberty and
equality against the party of caste and privi-
lege. It is not long since it was held by the -
ruling class everywhere that the world belonged
to monarchs and aristocrats, and that the great
mass of mankind, without distinction of race
or color, existed only for Jheir use and support.
The privileged few held the people as slaves,
serfs, or base-born subjects, with no fitness for
political rights, and no claim to relief from the
despotism of their hereditary masters. But the
protest of human nature and the divine ideas
that direct the influence of modern civilization
have wrought a change and extended the recog-
nition of human rights. In Europe serfdom has
disappeared; the prestige of hereditary des-
potism is departing ; the people are rising and
becoming a power that makes thrones tremble,
shakes the foundations of arrogant aristocra-
cies, and fills thecircles of privilege with dismay.
Undoubtedly it seems to conservative de-
fenders of hereditary usurpation very terrible
to see the sansculottes, the low-born mass of
mankind, the people of the nations, not only
demanding their rights but actually coming
into power, and preparing a new political con-
dition of the world, where, in the coming ages,
the old doctrines and machinery of oppres-
sion will be studied only as moldering relics,
mementoes of an age that cannot return.
Even the ruling aristocracy of Great Britain,
the most arrogant ruling class in Europe,
standing in their power above the throne itself,
shudder at the terrible earnestness with which
their hereditary prerogatives are assailed;
while the crown itself is beginning to be dis-
cussed as a worthless bauble, by that growing
popular agitation, that uprising of the people,
which will have manhood suffrage and polit-
ical equality or revolution.
The gentleman from New York is an accom-
plished master of rhetoric; but in his most
scornful utterances of loathing and contempt
for those whose rights he would trample under
foot, he cannot exeeed the expression df scorn
