2864
■ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June^s,
it by becoming hostile to it and occupying an
attitude of belligerency to the United States,
It is impossible between belligerents that one
belligerent can claim political rights as against
the other while waging war against that other.
The idea is incompatible with a state of war.
All the political rights of the one belligerent
party, when it is conquered and subdued by the
other, pass into the hands and possession of
the conqueror, and after that the conquered
party possesses only such rights as the pre-
vailing party may see fit of its own grace and
favor to allow. If this be true doctrine, if
the political rights of the rebel States were
actually forfeited and terminated, or, in other
words, if those rights had passed over to the
conqueror, the United States, and into the
hands of this Government, then surely they
have had no right to participate in the ratifica-
tion of the fourteenth amendment of the Con-
stitution, and cannot have it until it shall have
been allowed by Congress; and when three
fourths of the remaining loyal States formally
ratified that amendment, it became to all
intents and purposes part of the Constitution
of the United States, and is now binding upon
us, and upon the rebel States.
This, however, Mr. President, is rather an
abstract question. It is one which publicists
and lawyers may very properly busy themselves
in discussing; but such are my opinions. At
the same time I am bound to say I should feel
extremely reluctant to leave this question to
be decided by a court of a rebel State. 1 should
feel very insecure; I should fear a southern
court, made up of southern judges, or imbued
with southern secession opinions, might de- j
clare that such a ratification by the loyal States j
was not sufficient, and that, therefore, it had j
never become apart of the Constitution. For
the purpose, then, of removing all doubt, all
uncertainty from the public mind, as well as i
the mind of the courts, I think our best policy
is to do all in our power to secure the"full three
fourths of the States of the United States upon
this question of ratification. We may do it by
passing this bill with Florida in, and leaving
Alabama for future consideration ; I hope we
shall do so, because I fear that if we retain
Alabama in the bill, we shall in the end regret
it; we shall have trouble, and we may possibly
fail, to pass the bill at all at the present session
of Congress.
Mr. B UCKALEW. Mr. President, I think
it would have been very well when Congress
adopted the idea of reorganizing the southern
States if they had framed a form of a State
constitution, enacted it into a law, and sent
it down into each one of these States as a
standard of government provisionally, and then
waited until they were certain in the case of
each of these States that they would vote
right politically in the elections of 18C8 before
receiving Representatives from them into the
Senate and House. That would have been
a simple and intelligible plan of action. That
plan would have avoided the enormous ex-
penditure which has been incurred in recon-
struction, and it would, in my judgment, have
produced more of quiet and contentment in
the southern States themselves ; and in the
end we should probably have reached about
the same result which we will now reach by
circuitous, by indirect, by doubtful, and, I may
add, odious means.
Now, sir, I listened to the Senator from
Ohio tliis morning, and received from him
instruction upon this business of reconstruc-
tion which I consider valuable. It was addi-
tional to information which I possessed before.
I understand from his argument that where an
election return comes to us showing upon its
face the adoption of a constitution, we are to
take that; we are to hold that as good in case
it accomplishes the object desired. Thus, in
the ease of Arkansas, where we can have no
moral doubt that the constitution was in fact
rejected by many thousand votes, in my opin-
ion by at least ten thousand, but where, upon
the face of a return, there was an apparent
majority of thirteen hundred, we were to accept
that. We did accept it; we refused to go be-
hind it; we refused to strike off even the two
thousand surplus votes which were taken under
no law, under no pretense of law, I venture to
say, because the act of March 11 was not at-all
complied with in any essential respect. We
disregarded all objection to those votes. We
accepted the face of the return, and the bill
was passed by the Senate to admit the State to
representation in Congress.
Now, Alabama comes up with a return the
other way. The military authorities under
whom this election was held have certified to
us returns which show that the new constitu-
tion was rejected under the law, and rejected
for want of the polling of some eight thousand
votes. On this occasion the Senator from Ohio
wants to go beyond the return, and he proposes
upon vague, general, ex parte affidavits and'
statements recited here in the Senate to lay the
foundation for a grave legislative act of admis-
sion. What is the reason fortius? Because
he wants the State in: because he desires that
it shall be admitted to representation in the
two Houses of Congress upon grounds entirely
independent of the question of whether it was
or was not accepted by the people of thatState.
Mr. President, what are the facts in regard
to Alabama? An election was ordered. When
the time came it was said that storms were
preventing many of those who desired to vote
on the constitution from voting. It was known
that those opposed to it would not vote at all,
because that action or non-action was invited
from them by the act of Congress. By mili-
tary order the election was extended another
day; and then, upon another appeal made, the
election was still further extended, and it was
held upon five successive days. The State
was, from one end to the other, so far as the
military authorities and those who acted in
concert, with them were concerned, scoured
for votes, and all were obtained that possibly
could be, not upon a single day, nor upon two
days, but upon five days. And yet, after all,
a minority only of registered persons voted in
that State. I have seen published statements
as strong as those to which the Senator from
Ohio has referred bearing in exactly the oppo-
site direction to that to which his statements
incline—statements thattliere were large frauds
committed in the State; that a very consider-
able number of the votes in favor of this consti-
tution, included in the returns sent to us, were
not, in fact, given by honest voters of the State.
General Meade, as I understand, has said, in an
official communication, that in his judgment
it was not expedient to admit this State under
the circumstances; and that was the conclu-
sion in the House of Representatives when this
subject was up some time since and was con-
sidered there. The House then refused to
admit the State; and, in fact, they passed a
bill providing for a provisional State govern-
ment and sent it over to us, and it remains here
in the Senate, subject to our future consider-
ation.
Mr. President, the Senator from Ohio uses
sharp language in speaking of those opposed
to the constitution. He speaks of their bad
conduct, their improper conduct regarding the
election upon the constitution. Sir, there is
no ground for his complaint. Congress passed
a bill providing clearly that those in favor of
the constitution should vote at the election,
and that those opposed to the constitution need
not vote. They might exercise their right to
withhold their votes or to poll them according
to their own free judgment. Those in tavor
of the constitution did go to the election and
did vote; those opposed remained at home
and they induced all they could to remain at
home. It is very likely that in certain cases
improper influence was exerted or exercised
to prevent persons from going to the election
and voting in favor of the constitution : and
upon the other hand, illegitimate and improper
influences'no doubt were exerted to secure
votes for the constitution. But we know that
the elections were held by officials wb® were
favorable to the adoption of the constitution.
So far as votes were .taken, all the presump-
tions are against there having been any fraud*
ulent votes polled at that election in hostility
to the constitution. Whatever of illegitimate
and improper voting was permitted at that-
election was unquestionably upon the side
which favored the constitution, and not npoti.
the side which opposed it..
Now, sir, whether this pending amendment
be adopted or not, is from my point of view
not a very material or very interesting question.
I thought at one time I would vote in favor
of it, because I can draw no distinction be-
tween this ease and the case of Arkansas which
was considered the other day, or upon princi-
ple between this case and the case of South
Carolina. I consider that all these State con- ;
stitutions and State organizations which are
proposed to be set up, rest upon the legislation1
of Congress, and that all this business ot regis-
tration and voting in the South is mere form
without substance; and therefore, sir. as I said
before,.I believe that the simple, frank, and
manly manner to have proceeded in this busi-
ness of reconstruction, was for Congress to
have enacted the form of a State constitution, at
any rate for temporary purposes ; to have im-
posed it; to have required that elections should
be held under its conditions, and to have held
these States with firm hand under such organ- -
ization until the political majority in Congress
were satisfied to admit Senators and Repre-
sentatives from them into Congress.
I consider that the whole proceeding by which
it has been attempted to give a popular sane-
; tion in the South to the governments set up
j there is a deception and a sham, and 1 believe
that most of our difficulties and debates m the
j two Houses of Congress arise from the fact
i that reconstruction has been attempted upon
| the principle that Congress shall control it,
! while at the same time it has been sought to
j give it an odor of popularity by some assent,
j or assumed assent of the people in those States.
! Sir, if you had an honest election in any one
! State of the South, take South Carolina for
j instance; if you had your military power
withdrawn from such State, your F'reedmen's
Bureau organization withdrawn from suehState,
and then if you even permitted all the male
inhabitants therein over twenty-one years of
age to vote, free from foreign interference, free ,
from dictation, free from the pressure of con-
gressional power, I do not believe you would
get from such State a political organization such
as you desire.
On reflection I believe I shall vote against
j this amendment because I suppose my vote in.
| its favor would not be understood, and because
; it is perfectly clear that a majority of the
| people of Alabama, even of those who are
I included in the registration lists, have refused
i to vote for this new constitution and State-gov-
| ernment proposed to them by their constitu-
; tutional convention.
Mr. CONKLING-. Mr. President, tho mo-
I tion to include Alabama in this bill proceeds
from an undoubted friend of reconstruction ;
\ and yet I am persuaded that the motion is not
I in the true interest of reconstruction as to the
remaining States named here, nor even as to
, Alabama herself, i venture to make this sug-
1 gestion to the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, because in the main I agree with
!. him; and, in committee, there is no impro-
|! priety, I think, in my saying that 1 voted to
j retain and include Alabama among tiie States
ji to be admitted by this bill. The friends of
i reconstruction, however, in the J udiciary Com-
| mittee, and the friends of reconstruction m the
j: Senate, are dividedas to Alabama, divided upon
!, the question of the right of Alabama to resto-
j, ration upon the constitution tormed and the
|. vote cast, and divided also upon the minor
I, question of the best way to treat Alabama,
! the best form ui which to put her, assuming
j; that Alabama is to be dealt with now,
i[ Mr. President, it is idle to deny that this
j; State does present a special case. At the
j' time when the vote wits cast and the constita-
il tion was formed, the law proviled that some-
