1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457
which British T ories have always bestowed upon
the plebeian millions of British subjects whom
they have excluded from political rights and
trodden into the dust. Nevertheless, he estab-
lishes a right to be classed as their political
brother ; but in this Republic and-in presence
of our national ideas his method of inculcat-
ing the doctrines of class-privilege and despot-
ism is necessarily different. There are men
on his side of the question who have so un-
learned reverence. for republican institutions
and ideas as to talk of them with disgust and
sigh for a monarchy with orders of hereditary
nobility. These men are consistent. Their
transformation is the logical result of their
doctrines. But he takes another course.
Thinking of his constituents and of his own
accustomed views of republicanism he does
not allow himself to talk of excluding from
political rights even the most ignorant and
brutal white man. If he should propose to
guard the ballot by some exclusion of igno-
rance or baseness, made without regard to race
or class, candid men would listen to him and
discuss that proposition. But with him white
men are the privileged class, endowed with
divine right to scorn and oppress the African
race; and to justify this denial of rights he
goes further, and denies that negroes belong
in the same way as white men to the human
race, associating them rather with the orang,
the chimpanzee, and the gorilla.
The men who fought the battles of the Revo-
lution and laid the foundations of this Republic
would have spurned this atrocious doctrine with
horror, as an ugly thing from the pit of dark-
ness. Mr. Chairman, recall for a moment that
august assembly of the fathers who framed and
put forth thegreat Declaration of Independence.
Those were men whose memory comes to our
thoughts associated with the influence of all
that is bright and grand in nature ; with every-
thing that inspires joy, faith, courage, and aspi-
ration ; in all that constitutes the noblest man-
hood those were men of lordly stature. They
were great in character, great in ideas, great in
their dauntless faith in human rights. Imagine
the gentleman from New York in that assembly
at the moment of its gravest deliberation, when
every heart thrilled with the purpose to have
liberty or death ; imagine him there, moving to
amend the first line of the Declaration by
inserting the word "white" before "men,"
and then proceeding to deliver his speech on
the negro ! Oh, we can imagine a fallen angel
breaking in upon the worship of Paradise !
If he could have been there to make that
attempt, sudden lightning from the eyes around
him would have struck him speechless and para-
lyzed the blood in his veins.
There is no other calumny so black with false-
hood or that so completely beggars expression in
the attempt to describe it as that which has
sought to make the fathers responsible for the
doctrine that'' negroes have no rights white men
are bound to respect." They studied the negro
race quite as thoughtfully as the gentleman
from New York. Moreover, the blood of the
race at that time was more purely African than
now, which, on the principle he assumes, made
the case against the negro much stronger.
Nevertheless, in their view the colored people
of the nation, both slave and free, belonged to
the human race and had human rights. They i
held that slavery violated these rights, and
they expected to see it disappear, to fade away,
as one speaker said in the Convention, " until it
should not be seen even as a speck on the land."
They ordained its exclusion from the Terri-
tories, and would not allow the word "slave"
to be written in the Federal Constitution.
I hey held that free colored men, like free
white men, were citizens; and in nearly all the
States free colored men were allowed to vote.
The men of that age had eyes to see the iden-
tity of human nature in all races, and they
would not allow it to be denied either in their
speech or their political creeds. Southern feel-
ing on this question of human rights at a later
period was expressed in this House by John
Randolph of Roanoke, when he said with magr
netic earnestness—
"I envy neither the head nor the heart of that
northern man who can defend slavery on principle."
And Thomas Jefferson! Who that has read
in his Notes on Virginia the passages concern-
ing slavery has failed to be impressed by the
earnestness of his oonvictipn that slavery was
a violation of human rights, of the rights not
only of men bat -of "citizens," as he ex-
presses it in one paragraph. He says:
I "With what execrations should tho statesman be
loaded who, permitting one half of the citizens to
I trample on the rights of the other, transforms those
into despots and these into enemies, destroys the
I morals of the one part and the amor patritz of the
other."
Again:
"Can the liberties of a nation be thought secure—
when we have removed their only firm basis—a con-
viction in the minds of the people-that these liber-
ties are the gift of God; that they are not to be vio-
lated but with His wrath? Indeed, I tremble formy
country whenr* reflect that God is just; that His
justice cannot sleep forever." ^
Jefferson trembled to see human nature vio-
lated in the negro race. The gentleman from
New York trembles to hear that the negro has
a proper human nature. Jefferson trembled to
see the God-given rights of man struck down in
that race fry the slave system. The gentleman
from New York shudders to hear us maintain
that negroes have such rights. Jefferson trem-
bled to see the basis of liberty undermined and
the wrath of Heaven provoked by removing
from the minds of the people the conviction
that the human rights of the African, like those
of the Anglo-Saxon, are God-given rights.
The gentleman from New York trembles at )
the mention of such a conviction; talks as if
it were the arch enemy of civilization; and he 1
would exterminate it utterly. |
There is a wide difference between these two. 1
It is the whole difference between right and '
wrong; or, which ia the same thing, between I
the reverent justice of a genuine Democrat in j
thought and feeling and the stubborn unreason
he strives to overcome. There is a great lesson !
here, a "lesson for the day;" and whoever j
studies it carefully will see the immeasurable
distance between Thomas Jefferson and cer- i
tain Democrats of our time by whom he is '
feloniously claimed as their political father.
The gentleman warned us with Cassandra*
like earnestness against influences—always
from the negro race—that have ruined other
peoples, and may ruin us. It is patriotic to
watch and guard against danger to the nation
with a sensitiveness that can feel the first touch
of its influence. Has he always performed this
duty with fidelity ? Can he point out any other
influence so deadly in its assaalt on the Re-
public as that which, after the fathers had
passed away, made slavery a political power;
and worked like the serpent in paradise to
bring the whole Republic to swear by its teach-
ings and worship its image? It came upon the
mind and heart of the country like a pestilence
walking in darkness. It transformed thought,
feeling, and doctrine, until men rose, claiming
to represent the communities in which they
lived, and shouted with passionate arrogance
that the old doctrines were false, and that the
slave power should rule the nation or ruin it.
Here was a danger tocngage the deepest anxiety
of patriotism. And where were those whose
partisan zeal now wails so eloquently over im-
agined disasters to flow from justice to the Afri-
can race? Were they alarmed by this great
danger to the country—this audacious invasion
of its ideas and institutions? No! Mr. Chair-
] man; they were bending low in servility to the
j barbarism that sought to be king; they were
| breaking down the old purpose to exclude slav-
j ery from the Territories; they were putting the
word "white" into their State constitutions;
they were howling curses at honest men who
dared to point out the danger and denounce
the cause of it. And at length, when the slave
power's "confederacy" of treason appeared
in arms to revolutionize the Republic or destroy
it, some of these men maintained allegiance to
its leaders by opposing, denouncing, and seek-
ing to baffle measures employed by the Gov-
ernment to crush this rebellion. Was this
patriotic concern for the welfare of the coun-
try ? And now, as if to show how profoundly
and ineradicably they had suffered, not a
- . , . " Sea change
•Into something rich and strange"—
but such a transformation as nothing but the
slave power and partisan passion combined
was able to produce, they work on in the same
service, seeking to rebuild their old political
temple on the old foundations, by appealing to
prejudice, stupidity, madness, and the whole
heartless and brainless tribe of unreason,
against measures that aim to guard the country
against its destroyers, by affirming the atrocity
of treason, the "divinity of justice, and the
sacredness of human rights.
, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman's speech was
very remarkable in another respect. He re-
cited a romance worthy of the "Thousand
and One Nights" concerning powerful civili-
zations and peoples which, he says, were in-
gulfed in the negro race. The Mahometan
Arabs, the rude Semites of the Hedjaz, among
whom the Mahometan fanaticism originated,
are enhaloaj with the splendor of an imperial
civilization belonging to other peoples, and then
brought down "from their exalted position"
by mixture with '' inferior and degraded races''
in northern Africa. The Turks are going to
ruin and darkness under the mighty conse-
quences of miscegenation with negro eunuchs.
The Spanish ravagers of Mexico and Peru
went to hopeless degradation through asso-
ciation with the old races of those countries.
It was an exciting story, a masterly work of
fiction; but he studiously omitted the fact that
wherever history actually shows us people of
the negro race in close relations with the races
described in his romance they usually appear
as slaves. What slavery does for a nation can
be learned without traveling back into the past
or leaving our own country.
I had supposed, Mr. Chairman, that the
Turkish race since its first appearance in
Europe had been associated with peoples and
races quite equal to its old associations in Asia,
and that the failure of its civilization to ad-
vance like that of Christian nations was owing
to causes very different from any influence
of race. But I forbear to press this point.
The gentleman reveals a mystery before which
I recoil. He tells us that he himself has seen
in Constantinople a bevy of beautiful Cir-
cassians and Georgians actually kissing the
eunuch's hand. Therefore I will not venture
to deny that the eastern "sick man" has been
maimed, poisoned, and brought to a dying
condition by the terrible progeny of negro
eunuchs.
In Northern Africa, long before the time of
the Mahometan Arabs, there was an import-
ant civilization established in remote antiquity
by the people called Phcenicians. It must have
been great in the great days of Tyre, for it
filled that whole region frAm Egypt to the
Atlantic with its cities. The ruins of many
of these cities still exist, and some of tliein
are described in the work of Mr. Davis on the
"Ruined Cities of Africa." The fall of Car-
thage led to the subjugation of the whole
country by the Romans, but what its people
and civilization were in the time of the Romans
may be inferred from passages in Tacitus,
where, describing Germany, he speaks of its
climate, of its people, who " have no cities,"
and who spend their time " in sleep or glut-
tony" when not engaged in war, and exclaims:
" Quis, Asia ant Africa aut Italia relict a, Ger-
maniam peteretV' (" Who would relinquish
Asia,"Africa, or Italy for Germany?")
The Romans were followed in Africa by the
Vandals, and after them came the Mahometan
Arabs, proceeding, as the gentleman says,
"from the holy city of Mecca," in the Hedjaz.
The Semitic Arabs, Mahomet's race, compar-
atively late settlers in Arabia, and many of them
nomads, had no history and no importance
