1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2865
thing more than one half of all the registered
vows should be- cast one way or the other;
not as I understood some Senators to say should
be cast, in favor of the constitution, but that
half of ihe registered voters should take part
pro or con in approving or condemning the
proposed constitution.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
says we made a mistake in enacting that law.
I do not think we did, sir. It is not very
important to discuss that; but I never thought
we made any mistake about it, and I am not at
all sure that in the future we shall not con-
clude that we made a mistake quite as much
when we repudiate it as we did when we
adopted it. Suffice it to say now that it was
passed for reasons existing at the lime and
cogent at the time; and were I called upon
witli the same lights and under the same cir-
cumstances to vote again 011 the question, 1
should vote in favor of that provision of the
law, as I did vote for it at the time. Wise or
otherwise, the provision stood unrepealed upon
the statute-book when the election in Alabama
was held, and in effect that provision held out
to every person in Alabama, well disposed or
evil disposed, the idea that abstinence from
the polls should be precisely tantamount to a
vote. Thfty acted upon it, whether in good
faith or bad faith, they acted upon it; and
although of the votes cast an overwhelming
majority were in favor of the constitution, less
than half the elective population of Alabama,
as ascertained by the register, took part in that
election.
Mr. President, there is but one way to answer
this, and that is the way resorted to by the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio when he alluded to
the. frauds that had occurred. In that way
you not only break the force of this objection
to Alabama, but if the facts bear you out you
do make a full answer. If, availing themselves
of this law, the enemies of reconstruction not
only abstained, as they had a right to abstain,
from participating in the election, no matter
what their motive was, (and so far they might
have appropriately gone,) but wentfurther, and
by menace, by violence, by fraud, by contriv-
ance, hindered, deterred, prevented others who
wished to participate from doing so, then they
stand in their own wrong, and then, without
undertaking to give the precise language of the
law which would be applicable to the case,
suffice it to say for practical purposes they ought
not be allowed to claim, they .cannot properly
claim the benefit of a provision under cover
of which they had trampled right and law under
their feet.
The Senator from Ohio says the facts do
bear out sufficiently this allegation. I will
suppose they do, for the purpose of thepresent
argument; that is my impression as it is his.
That is the impression with which I voted in
the Judiciary Committee to include Alabama.
- But, it still leaves Alabama a special case; a case
tinlike all the others ; a case to be considered
by itself upon its own peculiar merits; ana,
therefore, it is an element of division, of dis-
traction, and, I submit to the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, of delay when inter-
posed upon this bill. After the votes we have
had in the Arkansas case, all the friends m
this Chamber of reconstruction can unite, and
doubtless will unite, and that speedily, upon
the bill as it stands as to all these other States.
With regard to Alabama, there are one or two
bills before us which can betaken up at once;
■which can be considered disconnected with
-and unembarrassed by the case of any other
State. Therefore, I can see no delay whatever
to arise even as to Alabama, and I can see
time to be gained as to all the rest by omitting
her from this bill. . , T
' Mr. President, one other suggestion and
have done. The bills in regard to Alabama
-are much more flexible than this bill can be
made in that regard. To state it in other words,
they are much better adapted to procure an
"expression of the Senate upon the question
precisely how Alabama had better be treated,
'Because they present -different alternatives
40th Coxg. 2d Sess.—No. 180.
which, with slight modifications, should enable
any Senator to p'resent and vote for the par-
ticular view which he might have; and I am
not at all sure that a bill adopting as a pro-
visional government the proposed organiza-
tion would not answer, perhaps, in the esti-
mation of the Senator from Massachusetts, and
every other Senator, the whole purpose as to
Alabama, and, at the same time, avoid liti-
gating here in the Senate and adjudicating the
diflicult question (as it will turn out to bo) of
fact, whether in truth the enemies of recon-
struction actually prevented, actually intimi-
dated so many men who had a right to partici-
pate in the election, from so participating, as
thereby to vitiate the election and change its
result. Without, dwelling upon that, everybody
must see that it is a very awkward question to
establish upon either side by evidence. It
may very well be that the whole dilHoulty can
be avoided, and yet the interests of Alabama
preserved in all respects by taking some one
of these other alternatives, not only consider-
ing Alabama as a case by herself, but adopt-
ing as a provisional government the organiza-
tion which has there been formed, or in some
other way so placing her as to save nil her
rights and leave every gentleman who votes
for or against the bill to enjoy his own opinion
as to what in truth did happen there in this
season of floods and disasters and alleged vio-
lence. At all events, for the present, purpose,
I submit to the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts that we can make more progress
with this bill if he will allow Alabama to
remain for the present, and to be taken up as
a consideration by il-'elf.
Mr. HENDRICKS." I do not intend, sir, to
say very much upon this particular point. _ It
seems to meitdepends upon just one question.
If Congress now assumes the right to say that
a State government of a particular sort and a
State constitution of a particular character is
established, without any reference to the voice
of the people, then the proposition cati be well
maintained. But if you do claim that these
constitutions do not receive their force and
validity from the will of Congress, but that
they receive their forcc and validity from the
will of the people as expressed, then it is pal-
pable that Alabama is not properly to come in
under your reconstruction policy, because when
the vote in Alabama was cast it was under law.
Did your law have any force? Was it entitled
to respect by the people of Alabama? Is it
entitled to respect by you? If so, the consti-
tution of Alabama, according to law, wm not
adopted; but if your law had no force, if the
people of Alabama were justified in disregard-
ing it, and if now, after the vote has been cast,
you have a right to disregard it and say that it
is no law, then the simple question is, what is
il the pleasure of Congress to do I
What was the law ? Whether wisely framed
or otherwise, is not for me now to inquire.
The law was that the constitution of Alabama,
the vote being had, when it was taken would
not be adopted unless a majority of all the
people of the State did vote. If less than a
majority voted at the election, the constitution
stood rejected. That was your law on the
subject, positive, plain, and direct, standing,
I supple, upon the proposition that the funda-
mental law, which is to be permanent, of a
State ought not to be adopted when less than
half of the people of that State express an
opinion upon it. That is what yon said. ^ It
was the law that governed the vote at the time
the vote was cast. If less than, a majority
shall vote, it is rejected; if more than a
majority shall vote, and of those voting the
majority shall be in favor of it, then it is
adopted. It is plain—General Meade said so
—that the constitution was rejected. It is plain
that it was rejected according to law. Now,
upon what principle do you propose to estab-
lish it ? As the law stood it is not established.
As the law stood it is rejected. Upon what
principle, then, do you propose to establish
it? Not that the people have approved it,
because less than a majority of the people
have voted upon it. Net that it stands ap-
proved under the law, because according to
law it stands rejected. Upon what principle,
then, do you propose t,o establish it? for if this
instrument become established as the consti-
tution of Alabama, it is by some will and
power other than the wish of the people ex-
pressed under law. The wish of the people,
as expressed under law, has rejected it.
Now, it is to be approved and indorsed and
made a constitution of a State, and the supremo
law of that State so far as State law is con-
cerned, by what power? By the voice of Con-
gress ; and if you have the power now to do
that, why this delay? Why did you not adopt
a constitution for each one of these States and
have uniformity of State constitutions? 1£
Congress can adopt, a constitution that stands
rejected .according to law, and make it a con-
stitution ; if Congress can do what the commit-
tee now propose to do, change these consti-
tutions, strike provisions out and put other
provisions in, why not adopt a constitution
according to the sovereign will of Congress and
establish it? I think we can make abetter
constitution hero than they have made in most
of these cases. I would rather take the chance
of a State government formed by Congress
even as it is now organized, than to take the
risk of a State government to be organized tinder
such chances as have beeu allowed in these
southern Stales. But, sir,_1 am speaking of
one simple question now: if you can breathe
the breath of life into a constitution, why not
have made the constitutions in the first place
and have established them? Why go through
the form and ceremony of submitting these con-
stitutions to a portion of the people / W hy
say that all the colored people shall vote upon
them and a part of the white people, if indeed
the decision of the people under your law is
not binding, and after they have rejected a con-
stitution you can adopt it and make it a con-
stitution?
But the Senator from Ohio says that the
rivers were high, that there was fraud. Mr.
President, there are some accusations of fraud
that stand plainly, boldly, defiantly rebutted ;
and it is idle, in the presence of an intelligent
people, to say that fraud haa controlled these
southern elections when you all know, every
Senator knows, that the control of public opin-
ion in the southern States has been under the
Freedmen's Bureau and the military organ-
ization. You know where the power has beeu
that has controlled those elections. Who
appointed your registrars ?_ They were_ not
southern men, not conservative, but Itadicals
appointed for that purpose, controlling the
ballot-box, controlling the right to vote, decid-
ing whose vote should be admitted and whoso
rejected. All this power belonged not to the
men that were opposed to these constitutions,
but the elections" have been had under the con-
trol (irresponsible to every power in thoworld)
of men that were in favor of the adoption of
the constitution. So, Mr. President, it re idle
for any Senator to say that there were frauds
in these elections and terror and power that
prevented a fair vote.
I heard this thing of the storms. I heard
that it was expressed with more power and
eloquence by a Representative in the other
branch. In the force and power of his imagin-
ation he said this election was held under the
most embarrassing circumstances; that the
colored people, the freedmen, the true loyal
element of society, went_ to the ballot-box
swimming deep, swollen rivets, floating terri-
ble quantities of ice ! Ice in Alabama! Inat
is equal to the charge of fraud, eqtftu to all this
stuff that an election is to'be declared against
the vote, because the rivers are high . Yvjio
ever heard of such a thing ? ' . .
If au election has been held under sucVcir-
cumstances that the people could not vote, then
what is to be done? If jro« have power to do
anything, it is not to declare the result thia
way or that way, but- to order anewekcion
and allow the people an opPortUBity to vote
when the rivers gone down. ihatiB all
