1868;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1841
eight dollars per month, to commence from the
18th day of May, 1808, and to continue during
his natural life.
I he bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MICHAEL KELLY.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I now move to take
up Senate bill No. 323.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 323) granting a pension to Michael Kelly
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The Secretary of
the Interior is directed by the bill to place the
name of Michael Kelly, late a private in the
first Vermont battery volunteers, on the pen-
sion-roll, at the rate of fifteen dollars per
month, to commence from and after the pas-
sage of the act, and to continue during his
natural life.
Thebill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN II. EINLAY.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 337.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 337) granting a pension to John II. Fin-
lay was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name
of John II. Finlay, late a private in company
G, second regiment Illinois cavalry volunteers,
oil the pension-roll, and to pay him a pension
at the rate of fifteen dollars per month from
the 0th of June, 1860, during his natural life.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The House of Rep-
resentatives have already passed a bill grant-
ing a pension to this person, and as we prefer
to retain the House bill I move that this bill
be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM BLAKB.
Mi-. VAN WINKLE. I now move to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 338.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 338) for the relief of William Blake, a
soldier of the war of 1812, was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to allow and pay to William Blake, a
soldier of the war of 1812, a pension at the
rate of twenty dollars pej: month, in lieu of
the sum of eight dollars per month now re-
ceived by him, to commence from the passage
of the act and to continue during his natural
life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SARAH WEBB.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I now move to take
up Senate bill No. 339.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 339) granting a pension to Sarah Webb,
widow of William R. Webb, and her minor
child, was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. The Secretary
of the Interior is directed by the bill to place
the name of Sarah Webb, widow of William
R. Webb, late a private in company K, first
regiment Tennessee infantry volunteers, on the
pension-roll, and to pay her at the rate of eight
dollars per mouth, to commence from the Mtli
of May, 1803, to continue during her widow-
hood, and the additional sum of two dollars
per month for the minor child of William R.
Webb, to commence from the -25th of July,
I860, and to continue until the child shall have
attained the age of sixteen years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
THOMAS CHITTENDEN.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 340) for the relief of Thomas Chittenden.
40tii Cong. 2d Sess.—No. "116.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to allow and pay to Thomas
Chittenden, of the State of Wisconsin, a pen-
sion at the rate of fifteen dollars per month, in
lieu of the sum of eight dollars per month now
received by him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN W. SALYERS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I now move to take
up Senate bill No. 341.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 341) granting a pension to Johu W. Sal-
yers, a soldier of the war of 1812, was read
the second time, and considered, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The Secretary of the
Interior is directed by the bill to place the
name of John W, Salyers, of the State of In-
diana, a soldier of the war of 1812, on the
pension-roll, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, to commence from the passage of the
act, and to continue during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
THOMAS STEWART.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(S. No. 342) granting a pension to Thomas
Stewart, was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Thomas Stewart on the pen-
sion-roll,at the rate of eight dollars per month,
to commence from the passage of the act, and
to continue during his natural life.
The bill was repoited to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
W. O. CUM MINGS.
O.I motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(S. No. 343) for the relief of W. G. Cummings,
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The Secretary of
the Interior is directed bj the bill to allow and
pay to W. G. Cummings, late a lieutenant col-
onel in the first regiment Vermont cavalry vol-
unteers, a pension at the rate of thirty dollars
per month, in lieu of the sum of twenty dol-
lars per month now received by him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CAROLINE AXI) MARGARET SWARTWOUT.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(S. No. 314) granting a pension to Caroline
and Margaret Swarwout, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Secretaryof the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll the names of I
Caroline and Margaret Swartwout, sisters of
Samuel Swartwout, late a commodore in the
Navy of the United States, and to pay to theni,
or the survivor of them, a pension at the rate
of thirty dollars per month from the 15th of
February, 1807, during their joint lives and the
life of the survivor.
Mr. CON KLIN G. I should like to inquire
of t ie Senator from West Virginia whether all
these bills which are being passed so rapidly,
have been by him personally examined so that
he is able to vouch for them ?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I believe I have not
only read every petition and every bill, but
every particle of testimony accompanying
them; and all the bills which have originated
in the Senate are accompanied by printed re-
ports, which Senators can examine at their
leisure.
_ Mr. CONKLING. So that Senators have
his personal assurance that in his opinion they
are all right?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. In my opinion, and
that of at least a majority of the committee in
every case.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JULIA M. MOLlif.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 333) for the relief of Julia M. Molin.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to allow and pay to
JuliaM. Molin, of Stockholm, Sweden, widow
of Charles 'G. Molin, late a private in the sec-
ond regiment of Minnesota volunteers, a pen-
sion at the rate of eight dollars per month, from
the 18th of May, 1802, the date of the death of
her husband, until the 19th of December, 1807,
the date of the commencement of the pension
heretofore allowed her.
Mr. POMEROY. If there is a report in
that case I should like to hear it read. It
seems that this pension is to be paid to a
foreigner, to somebody in Sweden. It maybe
all right, but I should like to know whether we
have provided by law for the payment of pen-
sions to foreigners.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted by Mr. Van Winkle, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, on the 14th of February
last:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
a bit! for the relief of Julia M. Molin, respeetlully
report:
The said Julia is the widow of Charles G. Molin.
late a private in the second regiment of Minnesota
volunteers, who died in the service on the 18th day
of May, 1862. A pension was granted her commenc-
ing on the 19tli day ot December last, the date of the
filing of the last paper m the case, her application
having been made more than three years alter the
death of her husband. Inquiries had been for some
years in progress under the auspices, first of the con-
sulate, and then of the legation of Sweden in this
country, but it was not until 1866 that the fact of his
death as aforesaid was ascertained. Believing, there-
fore, that the delay to apply for her pension was in
nosense the faultof the widow, the committee report
a bill tor her relief and recommend its passage.
Mr. POMEROY. It seems quite generous,
I think, for us to pay a pension to a person in
no way connected with us in this country be-
cause she was not able to get her papers in as
soon as it was desirable to have them ; but we
now propose not only to pay her the pension
allowed by law, but to pay her for the time that
elapsed prior to putting in her papers. I sup-
posed that these special pension cases were
generally reported on the ground of some ex-
treme necessity, poverty, or disability. This
seems to be the case of a widow, who is not an
American citizen, and it is proposed to allow
her a pension for the time that she consumed
in preparingher papers and getting them ready.
I think it is going beyond the proper rule. It
is a small matter, to be sure, only granting a
pension for two or three years. I have lis-
tened very patiently to these bills, and am will-
ing to pass bills of the kind in cases of neces-
sity that properly appeal to us, but I do not
believe that we have a right to make donations
and contributions in all these cases.
Mr.VAN WINKLE. The Senator &ems to
forget that this foreigner served in our Army;
and for so doing, if lie had lived and chosen to
become a citizen of the United States he would
have been such; and I suppose that would
have naturalized his wife. This case came to
me through the State Department from the
office of foreign affairs of Sweden. It is a very
plain case and within the principles upon
which Congress has constantly acted in similar
cases, and I can see no reason for refusing the
pension because the mother is a foreigner. A
pension has been granted to lier at the Pension
Office, but on account of her want of informa-
tion, the fact of her son's death was not dis-
covered until the war had closed, and then
there was some omission in the military roll,
and they had to send here and there to officers,
in order to have the roll corrected. It was no
fault of hers, therefore, that she did not apply
in time. She was absolutely entitled to the
pension under the law, from the death of ber
son, and but for the provision that it must be
applied for within three years, she would have
