1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3889
blocks, which are subsequently broken up into
smaller pieces and earned away by the current.
4-u is the ease with nearly ail our waterfalls, but
therecedmg action is much more rapid at the Falls
i . ? Anthony than at any other existing fall with
which i am acquainted.
It is obvious to an observer that at a distant period
the falls were at Fort Sneiling, the present junction
of the Minnesota river, and that they have receded
to their present position in the manner before
described a distance of about seven miles.
Did this same formation of rock extendindefinitely
above tho present falls along the river the continued
recession might only be considered as endangering
the dams and mills in their present location and not
to concern the question of navigation. And, as acon-
sequcnce, the prevention of thiswearing away by the
water might be considered a mere local interest, and
to be provided for by those specially concerned.
But it so happens that the stratum of hard mag-
nesian limestone thins out and rises entirely above
the surface of the river a few hundred feet above the
present cre&t of the falls, and further on thesottsand
rock alone is to be found in the bed of tho river, so
that when the action of the stream has destroyed all
that remains of the hard layer but a few days will be
necessary to lower the bed and produce acontinuous
rapid far above, not merely destroying the present
water-power, but a long reach of navigablechanncl.
The Water-Power Company at Minneapolis ex-
pended m 1806 between thirty and forty thousand dol-
lars in an unavailing attempt to stop this wearing
away. The undertaking is a difficult and expensive
one, and it is but fair that the protection and exten-
sion of the river navigation should lend its aid to that,
of the Water-Power Company in effecting a common
object.
The danger which threatens the destruction of the
Falls of St. Anthony requires prompt attention.
. The present condition of the falls is further exhib-
ited by the annexed diagram.
On this diagram the banks of the river are repre-
sented in green, the water blue, the soft sand-rock
yellow, the magnesian limestone brown, and the clay
bed pink.
The section is constructed to cut tho dam at the
point furthest up the stream, from which point the
dam inclines downward towaid each shore. ThU
apex of the dam is at, the upper end of the magne-
sian limestone, above which the bed of tho river is
twenty feet deep.
Tho water is represented falling over the lower
edge of the magncsian limestone in two places, four
hundred feet apart; tho lower one is at the place
where the crest of the falls was in 1806, at which
time the Minneapolis Water-Power Company put in
the apron below the falls to protect them from fur-
ther wear; the upper place is where the crest of the
falls was left after the Hood of July, 1867, four hun-
dred feet having been washed away in one flood,
notwithstanding the attempt to prevent it. One
more like/reshet would probably destroy Iho falls,
for only one thousand feet of the magnesian lime-
stone remains, and its thickness diminishes as the
recession goes on; it was eighteen feet thick at the
crest in 1806, and at the present position of tho crest
of the falls it is about eight 4eet thick; hence the
present pressing emergency.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
G. K. WARREN,
Brevet Major General United titaten Army,
Major of Engineers,
IBs Excellency Hon. William R. Marsiull,
Governor r>f Minnesota.
Mr. DONNELLY. I yield a moment to the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. SULTAN. This proposition was before
the House Committee on the Public Lands, and
in that committee 1 voted against it. I subse-
quently voted against it in the House, and I shall
vote against it now when it comes from the Sen-
ate with one hundred thousand additional acres
of land granted. My reason for my vote is this :
it allows the State of Minnesota to go out two
hundred miles or more and cull lands here and
there for a local improvement. It is a proper
case for a grant in money, but a grant in land
is in contravention of our policy in like cases.
The conditions of the bill as to settlement and
price are wholesome, and the bill is as little
obnoxious as any bill of this character can be,
yet 1 cannot consistently vote for it for the rea-
sons stated. I desired simply to say this much
in justice to myself, leaving the House to dis-
pose of the measure as it may deem right.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I desire to put
an inquiry to the gentleman from Indiana. I
desire to call the attention of the House to the
fact—and I wish to inquire of the gentleman
if it be a fact—that the additional one hundred
thousand acres of land which is proposed to
be given away by this amendment of the Sen-
ate is simply a proposition to appropriate so
many acres for the benefit of private mill own-
ers, perhaps involving no public interest at all
except so far as it may be involved in the inter-
est of these mill owners? Now, I submit to
the House, if we are to go on with this indis-
criminate squander of the public lands for the
4-Oth (Jong. 2d Sess.—No. 244.
I benefit of mere private parties, we may as well
i give them all away at once and put an end to
the matter.
Mr. JULIAN. I only say that while this
bill may benefit private mill owners, it is like-
wise of public interest; but, for the reason I
have given, I cannot favor this grant of land.
Mr. DONNELLY. 1 would say, in answer
to the statement of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Lawkexce,] that the magnitude of this
question far excecds any private interest in-
volved in it. It is true the owners of the water-
power will receive some benefit from this grant,
but at the same time it will benefit the entire
population gathered around these falls, num-
bering, I think, some fourteen thousand people.
Now, if this bill does not pass it is evident
from the statement made by General Warren
in the letter which has just been read, accom-
panied with a map which is here for the inspec-
tion of the House, that this water-power will
soon be destroyed. There are but one thousand
feet of magnesian limestone rook eight feet
thick intervening between the navigation above
and below these falls, so that if that small belt
is swept away the water-power will be gone
and the people gathered around that place will
have to seek homes elsewhere.
Mr. WINDO.U. Allow tne to ask what will
be the effect upon some eighty miles of navi-
gation above the falls, if they arc swept away.
Mr. DONNELLY. I am obliged to my
colleague for the suggestion. The bill is based
not so much upon the preservation of this
water-power, important as that is, as udou the
preservation of the navigation above the falls
for a distance of eighty miles. If you take
away the magnesian limestone one thousand
feet in breadth, which now constitutes a nat-
ural dam across the river, the sandstone rock
will be swept away, the bed of tho river will
fall, and the entire navigation above that point
will be destroyed. So that it is for the preser-
vation of tho entire navigation above tho falls
and for the interest of the people both above
and below the falls that this bill should be
passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. IIow far
has the limestone washed away?
Mr. DONNELLY. The letter of General
Warren states that in the last, year there were
some four hundred feet of the rock destroyed
by the freshets. There is a breadth of but
one. thousand feet left, and lie states that it is
diminishing in thickness as the falls recede, so
that the probability is another great freshet will
sweep away the whole stratum. Now, the
owners of this water-power have attempted in
their own interest to preserve it. They ex-
pended $37,000 in the attempt, and found they
had not money enough. The strength of their
work was not great enough to resist the i mmense
flood, and it was swept away. We ask the Gov-
ernment to give this aid out of the lands of
Minnesota. There are in the State of Minne-
sota fifty-three million acres of land. We ask
for only one hundred thousand of those acres
for the preservation of this great water-power.
Mr. MULLINS. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question ?
Mr. DONNELLY. Certainly.
Mr. MULLINS. What plan is proposed for
this put pose for the benefit of private indi-
viduals ?
Mr. DONNELLY. Of course the expendi-
ture of the money arising from this grant of
land would be a question of engineering skill.
The proposition, as I understand it, is to make
a wooden sheathing—" aprons '' the technical
name is—across the crest of the falls, which
would serve as a roof, if I may so call it, over
which the entire body of water would pass, so
that the disintegrating process now going on,
by eating away the sand below the rock, thus
causing the rook to breakoff, would be arrested.
Mr, LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Under whoso
direction is the money to be expended ?
Mr. DONNELLY. Under the supervision
of the Engineer Bureau. We do not ask for
one instant to interrupt the settlement of the
country. We propose to let settlers take these
lands at the same price they would have to pay
the Government for land under the preemption
act.
Mr. LOAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to offer an amendment?
Mr. DONNELLY. I will hear it.
Mr. LOAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by adding the following :
Provided, That said lands be selected from any
public lands in Alaska.
With that amendment I would be very glad
to support this bill.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Are there any public lands
in Alaska?
Mr. LOAN. Certainly ; we have the assur-
ance of the distinguished chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs [Mr. Banks] that
there are in Alaska some ot' the best lands in
the world, and with the most beautiful climate
on earth. I hope the gentleman will agree to
my amendment.
Mr. DONNELLY. I cannot yield for any
such amendment. We are not asking for lands
in the State of Missouri, but for lands in the
State of Minnesota. The entire delegation
from Minnesota are united in asking for this
grant. If any evil consequences shall result
from this grant, they will result to the people
of Minnesota. We, as their representatives,
are willing to take the responsibility. I now
call the previous question.
Mr. MULLINS. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded until something better
than this is proposed. This wood stratum is
not worth anything; I have tried it myself.
Whenever a freshet comes it will carry away
your wood-work and all.
The question was upon seconding the previ-
ous question.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered ; which was upon
agreeing to the amendment of tho Senate.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 35, noes 37 ; no quorum
voti ng.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Lawrence
of Ohio, and Mr. Doxnei.ly, were appointed.
Tho House again divided; and tiie tellers
reported that there were—yeas 54, noes 40.
Before the result was announced, Mr. Julian
called for the yeas and nays
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas &4, noes 68 ; not
voting 80 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos It. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Axt.ell. Bailey, Barnes. lieu-
jnmin, Boles, Benjamin F\ Butler, Cuke, Sidney
Clarke, Dawes, Deweesc, Donnelly. Diiggs, Eliot,
Hamilton, Iligby, Hinds, Hopkins, Chester D. Hub-
hard, Ingersoil, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones,Loan,
Logan, Loughridge, Marvin, McClurg, McCormick,
McKee, Morrell, Myers,O'Neill,Peters,Pile, Plants,
Pricc, lianm, Iloots, Sawyer, Smith, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Stokes, Taffe. Trowbridge, Twichell. Rob-
ert T. Van Horn; William Williams, James F.Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—54.
N AYS—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Baker, Beatty, Beek,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Cary, Ohanler, Churchill, Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Ela, Eldridge, Fer-
riop, Fields, Garheld. Glossbrenncr, Golladay, Grover,
Hill. Hulburd, Hunter, Johnson. Thomas L. Jones,
Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Kitchen. Koontz, William
Lawrence. Marshall. Maynard, Miller, Moore, Moor-
head, Mulluis, Mungcn, Orth, Paine. Perham, Pike,
Pomeroy, Ross, Sehenek, Scofield, Stewart, Taber,
Thomas. Upson, Burt Van Horn, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, and John T.
Wilson—58.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Baldwin,
Banks, Barnum, Beaman, Benton, Bingham, Blaine,
Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Broomall. Buckland, Burr.
Roderick It. Butler, Reader W. Clarke, Cornell,
Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Eckley, Eggleston, F,mis-
worth, Ferry, Finney, Fox, French, Gctz, Gravely,
Griswold, llaight, llalsey, Harding. Hawkins, Hol-
man. Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Rich-
ard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Kelloy.Kerr, Ketcham,
Knott, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Lynch,
Mallory, McCarthy, MeCullough, Mercur, Morrissey,
Ncwcomb, Niblack, Nicholson, Nunn, Phelps, Po-
land, Polsley, X>ruyn. Randall, Robertson, Robinson,
Selye, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Aaron F.
Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stono, Taylor, John
Trimble. Lawrencc S. Trimble, Van Aernam, Vail
Aukon, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Thomas Wil-
liams, gtephenF. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—86.
So the amendment of the Senate was not
agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move to reconsider the vote
