458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
previous to the rise of Mahometanism. They
were a rude people, inferior to the old Cush-
ite inhabitants of the peninsula, the Arabes-
Aribah, the Arabians of pure race, who really
had and probably originated the civilization
and science which the gentleman credits to
Mahomet's race. Various highly civilized peo-
ples—the Syrians, the Egyptians, and some of
the northern Africans, such «s the Moors—
were gathered within the pale of Mahomet-
anism in the course of its earlier conquests;
these adopted the Arabic language with the
Koran, and in some localities, as at Bagdad
and in Spain, gave Mahometanism science and
elegant culture, although they could not give
law to the fanatical spirit that directed its
sway. Some of the Caliphs put some re-
straint on this spirit; but it would not be re-
strained, and at the west broke from their
sway. How destructively it operated in north-
ern Africa is told us by Leo Africanus in the
first book of his work on that country, as fol-
lows:
" When those who rebelled against the Caliph of
Bagdad got the upper hand they burnt all the African
books; for they were of opinion that the Africans, so
long as they had any knowledge of natural philoso-
phy or of any other good arts and sciences, would
every day more and more contemn the law of Ma-
homet."—Pora'a translation. ♦
The people thus invaded by the savagery of
Mahometan fanaticism were the people of the
old Phoenician communities, now represented
in the interior by the people called Berbers.
Their country has been called Barbar and Bar-
bary. No other people dwelt in Horthern
Africa at that time. Many of them went to
Spain; so many from Mauritania that the
Spanish Mahometans are still called Moors, i
Some of the Berbers are still pure white men.
Such are many of that foremost branch of the
family, the Tuaricks or Targhees, who now j
inhabit the Sahara, which is not such a desert !
as uninstructed fancy has portrayed. Like !
some other branches of the family, these Tuar-
icks have a political organization that is very
nearly democratic. They have cities, agricul-
ture, a literature; and they still use the old
Phoenician alphabet. See on this subject the
volumes of travel in Northern Africa by Lyon,
Richardson, and Tristam, and the reports of
French officers in Africa, published in the
Journal Asiatique.
I tell the gentleman that his affecting romance
of the Mahometan Arabs has no warrant of
historical truth. They, and they alone, were
the destroyers. Mahometanism limits human
development, and cannot be the basis of a great
civilization. It cannot long tolerate the influ-
ence of such a civilization; and it has not failed
to reduce to its own level every people and j
every civilization where its influence has been
established.
The gentleman's exciting story of the Spanish
race in Mexico and Peru revealed admirations
and sympathies to which lam not accustomed.
The "'Wizard of the North" made men and
women thrill and weep over his romance of
"The Pirate;" but he did not call it his-
tory. The Spaniards who ravaged Mexico
and Peru left, in the record of their deeds,
graphic illustrations of their character. His-
tory shows us what they were and what they
did, if it does, in some hands, try to give
their villainy the rose color. We can read
the story; we can bring them to the test of
our conceptions of what is chivalrous, noble,
and great. The gentleman goes quite beyond
himself in celebrating "their lofty chivalry,"
"their Christian loyalty," and thinks "God
never made a nobler race." Let us see how
it was. Hernando Cortez, being in Cuba,
where his personal character was not enviable,
and where he was waiting for adventures,
hears reports of Mexico and its vast riches in
gold and in silver. He enlists a band of adven-
turers and goes to that country, assuming that
whatever gold or silver or other desirable
thing can be taken there by force is lawful
prey. They went to hunt in Mexico as men
hunt for prey in a forest, and they were made
bold and confident of success by the vast
superiority of their arms. They ravaged and
desolated the land, perpetrating robberies,
murders, treacheries, assassinations, outrages
of every kind, crimes indescribable. Recall
some of their deeds: the massacre of Cholula;
the burning of Mexican chiefs at the stake ;
the torture of Guatemozin. Froude, writing
on this subject, in his Short Studies, shows
that in England at the time accounts of these
proceedings of the Spaniards in Mexico ex-
cited not only horror but " a genuine human
indignation." Sir Walter Raleigh desired a
crusade against the marauders, saying:
" Who will not be persuaded that now, at length,
the great Judge of the world hath seen the tears and
blood of so many millions of innocent men, women,
and children, afflicted, robbed, reviled, branded with
hot irons, roasted, dismembered, mangled, stabbed,
whipped, racked, scalded with hot oil, put to the
strapado, ripped alive, beheaded in sport, drowned,
dashed against the rocks, devoured by mastiffs,
burned, and by infinite cruelties consumed, and pur-
poseth to scourge and plague that cursed nation."
And this was "lofty chivalry," "Christian
loyalty," and supreme nobility of character
and race 1 Mr. Chairman, has language so
changed that we must say "honor" when we
mean "villainy," and "exalted Christian
chivalry" when we mean "piracy and mur-
der?" According to the standard by which I
have learned to test the actions of mankind,
the earth was never polluted by the tread of
more unscrupulous pirates than the bands of
Spanish adventurers led into Peru by Pizarro
and into Mexico by Hernando Cortez. Cortez
himself had genius for this kind of work, and
the moral quality of the man was quite at home
in it; but it is an insult to human nature to
talk of these men as superior to that old
Mexican race, in whose land we may still
study in their ruins the monuments of a civili-
zation which the most exalted of the gentle-
man's Spanish hidalgos never equaled.
Moreover, the Spanish race, which began in
Mexico with violence and devastation, have
been a most pestilent curse to the country from
that time to this. They desolated the empire
of Montezuma, but they were unable to put
anything as good in its place. They robbed
and ruined the people and did nothing to bless
the land. They hunted the mines for gold and
silver, but they did nothing to spread intelli-
gence, to create industrial enterprise, or to
develope the resources of the country. These
Spanish pirates and assassins brought ruin to
Mexico and its people; and to-day that ele-
ment in the Mexican population which con-
tributes least to social welfare and most to
obstruct settled prosperity and encourage an-
archy is the Spanish element, while the chief
hope of the nation is in the superior moral
worth, social purity, industry, patriotism, and
value as citizens of the old Mexican race now
represented at the head of the Government by
Benito Juarez.
Mr. Chairman, it is quite possible that we
shall find it necessary to revise our conception
of what constitutes the superiority of a race.
Great force, aided by the most terrible engines
of war, may sweep through the wo^ld irresist-
ibly, conquering, ravaging, inspiring dread,
and subjugating weak peoples to its domina-
tion. It has done so in all ages of which we
have any account. It has made itself the
theme of song and romance, and regulated
the method of history. But is this really the
highest, the most admirable development of
human nature? Our civilization is already
convincing us that it is not. The forces that
are elevating the great mass of mankind in
civilized nations from serfdom and vassalage
to a richer and more enlightened condition of
social and domestic life, the growth and varied
development of industry and the arts of peace
among the many, and countless influences
growing out of that enfranchisement of the
people, which is extending the great possibili-
ties of civilization from the privileged few to
the "plebeian" millions, are beginning to
show us that the highest beauty of human
development is not that which creates mighty
conquerors and makes the earth tremble be-
neath the tramp of war, op that takes any
form merely to dazzle or astonish. There is
something nobler than genius for directing the
movements of all-conquering power; some-
thing more divine than the resistless sway of
force over weak peoples ; something that more
fully develops beauty and delight in human
relationships; something more richly fraught
with blessings that increase the possibilities
and heighten the charm of human life ; some
thing that will necessarily revise our concep-
tions of what is superior in peoples and races.
It is quite possible that on considering the
matter more carefully we may discover that each
race and each distinct family of mankind has
some peculiar gift of its own in which it is supe-
rior to others; and that the all-wise Creator
may have designed that each race and family
shall bring its own peculiar contribution to the
final completeness of civilization, the full-orbed
and all-comprehending development of the
race. A race or family is not necessarily
inferior to others because it comes into the his-
tory of civilization latest, nor superior to others
because it appears there first. It was not our
own Aryan or Indo-European race that created
the great civilizations of Chaldea and the Old
Monarchy of Egypt. Our race was preceded
in development by others ; and it was in times
quite modern that our own family of the race
took its place among the foremost. Germany,
the old home of the Teuton and Anglo-Saxon,
had nothing very lovely to civilized men even
in the time of Tacitus; and a few centuries
earlier some civilized orator of Africa or Asia
may have asked, with arrogant scorn, '' Of
what use to the world are those barbarous and
beastly Germans and Anglo-Saxons, who have
never astonished the world with creations* of
genius; who have never produced a Homer,
a Phidias, a Hannibal,'an Alexander, nor even
a great mechanic; who have never made dis-
coveries in astronomy, nor even constructed
palatial edifices like the temple of Hera at
Samos, the royal palace at Babylon, or the
marvelous structures of ancient Egypt." But
our time came at last, and that orator's scorn
is not likely to be repeated. We have not yet
equaled the architecture of antiquity, but evi-
dently we have a higher mission. By means
of the wonderful force, energy, and activity of
our race we are bringing together "the ends
of the earth'' and establishing intercourse and
the feeling of neighborhood between isolated
peoples. We are bringing all the races and
peoples of mankind to that condition of mutual
intercourse and appreciation where the old feel-
ings of scorn and hate and the old talk of
"natural enemies" and "outside barbarians"
will at length give way to the feeling of human
brotherhood, and allow the races and families
of man to assume harmonious relations and play
connected parts in the grand work of giving the
race complete development.
It is also quite possible that if the gentle-
man from New York will bring to the discus-
sion of this subject less scornful prejudice,
less sympathy with the barbarisms of thought
and feeling generated by the slave system, less
haste to trample out the rights of a race deemed
inferior, and more reflection on the duty of the
wise and strong to the weak, he may discover
that his treatmentofthenegro racein that speech
is unworthy of any man who claims to share the
spirit of an elevated civilization.
The claims of that race, as a part of the
native population of the country, should en-
gage the most candid consideration of all wise
and good men. It is unpatriotic, it is wicked,
to embarrass it with the influence of partisan
prejudice or of reckless partisan ambition.
This obstruction, however, may be inevitable.
It may be that everywhere on this earth and
in every age, the great triumphs of justice
must be great victories won in long and obsti-
nate battles with unreason. But our experi-
ence should make us wise and move every
good citizen to support the endeavor to return
to the doctrines of the fathers.
