1842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
obtained it at the time. Believing that that
was entirely without her fault, that a part of
the fault was on the side of those who made
out the army rolls, the committee thought
they could not do better than give her the
pension.
Mr. POMEROY. I agree that if the soldier
had lived, and if he had chosen to become a
citizen, he would have been such. That is the
..argument of the Senator from West Virginia.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I do not know of any-
thing that would prevent the payment of a
pension to a foreigner who enlisted in our
service.
Mr. POMEROY. But the fact is, that he
did not, up to the time of his death, choose to
become an American citizen.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. He died in the Army
during the war.
Mr. POMEROY. I have always, here and
everywhere, declared that I would make no dis-
tinction between a native citizen and an adopted
citizen; but I really want them adopted. I
think that the claims of citizens of our own
country, either native or adopted, are a little
paramount to those of persons of other coun-
tries. I do not suppose it is worth while to
make an objection to this bill; but still I think
it is out of the ordinary course. It is an act
of great generosity, and is exhibiting more
liberality than we usually exhibit to our own
citizens.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator proposes,
perhaps, a fair rule ; but would it not be bet-
ter for him to find some other case to begin it?
Mr. POMEROY. I have never found a case
that would suit.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LOUISA FITCII.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 359.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 359) granting a pension to Louisa Fitch,
widow of ifi. P. Fitch, deceased, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of Louisa Fitch,
widow of E. P. Fitch, late a captain and as-
sistant quartermaster United States volunteers,
on the pension-roll, and to pay her at the rate
of twenty dollars per month, to commence
from the 31st of May, 1864, and to continue
during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
edward iiamel.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(S. No. 381) granting a pension to Edward
Hamel, minor child of Edward Ilamel, de-
ceased, was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. The Sec-
retary ijf the Interior is directed by the bill to
place upon the pension-roll the name of Ed-
ward Ilamel, only surviving child of Edward
Ilamel, late a private in company C, eighth
regiment Kansas volunteers, who died in the
service of the United States and in the line of
duty, and to pay to him orhis legally appointed
guardian or guardians a pension of eight dol-
lars a month, from the 11th of October, 1861,
the date of the death of his father, until he
attains the age of sixteen years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
john w. harris.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (S. No. 332) granting a
pension to John W. Harris. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to placeupon thepen-
sion-roll the name of John W. Harris, late a
pilot in the service of the United States, and
to allow and pay to him from the naval pension
fund a pension at the rate of twenty-five dol-
lars per month, to commence on the 15th of
April, 1803.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
obadiah t. plum.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(S. No. 382) granting an increase of pension to
Obadiah T. Plum, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of the Interior is directed by the
bill to increase the pension of Obadiah T. Plum,
late a private in company F, twenty-second
regiment Iowa infantry volunteers, from eight
dollars to twenty-five dollars per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
joiin a. and elizabeth j. weed.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(S. No. 883) granting a pension to John A.
Weed and Elizabeth J. Weed, minor children
of Robert T. Weed, deceased, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place upon the pen-
sion-roll the names of John A. Weed and
Elizabeth J. Weed, only surviving children of
Robert T. Weed, late a private in the second
Indiana battery volunteers, who died in the
service of the United States and in the line of
duty, and to pay to them, or their legally ap-
pointed guardian or guardians, a pension of
eight dollars per month from the 10th of No-
vember, 18G4, the date of the death of their
father, until they respectively attain the age
of sixteen years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
mary atkinson.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(S. No. 419) granting a pension to Mary At-
kinson was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. The
Secretary of the Interior is directed by the bill
to place on the pension-roll the name of Mary
Atkinson, mother of Andrew B. Atkinson, late
a quartermaster in the United States Navy, who
died in the service of the United States and in
the line of duty, and allow and pay her out of
the naval pension fund a pension at the rate of
twenty dollars per month, to commence from
the passage of the act, and to continue during
her natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
james a. guthrie.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(S. No. 420) granting a pension to James A.
Guthrie was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. By it the
Secretary of the Interior is directed to place
on the pension-roll the name of James A.
Guthrie, of Iowa, who was a private in com-
pany A, sixteenth regiment Illinois volunteers,
in the war with Mexico, and allow and pay
him a pension at the rate of fifteen dollars per
month from the 6th of June, 1866, to continue
during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
caroline e. thomas.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(S. No. 421) granting a pension to Caroline E.
Thomas was read the second time and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Caroline E. Thomas on the
pension-roll, and allow and pay her a pension
at the rate of eight dollnrs per month from
September 28, 1850, to December 28, 1857,
and from and after the passage of the act.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know the
special reason why that pension goes back to
1857, contrary to the rule, as I understand it,
that has prevailed here for years.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Mr. Thomas died in
the service of the regular Army. His wife re-
mained a widow for seven years and three
months and then remarried. Soon after her
second husband proved to be a worthless
fellow, and she returned practically to the state
of widowhood, and the committee have allowed
her the pension to which she would have been
entitled during her widowhood, which is ac-
cording to law.
Mr. GRIMES. But my inquiry is this:
this pension dates back to 1857, as I under-
stand.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Eighteen hun-
dred and fifty.
Mr. GRIMES. That is contrary to the rule
both of the Department and of Congress, as I
understand, to date a pension back eighteen
years.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. It only fills the in-
terval of her widowhood; she showed good
reasons why she did not apply before ; I forget
now precisely what they were; bat the com-
mittee were satisfied that she would have boon
entitled to a pension if she had applied.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know what
those reasons were.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. They will be found
in the papers. I do not remember them par-
ticularly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the reading of
the report in that case.
The Secretary read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Van Winkle, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, on the 6th of March last:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of Caroline E. Thomas, having had the
same under consideration, rcj^ort:
The petitioner was the wife of Thomas S. Gardner,
who was a sergeant in company II, second United
States artillery, and died while in the service at Sa-
vannah, Georgia, about the 28th of September. 1850,
having been thirteen years either a regular or a vol-
unteer. She remained a widow for seven years and
three months, when she married a 3-Ir. Thomas, but
was soon after separated from him, and has had tj
battle with the world ever since for a living. Under
the existing laws she was entitled to a pension after
her first husband's death, during her widowhood,
which pension she did not receive, and she now ap-
plies for what sho could have had if she had applied
for it in time.
_ The committee, under all the circumstances, be-
lieving that her present condition is equivalent to
that of widowhood, recommend the passage of the
accompanying biU.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not going to object to
this bill if this is to be the rule that the Sen-
ate intend to establish. I happened to serve
on the Committee on Pensions for two years,
and I remember very distinctly that the rule
that, had always prevailed up to that time, and
which was followed at that time and until very
recently—I never knew that.it had been departed
from—was, that a pension should only com-
mence running from the time the application
was made, either to the Department or to Con-
gress. _ Now, there is no reason assigned here,
according to that report, why the application
was not made in 1850, or some time between
1850 and 1857, when she married the second
time. Then, in the second place, it seems that
this woman has a husband now alive. They
are separated. We do not know whether they
are divorced or not. We do not know the
character of that separation. They may be
living together to-day. I only call the atten-
tion of the Senate to it. If this is to be the
character of the precedent we are to establish
in rthe future,'there are a great many other
eases that will come within the same rule.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. This is a case, like
many others that come here, which addresses
itself somewhat to the discretion of the Senate,
of course, and to the discretion of the commit-
tee. in the first place, upon their sense of jnstice
and propriety. I cannot recall at this moment
the reason that, hindered this woman from get-
ting this pension during her widowhood. Her
case is a meritorious one, I remember, and one
to which the committee felt inclined to yield
something if they could. They have given her
this pension, which she was entitled to receive
for the services of her husband in the Mexican
