286.6
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
June* 5,
there is in that-. Swollen rivers do not estab-
lish a constitution, even if in the torrid zone
those swollen rivers should be floating mount-
ains of ice! No, sir; you cannot establish
a constitution thus. If the forces of nature
have been against the giving of a full vote you
must allow another election. It does not elect
anybody; it does not adopt a constitution. All
you can do, I repeat, is to order a new elec-
tion in that event.
So upon this charge of fraud. Some per-
sons did not vote, it is said, because there was
some interference. If there were a case of
that sort established by evidence, all you could
do would be, not to say that if these people
had been there they would have voted thus or
thus, because you cannot say that, but to order
a new election and give them aii opportunity
to vote. That is all the case calls for.
Mr. President, I do not intend to continue
the discussion upon this question. It is a plain
one. A majority of Congress thought fit to
establish the law of last winter, and in that
law you said that if a majority of the people
did not vote at the election the constitution
should stand rejected. A majority of the peo-
ple of Alabama did not vote, and according to
your law it stands rejected, and now you pro-
pose to say that a constitution thus standing
rejected, according to your own law, shall be
established by congressional will and pleasure
and power. Is that right? Do you intend to
stand upon that proposition ?
It is very different from the case of Arkan-
sas; and in that I do not quite agree with my
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bcckalew.]
Of course, we all know the transaction in
Arkansas, how thousands of votes were cast,
or pretended to be cast, that were not there ;
how it is palpable, upon the papers themselves,'
that the election was not a fair one ; and yet
the returns are in favor of that election, prima
facie the case is made. Here, however, the
return, the prima facie case is against Alabama,
according to your law, and in order to carry
Alabama through you have got to say that you
yourselves will disregard the law which you
said the people of Alabama must regard.
What was the effect of this? Your law said
to the people of Alabama ''a majority must
vote, else the constitution is not adopted ; the
man who remains away from the polls casts
a vote against the constitution as well as if he
attends and casts a vote against it."
That was the effect of your law. That was
the effect of his vote under your law. It was
a vote against the constitution. If he stayed
away it stood as a vote against the constitu-
tion, because your law so provided. Now, the
law stili standing at the time of the election
you reverse it, and say that a vote which stood
as against the constitution shall be counted for
it. You reverse your law ; you reverse what
you said should be a law to the people of Ala-
bama. You mislead them ; you induce a man
to stay away from the election and not to cast
his vote against the constitution ; and after
having thus induced him by what purported to
be a law, you say that his vote shall stand for
that constitution because the rivers were high !
Who expects to stand upon a proposition like
that before intelligent people ? I do not care
that you change the law this session; let the
people know in advance that staying away has
no legal effect, and then they can do as they
please ; but passing a law peculiar in this feat-
ure that not to vote is to vote against the con-
stitution, and then afterward to say that that
vote shall be counted for the constitution, is
of itself, in my judgment, in the nature almost
of a fraud upon the people thus treated. How
is it; did the law of last winter have any valid-
ity and force? Does it bind the people of
Alabama and not you? Can Congress disre-
gard its own law after an act has been done
under that law ? This is the law that there is
in this question, in my humble judgment.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, as thevote
stood in Alabamathere was a majority of sixty-
nine thousand in favor of adopting the consti-
tution over the vote that was cast against it.
There are some notorious facts in connection
with Alabama to which in our capacity here
we have a right to refer and to place some stress
upon. One of these facts is that there is a
large body of white Union men in the State
of Alabama equal to that of any southern State,
unless it is the State of North Carolina; and
when you look to the vote in North Carolina
and Georgia and South Carolina, held under
the law in its present form, and look to the
majorities that were given for the constitutions
in those States, we eanuot doubt as intelligent
men that if the election had been held in Ala-
bama under that law there would have been a
large majority in that State for the constitution
over the vote given against it, although the
course of policy might then have been differ-
ent on the part of the enemies of the constitu-
tion, and they would have made an effort to
defeat the constitution by voting against it
instead of staying at home. We cannot doubt
from the vote given under the circumstances,
and from what we know in regard to Alabama
as compared with ,ot'ner southern States, that
there is a large and decided majority in Ala-
bama in favor of reconstruction and in favor
of the constitution recently formed there.
In view of these notoiious facts, is it not com-
petent for the same Congress that passed the
first law to waive its provisions? That is the
simple question. If there is such moral evi-
dence as to satisfy our minds that there is a
majority of Union men in that State and that
the result would not have been different if
the vote had been taken under the present law
instead of the law in its previous form, I ask
what objection there is to the same Congress
that made the law waiving that condition.
Now, we are asked to refuse to receive the
constitution of Alabama because there was not
cast for it a majority of all the registered vote.
We are asked to keep Alabama out and to keep
her under a constitution which she now has,
which was never ratified at all. The present
constitution of Alabama, under which her State
government exists, was never submitted to the
people; it was not ratified by a majority of one
hundred or five hundred or one thousand. It
was simply adopted by a convention, the dele-
gates to which convention were elected by
about one third of the white vote as it stpod
in 1865, by about one sixth of the voters of
the State of Alabama. This convention thus
created by a small minority, even, of the white
people of Alabama, met and formed a consti-
tution, and put it into operation without sub-
mitting it for ratification at all. And, sir, in
behalf of that constitution, and the continuance
of the State government created by it, we are
asked to reject a constitution that has been
ratified by a majority of the registered votes
lacking only some five or six thousand.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that the po-
sition is not a very logical one. In my judg-
ment we are to act in our legislation here for
the good of the whole country, and not to con-
sider ourselves estopped, as it were, by some
provision that we might have put in a former
law, which was unreasonable and absurd at the
time. I fought that old provision with what-
ever ability I had. I thought it remarkably
strange that we should provide that every man
who was drunk, or who had since died, or who
had run away, or who was in jail, or had been
sent to the penitentiary, since the time the
registration was made should be counted against
the constitution. To use plain language, I could
not see that there was any sense in it. It was
giving every possible advantage to the ene-
mies of reconstruction to say that every man
who from any cause was kept from the polls
should be counted against the constitution if
his name had before that time been registered.
The registry was some months before the elec-
tion. "By the time the election came round
many of the registered voters had left the State ;
others had died; others were deterred from
going to the polls; some had not the means to
go ; and yet by this most absurd and remark-
able provision all these men were to be counted
as voting against the constitution.
Mr. President, when yon consider the-diffi-
culties under which this vot£ was cast in the
winter time, it is surprising that so many men
voted in Alabama. I believe they only had
one poll in each county. Was not that the
fact? .
Mr. SHERMAN. I think one in each county.
Mr. MORTON. And some of them were
very large counties. Some of these counties,
I understand, contain five or six hundred
square miles. The colored people, without
horses, without means of traveling, were often
required to travel twenty-five or thirty miles
to get to the polls. In a country where the
rivers are unbridged, where there are scarcely
any roads, this was a serious obstacle ; and I
say, in view of all these facts, the vote was
remarkably large. Take the old States; take
the State of Indiana, for example, where you
can scarcely find a precinct to which the voters
have to travel more than six or seven miles, •
and generally less than that; where the places
of voting are frequent in every county, as many
as there are townships, and sometimes two or
three in a township; and if you were submit-
ting a constitution for ratification in the State
of Indiana it would be hard, under the circum-
stances, however popular it might be, to require
a majority of all the registered voters to vote
in favor of that constitution to ensure its adop-
tion.
Looking at the distance the voters had to
travel, the season of the year, the utter pov-
erty of the great majority, of them, and upon
the fact that the colored people were living on
the plantations and on the property of their
enemies, politically speaking, and that every
means was resorted to for the purpose of pre-
venting them from going to the polls, induce-
ments held out—for that was the game_ that
the opponents of reconstruction were playing—
to stay away themselves and keep everybody
else away, if possible, because every coloied
man who was thus kept at home, from any
cause, was counted as against the constitu-
tion—in view of all these facts, the vote was
remarkably large. It has been said here to-
day, I forget by whom, that the vote cast in
favor of the constitution was a larger percent-
age of all the registered voters than was cast
in any other State before or since. Notwith-
standing the provision in the law referred to
by my colleague, I have no hesitation in voting
for the immediate admission of Alabama. .Let
us have done wjth this business. What is to
be gained by throwing Alabama back and
requiring her to hold another election ? The
Union party is being demoralized there. It
has just been formed under the most adverse
circumstances. It has not the wealth, it has
not the means for holding together the organ-
ization for carrying on another canvass that
parties would have in older States where they
have more wealth, and where they have been
longer formed, No, sir ; let us take this State
by the hand and welcome her into the Union,
and every one of the others where there is a
majority in favor of the constitution.
Now, Mr. President, one word in regard to
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts. While I am in favor of the
immediate admission of Alabama, I am sorry
to find that some of our friends place more
weight upon this technicality agreat deal than
I do. I do not want to endanger the admis-
sion of the other five States by the views some
of our friends hold in regard to Alabama; and
as we need their votes to pass the bill over a
veto, if it should be vetoed, it might perhaps
be safer to put Alabama into a bill by itself
and pass it separately, as we did the bill for the
admission of the State of Arkansas. There-
fore, under all the circumstances, I believe that
I shall not vote for the amendment offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts simply upon
that ground, wanting it understood all the time
that I am in favor of the immediate admission
of the State of Alabama.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, in submit-
ting this amendment I was guided by a desire
to do justice to Alabama. Tho law originally
