1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL? GLOBE.
framed requiring that a majority of all the
registered voters should vote <yi the ratifica-
tiou of the constitution, gave all the advan-
tages to the opponents of the constitution. In
the most excited elections, nearly one fifth of
all the voters fail to vote. Out of the one hun-
dred and seventy thousand registered voters
of Alabama it was reasonable to suppose that
from thirty to forty thousand would stay away
from the polls. These thirty or forty thousand
voters staying away from the polls were counted
against the adoption of the constitution. Now,
how can a law be wise the object of which was
to bring these States back into the Union again
on the basis of loyalty and liberty, which pro-
vided that one fifth of all the registered voters
should be counted against the constitution ?
J-hen it violated another sacred principle.
Every man who went to the polls in Alabama
and voted at^ this election was known to be
ior the constitution, and he was marked and
branded and punished for it, thus violating the
secresy of the ballot. Never in the history of
the world was thcie such a provision in legisla-
tion for such a purpose, and I do not see how
it is to be defended here or elsewhere.
But, sir, the same law made another provision
to which 1 desire to call the attention of Senators.
It was that the voters should have an oppor-
tunity to vote freely and without restraint,
fear, or the influence of fraud; and it was
provided that the State should be admitted if
Congress should be satisfied that the constitu-
tion met "the approval of a majority of all
the qualified electors in the State." I main-
tain that the people of Alabama had no oppor-
tunity to vote without fear or restraint. The
great masses of the people who voted to adopt
tuis constitution were laboring men, black
and white. They were the poor bondmen who
had been oppressed, or they were the laboring
white men who had been degraded by the sys-
tem of slaveiy. These persons, living on the
lands of others, living in little cabins owned by
others, employed by them, were more or less
under the dominating influence of these per-
sons. A gentleman who had occupied the seat
you, sir, occupy, who had presided over this
body, having many men in his employment,
told them, it is said, that he would dismiss
them it they voted for the constitution. They
voted, and he did dismiss them.
Mr. JOHNSON. Who was that?
Mr. WILSON. Fitzpatriek.
Mr. JOHNSON. Fitzpatriek of Alabama?
Mr. WILSON. Fitzpatrrefrof Alabama, who
left the Senate Chamber and went iuto the rebel-
lion. The loyal professional man was visited
and threatened with the consequences if he
dared to vote for this constitution. Old mer-
chants who had been ill Alabama for twenty
years were visited by committees and told that
no more goods should be sold by them, and
committees were sent to their doors to watch,
warn, and mark every person who should buy
goods of them. Inlluences of this kind were S
used all over the State, and thousands of votes '
were lost to the constitution by this overbear-
ing, oppressive, and aggressive policy. Not
satisfied with that, men were met with the revol-
ver, and their lives threatened.
There is a regular organized system of intim-
idation, the whole social power and influence
of the rebel element was brought to bear with
terrible force. Old business men and old
planters, natives of the South, were made to
feel the force of social proscription, yet the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hexdiiicrs] tells
us that the Army and the Freedmen's Bureau
controlled and dominated in that State. How
could our little Army in Alabama affect the
public sentiment? How much social influence
had the officers of the Freedmen's Bureau?
General Swayue was at the head of the Freed-
men's Bureau in that State for many months.
Mr. CONNESS. He was a very moderate
man, too.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir. General Swayne
Was one of the purest and best of men, yet he
was put under the ban of social proscription.
Sir, I believe if the people of Alabama conld
have voted without fear, restraint, or fraud, that
the constitution would have been ratified by a
majtmty of tens of thousands. Yes, sir, there
is this day and there was on the day of election
from twenty-five to fifty thousand majority in
Alabama for the constitution. She would have
cast the largest majority for the constitution of
any of the rebel States, and as it is, in spite of
winter storms, violence, social proscription,
and the law we hastened to repeal when we
saw its workings, she gave the largest percent-
age of her registered votes in favor of the con-
stitution of any of the States, South Carolina
excepted. Forty-four per cent, of the registerd
voters of Alabama voted for the constitution.
Alabama is, of the ten rebel States, the strongest,
safest,^ and most surely loyal, and quite as
deserving as any of them.
During the four years ot war it was our first
and highest duty to put down the rebellion.
Since the close of the war it has seemed to me
to be the paramount duty of the country to
restore the rebel States on the basis of loyalty
and security for the liberties of the people.
We have endeavored to act on the policy of
the unity of the Republic and the equal rights
and privileges of the people. Some gentle men
have been ready to take back those States rebel
end foremost. Yes, sir; some gentlemen have
been in favor of taking back the States and of
putting those States under the control of rebels,
whose rebellious spirits are still unsubdued, and
of putting the loyal masses, black and white,
under their feet. The President was the head
of this party that sought to restore the suprem-
acy, at least in the rebel States, if not in the
country, to what gentlemen sometimes call the
" natural leaders of the South," the old rebel
slave masters. The President's policy of recon-
struction has perished and its champions have
gone down beneath the stern condemnation of
the loyal people. Congress adopted the wise,
just, and beneficent policy of reconstruction
that has already prepared seven of the ten rebel
States for restoration. I do not say, sir, that
the policy of reconstruction was perfect in
theory or is perfect in practice. The terrible
mistake was committed of leaving the rebel
office-holders in those States in power. I have
always believed that it was a mistake to deny
suffrage to any man in the rebel States, and
could I have controlled it I would have made
it otherwise. We excluded a small body of
men, men who had sworn to support the Con-
stitution and had gone into the rebellion, from
the right of suffrage. Of the eight hundred
thousand white voters in the rebel States, not
fifty thousand were denied the right of suffrage
by our reconstruction acts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say to the Sen-
ator that I was told by a very prominent citi-
zen of the State of Alabama, whose opinion on
the subject I believe, that there were from
tw.enty-five to thirty thousand in that State
excluded by your law.
Mr. WILSON. There never could be a
greater mistake on the face of the earth. We
excluded simply the men who had held office
and taken an oath to support the Constitution
of the United States, and there is not a State
that had ten thousand of such persons. It
would not have altered the result in a single
State if we had provided otherwise. Some of
the very best friends of reconstruction were
men who could not vote.
The Senator from Indiana near me [Mr.
Mortos] tells us that some of our friends
are embarrassed by this amendment; that he
intends to vote against it, and to vote for the
admission of Alabama in a separate bill at the
earliest possible moment. My object in mov-
ing this amendment is to have the Senate, act
in harmony with the House of Representatives
in hastening the grand work of reconstiuc- ,
tion. I propose therefore to vote, if I vote !
alone, to put Alabama into the pending bill, j
1 am not unmindful of the influences of the j
spirit of partisanship that often actuate us
when we perhaps are not conscious of it. I
desire above all things the speedy restoration
of the rebel States to their practical relations,
on the_ basis of loyalty to. the country and
equal rights to citizens without distinction of
color or race. I assure the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Buokalew,] and all Senators on
that side oi the Chamber, that-1 shall vote for
the speedy admission oi every State that com-
plies with the terms and conditions we have
imposed, without reference to how such State
may vote in the coming presidential election.
Nine constitutions securing equality of rights
and privilege have been framed. Six" of
those constitutions have been ratified by popu-
lar majorities of more than one hundred thou-
sand, and the constitution of Alabama has
received a majority of seventy thousand. I
welcome each one and all of these seven States
in the full belief that the men who have framed
these constitutions and ratified them by more
than one hundred and seventy thousand ma-
jority—the men who have elected Governors
and Legislatures and Kepresentatives to Con-
gress fully and unreservedly committed to the
perpetual unity of the country and the equal
rights and privileges of American citizens, are
wise enough and strong enough to guide the
policies and control the councils of those States.
The inasses of the men who have framed these
constitutions and ratified them may be ignor-
ant and they may be poor, but they have done
a grand work for loyalty, liberty, justice, and
humanity. In coming years, as in the past
year, these men, inspired by love of country
and a sense of justice, may be able to cope
successfully with the proud champions of dis-
loyalty and caste. I unhesitatingly place the
power in their hands confident that they are
worthy to be trusted and tried.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President 
Mr. BUCKALEW. If the Senator will per-
mit me, I desire to make an explanation of
but a single word.
Mr. YATES. I desire to say only a few
words myself.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Very well.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, when I have
cast a vote that I think was dictated by sound
policy and was a right vote, I do not like to
hear it treated and denounced as self-evidently
wrong by Senators upon this floor. I believe
that that vote was dictated by sound policy,
and I do not choose now, unless better reasons
are given than those which have been pre-
sented, to admit that I was in error. That vote
was given at a time when a different state of
feeling prevailed from that which seems to pre-
vail now. It was at a time when the Senator
from Massachusetts, with most eloquent voice,
was telling us that these men had rebelled
against the Government, that they had organ-
ized war, that they had sought the life of the
nation, and that they were not to be received
into the Union, if it was for fifty years, until
they gave indications of loyalty an^fidelity to
their Government.
Those Senators who voted in favor of requir-
ing the largest number of voters to sanction the
new constitutions were in favor of more loyalty
than is now contended for by the Senator from
Massachusetts when he says that a minority
shall rule and govern, it may yet appear,
sir, that that vote was right, and that those
who cast that vote were more far-seeing than
those who denounced it. Perhaps ihe time
will come when the wisdom of it will be shown
to those who now denounce it, when perhaps
at the very first election these States shall send
into the House of Representatives and into the
Senate those rebel leaders who organized war,
who sought and worked for their country's
murder. When they come here, and, uniting
with the Democratic party of the North, resume
their former position and power in this country
to upset and to destroy our plan and policy of
reconstruction which has cost us so much time
and labor, it may then appear, sir, that those
who required a vote the indication of the highest
loyalty and of repentance on the part of tiiese
southern rebels, acted the part of statesmen
instead of giving a vote which is liable to be
denounced as self-evidently wrong.
In taking this position I do not mean to say
