460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
our agents unwise, unnecessary, and wrong, ■'
we are nono the less bound by them. The
faith of our obligations in every respect must
be sustained to the last day, without a blemish
aud without a spot. Our duties are to see how
best we can repair the damages already done
without adding to thein. To restore the dead
we cannot; to admonish the living we may.
• Our duties are to the future and not to the .
past.
Prior to the effects of a plethoric, degraded
money system was the time for gentlemen to
have deplored the results of a depreciated cur-
rency, of an impaired national credit, of un-
productive speculation, of neglected farms, of ;
crowded cities, deca>ing ships, rusting wheels, i
impeded commerce, departed morals, and indi- . j
vidual bankruptcy. They did not do it. All
then was rose color and autumn tints. They
then sowed the wind. J would not have them I
reap the whirlwind. We have inflated the !
balloon; we have landed upon a barren island. ':
Instead of undertaking to swim to the main-
land against tides, against winds and cur-
rents, I would wait for the friendly craft to
insure our safe deliverance.
Now, sir, the relative proportion of currency
to the property of the country should be pre-
served, allowing for the increased use of credit
as wealth increases.
New York may be taken as a representative
city of the United States. The business of
that city for the past eleven years, as repre-
sented by the business of the banks, has been
as follows. I give the average per day for three
hundred and thirteen days of each year:
1856 $22,278,000
1857—    26,968,000
185 8  15,393,000 I
1859   20,867,000
1860   23.401,000
1861    19.2(39,000
186 2    22,207,000 I
18(33  48,428,000
1804  77,984.000
186 5  84,79(3,000
186 6      93,541,000
1867.  93,101,000
It will here be seen that the business of the
country last year was four times in excess of that
done in the great speculating year of 1857, six
times in excess of 1808, five times greater than
in 1861; that it had reached the exact point in
1862 which it occupied in 1856 ; that in 1863
it increased over one hundred percent.; in 1864,
near seventy per cent.; in 1865, ten per cent.;
in 1866, ten per cent.; and that in 1807 there
has been a slight falling off. Contrasting these
figures with what we see about us, how cor-
rectly do they portray the state of the business
prosperity of the country. So long as currency
multiplied or was stationary the people felt
confidence in their investments, aud business
increased with the removal of our frontier,
with the increase of population, and with the
development of our resources. When a reverse
policy is pursued capital takes the alarm, is
withdrawn from industrial pursuits and placed
within reach ; new contracts cease in order to
liquidate old ones; expenses are not dimished;
accumulation of profits are suspended, and suf-
fering prevails.
But we are told that an irredeemable paper
currency is a great evil; that we have too much
circulation, and that until it is curtailed we can
never restore ourselves to a specie standard.
I admit the evil, but I deny both the other
assertions. Values and business have now
accommodated themselves to this new state of
things. In fact, a great and damaging reac-
tion has already taken place. Fortunes have
been sunk and wide-spread suffering now pre-
vails from the effort to discount the action of
the Government. In 1860 we had in round
numbers $500,000,000 of currency to perform
less than one fourth the service which is now
done. We have now in round numbers
$700,000,000 of currency only to do four times
the amount of business which we then did.
Our currency is not to6 large in amount.
But within the past sixteen months we have
"etired $100,000,000, or one eighth of our
circulating medium. Values have shrunk in
proportion. Speculation, as well as a large
percent, of legitimate business, is dead. The
currency of a country is like the center of a
wheel, the values of property resting upon it
being the circumference. We can follow its
expansive centrifugal force without danger,
but when the motion is reversed and it acts
with centripetal power it checks the momen-
tum of a world. Remove the center and the
circumference crumbles with the slightest
touch. The core of the earth, a foot in diam-
eter, moves too slowly for the eye to record, its
motion in making but one revolution in twenty-
four hours, but at its surface it flies in space
seventeen miles in a single minute. The con-
ditions of society accommodate themselves to
an expanding currency without interruption.
They cannot do* so when contraction takes
place, for the reason that one side of the ac-
count becomes fixed and immovable. As
money disappears values shrink, but debts re-
main at their full face, and a demand to pay
always comes when there is least to pay with.
Yet there are those who can see no remedy
for our evils except in returning exactly to our
old state of affairs. This is as impossible
as it is unnecessary. They still ask why we
cannot as well contract currency as we can
expand it? I will again answer plainly that
it is because so large a proportion of our prop-
erty is represented by credit or debts which no
legislation can reduce,-and which are always
called in when reduced earnings reflect an
inability to pay interest.
Weliave$21,000,000,000of property, all rep-
resented by $700,000,000 of circulating me-
dium, or three per cent, of money to ninety-
seven per cent, of confidence and credit. The
General Government owes $2,639,000,000. The
States owe $373,000,000. Cities, towns, and
municipalities I will estimate at $200,000,000;
the debts of railroads, canals, and incorpora-
tions at $1,000,000,000, and of merchants,
manufacturers, and individuals to each other
at $2,000,000,000. Here we have a total in-
debtedness of $6,211,000,000. To contract
our currency another hundred millions would
lessen the value of our property $3,000,000,000,
with our debts unaffected; to contract $300,-
000,000 would extinguish the value of our
property one half, and yet our debts would still
remain as before.
This, Mr. Chairman, is the reason why,
when we have committed the error of undue
expansion, we cannot contract as we expanded.
I trust this point will be carefully weighed
and considered. If it can be shown how we
can lessen our debts as we should our money
and our property I shall be willing to try the
experiment.. Until this can be shown it is idle
to talk about forcing specie payment without
its costing us a hundred dollars for every one
we save. And this is not the worst of it, the
poor do all the suffering while the bond-holder
is alone exempt.
Another reason, sir, why contraction must
cease, is the large amount of our debt which
has been suddenly created and the bonds of
which cost the holders but a small price, and
which can any day be turned back upon us at
a profit to the holders. Every one per cent,
decline irt gold here is one per cent, profit
added to several hundred millions of these
bonds held abroad.
I again repeat, Mr. Chairman, that our cur-
rency is not too large ; that a further contrac-
tion is unnecessary, is inexpedient, and is
ruinous; that we must wait for natural causes
and for legislation to develop and quicken the
industries of the people, and thus to restore
us to the specie standard of the world. At
the same time we desire no more expansion
and then again a cry for contraction. We have
already sustained the losses on one shrinkage.
Do not let us repeat this unnecessary tor-
ture. Let the currency rest in amount where
it now is. If it were fifty millions less or fifty
millions more I should say the same thing.
Stability more than amount is the requirement
of commerce. Give us a fixed policy, some
certain basis upon which merchants, manufac-
turers, planters, and business men can rely for
future operations. Now, low prices do not
tempt the buyer. Manufacturers are running
on half time or not at all. They refuse to take
the farmers' wool at prices lower than have
been known for twenty years. Merchants buy
from hand to mouth only. The money ordi-
narily engaged in legitimate business is now
loaned upon call at low rates and again re-
loaned to thoso who bull gold and speculate in
stocks. By fixing the standard this money
would again return to its proper channels; it
would again harness the water-power and put
the spindles in motion; it would give employ-
ment to the needy and bread to the hungry; it
would create rapid interchange of commodi-
ties and lighten the burden of taxation; "it
would enhance the value of our bonds and
remove one of the props from the gold market.
Let a law be passed designating the day when
the Government and banking institutions shall
be compelled to pay gold, and one universal
scramble for gold commences which sacrifices
everything and everybody to this one object
and this one necessity. There is literally no
bottom to values when confidence is gone and
panic stretches its withering blight ov.«r the
industries of a nation. There exists no meas-
ure by which to calculate the suffering which
such causes entail upon a people. Business
stagnates and values disappear like dew before
the morning sun. Wheels rust in their sockets ;
ships rot in idleness by their empty wharves;
the artisan's hammer is silent; luxuries are
dispensed with; labor is not required; food
will not bring the cost of transportation ; mus-
cle cannot earn bread, or worth or age or
tears buy coals. The solvent merchant of yes-
terday becomes the bankrupt debtor of to-day;
famine stalks the streets, doors are closed
against former tenants, and misery and sadness
are everywhere. The bond-holders of England
inaugurated the same cry which we hear here
to-day, andinsisted that tlieGovernmentshould
return to specie payment immediately after the
battle of Waterloo and the close of the war in
1815. She had been under suspension since
1797, while Napoleon carried on his wars with
gold. Although Napoleon wasdefeated France
recuperated while England retrogaded for
many years. She fixed the day of resumption
in July, 1810. Within a month after the an-
nouncement gold advanced twenty per cent.
The bankruptcies increased fifty-five per
cent, over those of the preceding year. The
wild disorder which soon prevailed, and pro-
duced, as we are told, "a state of suffering
greater than England had known since the Nor-
man Conquest," compelled the Government to
postpone resumption until July, 1818.
Under this brief reprieve industry again
revived and hope obtained a foothold for future
endurance. Bankruptcies in 1818 declined
fifty per cent. But the bond-holders who had
invested at sixty cents were still clamorous
and capital remained timid. Government had
learned by experience and preferred to let
well enough alone. The bullionists, however,
carried through a compromise resolution in
1819 providing for partial resumption in May,
1820, and for entire resumption in May, 1821,
Then, as if by the sound of a tocsin, England
again took the alarm and the people paid the
penalty. Still again was the time extended,
and it was not until 1824 that specie payment
was finally and completely resumed. Then
commenced that terrible revulsion which car-
ried misery everywhere, and which was fast
reducing England to a state of barbarism. It
was after resumption, and not before—it was
in 1825, twenty-eight years after England broke
the metallic ring—that bullion, uncoined gold
and silver, would not be taken for legal-tender
debts. It was theq^that fortunes of £100,000
could not find purchasers at £5,000; it was then
those terrible bread riots commenced through-
out the kingdom ; that soldiers had to be sta-
tioned before every granary; that strong men,
