1844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
company C. sixty-first regiment New Fork vol-
unteers, and allow and pay her a, pension at
the rate of eight dollars per month for herself
daring widowhood, and two dollars per month
for each of the children, until they severally
attain the age of sixteen years, commencing
Februrary 2, 1865.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
jambs jackson.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 42o.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 423) granting a pension to James Jackson
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The Secretary of
the Interior is hereby authorized and directed
by the bill to place upon the pension-roll the
name of James Jackson, late a private in
Captain Crawford's company, first regiment
Indiana volunteers, in the war with Mexico,
and allow and pay him a pension at the rate of
eight dollars per mouth.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BAItTLlST A>'D CAKllIE HDWAKD3.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. 1 move that the Sen-
ate now proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 424.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 4*24) granting a pension to Bartlet and
Carrie Edwards, children of David W. Ed-
wards, deceased, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
By it the Secretary of the Interior is directed
to place upon the pension-roll the names of
Bartlet and Carrie Edwards, children under
sixteen years of age of David W. Edwards,
deceased, and to allow and pay to them or
their legally appointed guardian or guardians
a pension at the rate of fifteen dollars per
month, from the P>0th of October, 1804, until
they shall respectively attain the age of,six-
teen years.
Mr. CAMERON. I should like to know
why these parties are allowed fifteen dollars a
month and others are only allowed eight dol-
lars, and why the pension goes back three
years ?
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
bill again.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. CAMERON. Does the word "they"
near the close of the bill include both of them ?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. _ Yes, sir. Under the
law the children are entitled to the same pen-
sion as their parents. There is no wife in this
case. The children are motherless as well as
fatherless. Their pension is fifteen dollars for
the rank which he held—assistant provost mar-
shal. The fifteen dollarsis paid to the children
jointly until one of them attains the age of six-
teen years, and then to the other until he or
she attains that age. The bill is in strict ac-
cordance with the law. The only question was
as to the capacity in which this man acted.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to insert, the word
"jointly."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That wouiu not be right,
because when one arrives at the age of sixteen
the pension would stop.
Mr. CAMERON. I propose that it shall be
paid to them jointly until one of them arrives
at that age.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As soon as tney arrive
at the age of sixteen the pension stops, under
the law. One of them, of course, will arrive
at that age before the other. It goes to both
until one arrives at the age of sixteen, and then
it goes to the other.
Mr. CAMERON. The bill does not say so?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that would be
the construction of it.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to have an amend-
ment made so as to make that certain.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
report. Let us see \\}hat this case is.
The Secretary read the following report sub-
mitted by Mr. Van Wixki.e, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, on the 0th of March :
The Committee on Pen-ions, to whom was referred
the petition of Caroline A. llaehelder, late widow of
David W. Edwaids, deceased, having considered the
same, report:
The petitioner in this case, Caroline A. Bachelder,
represents that she was the widow of David W. Ed-
wards, deceased, late of Liberty, Waldo county,
Maine, but lias remarried, and prays that a pension
may bo granted to tbe children under sixteen years
of age of the said Edwards. In 18tiJ howasappointed
a special agent by tiio provost marshal of the fifth
concessional district of Mamo, and while in the dis-
charge of his duty as such agent, acting under special
instructions from the headquarters of tho provost
marshal, and while attempting the arrest of parties
resisting tho laws of tiic United States, he was shot
anil instantly killed.
Tho committee, aftor a careful examination of the
proofs in this ea?c, and all tho circumstances con-
nected with it. are decidedly of the opinion that the
children of said Edwards arc justly entitled to a pen-
sion, and recommend the passage of the accompany-
ing bili.
Mr. CAMERON. I offer an amendment to
the bill that the pension be paid to them jointly
until the eldest becomes sixteen, and then that
it shall be paid to the other. The Secretary
can put it in shape.
Mr. GRIMES. Ishould like to knowwhether
this bill is iu accordance with the precedents?
The mother is still living. These children are
not, as the Senator from West Virginia seemed
to think, orphans. The mother has married
the second time.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. That does not affect
their situation.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know whether it
affects them or not. Then, I would inquire
again, whether or not there is any law or any
precedent by which the agent of a provost
marshal is put upon the pension-list? I was
not aware before that there was any*- such
emeute'm the State of Maine. I supposed that
that was a law-abiding State and was loyal
throughout the war. 1 am 'astonished to hear
that Waldo county, in the State of Maine, rep-
resented by as loyal Senators as that State is,
should have resisted the draft, and that the
life of one of the assistant provost marshals
should have been taken in his attempt to en-
force the law.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. There is a law for it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will read the bill as proposed to be
amended by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The Secretary read as follows:
That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby au-
thorized and directed to place upon the pension-ioll
the names of Bartlet and Carrie Edwards, children
under sixteen years of age of David W. Edwards,
deceased, and to allow and pay to them jointly or
their legally appointed guardian or guardians a pen-
sion at therato of fifteen dollars per month, from the
18th day of October, 1801, until the eldest child shall
have attained the age of sixteen years, and alter
that to the youngest until it shall have attained the
age of sixteen years.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I can assure the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania that there is no occa-
sion for that amendment. Bills have been
passing Congress ever since I have been a mem-
ber of it in which the same language that is
contained in this bill has been used, and it is
perfectly understood at the Pension Office, and
I believe it is taken from the law itself. I
have sometimes used the word "severally"
instead of " respectively." But the Commis-
sioner is to pay these children a pension of fif-
teen dollars a month until they attain the age
of sixteen years. There can be no mistake
about it.
Mr. CAMEIION. Idonotdesireto be per-
tinacious in this matter. I only wish to con-
fine the bill clearly lo what is said to be the in-
tention. If the chairman of the committee is
certain about that, as he seems to be, I shall
withdraw the amendment.
ThePRES 1DENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the chair-
man of the committee what were the circum-
stances under which this assistant, provost,
marshal in Muine was killed. Perhaps the Sen-
ators from Maine can give us the information.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What about?
Mr. GRIMES. About a provost, marshal
killed in the discharge of his duty in enforcing
the draft.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. He was a special
deputy provost marshal, and was appointed for
a special purpose; and they have always beea
allowed by the law—J was lookingfor the law a
moment ago—to rank with the deputies who
were permanently in the service. This man
was sent out for the purpose of apprehending
deserters, and in the attempt to apprehend them
they shot him dead, I believe, on the spot. He
was in the service, and there is a law whieli
says that any person who is in the service of
the United States, although not regularly mus-
tered in, shall be entitled to the benefit of the
pension laws. In the spirit of the- law, at
least, we think this case is entitled to a pen-
sion. Here is the law. I read from the fourth
section of the act of July 4, 1804:
"That those persons, not enlisted soldiers in the
Army, who volunteered lor the time being to serve
with any regularly organized military or naval forco
ofthoUnitcdStates.orwhere persons otherwise vol-
unteered and rendered service in any engagement
with rebels or Indians since the 4th day of March,
1861, shalhif they have been disabled in consequence
of wounds received in battle in such temporary ser-
vice, be entitled to the same benefits of the pension
laws as thoso who havo been regularly mustered into
the United States service," &c.
In the spirit of that section and of previous
repeated decisions m reference to assistant
provost marshals, several bills of the kind
have passed Congress during the last two or
three years. I think this case is entirely
within the spirit of the law. We have allowed
these children the pension which a deputy
provost marshalship would entitle them to.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire if he does not here establish a prece-
dent by which we are bound, on application, to
continue every widow on the pension-roll,
even after she shall have married again?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Oh, no; there is a
special clause which prevents their getting
anything where they marry again.
Mr. HOWE. But this case makes a special
grant of a pension to the children of a widow
who has married again.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The law is express
that in case of the death or marriage of the
widow, or it there is no widow at the time of
the death of the husband and father, the pen-
sion goes to the children.
Mr. HOWE. Then this is in accordance
with the general law ?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Yes, sir. It goes to
the children in the first place, and then it may-
go to sisters, brothers, and fathers.
Mr. CAMERON. I think this is carrying
our pension system very far. Since the read-
ing of the report my judgment in regard to the
case is very much changed. Here was a deputy
provost marshal—some man probably who
never served in the Army at all—and in the
discharge of his duty he was killed, and his
children now ask for a pension. Upon the
same principle you ought to pension the chil-
dren of every man who is killed or disabled in
the service of a civil process. There is no dif-
ference in the two cases. The intention of the
pension laws is to give a bounty to the patri-
otism of the country, some compensation to
the heirs of those who have served their coun-
try on the tented field and who have been dis-
abled or killed in the service while exposed to
the perils of war. Hero a man, probably a
simple constable of a village, who sought the
place in going out to serve a process, by some
accident is killed in the performance of that
civil duty; and yet we are to pension his chil-
dren 1 They may be very worthy objects of
compassion; but it seems to me th's is carry-
ing the system of pensions so far that in the
end we shall be compelled to stop beeausc our
Treasury will be depleted. I move that this
bill be postponed for the present. Let us
have an opportunity to think about it, for I
fear the precedent which the chairman of mo
committee, in his kindness, is disposed to set
here. ' V
