1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ism
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ajt-
thoxy in the chair.) The Senator from Penn-
sylvania^ moves that the further consideration
of the bill be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I hope not. The
language used in this bill has been uniformly
used, and, as I have already observed, it is
perfectly understood at the Pension Office. I
hold in my hand the law of July 25, 1806, the
second section of which provides as follows:
"And in all cases in which there shall be more
than onechild of any deceased soldier or sailor leav-
ing no widow, or where his widow has died or mar-
ried again, or where she has been deprived of her
pnesion under the provisions of sectitfn eleven of an
aet entitled ' Anacisupplementary to the several acts
relating to pensions,' approved June 0,186G, the pen-
sion granted to such children under sixteen years of
age by existing laws shall bo increased to the same
amount per month that would be allowed under the
foregoing provisions to the widow if living and enti-
tled to a pension."
The law is explicit, a,nd this bill will be in-
terpreted in accordance with the haw. I trust
the amendment will not prevail. It is a mere
question of language after all; but if this
change is made it may be necessary to make
the same change in a great many bills that
have come from the House, and perhaps some
that have already passed.
Mr. TIPTON. I desire simply to say that
this case was investigated by the committee.
Although it is possible that a man might have
been found acting as deputy provost marshal
who had not patriotism enough to carry him to
the battle-field, yet the service was as import-
ant as any service performed oil the battle-
field, and to die in the discharge of a duty of
that kind, so intimately connected with the ser-
vice, would entitle the person who undertook to
perform the service to as much of the considera-
tion, and his dependent orphans to as much of
the consideration, of this body, in my humble
opinion, as though he had died in the hour of
victory upon one of the most important battle-
fields of the war. I cannot think, therefore,
that the precedent is a dangerous one to give a
pension to the minor children of one who, in
the discharge of a duty connected immediately
with that arm of the service, lost his life.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I could not lay my
hands at once upon the original law of 18(52,
which provides for these children. I have it
now before me, and I will read it. The second
section of the act of July 14, 1862, is in these
words:
"That if any officer or other person named in the
first section of this aet has died since the 4th day of
March, 1SG1, or shall hcreatter die, by icusou of any
wound received or disease contracted while in the
service of the United States, and in the line of duty,
his widow, or, it there be no widow, liisclnkl or chil-
dren under sixteen years of age, shall be entitled to
receive the same pension as ttie husband or lather
would have been entitled to had he been totally dis-
abled, to commenco from the death of the husband
or father, and to continue to the widow during her
widowhood, or to the child or children until they
severally attain the age of sixteen years, and no
longei."
There is the very language that is used in
this bill, except that the word "respectively"
is substituted for "severally," and that is a
distinction without a difference. I trust, the
language of the bill being that of the law, it will
be allowed to stand.
Mr. CAMERON. It seems perhaps a small
matter to object to a pension of fifteen dollars
a month ; but I fear if this precedent be estab-
lished it will extend the law so far as eventu-
ally to cost us millions of dollars. Now, as i
understand this case, the widow never was en-
titled to a pension, if she was, under the law
which the honorable Senator from West Vir-
ginia reads, she could go to the Pension Office
and get her pension. If her children are enti-
tled they could do so. But she never had a
pension", never believed herself entitled to it;
and now we propose to pension the children
of a person, as I said before, who was a mere
constable to serve process, and who happened
to lose his life perhaps by his ownfaslt. That
I do not know. We cannot know that. It is
a very different case irom that of a man who
puts a knapsack on his back and a musket on
his shoulder and goes out to battle, to endure
all the perils of war and all the privations
which attend a soldier's life. Here is a man
who undoubtedly sought this employment in
the village in which he lived as a matter of
favor to himself, and in the discharge of that
regular duty, to my mind, he is 110 more enti-
tjed, and his children are no more entitled, to
a pension than would be the children of a con-
stable who went out to serve a process either
military or civil. If we compensate all these
people by pensions the amount will be enor-
mous. I beg the Senator from West Virginia,
who I know is governed, like all good men,
very much by his kindlyfeelings, to at least give
us time in this matter to reflect about it, to see
that we add no new precedents to this already
immense list of pensions. Let every soldier
and the widow of every soldier and the child
of every soldier who performed service be pen-
sioned as fully as the most liberal gratitude
would dictate ; but do not. let us increase this
list by bringing- in people who have not such
claims.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I will state that this
pension ease, like that of most others that
come before the committee, was before the
Pension Office. The Commissioner of Pen-
sions was willing to allow it, as we have
allowed it, but was not satisfied that he was
authorized by law to allow a pension to the
children of this man, because he was not regu-
larly mustered and commissioned in the ser-
vice, but acting temporarily. After that had
been provided for he made no difficulty about
the children, nor does he make any in the thou-
sand other cases of the same kind. The law is
explicit and express, and, as I have already
shown, the bill uses the very language of the
law; and I trust that the amendment that has
been suggested will not prevail.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want to say
one word to the Senator from Pennsylvania,
who misapprehends the facts, as I understand
them. He supposed that this person who was
killed had volunteered, or had sought this ser-
vice for some particular benefit to himself. The
facts are that lie was acting in an entirely sub-
ordinate capacity and had no option about it.
He was not acting for a compensation, not
moved by that consideration, lie went, as ho
was commanded to do, by his superior to ar-
rest some deserters. Ho was under the com-
mand of his superior, and while attempting to
arrest some deserters he was shot dead. I
hardly think you can imagine a more meri-
torious case.
Mr. FltE LINGIIU YSEN, He was in the
military service ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir, he was
in the service, and was commanded by his
superior officer.
Mr. GRIMES. Was he an enlisted man?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir,
Mr. CAMERON. If he was a soldier I
have no objection to the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. He certainly
lost his life; there is no doubtabout that; and
he lost it in the service, and lie was under the
command of an officer who was in the service,
and was performing his duty in arresting
those persons. I submit to my friend, theie-
fore, that, so far as these poor children are
concerned  
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. If this man was a sol-
dier who had volunteered, who had been
drafted, or was in any way in the service of (he
country previous to being called upon this spe-
cial duty, 1 would have no objection. I only-
desire to know that fact.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the hon-
orable Senator think he raises a meritorious
distinction when he tries to make a distinction
between having been mustered in and drilled
in a regiment or company and the fact of serv-
ing for the arrest of parties under a military
officer charged with that duty ? The officer had
a right to eommandall persons toaidhim, and
this man went with him, not as the Senator
supposes, for a pecuniary consideration, but in
the discharge of a duty. Now, I submit to the
Senator that the result to these poor children
who are asking the aid of the Government is
as severe as it possibly could have been under
any other circumstances whatever. The father
was shot dead in the service of the country;
the service was meritorious, and it was not, as
my honorable friend supposes, a pecuniary
consideration with this man.
Mr. FERRY. As I understand, this is
the case of a deputy provost marshal in the
State of Maine whose superior officer, if you
may call him so, the provost marshal of the
district, in undertaking to arrest some de-
serters, probably from the draft, called upon
his deputies, and this man was killed in the
attempt to arrest a deserter. Now, if we had
a general law whereby the provost marshals
appointed to execute the conscription laws,
and their deputies, if wounded or killed in the
discharge of those official duties, should, in
the former instance receive pensions them-
selves, or their widows or children in the latter
instance, and here was a mere technical mis-
take or oversight, it would be a different thing.
But the question before us distinctly is this:
whether we shall adopt a system of giving pen
sions to the vast number of deputy provost
marshals who were scattered all over the loyal
States for the purpose of carrying out the
conscription laws. In every congressional
district there was a provost marshal, and in
almost every town the district marshal had a
deputy; and I know that in some cases this
position of deputy marshal of a town was sought
for—sought for for pecuniary reasons, because
there was ail opportunity to obtain a pecuniary
advantage in the arrest of deserters and the
returning of them to the principal provost
marshal. It seems to me that if we are to
adopt the principle of pensioning the families
of the deputy provost marshals who were in-
jured or killed in the discharge of their official
duty, we should have a general law for it.
There were quite a number of instances, quite
a number within my own knowledge in the
loyal States where deputy provost marshals
were injured, and in some places killed, in the
discharge of precisely similar duties to the one
in the present case. I would certainly not
favor special legislation for a particular case
of this kind.
Mr. FRELINGIICJYSEN. I think it would
be very well to have a general law, because it
is very clear that the case is just as merito-
rious as though these officers had been enlisted.
They were de facto in the service. But I ap-
prehend that the number of these cases is so
small that there is no occasion for a general
law, and that we can meet this case ; and it is
not likely to be even a precedent, for 1 do not
think there were a great many provost mar-
shals killed or injured; but if there is a case
equally meritorious, then have a special Act to
cover it. J do not see any reason why this case
should not receive the favorable consideration
of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. It occurs to me that the
Senator from New Jersey proceeds upon a
wrong idea as to what our pension system iR
designed for. It is not as a gratuity, it is not
to reward men for what they have done; but
we say to the citizens of this country in ad-
vance, " We have established a pension sys-
tem : if you choose to volunteer for the service
of the United States, or if you are drafted for
i the service of the United States, and you are
killed or wounded, you shall be provided for,
in the one ease during the balance of your life
or your family in the other." We have not
said so in regard to marshals, or deputy mar-
shals, or provost marshals, or deputy provost
marshals.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator is entirely
mistaken in his notion about the law, because
the pension acts for this war did not begin
until 1802, long after the war began.
