1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
286$
fault of anybodr—it is needless now to inquire. "VVe
Eavo to deal with the incontestable fact, that in the
main they are unlettered and capricious barbarians,
turned suddenly loose from the condition of slaves,
and eager to avail themselves of freedom to indulge
and Ratify their desires and passions.
Ar*hesethe people in whom should be vested the
high gevernmental functions of establishing institu-
tions and enacting and enforcing laws to prevent
crime, protect property, preserve peace and order in
society, and promote industry, enterprise, and civil-
ization in .Alabama, and the power and honor of the
United States? Withoutproperty, without industry,
without any regard for reputation, without control
over their own caprices and strong passions, and
without tear of punishmentunder laws by courts and
through juries which are created by and composed
of themselves or of those whom they elect. How can
it be otherwise than that theywillbring.tothe great
injury of themselves its well as of us andourchildren,
blight, crime, ruin, and barbarism on this fair land?
Without reading all of this—for it is too long
to occupy the time of the Senate with it—these
men in conclusion implore the Congress of the
United States to rule them rather by military
force than to undertake to place them under
the domination and control of the colored race.
They say:
" Continue over us, if you will doso, your own rule
by the sword. Send down among us honorable and
upright men of your own people, of the raeo to which
you and we belong; and ungracious, contrary to wise
policy and the institutions of the country, and tyran-
nous as it will be, no hand will be raised among us
to resist by force their authority. But do aot, we
implore you, abdicate your own rule over us by
transferring us to the blighting, brutalizing, and un-
natural dominion of an alien and inferior race, a
race which has never shown sufficient administrative
capacity for the good government of even tne tribes
into which it hasalways been broken up in its native
seats, and which in all ages has itself furnished slaves
for all the other races of the earth."
Mr. President, what these men state from
Alabama is supported by the concurrent testi-
mony of more than nine tenths of all the white
men in all the States of the South. I do not
say that there are not exceptions, of negroes
that are brought up in families, brought up in
cities, brought up in those employments where
they have the knowledge and the habits of
white men and of freemen. The mulattoes,
who partake to a certain extent of the intelli-
gence of the whites, may generally be excep-
tions to thisgeneral rule ; but as applied to the
great mass of those people, who have just
been set free by emancipation in the South,
this is the concurrent testimony not only of
these gentlemen but of nine tenths of all the
white population of the South, and I will add
nine tenths of all the white population of the
North that ever lived at the South or traveled
among them and know really anything about
their true condition. The fact is that the great
majority of these people are utterly unfit to
have suffrage placed in their hands as the
basis of reconstruction in the States of the
South.
Sir, I stand not upon the authority of these
gentlemen alone; 1 give you other authority
that the honorable Senator from California
will not claim to be rebel authority. I give
you the authority of Mr. Lincoln, the late
President of the United States. Mr. Lincoln
said :
"I am not, nor never have been, in favor of making
voters or jurors of negroes, nor qualifying them to
holdoiliec, nor intermarrying them with white people;
and I will say in addition toth^s that there is a physioal
diU'erence between the white and black races which,
I believe, will forever forbid the two races living
together on terms of social and political equality—
and inasmuch as they cannot live, while they do
remain together—there must be a position of superior
and inferior, and I, as much as any other man, am
in favor of having the superior position assigned to
the white race."
Mr. WILSON. Tell us what date that was.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In his debate with Mr.
Douglas in the State of Illinois.
Mr. CONNESS. In what year?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I forget the year.
Mr. CONNESS. Eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And there is also the
testimony of Mr. Jefferson on this subject,
given a long time ago. It is true he was the
author of the Declaration of Independence,
but he spoke of the difference which God the
Almighty has stamped upon these two races,
and which the law of Congress cannot repeal.
So, also, the statement of the honorable Sena-
tor from Illinois., [Mr. Trumbull,] -when he
said :
"I know that there is a distinction between the
two races, because the Almighty him-elf has marked
it upon their very faces, and, in my judgment, man
cannot, by legislation or otherwise, produec a per-
fect equality between those races so that they will
live happily together."
Mr. THAYER. What did he mean by that?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. He meant what he said,
I suppose. [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, I should
like to ask the Senator if there is any equality
among white men.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mv. President, there is
a difference between the Indian and the Cau-
casian, between the Mongolian and the Cau-
casian, between the negro and the Caucasian,
which is just as marked and distinct as it can
possibly be. There is not from the crown of
the head to the sole of the foot, in mind or in
body, anything which does not differ.
Mr. POMEROY. It is equally marked
between the Senator and myself; nobody would
mistake him for me, or me for him.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, we are
different from each other, I admit; but that
difference is by no means the kind of difference
which exists between him and an Indian, or
between me and a negro, or a Mongolian and a
negro. Why, Mr. President, when Congress
undertakes by a stroke of the pen to abolish
this distinction which the Almighty himself
has made, it has been the folly of all the follies
which man ever attempted since the world
began. Mr. Jefferson, who proclaimed the
Declaration of Independence, himself said—
I will give the honorable Senator his words:
"Nothing is more certainly written in the book of
fate than that these people arc to be free. Nor is it
less certain that the two races—equally free—cannot
live in the same Government."
That is Jefferson. Is my friend from Ne-
braska satisfied? My honorable friend from
Nebraska knows very well the distinction be-
tween a white man and an Indian. He knows
that Congress cannot by legislation make an
Indian a white tnan. lie knows very well that
habit, nature, prejudice, all there is in a white
man and all there is in an Indian is different
from each other. It is so as between the white
man and the negro, and it is this futile attempt
on the part of Congress to do what God the
Almighty, has said shall not be done 
Mr. THAYER. Willthe Senator allow me?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator desires
to ask a question, I will give way.
Mr. THAYEIi. The Senator asked me if
I was satisfied. I desire to remark that he
did not answer my question. I ask him now
whether Jefferson embraced negroes when he
said " all men.':
Mr. DOOLITTLE. ITe did. I have no doubt
of that; but he embraced the negro in his home
in the tropics, and the negro in his own home
in the tropics is where God the Almighty in-
tended him to be; and when the white man by
force wrenched him from his native home and
planted him here in the presence of white men
he was an exotic, an alien, an inferior race in
the presence of the white man in the white
man's home, which is in the temperate zone.
So, Mr. President, even if you go back to
the days of the Roman empire, when Ciesar
Augustus made his will, he told the Roman
empire never to undertake to conquer Ethi-
opia and Africa. Why? Because it was a
climate where the white man could not live;
it was the climate that God the Almighty had
given to the colored man as his home, and
which the colored man had a right to hold and
to hold forever.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Will the Senator allow me?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Well, Mr. President,
I do not like always to be drawn off into a
dialogue if I get to talking upon any of these
interesting topics; but if the Senator simply
desires to ask a question I have no objection
to answering it.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Harashire. I
simply wish the Senator to explain to the Sen-
ate his own record on this subject. I remem-
ber that he made a speech a few years sirice,
when the question of the exportation of the
negroes was up, in which he said that in one
or two centuries these black men would estab-
lish in the tropics a republic which would rival
the Republic of the North American continent.
I want to know how they are going to do it if
they are as debased as he now says they are?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I believe
that the negro in the hot latitudes of Central
America or the tropics, when you take him all
in all. to bear the sunshine, to bear the climate,
is the only race that can live there. The
experience of Englishmen in India has shown
that %vhite men who go there and live in that
climate, the first generation may live, the
second generation has but a feeble growth, and
the third generation becomes so depreciated
and enfeebled that they cease to propagate
their species. It is given by the fiat of the
Almighty that those tropical regions are to be
given to the tropical man, and the regions of
the temperate zones to the man who was made
for them.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
should like to ask the Senator one other ques-
tion. I ask if he does not know that the
African in this country is superior to the Afri-
can in his own country?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do know, Mr. .Presi-
dent, that he is superior here, because he has
been brought in contact with the white man,
and although it has been even in a state of
slavery the white man has educated him, and
civilized him, and given him religion—Chris-
tianity. At the same time it is equally true
that the mass of the negro race in the presence
of the white man in this zone and climate is
not the equal of the white man, and the attempt
to make him equal is impossible to be carried
into effect.
Mr. President, I suppose that Washington
and Jefferson and Madison and Clay and
Webster, and all the Presidents we have had
from Washington down to the present day
were as wise at least as we are in natural phi-
losophy and knew as much about the races of
man, and they all concurred in this opinion.
Now, Mr. President, to go a little into detail
on this question, one of the generals of our
Army in our last war stated to me a very sin-
gular circumstance that occurred in the State
of Georgia when the election camc off in that
State for the holding of the convention in one
of the populous negro counties. A gentleman
residing there was desired to take a position
in the convention. To do so it was necessary
that ho should get the negro votes. What did
he do? He engaged a bright mulatto to pre-
tend to run as a candidate against him and
circulate votes at the court-house throughout
the whole election day, and to denounce him-
self, as a matter of course. The mulatto did
so, and when they came to count up the votes
it was found that there was not one single vote
in the ballot-box for the mulatto, but every
vote was for the white man. I do not justify
any such triek as this in political matters; [
would no more descend to deception or false-
hood in politics than I would in ordinary in-
tercourse or business; but does it not go to
demonstrate how utterly unfit this population
are to exercise the right of franchise, if, in a
whole county, there is not intelligence enough
among them to enable them to ascertain that
they were voting for a white man whom they
did not intend to elect, and against a negro
whom they did intend to elect?
How was it in South Carolina? We have
the statement of Governor Perry as to one of
the elections that came off there. Be certainly
is not a rebel. lie has been a Union man
always; he was before the struggle and duriug
the struggle; and, therefore, I suppose we can
rely upon his statement.
Mr. CONNESS. Who is Mr. Perry?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Governor Perry, oi
South Carolina. . , ,
Mr. CONNESS. The rebel appointed by
Mr. Johnson?
