1868.
TME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
helpless women, and innocent children di^d of
hunger and froze with cold. Then accumu-
lated that wide-spread disorder, those heinous
crimes, and that universal suffering which God
grant may never be repeated in any country.
'The historian Alison says, ."The industry of
the nation was congealed as the flowing stream
is hv the severity of an Arctic winter.''
Yet against theories and against results like
■these, gentlemen still see* to legislate a day
when we shall pay gold, but when we shall not
eat. They seek to gratify the demands of a
few bond-holders, whose interest can always
be made secure by adding new taxation to the
poor man's necessities. They would enforce
an empty theory, barren of all good results
and freighted only with harm. They would
make the rich richer and the middling class
utterly poor. They would build up caste, aris-
tocracy, and distinctions in society repugnant
alike to the self-pride and good sense of Amer-
ican citizens.
England has since learned wisdom. While
she restricts the issue of bills in proportion to
the gold on hand she still confers extraordinary
powers upon the queen's cabinet to extend
the issue instead of curtailing it in times of
panic, and by so doing has averted the force
of setere financial hurricanes incident to any
country. It was the general letting out of
currency in the United States which relieved
the severity of the pressure in 18o7, and which
allowed us to so soon return to specie pay-
ments.
Our ability to return to specie is figured out
to us by showing that the Government, the
banks, and the people have nearly four hun-
dred million dollars of specie, and that the
Government owes in demand obligations but
$400,000,000. I gladly accept the figures, |
but we are also compelled to accept the re- j
suits. Every available dollar of legal assets '
is here conceded to the Government. What,
then, becomes of the people? Where is our
reserve to continue our transactions and to
liquidate the hundreds of millions of our in-
debtedness? What will ran our mills, trans-
port our crops, till our farms, hold our mer-
chandise, and make our individual exchanges?
The power to use debts due us as capital will
then be gone. It will for a time require dol-
lar for dollar hard cash to do our business.
Of course business shrinks to a small, indefi-
nite amount, and the consequences all can see.
It is not true that because " one dollar of gold
in ordinary times will float three dollars in
paper'' that it will or possibly can do so so soon
after imparting to it such an increased value
as resumption would give it. Any effort to
force the natural laws of commerce, operate
inversely in proportion to its strength. The <
higher the dam the greater the destruction
when it yields to the accumulated flood. The
population of the country doubles once in
thirty years. Its wealth and its demand for
a circulating medium, if left to natural laws,
double in ten to twelve years. How easy,
then, to anchor ourselves where we are and
wait for the rising tide of wealth and popula-
tion to overtake our financial position, to raise
us upon its billows and float us off upon the
sea of prosperity..
As another insurmountable obstacle to a
return to specie we must consider the position
of our so-called national banks. I fully rec-
ognize the advantages of a national system of
banking. I recognize the advantage of the
Government's printing and becoming respon-
sible for the paper circulation of the people as
not less than the advantages of its exclusive
power to coin money. A uniform solvent cur-
rency is one of the rights which a people have
to demand of its Government. I recognize the
propriety and advantage of the Government's
extending sufficient inducement to individuals
as bankers to cause them to obligate themselves
to secure the trusts which may be placed in
their hands. I do not charge that gentlemen
now owning national banks are less patriotic
or less worthy of confidence than any other
elass of men to be found in the country. They i
exercised only their equal privileges with others
in making these investments. I do, however,
charge that the system itself compels good men
to defend bad measures.
The interest of these banks is adverse to a
resumption of specie payments. I care not
what presidents and cashiers may say they are
individually willing and anxious to do, their
dividends and their profits will be reduced
when they are compelled to deal in coin; and
they, like other men, will defend their inter-
ests. On $100,000 of bonds they now draw
and the people pay $6,000 gold interest. This
gold they sell for say forty per cent, premium,
which is $2,400 added to every $6,000 received
from this source, or on $838,000,000 of these
bonds $13,520,000, or a yearly premium of four
percent, on their entire capital against resump-
tion.
Again, the owners of these institutions realize
that the extraordinary powers which they
possess were only obtained by an admixture
of a large show of patriotism with a very little
cash in a time of national distress which, as
soon as we are again upon a foundation of
equality and strength, they will lose. These
banks have deposited with the Treasury
§338,000,000 in United States bonds, on
which they draw six per cent, gold interest.
These bonds are not taxable, which is a further
profit of two to four percent. They have issued
$300,000,000 of bills called national bank bills.
These bills they also loan at rates of interest
current in the several States where issued.
They receive the deposits of the Government
and of individuals, on which they pay no inter-
est. They^ire thus allowed on one investment
interest on bonds, interest on the bills issued,
premium on gold interest sold for legal tenders,
and exemption from taxation on bonds. They
pay a tax on their circulation and deposit—on
a part of their business only, every other busi-
ness pays on all—on gross receipts, not upon
profits earned.
Do not these facts in part account for the
pious whinings of bank officers and for the
mysterious figures emanating from financial
bureaus, endeavoring to prove that these insti-
tutions are having a hard time ? Does not the
"hue and cry of the ignorant and malevolent,''
charged by the honorable Senator heretofore
referred to, here find a reason ? If these are
not immunities calculated to foster a tremen-
dous monopoly I would like to know what are.
If this is not a price calculated to keep the
country in financial degradation what can be?
If these statements are not facts, I ask how it
is that from October, 1864, to October, 1867,
only three years, tkese institutions have made
annually from ten to twenty per cent, divi-
dends ; have built marble palaces in every oity;
have paid for the most valuable corner-lots
and yet have accumulated a sinking fund of
$64,685,301, an extra dividend of nineteen per
cent, on their total capital. I do not here
include undivided earnings, since last dividend
day, a further sum of $38,751,446 21; making
a total of undivided earnings now in their
vaults of $98,436,747 21.
It is all nonsense to try to dispute the con-
clusions of these figures. The political power
of the country is gravitating into the hands of
sixteen hundred and fifty banks. They can
to-day spend $50,000,000 in printing papers,
in suborning public sentiment, in corrupting
Legislatures to carry through and perpetuate
their schemes. They hold, as in a vice, the
political support of their customers to whom
they grant loans. It is within their power to
ruin and turn upon the empty curb-stones
those who will not defend their measures.
This is not all they do and can do. They lay
directly across the door to specie payment,
which can never be reached until their fran-
chises are changed.
Although national in name they are not so
in reality. They are unequally distributed as
to locality. They do not protect depositors,
and in ordinary times they cannot protect birll-
holders. Although under the fostering hand
of the Government, and bo recently born to
life, ten of these institutions have failed, and
the Comptroller of the Currency congratulates
the country "that the total loss to the public
will be only about one million dollars." This
is under circumstances unfavorable to test the
true principles involved. The amounts were
small and the times not pressing upon the value
of securities. We know they have not paid
depositors. Let us see if they can always pay
bill-holders.
We will now assume, Mr. Chairman, that
we have returned to specie payment. We all
like the supposition. We drop the morning
paper making the announcement and look at
the bills in our pocket. We remember that
there is quite a little batch of national bills out
—three hundred millions or thereabout—issued
upon bonds which at seventy-two cents are
worth but $244,000,000. We step to the bank
with the idea of exchanging them for gold, but
arriving there we find that our servarits, our
clerks, our butchers, our grocers, and our
neighbors of all conditions, who rose before us,
were of the same opinion and are already there.
The banks have less than thirty millions where-
with to pay $300,000,000 of circulation and a
still larger amount of deposits, and of course
the doors are closed. We then visit a broker
expeeting to exchange our national bills for
legal tenders. Behold the crowd, but the
placard over the window informs us that " na-
tional bank bills twenty to fifty per cent, dis-
count for legal tenders, according to position
and issue%f the bank."
This result cannot be denied. With a deficit
of $56,000,000 between the amount of the bills
and the value of the securities all the bills
issued on ten per cent, margins would be at
twenty per cent, discount, and those issued
upon twenty per cent, margins would be at ten
per cent, discount. Not only this, but at this
point legal tenders are hoarded just as gold
used to be, bonds would decline, and a further
discount on national bills follow. All the legis-
lation in the power of the Government cannot
fix the date of resuming specie payment while
these bonds remain at anything like their pres-
ent value, and while the circulating medium of
the people rest upon them.
The theories of gentlemen having now failed
they unflertake to dispute facta. They say our
bonds will advance, and when they have ad-
vanced all will be right. They say ^his, but do
they prove it? Our bonds are two per cent,
less for gold to-day than they were two years
ago; why is this? But this they Say is excep-
tional. I say it is not exceptional—I say that
Government bonds are governed by the game
laws of supply and demand, of amount and of
confidence, as any other evidence of debt ever
issued by a corporation or an individual. A
Government note is subjected to the same
scrutiny as an individual note. If the amount
is small and the confidence great it brings a
high price ; if the amount is large, the price is
less; and if added to a large amount there is
limited confidence the price is still less.
The gold price in London on a recent day for
$100 in value of the following Government
bonds was:
United States six per cent, gold interest  72
Chilian six per cent, gold interest.  86
Turkish six per cent, gold interest    82
Canada six per cent, gold interest 103
Australian six p«r cent, gold interest.. 107
Cape of Good Hope six per cent, gold interest 101
Brazilian five per cent, gold interest-  ti
Greek fire per cent, gold interest  1/
Italian five per cent, gold interest  A
Moorish five per cent, gold interest  96
Peruvian five per cent, gold interest  10
Russian five per cent, gold interest  86
New Zealand five per cent, gold interest  96
French four and a half per cent, gold interest  99
Denmark four per cent, gold interest  82
English three per cent, gold interest  94
I would like to inquire of gentlemen who put
so much confidence in the word "Govern-
ment" attached to a bond, why a United States, ■
a Chilian, a Canadian, a Turkish, and an Aus-
tralian bond, all bearing the same interest, vary
so greatly iu price, and the United States at
the bottom of the list? Why is it that an
English bond, drawing tut three per cent.
