346
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[June 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Internal Tax—Mr. Selye.
40th Cong....2d Sbss.
which would represent an amount in our cur-
rency of at least $250,000,000 expended in a
single year for four classes of staple articles
produced in foreign countries, which possess
no natural advantages over our own for their
production. I cite these four classes simply
as illustration, not that the amount here stated,
represents by any means the total value of
articles imported into this country which had
much better be produced at home. But, sir,
the fact is sufficiently startling that we prefer
to pay the manufacturers of Europe for silk and
cotton and iron and woolen goods $250,000,000
which, if we chose, we could have made at home.
FATAL IMPROVIDENCE IN INCURRING DEBT.
If, from the superabundant production of
cmr land, we, indeed, paid for these goods by
our exports to foreign countries, and so kept
Oar balance square, noresultof disaster to our
feommerce or dishonor to our country would
ensue, however unwise or injurious such a
policy might be. But when we examine the
facts we find that we are recklessly consuming
these foreign goods without paying for them,
putting ourselves of our own will under bond-
age to Europe, the most degrading and the
most helpless—the bondage of a debtor to a
creditor. ,
Sir, when we call to mind the experience
through which our country has passed for the
last seven years—the terrible drain that has
been made upon her resources in the suppres-
sion of the rebellion, the enormous loss of
productive labor, the unparalleled expendi-
ture of treasure, the unstinted sacrifices which
were made for the maintenance of the integrity
and honor of the nation—we should suppose
that a sober sense of the necessity of economy
and retrenchment, both individual and na-
tional, would possess us fill. Instead of such
beiDg the case we find tho fiscal year succeed-
ing the termination of the rebellion to have
been distinguished as the one in which we
received the largest amount of foreign goods
ever imported into the United States in a single
year!
Our imports for that year, (the fiscal year of
1866,) as by the report of the Secretary of tho
Treasury, were as follows :
Aggregate imports $437,600,000
Less spocie imported, about    9,000,000
423,600,000
Add to tliis sum twenty per cent, for
undervaluations  85,720,000
Actual value of imports $514,320,000
representing the amount payable in gold to
the producers of foreign countries, an amount
exceeding by more than one hundred millions,
the aggregate imports of any preceding year in
the history of the Republic. And, sir, although
the importations for last year exhibit some
slight abatement, still they have amounted to
a figure absolutely startling. They were as
follows:
Aggregate imports for the fiscal year ending June
30,1867 (less specie imported) $388,751,086
Add to this sum 20 per ccnt, for underval-
uations   77,750,217
Actual value of imports $-161,503,303
AMOUNT OF OUR FOREIGN' INDEBTEDNESS.
It is difficult, sir, to estimate with any accu-
rate precision the amount of American indebt-
edness exist.i#g in Europe; but approximation
may be made to it.
In the report of the Secretary of the Trea-
sury on our foreign and domestic commerce of
1SG3, the amount of capital held by foreigners
in the United States, including State, national,
railroad, and municipal stocks, is estimated at
§500,000,000. This amount has been largely
increased since that date. What amount of
our bonds are now held by the capitalists of
Germany and England and other European
countries, it is impossible to tell; but those
most competent to judge, fix the sura at not
less than $1,000,000,000. Certain it is that
great efforts have been made to promote the
sale of these bonds in the money centers of
Europe, and that for years the weekly remit-
tance of them by private parties, in liquidation
of trade balances, has been regular and large.
Thus only have we been enabled to meet oar
foreign mercantile indebtedness, by selling our
national securities at a disgraceful shave.
If then, sir, it be correct to estimate the
amount of our foreign debt, on which interest
must be punctually paid, at a rate in gold of
probably six per cent, at $1,500,000,000, it is
clear that we must remit $90,000,000 of gold
annually iu payment of this charge. And, sir,
at the rate at which for the last two or three
years we have been importing goods, we must
to this add not less than $60,000,000 more to pay
the balance of our foreign mercantile indebt-
edness. Thus we have an annual demand for
gold payment to Europe beyond the value of our
merchandise exported of at least $150,000,000.
We do not pay this balance in gold, sir, but
we pay it in our depreciated bonds, and so
help still further to depreciate them, while we
rivet more firmly the shackles on our national
industry and degrade still lower our financial
standing before the world. Sir, this is a humil-
iating topic for an American citizen to discuss
who is conscious—and who is proud in the
consciousness—of the power and stability and
wealth of his country. But we must not con-
ceal nor deny the fact that our paper in Europe
is not "gilt edged," that, "not to put too
fine a point upon it," it can only be negotiated
at a ruinous discount. Shall we continue to
submit to this indignity? Shall we continue
to pursue this course of reckless spending of
borrowed money ? I pray this House, by every
consideration of national honor and solvency,
to answer emphatically and promptly, " No !"
How, then, i3 it to be helped ? Reverse the
motion, sir; stop the inundation of foreign
fabrics that now floods the land 1 If tho people
of the United States have not self-control
enough voluntarily to forego the consumption
of foreign luxuries for which they are unable
to pay in honest money, and to procure which
they are compelled meanly to run in debt,
then, in the name of justice and ofhonor, I con-
jure Congress to put such a tax upon these
needless articles as will at least secure some
recompense in the way of increased public
revenue for the injury inflicted on the country,
and at the same time serve as a check upon
the guilty extravagance of the people.
Put such additional and permanent duty
upon articles imported from Europe which are
also manufactured here as will encourage capi-
talists to invest their money in manufacturing
enterprises, and will give profitable employ-
ment to our own mechanics and unskilled
laborers in manufacturing, mining, and farm-
ing pursuits, and at the same time stimulate
the emigration to this county of the suffering
and ill-paid artisans of Europe.
HOW TO RESUME SPECIE PAYMENTS.
Thus, sir, and in no other way, can the
depreciation of our national securities and the
consequent premium upon gold, which is sim-
ply the consequence and evidence of the weak-
ness of the national credit in the world's money
market, be removed. The able Secretary of
the Treasury may with prophetic finger point
to the hour on the clock when, a year and a
half hence, we shall, with a great flourish,
"resume specie payments." Honorable gen-
tlemen, in this and the other House of Con-
gress, may wisely talk about " the volume of
the currency," and enact laws for the regula-
tion of the same, hoping thus to remove the
malady; the editor of the New York Tribune
may advise us that "the way to prepare for
resumption is to resume;" but I say, sir, that
the only way to restore our national credit is
to restore our industrial prosperity; to make
the labor of our people profitable, to increase
the production of' the country; to give whole-
some and remunerative employment, to our
capital in industrial development. Thus, with-
out depending upon foreign labor or foreign
money for anything essential to the comfort
of our people, shall we supply our own wants,
multiply the wealth of our own citizens, and
thus increase the tax-paying power of the
country. Thus shall we put our balance with
Europe on the other side of the ledger, and
selling more than we are buying, have g<>'d
flowing inward, instead of outward. The
return to specie payment will be the natural
result of a policy like this.
PROTECTION FOE THE BENEFIT OP THE CONSUMER.
It is an objection, Mr. Chairman, flippantly
but commonly made by the advocates of the
so-called free-trade policy that protection to
domestic production is a tax upon the many
for the benefit of the few. This allegation is
rarely attempted to be sustained by specific
facts, but is put forward as one of those "grand
principles'' by which the teachers of the British
philosophy delight to enlighten our ignorance.
Now, sir, I distinctly and unequivocally deny
the truth of this position, and on the contrary
affirm that the speediest and the surest mode to
cheapen the cost of goods to the consumer is to
encourage their homeproduetion, thus reducing
the question to the lowest possible ground, it
becomes a matter affecting the pecuniary inter-
est of every man in the community, as it influ-
ences theprice ofthe commodities he consumes.
And here, Mr. Chairman, I may be allowed to
protest against the unjust and unfounded oblo-
quy which the public advocates of free trade
are wont to cast upon the class of our citizens
who invest their money and employ their time
in manufacturing enterprises, and are stigma-
tized as '' selfish " and " greedy " and " grasp-
ing" by the very men who are fattening on the
profits derived directly or indirectly from the
unrequited toil of tho white slaves of England.
As to this question of the inordinate profits
realized by manufacturers, let me, sir, adduce
the testimony of a man as competent as any in
the United States to speak on this subject, and
whose veracity as well as competency will be
admitted by the people of the United States.
I mean Mr. Peter Cooper, of New York. He,
in a recent published letter, makes the follow-
ing statement upon this point.
PETER COOPER'S TESTIMONY.
"During a period of over thirty years engaged in
the manufacture of iron, the capital invested by me
has not, on tho average, yielded me four per cent, per
annum, and thi3 with all the skill and energy and
perseverance which X was able to command in pro-
moting its profitable employment, and that my own
case was not exceptional may be gathered from the
fact that during the same period nearly, if not quite
all my brother manufacturers who weie engaged
largely in the same industry were compelled to suc-
cumb to the pressure of adverse circumstances caused
by the fluctuatingpolicyof the General Government,
and pass into bankruptcy. Such has been the ex-
perience through which tho men of enterprise and
genius and capital have passed, who were induced
to volunteer, at the time of the country's greatest
need, as pioneers in the great work of establishing
our manufacturing independence, and at the sacri-
fice, in most cases, of their own fortunes, laid the
foundation of that noble fabric of industrial inde-
pendence which we rejoice to see now rising solid
and symmetrical in this great land."
This statement, I believe, sir, fairly describes
the experience of the adventurous men who em-
barked their money and employed their genius
and their time in the early efforts to establish
American manufactures. They should be hon-
ored as patriots and benefactors, at whose cost
the country has been immeasurably benefited.
PROTECTION FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE WOBKINGMEK.
But, Mr. Chairman, while, as Mr. Cooper
shows, a very large proportion of our early
manufacturers have sacrificed their fortunes,
there can be no doubt that the artisan and the
unskilled laborer have reaped the benefit of
their efforts. The effect upon these has been
to cause increased demand for their labor, and,
as a consequence, increased remuneration for
it. The result is exhibited in a table, com-
piled before the war. for the report of the Sec-
retafy of ths Treasury on the finances for I860
