462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
interest is worth ninety-four, a French bond
drawing four and a half per cent, is worth
ninety-nine, while a Grees five per cent, is
worth but twelve, and an Italian five per cent,
seventy? Why is it that a Russian five per
cent, is eighty-six, fourteen per cent, more than
a United States six per cent.? Do not these
figures show that Government securities, like
other securities, do not sell in proportion to
the interest they will pay, but in proportion to
the confidence or risk felt in handling them?
The causes which govern the price of bonds
are: first, quantity; sccond, the value of money
at the time; and third and lastly—not first—
the interest which the bonds pay. But suppose
our bonds were at par for gold, and we have
$300,000,000 bills issued upon them at ninety
per cent, as now, we could not then sustain a
gold standard. These bonds will fluctuate.
It is no more possible for Government to regu-
late the price of its bonds than it is to regulate
the currents of its rivers. The tide is ever
swelling and receding, watered by the rains of
heaven and drank up by the ever thirsty atmos-
phere. English consols, drawing the lowest
interest, are in the strongest hands and have
been the most uniform of all large bonds, and
yet there has been no ten years since their
issue that they have not fluctuated in value
from sixteen to fifty per cent. They have stood
as follows:
Variation
Date. Highest. Lowctt, earh 10 yearn.
1T31 to 1740 107 90 17
17-10 to 1750 103 75 28
1750 to 1760 .106 79 27
1760 to 1770  96 63 33
1770 to 1780  95 69 36
1780 to 1790  81 53 28
1790 to 1800...:  97 47 50
1800 to 1810  79 54 25
1810 to 1820  84 54 30
IS.'O to 1830  97 69 28
1830 to 1840  95 75 20
1840 to 1850   „...101 80 21
1850 to 1800 101 85 16
1SC0 to 1867, (seven years) 96 86 10
Have we not here the propf that money,
issued upon bonds like ours, is a panic feature
added to the other causes which would disturb
the value of bonds? In times of monetary
distress bonds will go as much lower than a
mere tight money market will carry them as
the discredit of our circulating medium will
add to the depressing effects.
The personal liability clause in the bank act
amounts to'really nothing. Transfers can be
so made to irresponsible parties that enough
will never be realized from this source to pay
attorneys' fees.
Have I not furnished the evidence that the
Government cannot return to specie until its
bonds will bring more than ninety cents in
gold? And is not the evidence sufficient to
prove that if our bonds were worth ninety or
one hundred in gold and our circulation issued
upon them at ninety we could not retain a
specie standard?
Therefore, Mr. Chairman, if we would put
down the price of merchandise we must put
np the value of bonds; if we would equalize
eapital and labor we must put up the price of
bonds; if we would take undue advantages
from one class and give equal privileges to all
we must put up the price of our bonds; if
we would lighten taxation, we must put up
the price of bonds; if we would return to the
specie standard of the world we must put up
the price of our bonds ; if we would guarantee
the interest of these bonds we must still appre-
ciate their price by stimulating industry—then
accumulating wealth and increasing population
will provide for their payment. With sixty-
four million population twenty-five years hence,
and our wealth three times what it now is, we
f~ha.ll require a per capita taxation of six dol-
lars instead of eleven dollars, as now, to pay
$400,000,000 a year; or a tax of sixty-five one
hundredths of one per cent, on our property
instead of two per cent., as now.
What, then, Mr. Chairman,are the measures
requisite to produce this great national neces-
sity? Need I say,, first and foremost, is the
restoration of this Union ? War has ceased for
two years and a half, and courts of justice are
reestablished in all the States. Guarantees
against future rebellion were acknowledged in
the stripes which the people of the South have
borne and in the furrows of desolation which
the plowshare of war ha3 left throughout the
length and breadth of their once fair land. And
yet they are without local governments and
without representation on the floors of Con-
gress I Their State constitutions are being so
framed as to place the control of property in the
hands of ignorance, inexperience, and poverty.
Bond-holders see in this the seeds of chronic
decay. They see the future agrarian interests
of those who do not own but who control the
property of that section of country. They fore-
see how property will be taxed for the benefit
ofthe ruling faction; howthatclass will exempt
themselves from penalties; how vice is en-
gendered ; how want is created, which, finally
justified by necessity, will confiscate the prop-
erty and attack the liberty of the property
classes They see how immigration and capital
will refuse to locate or remain there ; how
improvements languish, industry is neglected,
fields remain uncultivated, and how impossible
it will be for the people to contribute to national
taxation. They see the people dispirited yet
compelled to support fresdmen's bureaus and
military commandants. They see how a sec-
tional Congress, imposing large burdens upon
them, destroys what remains of their once
great staple crops, and subjects them to taxa-
tion without representation. They behold the
cotton culture transferred to the Nile, the
Euphrates and the Ganges by a tax of twenty-
five per cent, on its present valiite, and the
sugar culture almost annihilated ; they calcu
late the effect of unrestricted franchise upon
bonds, and ask if sometime in adversity the
people may not refuse to pay the enormous
taxes they are now compelled to, while not one
in a hundred of the voters have any direct
interest in their payment. The answer to these
questions is yet in the future. To us represen-
tatives in the Fortieth Congress ol the united
States has fallen the duty of answering them.
If we do our duty like men, knowing no North
and no South, but only one country of mutual
interest, the unwritten history of this nation
may yet be bright, and we be entitled to an
honorable name. But if the sectional suicidal
policy of the past is to be repeated in this body
no man can depict the horrors which a war of
races, a war of pauperism and property, an
agrarian war, may inflict upon us.
Three and a half million dollars loaned to
the States of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Arkan-
sas would repair the river levees, and save from
annual overflow twenty-two millions two hun-
dred and eight thousand acres of the richest
alluvial soil upon the surface of the earth. This
land, if reclaimed, is capable of producing vast
wealth, which, intermingled and multiplied in
the exchanges of the coutitry, would leave its
items of revenue to the Government and repay
the outlay a hundredfold. This small favor has
been asked, not for the people of a State, but
for the nation, for two years, and yet have we
sat down supinely to see the crops of that fer-
tile territory drowned out with each returning
season, the stock perish, and the people made
to flee for their lives.
The sugar crop of Louisiana for 1860 was
449,000 hogsheads; for 1866 it was only 39,000,
and there are to-day in that whole section but
three hundred and forty-seven sugar plantations,
large and small. Can revenue be derived from
this source?
The cotton crop of the United States was
4,676,000 bales in 1860; in 1866 it was 1,700,000
bales, and yet this House still insists in destroy-
ing what is left by retaining an oppressive tax
and discouraging the planting of a new crop.
American cotton furnished four fifths of the
total supply in Europe*in 1860. It has now
fallen to less than one third of the total sup-
ply. Can bond-holders have confidence in
such suicidal legislation as we furnish them ?
A political reconstruction of those States
would not only have supplied them with the
results of superior crops but with immigration,
with capital, and with credit, which they so
much need. This cause aloue would have
reduced the premium on gold for the past two
years fully one half—which would have been
fifteen per cent, on the revenues of the Govern-
ment fortwo years—say $1,000,000,000. Here,
then, is a direct loss of $150,000,000 to the Gov-
ernment besides the losses to the people in
their mutual exchanges.
A further source of present weakness is the
insufficiency of the internal revenue laws and
the inequality of the tariff. Time prohibits an
analysis of these subjects as I intended, and I
defer to another time what I have to say on
this most fruitful theme.
Now, Mr. Chairman, for the purpose of
giving these views practical effect and for this
House showing the country what it may rely
upon, I now give notice that upon the first
opportunity when I can call the previous ques-
tion and secure a vote I shall present in due
form the following resolution :
Whereas the interests of this nation demand as
early a return to the specie standard of the world as
can be consistently done; and whereas among the
principles now retarding that desirable end arc the
following: first, instability in the amount of cur-
rency furnished the people; second, the low prico
of United States bonds affecting acertain portion of
tho currency; and third, the inadequate s eurity
furnished by the national banks: Therefore,
Me it resolved, That the Committee on Banking
and Currency he, and it is hereby, directed to inquire
into tho expediency of fixing the currency at its
present nominal amount for a period of years, and,
also, how the franchises of the national banks can
be so changed as to furnish the bill-holders ample
security when resumption of specie payment shall
occur, or how the bills of the said national banks
may be converted into legal tenders, with other
recommendations thereto pertaining, and to report
by bill or otherwise.
impeachment.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Chairman, I will ask the
indulgence of the committee for a short time
while I examine two or three questions about
which I desire to express opinions and advance
such reasons as govern my action with regard
to them.
And in the first place, sir, I wish to refer to
the question of impeachment, and in doing so
I am well aware that I shall encounter the im-
patience of gentlemen who will exclaim, "Oh,
impeachment is dead and buried; why revive it
now?" I am aware, sir, that so far as this
House is concerned such is the case, but I was
one of those who felt constrained to vote for
the impeachment of the President and by the
extraordinary manner in which the question
was disposed of had no opportunity to state my
reasons for so doing.
And, sir, some of those who officiated at the
burial will not let the matter rest, but with
uneasy legal consciences keep exhuming the
dead carcass and displayingit before the House.
The learned gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Judge Woodward] feels obliged to protest
against the legal conclusions of those opposed
to impeachment and favors the conclusions
adopted by the committee. My friend, also, from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Boyer] and the gentleman
from Ohio on my left [Judge Van Trdmp] take
issue with Judge Woodward on the law. From
all this it is evident that this question "will
not down" at the bidding of the chairman of
the Judiciary, but, like Banquo's ghost, is con-
stantly reappearing. I may therefore be par-
doned a few observations upon the subject.
The majority of the House, under the able
leadership of the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, strangled debate upon this grave
and momentpus question, and, with the excep-
tion of obtaining the views of two distinguished
gentlemen, nothing was allowed to be said in
the House. But by a most arbitrary use of
the "previous question" the report of the
Judiciary Committee and the whole matter of
impeachment were hurried to their graves with
all the impatience of those who knowthat there
is something "rotten in Denmark," but that
"dead men tell no tales."
I was one of those who felt it a duty to avoid,
by such dilatory motions as were in the power
of the minority, the vote on the  otion to lay
