1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1847
service was just as necessary as the service
performed in any other part of the country.
In regard to these pensions we hear much
said of the liberality of the Government. I
grant that the Government does well; but, after
all, what does the poor pittance of a pension
which is given to the widow or children of
one who Jost his life in the service amount to?
Ninety-six dollars a year to be weighed against
one human life ! What does it amount to? Is
it really any satisfaction? It aids in a slight
degree, to be sure, toward the support of a
family; but what is ninety-six dollars a year?
That is referred to as evidence of the liberality
of this Government. When the head of a
family has been taken away, has laid his life
upon the altar of his country, and his widow
and children are thrown upon the world, that
is all the pension his family gets if he was a
private; and the highest pension in the case
of the highest officer is, I believe, $320 a year.
What does that amount to in these times? It
may be as much as the Government can give.
I do notcomplain. I simply referto it because
we are often pointed to the liberality of the
Government, and we are told that we do more
than any nation in the world. Sir, that is no
argument with me. The question with me is
this: was not this man's life sacrificed in the
discharge of his duty? If so, that is enough
for me. What matters it whether ho had been
mustered in or had not been, if he was in the
public service.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Anthony
in the Chair.) The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania to postpone
the farther consideration of this bill until to-
morrow.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
john w. jameson.
Air. YAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 42V.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. DRAKE. There are just two more Sen-
ate bills of this description, which it will not
take probably five minutes to pass. There are
only two more Senate bills, and one of them I
feel a special interest in.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Very well; in view of
those circumstances I withdraw my motion.
The motion of Mr. Van Winkle was agreed
to ; and the bill (S. No. 427) for the relief of
the widow and children of John W. Jame-
son, deceased, was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Interior to allow and pay to Eveline Jameson,
widow of John W. Jameson, late a first lieu-
tenant in Captain MacCluney's company of
Missouri home guards, a pension at the rate
of seventeen dollars per month, as the widow,
and two dollars per month each to Flora A.,
Michael F., Eva F., and John E., children
under sixteen years of age of John W. Jame-
son, to commence September 7, 1861, the date
of his death, until the 28th day of May, 1807,
oil which date her present pension commenced.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
george bennett.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move now to take
up Senate bill No. 425.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 425) granting a pension to George Ben-
nett was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll the name of George
Bennett, late a private in company E, sixth
regiment Michigan cavalry volunteers, and
allow and pay him a pension at the rate of
eight dollars per month from the 7th day of
April, 1863.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business, and after some time spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened.
final judgments in revenue cases.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, also laid
before the Senate the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 213) to
amend an act entitled "An act to amend the
judicial act passed the 24th of September,
1789;" which was to add to the bill as a new
section:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That so much of
the act approved 1'ebruary 5,1867, entitled " An act
to amend an act to establish the judicial courts of
the United States, approved September 24, 17S9,"
as authorizes an appeal i'rom the judgment of the
circuit court to the Supremo Court ot the United
States, or the excici.-o of any such jurisdiction by
said Supremo Court on appeals which have been or
may hereafter bo taken, bo, and the same is hereby,
repealed."
Mr. BUCKALEW. I observe that is a very
important amendment. I do not know what
the effect of it is. Before voting on it I should
like some explanation. I observed that the
Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] rose, I
supposed with the intention of explaining what
the amendment was. It seems to take away
the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court in a cer-
tain class of cases.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The amendment is one
that has been adopted by the House of Repre-
sentatives and explains itself. It provides, in
regard to a particular jurisdiction conferred by
an act passed in 18C7, that so* much of that
act as confers that jurisdiction shall be re-
pealed. It leaves the law of 1789 in full force
and effect.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ask for the reading
of it again.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. As we have no leisure
now to refer to that particular law, I think the
Senator from Oregon ought to explain to us in
what respect that act of 1807 changed the for-
mer law, what additional jurisdiction it con-
ferred, and what are the reasons now for with-
drawing from the Supreme Court a jurisdiction
which was or may have been conferred by the
latter statute. This subject has not been re-
ferred to any committee ; it comes to us as an
amendment made by the House of Represent-
atives. I move to postpone the consideration
of the subject until to-morrow. At any rate I
should like to have time to read the law which
it is proposed to repeal.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT^iro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays 0; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell,
Chandler, Cole, Colliding, Conness, Drake, Edmunds,
Ferry, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen, (grimes. Harlan,
Henderson, Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, 1'omeroy, Ramsey, Ross,
Spraguc, Stewart, Sumner. Tipton, Trumbull, Van
Winkle. Wade. Willey, and Williams—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Fowler, Hendricks,
McCrcery, Norton, and Vickers—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Corbett. Cragin, Davis,
Dixon, DooHttie, Johnson, Morton, Nye, Patterson
of New Hampshire, Patterson ot Tennessee, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Thayer, Wilson, and Yates—16.
So the amendment was concurred in.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business, and after some time spent therein
the doors were reopened and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 12, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
jewels in the treasury.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the House, a report
of the Treasurer of the United States relative
to the contents of a certain box in the Treas-
ury ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
impeachment of the president.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a communication
from the Governor of West Virginia, transmit-
ting joint resolutions of West Virginia relative
to the impeachment of the President of the
United States; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
enforcement of the rules.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I demand
that the Doorkeeper shall enforce the rules,
and that those not entitled to the privileges of
the floor shall be excluded.
The SPEAKER. The Doorkeeper will en-
force the rules of the House.
mail route.
Mr. BURR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. li. No. 909) to establish a mail
route between St. Louis, Missouri, and Ham-
burg, Illinois ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
cancellation and destruction op bonds.
The SPEAKER stated that the first busi-
ness in order was the unfinished business of
yesterday, being the report of the Committee
on Retrenchment relative to the cancellation
and destruction of United States bonds, on
which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the gentleman
from Illinois will yield to me for a motion to
proceed to the business upon the Speaker's
table.
Mr. LOGAN. I yield if it does not come
out of my time.
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. GARFIELD. I make that motion.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. For what
purpose does the gentleman wish to go to the
business upon the Speaker's table ?
Mr. GARFIELD. To take up a few mili-
tary bills which ought to be passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object until the bills are
reported.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to the gentleman from Ohio, that he move to
take up the bills one after another.
paymasters' accounts.
Mr. GARFIELD. Very well then; I now
move by unanimous consent that the House
take from the Speaker's table Senate bill No.
370, to facilitate the settlement of paymasters'
accounts.
There was no objection, and the bill was
taken up and read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury be,
and they are hereby, authorized, in the settle-
ment of accounts of the paymasters' of the
Army, to allow such credits for overpayments
made in good faith, on public account, since
the commencement of the rebellion and prior
to the passage of this act, as shall appear to
them to be just by such vouchers and testi-
mony as they shall require.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, a billon
this subject was passed through the last Con-
gress, and I believe one passed through a for-
mer Congress, but the subject has never been
acted on by the Senate until the present ses-
