1848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
sion. This bill sent to us from the Senate has
twice before been passed by this House. It
lias been carefully prepared and guarded.
I will state the purpose of the bill, and it
will not take two minutes. A large number of
paymasters, while their accounts were being
settled, while they were passing through the
proper accounting offices of the Treasury,
were found in some cases to have made a
little overpayment, a payment actually made in
good faith, but disallowed by officers of the
Government; and these disallowances are now
unjustly charged against these paymasters.
The money was honestly paid out by these
paymasters, and they should have credit for it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is this
substantially ilie same bill we have passed
once before?
Mr. GARFIELD. It is. Tt is only to give
these paymasters the credit they should have.
I wish to say before leaving the floor, and it
ought to be said as due to the paymasters of
our Army, that no war of anything like the
extent of the late war has been carried through
with anything like so great carefulness in the
payment of money. In the war of 1812 over
two million dollars of unsettled accounts which
had to be covered up by an act of this kind,
and in our late war over a thousand million
dollars, has been paid out by the paymas-
ters of the United States Army, and now there
are less than three hundred thousand dollars
stoppages on all this amount of money—less
than three tenths of a mill on the dollar for all
the money disbursed through the pay depart-
ment. I think it a very gratifying circumstance,
$nd one of which we ought justly be proud.
Mr. O'NEILL. .Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question?
Mr. GAHFIELD. Yes, sir.
Mr. O'NEILL. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether this bill could not be made to apply
also to paymasters in the Navy. Some cases
have come under my observation which, it
seems to me, the provisions of the bill could
easily be made to cover.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have received several
letters asking me to introduce an amendment
to that elfect, but as this bill was gotten up
with express reference to the Aimy and the
mode of keeping Army accounts, atrd as the
mode of making naval settlement is quite dif-
ferent, I did not like to interfere with that mat-
ter. I thought it better that the Committee oil
Naval Alfairs should, if they choose, introduce
a similar bill having reference to naval pay-
masters.
I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
military storehouse it koltt monroe.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, by unani-
mous consent, joint resolution (S. U. No.
117) to authorize the erection of a military
storehouse at Fort Monroe, Virginia, was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the Secretary of War be authorized
to grant permission to William H. Kimberly,
Army and Navy contractor, at Fort Monroe,
Virginia, to rebuild the military storehouse
recently destroyed by tire at that port, upon
such conditions and under such restrictions as
the Secretary of War shall deem compatible
with the interests of the Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before this bill 13 acted
upon I desire to know whether it has been
before the Committee on Military Affairs?
Mr. GARFIELD. It has; or rather the
substitute was before them.
Mr. HOLMAN. One question further. The
bill seems to confer power on the Secretary of
War to regulate this matter. Does it give him
authority to expend such money as he pleases?
Mr. GARFIELD. Not at all. I will ex-
plain. The contractor who has been furnish-
ing supplies and provisions at Fortress Monroe
lias been occupying a building which is located
on United States property, but 011 the 1st of
March that building was destroyed by fire. He
desires the privilege, therefore, of reerecting
a building on that site. The Secretary of War
did not think he had authority to permit the
erection of the building unless Congress should
grant permission. The officers at Fortress
Monroe have sent up a request that that per-
son be authorized to put up a building in place
of the one destroyed. General Grant has
indorsed the recommendation of the Secretary
of War in favor of allowing it to be done. No
money at all is asked by the Government, only
a simple permission under such regulations as
the Secretary of War may make to this person
to use the ground and erect the building. It
gives him no title, except for the use of the
ground. I ask the indorsement of the Secre-
tary of War and General Grant to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
General Barry, the permanent commander of artil-
lery school, having approved the application of Mr.
lvimberly to put up a building at Fort Monroe, I
respccttully recommend that the authority bo given.
U. S. GlvAVl, General,
March 4,186S.
■\Tae Department, March 1,1808.
On examining the question the Secretary of "War
is of opinion that 110 has 110 power under existing laws
to grant the privilege applied for by Mr. Kimberly,
and that I10 could only do it under express authority
of Congress. EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary 0/ War.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bilt was passed; and also
moved to lay £he motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
covering money into the treasury.
The SPEAKE R. The gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Washburn,] who is not present,
desires to reciprocate the request of the Senate
that Senate joint resolution No. 19, providing
that certain moneys now in the hands of the
United States Treasurer, as special agent of
the Treasury Department, be covered by war-
rant in the United States Treasury. The House
concurs in all except the third section, which
appropriates money, and the Senate insists and
asks for a committee of conference.
A committee of conference was accordingly
ordered ; and the Speaker appointed as con-
ferees on the part of the House Messrs. Wasii-
buux of Wisconsin, SuoFtuu), and Barnes.
cancellation and destruction op eoxds.
The House resumed the consideration of the
business pending at the adjournment yester-
day, being the report of the Committee on
Retrenchment in regard to the cancellation
and destruction of United States bonds, on
which Mr. Looax was entitled to the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I am very sorry
that I feel myself called upon to continue the
discussion of this matter which was debated
last evening. But I have always found it to
be the case that unless a man defends himself
he finds very few defenders. The House will
remember that the point I made yesterday was
that the evidence should accompany the report
of the committee. Now, I find that the report
has not been published in the Globe inasmuch
as it was not ordered to be printed. The de-
bate appears in the Globe, but not the report;
but the report does appear in the morning
papers.
1 presume that any member has a right to
take an exception to a report, although be may
have no control of it. He may not have the
right to have it suppressed or recommitted, yet
he certainly has a right to except to it. I mean
that in discussing the subject he has a right to
take exception to any views or conclusions of
the committee. Without going over any part
of the debate of yesterday, because I do not
desire to repeat anything that I have already
said, I will call the attention of the House to
one point in this report which appears in the
morning papers. Now, it is very strange that
this report found its way into the papers so
readily and that none of the evidence found its
way into the papers. It is very strange, also,
that this report goes into the papers without
the leaf which was a part of the report and
which was the only material fact in the report.
I find this report in the Morning Chronicle in
full with the exception of the leaf that was
copied from the books of the Treasury, which
was the only material part of the report and
upon which I made my statement to this House.
That part of the report was carefully excluded
from the report in the morning papers.
Now, sir, if this is the manner in which a
committee of this House—without intending
to east any reflection on the committee, for it
may have occurred without their intention or
direction—but if this is the manner of publish-
ing reports to this country, suppressing the
material portions so as to reflect or cast an
imputation upon any individual in this House,
then I say your Congress of the United States
amounts to nothing more than a means for the
suppression of truth and the suggestion of
falsehood. Now, sir, that part of the report
was read yesterday by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Van Wyck,J or at least it was
alluded to by him, and I read it twice in the
House. It appears in full in the Globe of this
morning. That part of the report is the only
part of it that appears in the Globe. Why?
Because it was made part of my remarks and
part of the remarks of the gentleman from
New York. And yet that is the only part of
the report which is not in the morning papers.
That part is carefully excluded from the re-
port, and all the balance of the report is^rnt
in. Now, that is not the way that I fight. That
is not the way that I make attacks. That is
not the way that I do justice to any individual
before the country. I believe in allowing
things to go before the country squarely, truth-
fully, and fairly, and let the country judge as
to who is in the right and who is in the wrong.
Now, sir, I take exception to this report, and
I hope that this committee will stand up here
one by one and state to this House .that this is
their report or is not their report. I challenge
them to do so; if they stand before the coun-
try as signing their names to this report I tell
them that they have signed a document that is
not borne out by the facts in the case. Now,
sir, what is the conclusion of this report? It
is that they have " found nothing irregular in
the matters referred to,'' and '• that no frauds
were attempted." If there is a man in this
House who will slate that the destruction of
clean paper, of bank-note paper, is no irregu-
larity in that Department, I want him to have
boldness enough to stand up here and do so.
1 do not think there is a man on the commit-
tee who believes it. I do not believe there in
one of the committee who believes it, because
they know that it was an irregularity; they
know it is not the custom ; they know it is not
the rule of keeping books : they know that is
not the mode or manner of keeping books in
that or any other Department. Then, if it was
contrary to the custom and the manner in which
such things ought to be done, it was an irregu-
larity, and the committee know it.
Now, one of the committee this morning
told me that he did not agree to this thing at
all. lie told me that it was an irregularity, and
he believed it. 1 have 11O objection to the com-
mittee saying that there was 110 fraud. They
had a right to say that; but, while they say that,
I do not want them to whitewash that whole
concern at the expense of myself or at the
expense of any other man upon this floor. It
has been very carefully and adroitly done, sir.
An attempt has been made to place. General
