3896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
JULIA WHISTLER.
Mr. BEATTY,from the Committee onlnvalid
Pensions, reported back adversely a bill (S.
No. 510) granting a pension to Julia Whistler;
"which was laid on the table.
JACOB LJJIT.
Mr. BE ATT Y. I move that the Committee
on Invalid Pensions be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Jacob
Leit, of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for additional
bounty, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGE T. BIIIEN.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported back, with an
amendment, a bill (S. No. 314) for the relief
of George T. Brien.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to allow and pay to George T. Brien, out of the
naval pension fund, a pension at the rate of
fifteen dollars per month, in lieu of the pension
of five dollars per month heretofore allowed
him, the pension to commence from and .after
the passage of this act and to continue during
his natural life.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out all after the words " at the rate of"
and insert in lieu thereof " eight dollars per
month, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read
a third time ; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PATRICK COLLINS.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 1400) granting a pension to Patrick Col-
lins ; which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Patrick Collins, a resident of
Columbus, Franklin county, Ohio, and late an
employe of the United States military railroad
construction corps, and to pay him a pension
at the rate of ten dollars per month.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN GRIDLEY.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, also reported a bill (H. R. No. 1-107)
granting a pension to John Gridley ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of John Gridley, late of company
G ninth regiment Michigan volunteers, com-
mencing February 4, 1865.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill tfas passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CATHARINE GENSLER.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, also reported a bill (II. It. No. 1108)
granting a pension to Catharine Gensler; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place ou the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Catharine Gensler, mother of
John D. Gensler, late private company I one
hundred and sixty-ninth regiment Pennsyl-
vania volunteers, commencing June 29, 1864.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ASA F. 1IOLCOMB.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, also reported a bill (H. R. No. 1409)
granting a pension to AsaF. Holeomb ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Asa F. Holeomb, private company
B twenty-fourth regiment New York cavalry,
commencing September 29, 1804.
The biil was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EMILY H. BIDWELL.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, also reported back House bill No. 1303,
granting a pension to Emily B. Bidwell, widow
of the late Brigadier General Daniel B. Bid-
well, with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Emily B. Bidwell, widow of the
late Brigadier General Daniel B. Bidwell, at
the rate of fifty dollars per month from the 19th
of October, 1864, at which date he was killed
at the battle of Cedar Mountain, Virginia, to
continue during her widowhood; and the pen-
sion heretofore allowed her under the general
law shall be discontinued, and the sum received
by her under the same shall be deducted from
the pension hereby granted.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. EMMA 31. MOORE.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same commit-
tee, also reported back adversely Senate bill
No. 51'J, granting a pension to Mrs. Emma M.
Moore.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
will give the House some reason why that bill
ought not to pass.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Chairman, in that
case the facts are about as follows: Mrs.
Moore was at one time the widow of Lieuten-
ant Cox, United States Navy. He died about
fifteen years ago, and his widow was pensioned
under the general law at the rate of twenty-
five dollars per month. She continued to
receive that pension for several years until she
married Commodore Moore. Commodore
Moore, prior to his marriage with widow Cox,
had belonged to the United States Navy. He
resigned from the United States Navy and went
into the navy of Texas when Texas was an
independent nation. He continued in the
Texan service until about the time that coun-
try was annexed to the United States, and
although the Texan navy was annexed to that
of the United States, the officers belonging to
the Texan navy were not commissioned in the
United States service. They for a long time
importuned Congress, and finally got their
claim into the courts, but both the courts and
Congress decided adversely to them. Commo-
dore Moore remained a private citizen up to his
death, which was some five years ago. Mrs.
Moore comes in now and asks that the pension
she received by lWf former husband, who at the
time of his death was an officer in the United
States Navy, maybe revived to her. The Senate
passed a bill reviving it. The Committee on
Invalid Pensions are of opinion that we should
not extend the provisions of the pension law that
far, or if we do, that it should bebygenerallaw
which should cover all such cases. We are of
opinion that this party has no claim on the Uni-
ted States Government for a pension ; certainly
not in consequence of her marriage with Com-
modore Moore, and certainly not, having mar-
ried after the death of her first husband, by
virtue of whose death she received the pension
I have stated. Hence we report adversely
upon the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. If my memory is not at
fault, there are some personal considerations
clustering around this widow, this patriotic
woman, that would incline the House to take
the same view of the case that is taken by the
Senate. Slie was unquestionably entitled to a
pension by reason of the services and death of
her first husband. She drew a pension until
she married her second husband. The sec-
ond husband is now dead, and she is doubly a
widow. I see no principle that is to he vio-
lated, as wo have intermitted the pension during
the time of her coverture, by restoring her
again to the pension-list, and I confess it would
gratify me much to see that done. I speak
without any personal knowledge of the party,
without ever having even seen her, but merely
from what I have learned through others who
are somewhat acquainted with her personal
history. If the gentleman will allow me, I
will move that the bill be recommitted to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions with permis-
sion to report at any time, and will ask them
to give it another examination.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not think there is
any necessity for recommitting the bill to the
committee. I presume no instance can be
found in the history of our legislation where
we have revived a pension that has lapsed by
virtue of the marriage of a widow. 1 am not
aware of any such precedent. If there is any
reason why it should be done in this case the
same reason would unquestionably apply to
every case of the kind, and they are numer-
ous, as the committee know. Yvrere the com-
mittee instructed by the House to inquire into
the expediency of so amending the general
law that in the event of the death of a second
husband the pension should be revived to the
widow, that would present the question dis-
tinctly as applied to all such cases. But I am
decidedly opposed, and I believe that is the
view of the committee, to taking this isolated
case and making it an exception to all other
cases. Numerous cases of the kind have come
before the committee, and they have reported
adversely upon them in every instance, so far
as I know.
Mr. MAYNARD. If I am not mistaken in
reference to the identity of this party, she pre-
sents an unusually strong and an unusually
meritorious claim, if there can be such a thing
as a meritorious woman connected with the
naval service. If I am not mistaken she is
descended on her father's side from a naval
officer who has reflected great renown on our
Navy. I mean Commodore Rogers.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I know nothing of her
parentage.
Mr. MAYNARD. If I am not mistaken the
family have reflected upon our naval service
more renown than, perhaps, any other family
in the country that has served in the Navy. If
that be the case, it presents an appeal to us, it
stems to me, that scarcely any other woman
in the country could present. For that reason
1 would be glad to have this bill recommitted,
so that the committee may again examine it
and see whether there are not facts connected
with it which would take it out of the general
run of cases.
