1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2873
select from officers "who have rendered the
most efficient and faithful service during the
recent war, and who possess the highest pro-
fessional qualifications and attainments."
1 desire to call the attention of the House to
the following extract from a letter from Rear
Admiral Wilkes, in testimony not only of the
gallant services, but especially of the qualifi-
cations requisite for the promotion :
Ihave had many and favorable opportunities,hav-
ing been associated with him—Commander Stevens—
and ho served underinycoininandin the James river
and in the West Indies, most of the time under my
immediate observation. His patriotism is beyond
doubt; his ability as an officer is second to none in
the Navy; he has at all times given mo on duty en-
tire satisfaction in the performance of his duties,
and the zeal with which he executed them. I think
him a high-toned officer and a genLleman, and know
llirn to bo an ornament to the service; his duties
engrossed bis whole attention, ever ready and prompt
in their execution, winning my entire satistaction
and confidence in his willingness, activity, and abil-
ity in the execution of orders. His command was
always held ready for duty, and through his exam-
ple, energj, and good management lietulfilled many
orders, overcoming great difficulties he had to on-
counter. He is brave and chivalric; no officer could
have shown more attachment to the Union cause
during the late war, and none excited themselves
more to maintain and restore the Union and uphold
the honor of our flag.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
CHARLES WILKES,
Hear Admiral.
Hon. Gideon Welles,
Secretary oj the Navy, Washington.
Also to the following, from the same ad-
miral :
" In arduous cruising in the West India squadron,
under my command, he upheld the honor ot our flag
with spirit on several occasions, and was intrusted
with the execution of orders on detached service.
In my opinion, no officer could have shown more
attachment to his country's cause, or more efficiency
in putting down the rebeliion.
"For his services, bravery, and energy in carrying
out orders, I think our country owes him promotion,
and truly consider him entitled to it. His long and
arduous chaso of the Florida on the Bahama banks
should alone have advanced him to a higher grade."
I have deemed it my duty to read so much
in behalf of the professional qualifications and
attainments of Captain Stevens. I now desire
to call the attention of the House to the fact
that this same Captain Stevens commanded the
steamer Michigan upon the northwestern lakes
when the war broke out, and in testimony of
his qualifications as an officer, I will state the
fact that standing second only in a\:lass of
thirty-seven when he graduated, he w^s well
fitted and chosen to be placed in command of
this steamer upon the lakes, the only ste'amp'?
commanding the northwestern lakes. Wfien
the war broke oat, at the firing of the first gun,
he tendered his services to the country, and
begged the privilege of recruiting men for that
service. Orders were immediately issued to
him for that purpose, and he recruited three
hundred men upon the lakes and proceeded
with his Spartan band to the coast, and there
did effective service as his subsequent war
record will preeminently show.
I desire to read very briefly, in corrobora-
tion of what I state, this from Commander
Jovett:
" As the executive officcr of the steamer Michigan,
he performed his duties piomptly, efficiently, and
faithfully, setting a noble example of officer-like
conduct and patriotism. Men were uncertain in those
days. He stood boldly foi til in deprecating disloy-
alty. I served with 11iin in the squadron off' Mobile.
He sustained the high reputation he had previously
made off Charleston, South Carolina, lor courage and
dash. He was spoken of as the gallant Tom Ste-
vens."
In further corroboration, I read the following
from Commodore Rodgers:
" I have within the last month been sent upon three
expedition?, and have always had the good fortune
tohaveStevenswith me, and to embark on board his
vessel. I have had the opportunity to observe the
admirable manner in which ho commands the Ottawa,
and the skill with which she is handled. I have also
been much struck by the attachment and confidence
with which he has inspired his officers and men."
And from Admiral Dahlgren :
"I strenuously urged the claims of Commander
Stevens to promotion, m connection with others, lor
meritorous Conduct in presence of tho enemy." ^
Sir, the reason why I have taken up the time
of the House in reading these testimonials in
behalf of' Captain Stevens is that, for some rea-
son unknown to the committee, this gallant
captain has been overslaughed by some official
manipulation ; he has been laid one side, while
others who have done less service «and been
less gallant have been raised to higher posi-
tions, hot only in their grades, but have been
transferred from one grade to another.
I will state in this connection that although
this officer stood above Captain Howell in his
class when he graduated, Captain Howell has
been promoted over him, and some thirteen
other officers have been raised in their own
grade or transferred from one rank to another,
some of whom never smelt powder, while
Stevens served throughout the war, writing a
record that will live imperisha'oly in the annals
of his country. In justice, however, to Cap-
tain Howell, I may say that he and other asso-
ciate officers, not only do not oppose, but mag-
nanimously declare that Captain Stevens should
be promoted. He has not only been a gallant
officer, but has shown his gallantry in thirty
successive engagements, winning for himself,
by his dash and fighting qualities, the. soubriquet
of "Fighting Tom Stevens." He has com-
manded no less than four monitors and thrpe
ships and steamers-of-war; has captured or
participated in the capture of twelve forts and
six rebel vessels of war.
I call the attention of members of the House
to the report of the committee, which presents
succinctly in chronological order the number
of engagements in which he took conspicuous
part. If there was nothing else in his brilliant
record to distinguish him his heroic act at the
attack on Port Moultrie should commend him
to the gratitude of his countrymen. It was in
great measure a counterpart of the act that
gave fame to Commodore Perry, who, leaving
the dismantled Lawrence to seek the deck of
the Niagara, and raising her flagof " Never give
up the ship," thus infusing new courage and ani-
mation in the hearts of his men, by that very
act, as the historian relates, turning the engage-
ment in our favor and winning his imperishable
laurels on Lake Brie. So, also, did this Captain
Stevens in the attack on Fort Moultrie pass in
an open boat from his own monitor to the Iron-
sides under the incessant fire of fort and bat-
teries. Catching the signal of his commander,
Rear Admiral Rowan, to change position, and
conscious that the admiral was not aware of
the favorable raking fire he was pouring into
the batteries of the enemy, he leaped into his
boat, and crossing over to the Ironsides in the
midst and under that furious fire of fort and
batteries, communicated to his commander his
favorable position, where ho was damaging the
enemy, and received from his commander the
response, " Go back and fight at your discre-
tion; the signals were not meant for you."
Thus he exposed himself in an open boat to
the fire of fort and batteries, as Commodore
Perry did to the broadsides of three ships and
showers of musketry. Ry that act he placed i
himself side by side with the intrepid Perry.
History gives us very few instances of such
heroic bravery. Only one other conspicuous
instance occurs to me, and that was during
the second Dutch war, when the English
Admiral Sprague left his vessel twice, but
was drowned by too well directed shots from
the Dutch fleet, cutting his boat and ships to
pieces.
i To day you may see the memorial of grate-
| ful citizens to the distinguished Perry as he
i stands chiseled in marble in view of Lake Erie,
j the silent witness of the waters that sweep to
posterity his immortal fame. And now for this
gallant Stevens, equally brave and in his station
equally heroic, the simple, I might say almost
pitiable, recognition is asked of an advance
of twenty-one numbers in his present grade. |
Let me add in behalf of Captain Stevens, that j
he is so modest that he has declined the tender j
made him by the committee, grateful for his :
eminent services, that the resolution provide I
instead for his promotion from one rank to |
another, saying to this offer that he only wished j
to be placed al'ter the war relatively where he I
was before the war. With the war record he 1
has won for himself already a part of our
country's history ; he stands forth a man whose
modesty is only equaled by his gallantry.
I believe I have sufficiently, though very im-
perfectly, placed the merits of Captain Stevens
before the House, and it no other gentleman
wishes to_ combat my presentation of his ser-
vices, or if it is thought not necessary to say
any more in his behalf, and I think it is not, I
will call the previous question.
Mr. BROMWELL. Will the gentleman
withdraw that call for a moment?
Mr. FERRY. For a question, yes, sir.
Mr. BROMWELL. I wish to inquire if this
joint resolution provides for the care of any
other person than Captain Stevens ?
Mr. FERRY. It does not.
Mr. BROMWELL. There are several othei
officers who are in the same situation. I have
obtained considerable information about some
of these promotions. There is no doubt in the
world that men who have commanded ships for
twenty years with the most signal ability and
success have been put aside, while men who
have not shown themselves under the fire of
the enemy have been promoted over their heads.
I understand there are about fifteen or twenty
of these commanders who have been treated
in that maimer. Among them is Commander
Young, whose history I have learned. He
stands in almost the very same relations to the
Navy that Captain Stevens does. Commander
Young for six months commanded a monitor
under water, the most dangerous and disagree-
able service possible. He, like Captain Stevens,
has given the most entire satisfaction under
every circumstance to his commanders and to
the country.
So far as this bill is concerned, the only
regret I have about it is that it does not pro-
vide for a rehearing in all these cases, so that
these officers can take the rank to which they
are entitled. They are now put behind fifteen
or twenty others who should be their juniors,
and never cau reach the grade of admiral by
seniority during their natural lives.
Mr. FERRY. In reply to the gentleman I
will say that if he will present a case as merit-
orious as the one I am now advocating, I will
go with him with all my heart, and be in favor
of reporting a bill in his favor. I now call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. FERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMANDER JOIIN L. DAVIS.
Mr. HATGHT, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1158) for the relief of Commander John L.
Davis; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It authorizes
the proper accounting officer of the Treasury
to pay to Commander John L. Davis the sum
of §271 91 out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HA1GHT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN JAMBS F. A1UISTHON0.
Mr. HAIGHT, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a joint resolution (H. R. No.
287) for the restoration of Captain James F.
Armstrong, United States Navy, to the active
