186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
465
If, sir, in the time to come, perhaps in the j
far off future, some popular, daring, and un- j
scrupulous man, in some time of public com- J
motion, shall fill the presidential office, and
he shall betray his trust, usurp the power of
Congress, seize upon the public property, and
bestow it upon his favorites, consort with trai-
tors, postpone the payment of the public debts
to collect his own, and the people murmur and
Congress protests, who shall stay him ? The
record is made up here aud now. The prece-
dent is established. Audrew Johnson did all
this, and was sustained by the' Fortieth Cou-
fress. Then the rule was established that the
'resident was supreme ; that ke'' bestrode the
narrow world like a Colossus," and that Con-
gress like—
" Petty mon
Walk under his huge legs, and peep about
Xo find themselves dishonorable graves."
Oh 1 he will exclaim in triumph, I am in for
three or four years; you cannot impeach me
without I commit treason or bribery or violate
some criminal law of Congress. The Fortieth
Congress has decided all that. I will be care-
ful to keep within the rule they have laid down
for me. And so encouraged may he not grow
stronger in his bad purposes, and insidiously
but surely accomplish them ? So much for
your expedienoy. Sir, if such a time shall ever
come, and God forbid, it cannot be said that
not one feeble voice was raised, even here and
now, to protest against this precedent, and to
warn his countrymen of the dangers that may
flow from it.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. Chairman, I have dwelt much longer
upon this subject than I intended ; let me turn
to another. Sir, the President has delivered to
us his annual message, in which he repeats the
stale charge of unconstitutionality against the
congressional plan of reconstruction. He af-
firms, in less objectionable form, all the singu-
lar and revolutionary doctrines that he pro-
claimed in his memorable "swing around the
circle." He holds out the direct intimation
that the laws of Congress ought to be disre-
garded. He vouches for the loyalty and good
faith of the men who have been in rebellion
against the Government, and seeks to arouse
the bitterness of race and class against the
majority of those who in the South were faith-
ful to the Union through the rebellion. He
expresses a fear that four million colored men
will take possession of this Government in spite
of all that thirty million white people can do,
and that seven million white people in the
South, nearly twice the number of the blacks,
will be completely swallowed up and appropri-
ated by these voracious negroes. He says, in
effect, that two hundred thousand colored sol-
diers who fought for the flag, and all the others
who were faithful to the nation in the dark hour
of its anguish and peril, should be deprived of
political rights and put under foot, while white
rebel soldiers who fought against us or stood on
guard at Andersonville or Libby, where thou-
sands of our heroes starved to death, should
vote and be restored to power in this Govern-
ment. Sir, these views of the President find
a ready response in the breast of every traitor.
Copperhead and deserter in the land. They
find sympathy in the breast of him who now or
recently nas been starring through the country
(I believe in " male attire") the observed of
all observers and the special idol of the
"southern heart"—Mr. Jefferson Davis him-
self.
Now, sir, there are two plans of reconstruc-
tion : one proposed by Congress, and the other
by the President and the Democratic party.
The congressional plan places the ballot in the
hands of all the male citizens of the South of
a certain age except a very few disqualified for
the prominence and peculiar baseness of their
treason. It, in fact, givea^the ballot and the
power of governing in those States when recon-
structed to the masses of the loyal and disloyal
alike, and to the great majority of the people
of each State.
The other plan gives suffrage, and conse-
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 30.
quently power, in those States to the disloyal
alone, to the exclusion of the majority of the
loyal citizens, and vests In several of these States
the governing power in the minority of the
whole people to the exclusion of the majority,
and in the States in which the majority are not
excluded a very large minority of the people,
nearly one half, are. Is this Democracy ? Is |
this a republican form of government where
the minority rule? Sir, that is oligarchy; it is ;
aristocracy.
A republic is defined by Worcester to be
"that form of government or of a State in
which supreme power is vested in the people
or the representatives elected by the people; a
Commonwealth; a democracy;" not tne minor-
ity of a people, not three fifths of the people,
not a part of the people, but " the people"
have the '' supreme power.'' Again, he defines
democracy to be a "form of government in
which the sovereign power is lodged in the body
of the people;" the definition of the word from
the Greek conveys the full meaning, '' the peo-
ple to rule." In short, the President's plan
contemplates the restoration to power in those
States, by a grant to them of exclusive privi-
leges, the old aristocracy who revolted and
betrayed and brought all the miseries of war
upon us.
i His Excellency is loud in his complaint
about depriving these rebellious minorities of
what he is pleased to call their constitutional
rights, but he has no pleading word for the
constitutional rights of the loyal and faithful
majorities. The Presidential plan cares simply
for a part of the southern people ; the congres-
sional plan comprehends and protects them all.
As I have before said, it is asserted by the
President that the congressional plan is uncon-
stitutional—that it is unconstitutional to de-
| prive traitors temporarily of the control of
[ these States, to deprive them of the benefits of
habeas corpus and of representation in Con-
gress. But he would have you believe that it
was perfectly constitutional for him to inter-
fere as he has in southern affairs, to make
State governments, to prescribe the qualifica-
tion of voters and the terms upon which they
should resume their representation in Con-
gress; but Congress con do nothing of the
kind, though clothed with the supreme legis-
lative power of this Government. I would be
pleased to have some defender of his "Excel-
lency' ' show where he got the power that he
has exercised in his plan of restoration.
But, sir, Congress gets full authority for its
action from the Constitution itrelf. I utterly
repudiate the idea that Congress has gone out-
side of this great charter in this work, or that
it is necessary to do so. No man can read
the tremendouB grant of power to Congress
contained in the eighth section of the first
article without finding, in conjunction with
section four of article five, all the needed
authority:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government."
* * * * "Congress shall have power to
provide for the common defense and goneral welfare
of the United States." « * «   "To de-
clare war." * * * * "To raise and
support armies." * * * * To provide
for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of
the Union and to suppress insurrection." * *
* * " To make all laws which shall be neces-
sary or proper for carrying into execution the fore-
going powers."
And by the first section, also, all legislative
powers granted by the Constitution were vested
in Congress. And, again, by section nine of
the same article the writ of Jiabeas corpus can
! be suspended '' where in cases of rebellion or
invasion the public safety requires it.''
No impartial mind can examine carefully
this great instrument and the declarations of
its immortal founders as found in the pub-
lished debates in the Federal Convention and
in the various State conventions that origin-
ally adopted the Constitution and not find that
the fathers intended to confer and did confer
upoq Congress all the power necessary to save
the Republic when its existence is threatened
by enemies from without or traitors within.
Mr. Chairman, we mast look to the sub-
stance of things and not to their forms; the
Constitution was formed to preserve the nation,
not to destroy it; he who raises a parricidal
hand to strike down the Constitution of his
country cannot invoke its protection for that
very act. The rebellion does not cease with
the surrender of the rebel arms; it never ceases
until the rebels become good citizens, return
to their allegiance in good faith, and accord to
all loyal men in their midst their constitutional
rights. The jurisdiction of Congress over the
subject matter once obtained by the rebellion
and the consequent destruction of civil gov-
ernments in the States does not cease until
such punishment is meted out to them and
such guarantees secured from them as the
national safety require, or as Congress, repre-
senting the supreme will of the nation, shall
demand.
. But, says the President, a portion of the
southern people are black, and they (for such
is the substance of the argument) "have no
rights that white men are bound to respeot."
They are ignorant, he says; he thinks they
ought to be set off in some country by them-
selves. In the name of all that is good what
kind of a " Moses'' is this. Gentlemen of thj#
opposition take up the subject approving the
President's sage views, appealing to the lowest
prejudices of our nature to induce us to deny
to the loyal people of the South their political
rights. One gentleman, my distinguished col-1
league from New York city, [Mr. Brooks,] in
a speech in this House a few days since,
entered into a minute description of the black
man. He told us of the curls in his hair; of
the thickness of his lips; of the size of hia
nose ; of the shape of his jaw; and the honor-
able gentleman got down into the dirt and
measured the length of his heel. He makes no
objection on the ground of color, for he says
there are many colors in the world, and no dis-
tinction should be made on that account; but the
distinction seems to be one of heels, sir—heels.
He carried us across the waters, and in splendid
flights of oratory he stood with a black man in
a Turkish harem, he glided over Moslem and
Arab history, and recalled with vivid portrait-
ure the glories of old Spain. He showed ua
the evil effects of amalgamation upon the Arab
and the Spaniard and other people. Here the
gentleman overleaped himself and gave a most
ungracious thrust at those rebel autocrats whose
Q&use he has been so obsequiously serving
with voice and pen these many years, for the
only amalgamationists in this country are these
same individuals whose cause he is pleading,
and in whom he would repose unchecked and
exclusive power in the South—the same men
who owned women and sold their offspring on
the auction block for gold. Sir, I concede all the
gentleman claims of the evil effects of amalga-
mation, and we are seeking by our policy of
reconstruction to give these blacks citizenship,
suffrage, and freedom, so that they can own
themselves and protect themselves from this
horrible system which slavery alone engenders.
And the honorable gentleman saw at length the
drift of his argument, and how severely it bore
upon his southern friends, for when he came
to speak of mulattoes his yearning tenderness
for the blood of the " first families" overcomes
him aud he hastens to make reparation, and he
says he would " admit the mulatto to the right
of suffrage," "but for violating a law of God,"
for he says he recognizes "our white blood
flowing in his veins, and I know that he is often
the equal and sometimes the superior of some
white men." . .
But the honorable gentleman is not entitled
to a copyright for the invention of his ethno-
graphical argument; it is as old as fraud and
slavery themselves. It was proclaimed two
years ago in the other end of this Capitol by
Senator Davis, of Kentucky, and reproduced
a few months ago by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Munges. ] I am astonished that the gen-
tleman, in his labored effort, omitted the other
part of the old harangue, and that is that
"Noah cursed Ham and doomed his children
