350
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 11,
Senate.
Representation in Congress—Mr. Yates.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
application of the Legislature or of tbo Executive
(when the Legislature cannot be convened) against
domestic violence."
A guarantor is one who undertakes to do a
thing, which another has undertaken to do, pro-
vided that other fails. Now, suppose South
Carolina, or any other State, should in its con-
stitution insert the word " black" before the
word "inhabitants," so as to provide that "all
black inhabitants shall be electors," would
Congress intervene? Would Congress, having
the power to guaranty republican forms of gov-
ernment, sit still, and see white citizens ex-
cluded from the suffrage by the constitution of
South Carolina ? Does any Senator dare to
answer categorically "Yes"- to that propo-
sition? I should like to see the Senator who
is bold enough to answer it in that way. Ken-
tucky says that her electors shall be all white
inhabitants, and she excludes every other than
the white race. Maryland does the same thing,
and Illinois does the same thing. Will you
intervene, will you exercise the powerconferred
on you by the Constitution, or will you bow
ignobly to the prejudice of caste and race?
Will you decline to intervene where black peo-
ple are excluded, and intervene where white
people are excluded ?
Mr. President, if we had expended the time
to find out power in the Constitution, for Con-
gress to confer upon men their rights, and to
establish and preserve a republican form of
government, if we had examined the Constitu-
tion closely and critically with a view to find
out this power, instead of trying to find that
Congress has not the power to guaranty a
republican form of government, by securing
to all men their rights, we should have been
more successful. For instance, take section
two of article one. This is the groundwork of
the claim of exclusive State jurisdiction over
the question of suffrage. It is as follows:
uThe House of Representatives shall be oomposed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States; and tho electors in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of
the most numerous branch of the State Legislature.''
If the States have exclusive power over this
question they get it from that section of the
Constitution. How do they get it from this
section? According to the construction of the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] they
get it by implication, in this way : it provides
that the Legislatures shall be chosen by the
people of the State, and these same people
who choose members of the Legislature, are
made the electors of Representatives in Con-
gress. Is there any more implication in favor
of the exercise of the power in this clause by
the Legislatures of the States, than there is
implication in favor of the exercise of the
power by Congress itself? It may be said to
me, " Surely you would not contend that Con-
gress should declare who shall elect members
of the State Legislature." I would not; I
would not think that very appropriate ; I would
not think it was doing the thing in the right
way exactly. But is it more appropiiate, that
the Legislature shall decide who aie to vote
for members of the Legislature, than that Con-
gress should say who are to vote for members
of Congress? With much propriety can I
say, that Congress shall define the rights and
qualifications of the citizens of the United
States, for the sake of uniformity in citizenship,
and as a matter of self-national preservation,
and not leave the question, who shall be citi-
zens of the United States to thirty six different
States, and have as many different standards
of citizenship as there are States in the Union.
But, sir, I waive this view of the case, because
the uniform construction has been that the
question belonged to the States in the first
instance, and i do not propose now, to question
that construction.
But this section of tho Constitution says that
the House of Representatives shall be composed
of members " chosen every second year." By
whom ? " By the people." Suppose that any
State constitution says that a part of the people
shall not be embraced in choosing Representa-
tives; suppose it excludes any particular class:
is not that State in conflict with this provision
of this Constitution, because all the people are
not represented, and are not consulted in choos-
ing their Representatives ? There can be no
mistake upon this point. Members of the Legis-
lature, and members of Congress are to be
chosen "by the people." The "people" in
each case are to be the electors; and those
who vote for members of Congress, are to have
the same qualifications as the electors of the
most numerous branch of the State Legisla-
ture.
Most clearly, if the Constitution of a State,
or the laws of a Legislature, so fix the qualifi-
cations of voters as to exclude any portion of
the people on the ground of race or color, it is
in conflict with this clause of the Constitution,
which provides that the people, not a part of
the people, not half of the people, not white
people, or black people, but all the people,
shall be represented in the choice of their
representatives, State and national.
I think I have shown, that all Senators on
this side of the Chamber admit that Congress
has aright to pass all laws necessary and proper
to guaranty to a State a republican form of
government, provided the States adopt consti-
tutions which are not republican forms of gov-
ernment.
Then, sir, the issue is clearly narrowed down
to the question, What is a republican govern-
ment? Whenever it can be shown that States
have violated this great fundamental idea, it is
clearly the duty of Congress to intervene.
My colleague [Mr. Trumbull] says, in a let-
ter, published in Tho Advance, a newspaper in
Chicago, that " a republican form of govern-
ment does not depend upon the numbers of the
people who participate in theprimary elections
for members of Congress." It is true, that it
does not exclusively depend on the numbers of
people who vote. Minors maybe excluded:
other persons may be excluded on account of
certain disabilities. But while a republican gov-
ernment does not depend on the numbers who
constitute the body politic, it does depend
largel}' on the question, whether any large por-
tion of the people are excluded from the ben-
efit of suffrage, on the ground of race, color,
or previous condition. Let me pot a case to
test the question. Suppose that in carrying
out the provision of the second section of the
first article of the Constitution, the constitu-
tion of some State should say, that Germans
should not participate in the choice of mem-
bers of the Legislature and Representatives in
Congress: would that be a republican form
ot government? Suppose that Illinois, whore
we hare a largo mass of Germans, a most in-
telligent, industrious, and thrifty population,
who constitute a large portion of the Republi-
can strength in that State, and who are almost
universally the friends of freedom, loyal to the
Government, andgallant defenders of the flag ;
suppose that the constitution of the State of
Illinois should be altered so as to say, that the
people who are to choose members of Con-
gress and members of the State Legislature
should not include any person of German
birth, would it not be atiti republican in form?
Does any man dare to say that it would not
be the duty of Congress to intervene to re-
store to those Germans their rights, to declare
the constitution of the State, so far as it
excluded this laige class of our fellow citizens,
to be not republican in its features? Suppose
that the people of Utah should exclude from
the polls everybody but Mormons, followers
of their faith; suppose that Connecticut should
exclude everybody except Congregationalists;
or Maryland everybody except Catholics, would
it not be our duty to intervene, and make those
governments republican in form? And yet,
when it is proposed to enfranchise tho negro,
we bow to the prejudice ot' caste, -int' say that
a State government is republican in form,
whether it excludes the colored man or not.
If I am asked whether there must not be
some limitations, I reply, yes; but not total
exclusion; there may be temporary disabili-
ties, of age, residence, and other disabilities;
but the difference between making temporary
provisions as to a class, and the total exclusion
of a whole race of our fellow-citizens, is very
apparent. ..
Mr. CONKLING-. By permission of the
Senator I beg to ask him a question. He says
that fixing qualifications as_ to residence and
age is within the power ot the States, as I
understand him. I beg to inquire whether, it
the State of Illinois should say that voting
should be confined to persons upward of forty-
five years of age, and who had resided in the
State of Illinois at least twenty-five years, such
a provision as that would be republican, in his
judgment ?
Mr. YATES. Exclusions from suffrage for
a time, and which apply to all men alike, arc
allowable. If all men are excluded, men of all
races, unless they are of suitable age, from
voting, I do not see anything which would con-
flict with its being a republican form of govern-
ment. Equality is the basis of a republican
government. The Senator seems to forget the
idea which enters into the definition of a
truly republican government. He was very
sound yesterday, or some other Senator was
very sound in my view, when he said, it did not
depend on Congress to say what sort of stat-
utes of limitation a State should have as to the
payment of debts, applicable to all citizens
alike, but Congress shall guaranty to every State
a republican lorm of government; and the test
whether a government is republican, depends
upon whether it grants to all citizens alike the
same privileges, and imposes upon all citizens
the same disabilities and duties. To define the
length of residence necessary to enable a man
to vote, to say what his age shall be, is one
thing; and to say that he shall not vote at all
because he is black or white, is an entirely dif-
ferent thing. In the latter case, color is made
the disqualification, just as race would be if
Germans were excluded from the ballot-box.
The State may preserve a right; it may fix the
qualifications; it may impose certain restric-
tions so as to have that right preserved in tho
best form to the people; but it is not legiti-
mately in the power of the State, it is not in
the power of the Congress of the United
States, it is not in any earthly power to de-
stroy a man's equal rights to his property, to
his franchise, to his suffrage, or to the right to
aspire to office—I mean according to the true
theory of a republican government. That is
the ono thing, that in this country, the Govern-
ment cannot do.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Conklixg]
will remember, that if a State constitution
should do so unwise a thing as to debar from
the polls aft men till forty-five years of age,
there is a question behind that. Who made
the constitution? Were all men, of all races
and colors permitted to vote on the question
whether that limitation should be put on all
alike? If he means that in the State of New
York, where only a portion of the people can
vote, that that portion of the people ha've a
right to impose such a limitation on others
who have no voice in making the limitation,
then most clearly such a provision would be
anti-republican. Jly answer to him is, that
such a pro-vision as he mentions, would estab-
lish an oligarchy, and therefore be unconstitu-
tional, while a reasonable limitation as to age
is not only proper, but absolutely necessaiy,
and it mado applicable to alt men alike would
be constitutional.
The Senator from New York will ask me, per-
haps— 1 address myself to him simply because
he sits before me—" Do you not consider Illi-
nois a republican government? Do not you
consider New York a republican government?"
