1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3899
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SI3TII LEA.
Mr. PERHAM, from tlio Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported back, with an amend-
ment in the form of a substitute, a bill (H. R.
No. 1315) for the relief of Seth Lea.
The substitute proposes to authorize and
direct the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Seth Lea, of Knox county, Tennessee, and
pay him a pension as a second lieutenant, com-
mencing January 15, 1863.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JANE ROOK.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reportedabill (H. R. No. 1413)
granting a pension to Jane Rook; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Jane Hook, mother
of James C. Rook, late a private in company
A, third regiment Maine volunteer infantry,
commencing July 10, 1802.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PliliHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SARAH K. JOIIXSON.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill (It. R. No.
1114) granting a pension to Sarah K. Johnson ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Sarah K. Johnson, late of Salis-
bury, North Carolina, and pay her a pension
at the rate of thirty dollars per month, com-
mencing March 4, 1808, and to continue during
her natural life.
Mr. MULL1NS. I desire to inquire why
the committee propose in the case of this lady
that the pension shall continue during her nat-
ural life?
Mr. PERHAM. It is a pension on account
of her own services.
l'h bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
Dy wnich the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PERHAM. The gentleman from West
Virginia [Mr. Polsley] has prepared a most
interesting repoit in this case, and I move that
it be printed in the Globe with the other pro-
ceedings.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
would be proper, as it is a novel ease.
Mr. MILLER. I think where there are re-
ports in these cases they should go into the
Globe.
The SPEAKER. That would enlarge the
Globe very much.
The report was ordered to be printed. It is
as follows:
The Committee on Invalid Pensions, to whom was
referred the petition of Mrs. Sarah K. Johnson, have
given the same their most careful consideration, and
ask leave to mnko tho following report:
That our northern women have won the highest
praise for their devotion and self-sacrifice in the
cause of their country, but great as their labors and
sacrifices have been they are certainly inferior to
those of some of the loyal women of the South, who,
for the love they bore to their country and its flag,
braved all tho contempt, obloquy, and scorn which
southern women could heap) upon them; who lived
for years in utter isolation from the society of rela-
tions, friends, and neighbors because they would
render such aid and succor as was in their power to
tho defenders of the national cause in prison, in sor-
row, and in suffering. Among these heroines none
deserves a higher place in the record of womanly
patriotism and courage than Mrs. Sarah K.Johnson.
At the breaking out of tho war Mrs. Johnson was
teaching a school in Salisbury, where she was born
and always resided. When the first prisoners were
brought into that place the southern women turned
out in their carriages and with a band escorted them
through the town, and when they filed past saluted
them with contemptuous epithets. From that time
Mr?. Johnson determined to devote herself to the
amelioration of the condition of the prisoners; and
the testimony of thousands of the Union soldiers
confined there proves how nobly she performed the
duties she undertook. It was no easy task, for she
was entirely alone, being the only woman who openly
advocated Union sentiments and attempted to ad-
minister to the wants of tho prisoners. For fifteen
months none of the women of Salisbury spoke to her
or called upon her, and every possible indignity was
heaped upon her ns a ' Yankee sympathizer/ Her
scholars were withdrawn from her school, and it was
broken up, and her moans were very limited; never-
theless, she accomplished more by sympathetic ar-
rangements tha n many would have done with a larger
outlay of money.
When the first exchange of prisoners was made
she went to the depot to arrange some pallets for
some of the sick who were leaving, when she stum-
bled in tho crowd, and looking down she found a
young Federal soldier who had fainted and fallen,
and was in danger of being trodden to death. She
raised hiin up and called for water, but none of the
people would get her a drop to save a 'Yankee's'
life. Somo of tho soldiers who wciein the cars threw
their eanteens to her. and she succeeded in reviving
him; during this time the ciowd heaped upon her
every insulting epithet they could think of, and her
life even was m danger. But *>he braved it all, and
succeeded in obtaining permission from Colonel God-
win, then in command of the post, who was a kind-
hearted man, to let her remove him to her own house,
promising to take caro of him a4! if he were her own
son, and if he died togivehim Christian burial, lie
was in the last stages of consumption, and she felt
sure he would die if taken to tho prison hospital.
None of the citizens of tho place would even assist
in carrying him, and afteratimctwo gentlemen from
Richmond stepped forward and helped to convey
him to her house. There she watched over him for
hours, as he was in a terrible state fiom neglect,
having had blisters applied to his chest which had
never been dressed and were full of vermin.
Tho poor boy, whose name was Hugh Perry, was
from Wisconsin, and belonged to the lifth Michigan
cavalry, only lived a, few days, and she had a grave
dug for him in her garden, for burial had been re-
fused in the public graveyard, and she had been
threatened that if she had him interred decently his
body should be dug up and buried in tho street, and
they even threatened to take his body from the house
tor that purpose. Mrs. Johnson assured them that
they could only do that over her dead body, and that
she should resist them to death.
For this and similar things she was cited to appear
before the sessions of the Presbyterian church; for
this and similar acts of humanity she was literally
ostracised from society, and when the war came to
an end she was compelled to leave the place.
During the first two years she was enabled to do a
great many acts of kindness for tho prisoners, but
after that time she was watched very closely as a
Yankee sympathizer, and the rules of the prison were
stricter, and what she could do was done by strategy,
lier means now were much reduced, but she still
continued in her good works, cutting up her carpets
and spare blankets to make into moccasins, and
when newsquadsof prisoners arrived supplied them
with bread and water as they halted in front of her
house, which they were compelled to do for hours,
wasting the routine of being mustered into the prison.
They were not allowed to leave the ranks, and she
would turn an old-fashioned windlass herself for
hours, raising water from herwell. for tho prisoners
were often twenty-four to forty-eight hours on the
railroad without rations or water.
Genwially the officer in command would grant
her request, but once a sergeant told her, in reply,
if she gave any of them a drop of water or a piece of
bread or dared to come outside of her gate for that
purpose he would pin her to the earth with his bay-
onet. She defied him, and taking her pail of water
in one hand and a basket of bread in the other, she
walked directly past him on her errand of mercy ;
he followed her, placing his bayonet between her
shoulders, just so that she could feel the cold steel.
She turned and coolly asked him why he did not pin
her to the earth, as he had threatened to do, but got
no reply. Then some of the rebels said. "Sergeant,
you can't make anything out of that woman, you
had better let her alone," and site performed her
work unmolested. She came North last summer to
visit her daughter who had been placed in school in
Connecticut by the kindness of some of the ollicors
she had befriended while in prison, transportation
having been given her by Generals Scholield and
Carter, who testified to the set vices she had rendered
our prisoners, and that sho was entitled to the grati-
tude of the Government and all loyal citizcns.
Your committee desire to include in their report
extracts from a letter of Mr. Eddy, who was con-
fined in Salisbury prison, North Carolina:
"I was a prisoner at that place, and as such formed
the acquaintance of Mrs. Johnson, an acquaintance
never to be forgotten. Her kindness to theprisoners
literally knew no bounds but her abilities, and tbese
seemed to increase with the demands of the ease.
" For, like the poor woman of old, 'her barrel of
meal wasted not, neither did her cruise of oil fail.'
She was one of those mysterious women who seemed
always to abound, and yet to have nothing herself.
She is a wonderful woman. No prisoner was sick
the fact of which she did not hear at once, and some
comfort always came. There was not a single excep-
tion. She attended toourwashingatapecuniary loss
tohciself. She wrotelettcrsofcomfortand good cheer.
She wept with us, and when we went away she re-
oioed with us, and was the ouly one who extended
to us a kind and parting hand.
"That she did what she did from pure motives is
clear to my mind; first, in that she did it in face of
such opposition; second, in that she did it to the im-
poverishing of herself; third, in that she did it when
the almost universal sentiment of the South was that
the confederacy must be a success. I believe her
motives were pure. I bcliveshesacrificed everything
for the Union soldiers. She was one among the few.
W« prisoners found but one woman like her."
The following is a copy of a letter signed by twelve
officers of the United States Navy, and at the time it
was written were prisoners in Salisbury:
Confederate States Military Prisox,
Salisbury, North Carolina, January 22,1863.
Madam : Allow me to tender you my many grate-
ful acknowledgments, and those of my officers and
fellow-prisoners, for your kind and very acceptable
loan of crockery for the uso of tho mess, without
which we should be compelled to take our meals
with no regard to proprieties, not to say tho decen-
cies of civilized life.
Poor as wo are in everything but thanks, we can
only pray that this and all the other similar acts of
kindness on your part may be abundantly recom-
pensed by llim who has declared that inasmuch as
they are done unto the least of one of these his
brethren they are done unto Him. I trust thatwhen
(if ever) wo aro so happy as to be released from those
bonds wc shall be privileged, before returning to our
homes and the beloved ones whose hearts are this
day full of sorrow and anxiety on our account, to
express to you in person our gratitude for your kind-
ness and sympathy for us in the calamity which has
befallen us, strangers as we are to you, and with no
other claims than that of a common humauityaud
Christian brotherhood, both unhappily too often
disregarded by poth parties in these evil times.
Dr. C. 1). Palmer, of Cincinnati, Ohio, certifies as
follows:
" X havo known her personally and intimately since
September, 1866, during which time I have been fam-
ily physician of'Mrs. Sarah K. Johnson. My attention
was first drawn to her in the capacity of city physi-
cian for the poor, on account of her pecuniary want.
1 found her much reduced in health, requiring my
services almostconstantly. Her nervous system has
been so seriously impaired from what she has under-
gone during the war that she has not been, nor do I
think she ever will be, able to maintain heiself, or
attend even to her ordinary household duties. She
is a woman of great force of character and strength
of will, and no ordinary amount of physical, and
mental labor could have so wrecked her constitution."
From evidence and letters presented to the com-
mittee they are of the opinion (as expressed in one
of the letters written to her by one who had received
aid and comfort from her) that she "lives in the
hearts and memories of thousands of our people."
She was " tho angel of mercy—nobly stepping between
the forlorn prisoner and the phantom of despair—
giving to his crushed heart a bright remembrance
of a good and kind mother, bidding him be patient
and cheerful, that the hour of deliverance might find
him able to enjoy the anticipated pleasured' a union
with the loved ones around the family health."
Your committee have examined tho case with
much care, and take pleasure in i eporting the accom-
panying bill, granting her a pension of thirty dollars
per month, commencing March 4, 1863, it appearing
that Mrs. Johnson is very feeble in health, and that
she has been obliged to leave her native State of
North Carolina in consequence of her continued kind-
ness to Union prisoners in the Salisbury prison.
LAND BOUNTIES.
Mr, PERHAM, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back the following
resolution j and the same was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands:
Mrsolvt'd, That the Committee on Pensions bo
instructed to inquire into the expediency of prcvid-
ing by law for bounties in land, to be given to the
soldiers of the nation in the lato war of the rebel-
lion, and report by bill or otherwise.
CLERK OP PENSION COMMITTEE.
Mr. MILLER. I now submit the resolution
which is reported from the Committee on
| Invalid Pensions.
j The Clerk read as follows :
| Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
I seiitalives be, and is hereby, authorized and directed
i to pay to the clerk of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
i sions a sum of money which shall make his compen-
j sation equal to that of the clerk of the Committee
I of Claims, to commence July 1, 1E68,
