1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1851
with me that where books claim to be dupli-
cates of each other they ought to be alike.
If they are not alike, it occurs to me, without
looking in the dictionary for a definition of
the word, that they are not "duplicates."
And then it comes right back to this point,
that in one part of the Treasury building there
is a book purporting to be a history of a trans-
action that reads one way and in another
part of the same huilding there is another
book purporting to be a history of the same
transaction, by the same men, at the same
time, that reads another way, and in another
part of the building there is still another book
purporting to be a history of the same transac-
tion, by the same men, atthe same time, which
I understand reads still differently. Now, if
this is not "irregular," what does the word
mean ? And for that reason I regret that the
committee have not—probably they had not
time—guarded that report a little more care-
fully. It may be susceptible of satisfactory
explanation, but I do think the report is not
sufficiently guarded in many respects, and this
is one of them.
The report proceeds to say, "they were then
destroyed, and a certificate in accordance with
the facts signed on the proper books"—-that
is, on all the books—"before described, and
containing the statement and certificate of the
counting committee." Now, to a party unac-
quainted with the transaction, who had not
given his attention to it, that would look as
though everything was straight and plain and
fair. Yet it has come out in the discussion
this morning that the different books were not
alike, that the certificates are not alike, but
they contradict each other.
Now, without continuing the examination
of this report in detail, I will just call the at-
tention ot the House to the last clause of it,
which has already been referred to, and which
I think is very unfortunate in its mode of ex-
pression, because it has gone to the country,
"The committee having found nothing irregu-
lar in the matters referred to," &c. What
does that mean? It means that if this certifi-
cate in reference to the destruction of this
$18,040,000 of so-called bonds is regular then
all the certificates preceding that, with one
exception, numbering hundreds of certificates
probably, are all irregular, because they are
not at ail like this certificate.
Now, this committee in the Treasury certify
that they destroyed bonds; another committee
certify on the same page that they were not
bonds which were destroyed. Now, that is
what has given rise to all this trouble. Now,
in my judgment, and I speak with a great deal
of deference, what ought to have been done
was to have stated that the book was irregular,
informal, and incorrect, but that it was done
without any intent to defraud, as I verily be-
lieve was the case ; and that the officers in the
Department—if such be the case—pledge them-
selves that no more such certificates as that
shall go upon the records of the Department.
Now, from what I have learned, I think the
officers will see to it that no more such records
as that will appear on the books of the Treas-
ury Department through all the years of the
coming future. Now, I think this whole diffi-
culty grows out of the fact that men sign cer-
tificates without seeing whether the statements
they contain are falsehoods or not, but let
things go on in a Kind of slow and easy way,
without any reference to ihe facts in the ease.
Now, the committee ought to change their
report in that respect; I do not think it should
go to the country in the shape it is now in.
The books are certainly irregular—I mean this
particular page. I want to be guarded in my
expressions, for I know nothing about the
Treasury Department Printing Bureau, &c.,
except in this respect. But the book is irreg-
ular in this respect, it is incorrect, itis informal;
it contradicts itself upon its face; and what
the country wants to know is how that hap-
pened, so as to satisfy the public that, there is
a satisfactory explanation of it. I think that
satisfactory explanation cau be given, but I
do not think, with all deference to this com-
mittee, that they have given it. I am sorry
that the report of the committee does not con-
tain just the facts in the ease. And I want to
say, for the benefit of the gentlemen who
signed this certificate, that they ought to be
ashamed to place their names to any such
certificate as appears on that book. Either
four of thein have certified to a thing which
is absolutely untrue or else the other three
gentlemen certified to a statement which was
not based upon fact. I think good will come
out of this. All investigation generally brings
truth to light. And I believe, further, that
these irregularities, these informalities, these
incorrect proceedings, will be corrected in the
future, so far as this particular matter is con-
cerned. As to the rest of the book I know
nothing about it, for I have not attempted to
investigate it further than to examine this par-
ticular page of the record.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. Is it in order now to call
for the reading of this report?
The SPEAKER. It is not during the time
of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Price.]
Mr. RANDALL. I think the House would
be very much better able to understand the
subject if they could hear the report read.
The SPEAKER. It will be proper to have
the report read before the vote is taken, but
not during the time of the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Price.]
Mr. PRICE. I now yield to the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Halsey.]
Mr. ITALSEY. 1 desire to state to the House
what I understand the word "irregular" to
mean in this report. It was charged that a
certain number of sheets of blank paper had
been destroyed, representing so much money.
Now, if the evidence which Mr. Neale gave
us is correct, and I have no doubt it is, it has
been the habit of the Department, whenever
in the course of printing securities there have
been five, ten, or twenty imperfect sheets of
blank paper, to put them in with other sheets
that are spoiled in printing and count them as
so much money, the same as if perfect, in
order to balance the accounts. They have been
in the habit of entering them precisely as though
their denominational value were their real
value. Therefore it was that the committee
saw no irregularity in the mode of destroying
these bonds. The only difference is that in
this case the amount was larger than it had
been before. Hence, we said there was no
irregularity. I agree with the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Price] in his views in regard to the
manner of doing this ; and. as a member of the
committee, 1 shall certainly object to that
method of transacting business, and I have no
doubt the matter will now be corrected. It
certainly is a wrong practice. It seems to me
the blank paper should be returned and ac-
counted for, so that the accounts may be bal-
anced, and that the blank paper shall not be
counted as so much money.
Mr. PRICE. I knew that my friend from
New Jersey [Mr. Halsey] was too good a
business man to disagree with me on this point.
I was confident that he knew what every other
business man knows, that every certificate
ought to state the facts exactly as they are. If
a bond is destroyed, it ought to be so stated;
if a Treasury note is destroyed it ought to be
so stated; if fractional currency is destroyed
it ouglit to be so stated ; if a mutilated bond is
destroyed it ought to be so stated ; if blank
paper is destroyed it ought to be so stated.
When such a statement goes to the world any
common-sense man can understand it.
Mr. YAN VVYOK. Let me correct the gen-
tleman. The record does state the character
and description of the paper—the bond or the
mutilated or blank paper which is destroyed.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman from New
York, if he speaks in reference to that page,
states what, in my opinion, is inconsistent with
the facts. I ask the Clerk to send me that
paper. I may be mistaken about the matter.
If i am, this is the time to correct me.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Here it is, px-intedinthe
Globe. It is headed "blanks."
Mr. PRICE. I prefer to take the original
paper, which I have now in my hand. This
paper, I presume, is a copy of the page of the
book. I will read it, and I ask gentlemen to
give it their attention.
" Schedule of United States five-twenty registered
bonds, act March 3.1863."
Then on another line by itself:
" Blanks, returned by me this day to be destroyed."
Then there is a statement of twenty-eight
hundred of fifty dollar bonds, describing not
only the number of bonds, but the denomi-
nation, and it is carried out $140,000. This
does not say blank paper; it says "bonds."
Then there are three bonds of $1,000 each,
carried out, §3,000 ; thirty-seven hundred
bonds of $5,000 each, carried out, $18,500,000;
making an aggregate of $18,048,000.
Now, let the House give attention to the
certificate.
Treasury Department,
Washington, December It), 1867.
We hereby certify that all the United States secur-
ities—
Not blank pieces of paper, but " securities."
Is there any man in this House or out of it
who has not sense enough to know that a
blank piece of paper is not a United States
security?
We hereby certify that all the United States secur-
ities, specified and described in the foregoing sched-
ule—
The schedule I have read ; and I say that if
these were blank pieces of paper (he man who
would sign such a certificate as that cither does
not know what ho signs or does not care. That
is about as mild language as any in which I
can characterize the proceeding. Now, let
me read this certificate as a whole:
Treasury Department,
Washington, December 19,1867.
Wo hereby certify that, nil the United States secur-
ities specified and described in the foregoing sched-
ule were this day totally destroyed in our presence.
W. V. S. WILSON,
For the Secretary nf the Treasury.
CHARLES NEALE,
For the Register of the U'rcasuii/.
J. W. W1IELPLEY,
For the Treasurer of the United States.
GEORGE M. DAVIS,
Specially appointed bp the Secretary.
Then, right on the same piece of paper, we
have this statement:
These bonds arc but blank picccs of paper.
This is a certificate made afterward, not a
certificate of the destruction at all. It is made
at another time and by different parties. Not
one of the signers of this signs the certificate I
have already read; and this has no reference
to the destruction of bonds at all.
These bonds are but blank pieces of paper. Tho
authority of the committee tor denominating them
as bonds of specified value is derived from slips that
accompany each package, which slips are made out
in office ot Mr, Clark.
J. N. BURKET, for Secretary.
ALBERTS. SEELY,/or lieyister.
R. COURTNEY,/or 1'rcamrer.
That certificate was not on there when these
men certified they destroyed $18,643,000 of
United States securities. It was not there
then, sir; I do not know whether it was put
there next week or next month. There is
nothing upon the record to show when it was
put there.
Mr. WELKERrose.
Mr. PRICE. Notforamoment. Iamnow
attending to the case of my friend on the left,
the chairman of the Committee on Retrench-
ment. He says the certificate specified this as
blankpaper. I say that it does not. The cer- "
tificate has not a word about blank paper. I
pretend to know what a certificate is when I see
it. I knowhowitoughttobemadeand what it
should be. I have seen certificates many times.
I say that this certificate does not say a word
about this being blank paper.
Now, sir, if these men told the truth when
they signed the paper, that these were $18,-
043,000 of bonds, and if these three other men
told the truth when they signed the other
paper, there is an untruth between them. One
