2876
THE conoressiotal GLOBE.
well be given at the present time, ,1- would'
Bay, in regard to this matter, that there are
now pending before the Pension Committee
from sixty to eighty cases of this kind; per-
sons who from various causes failed to make
their applications within the time provided by
law. Many of these are from Tennessee and
the border States, where there was such con-
fusion at the time that the parties were unable
to make application as they should have done
within the time prescribed.
There are many other instances in which
persons were missing during the war and their
friends were hoping against hope that they
would finally return until the time expired
within which the applications should have been
made. In many cases the application was
properly made by the applicant himself, but
through some error in the mail or some fault
on the part of the agent who did the business,
the papers were not received at the proper
time. Nearly all these cases we find upon
examination were of such a character that we
cannot properly reject them. We believe,
therefore, whatever may be the expense—and
we think it cannot be large—we cannot prop-
erly refuse pensions of that character.
The next seetiou provides that in certain
cases in which the mothers of the children of
deceased soldiers may abandon their care, or
from any cause may become unfif. to have the
custody oi the children, application may be
made to the probate court or the court having
probate jurisdiction in the place where they
reside, and a certificate that such a mother has
become unfitto have the charge of the children
be made to the Commissioner of Pensions,
the pension may be issued to the guardian.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand the effect
of the provision to be to take away the pension
from the widow in this case?
Mr. PERHAM. Yes, sir; it goes through
the guardian to the child.
Mr. MILLER, ltgives the allowance to the
child. It does not affect the pension of the
widow. '
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me it does take
away the pension from the widow which the
law gives her, as well as the two dollars a month
to the child. I ask the gentleman to allow the
section to be read again.
Mr. PERHAM. The morning hour has
nearly expired, and I desire to have the previous
question seconded.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered.
T he first question was on the amendment of
Mr. Peters, as follows :
In the first section after the word "mother" add
the following:
And upon the death of the mother and father the
dependent brothers and sisters under sixteen years
oi age shall become entitled to a pension, commenc-
ing from and after the death of the parly who, pre-
ceding them, would have been entitled to the same.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that that would
not limit the pension to sixteen years of age.
Mr. PERHAM. "Sixteen years of age"
applies of coarse to the children only.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems fco ine to be
defective.
Mr. PEi'ISRS. I see no trouble about it.
it applies to the children.
Mr. HOLMAN. it is very clear that the
limitation ought to be until they attain the age
of sixteen years respectively. And the word
jointly ' ought also to be inserted, because
otherwise each one of the children would be
entitled to the pension.
Mr. PE TE KS. That is regulated by another
provision. I will, huwever, modify my amend-
ment to meet the gentleman's objection.
The amendment, as modified, was read, as
follows :
And upon the death of the mother and father the
dependent brother? and sisters under sixteen years
oi ap:e shall jointly become entitled to a pension
until they attain tlie as?e of sixteen years respect-
ively, oummoncing from and after the death of the
party who, preceding them, would be entitled to the
dame.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engro.ssed and read a third time ; and being
June 5,
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. HARDING. Does this bill provide
for the payment to those soldiers who were
killed by collision of cars?
Mr. PERHAM. It does not.
Tho bill was passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that that body
had agreed to the amendment of the House to
the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.
It. No. 1117) to supply partial deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending on the 80th of June, 1868.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the
amendment of the House to the bill (S. No.
188) to amendan act entitled "An act for the
relief of inhabitants of cities and towns on the
public lands," approved March 2, 1867.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the
amendment of the House to the bill (S. No.
190) to further provide for giving effect to
various grants of public land in the State of
Nevada.
The message further announced that the
Senate had directed the return to the House,
in compliance with its request, of the act (H.
R. No. 44) to change the name of the ship
Goleonda.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
(S. No. 331) to extend the time for completing
the military road authorized by an act entitled
"An act granting lands to the States of Michi-
gan and Wisconsin to aid in the construction
of a military road from Fort Wilkins, Copper
Harbor, Keewenaw county, in the State of
Michigan, to Fort Howard, Green Bay, in the
State of Wisconsin when the Speaker signed
the same.
message from the president.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Colonel William G. Moore, his Pri-
vate Secretary, who also informed the House
that the President had approved and signed a
bill and joint resolution of the following titles :
An act (H. R. No. 780) declaring St. George,
Boothbay, Bucksport, Vinalhaven, and North
Haven, in the State of Maine, and San An-
tonio, in the State of Texas, ports of entry ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 279) in rela-
tion to the breakwater at Portland, Maine.
message FItOJI the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hamlix, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed a bill (S. No.
180) relating to contracts payable in coin, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
It further announced that the Senate insisted
on its amendments to House bill No. 1039, to
admit the State of Arkansas to representation
in Congress, agreed to the conference asked
by the House, and had appointed as the man-
agers of said conference on its part Mr. Trum-
bull, Mr. Drake, aud Mr. Wilson.
lands in menomonee JUYElt.
Mr. SCliENCK obtained the floor.
Mr. DRIGGS. Will the gentleman yield to
me to introduce a bill for reference ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. As my colleague on the
Committee of Ways and Means objects, I can-
not yield.
Mr. DRIGGS. Why, the gentleman stated
to me positively a few moments since that he
would yield.
I hope the gentleman
Mr. MAYNARD.
will not yield.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman thinks
I ain treating him in any way unfairly he shall
have the opportunity, but I give notice to. the
twelve or fifteen other gentlemen who are ask-
ing me to yield that I will yield no further.
Mr. DRIGGS then, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1161) to authorize
frout proprietors on the Menoniouee river in
Michigan and Wisconsin, as riparian owners,
to have surveyed and to enter the fast lands in
said river; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reconsider tlie
various votes by which bills have been referred
this morning; and to lay the motion to /eeoa-
sider on the table.
Tha latter motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL TAX BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I tnove that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, aud resume the consideration of
the internal tax bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Pomeroy in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 1060) to reduce into one act and
to amend the laws relating to internal taxes.
The pending section was section six, which
had 6een amended to read as follows:
_ Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue shall have power to
appoint and remove all collectors, assessors, assistant
assessors, supervisors of internal revenue, gaugers,
storekeepers, and other officers and clerks employed
in the internal revenue service, except as otherwise
provided for in this act.
The CHAIRMAN. Wrhen the committee
rose last night the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ingersoll] had offered an amendment,
but as it was not reduced to writing, and he is
not in his seat, it cannot be entertained.
Mr. WOOD. I move to amend the section
by inserting after the words "internal rev-
enue," in the second line, the words " by and
with the advice and consent of the Representa-
tive in Congress from the district in which, the
duty is pertormed."
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment in
good faith. I think that it would be wrong in
principle and injurious in practice for Congress
to confer upon this officer the sole and indi-
vidual authority which this bill would confer
upon him. He should be responsible to some
power. If Congress thinks it should not be to
the Secretary of the Treasury, nor to the Pres-
ident of the United States, nor to the Senate
of the United States, why, then, I think that
the members of this House are quite well quali-
fied to exert a check over the exercise of this
vast patronage that we propose to confer upon
him. Thereibre it is that I would like to see the
Commissioner required to consult the member
of the House of Representatives, without ref-
erence to his political position, representing the
district in Congress in which the particular
officer is to discharge his duties, so that he
shall not be able to change the collector at 1ns
pleasure in your district or in my district with-
out our consent, and so that he shall not use
this power of changing these officers either for
or against any political party or any candidate
for election to Congress against the wishes and
interests of the Representative iu Congress,
who, it is to be presumed, knows the wants of
the people and knows the people of the district
better than any officer whom the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue might appoint. There-
lore, I repeat that this amendment is offered
in good faith, for the purpose of holding a
check and control over the Commissioner, that
the Representative in Congress shall be con-
sulted, and that no removal or appointment
shall be made unless his consent shall first be
obtained.
Mr. WARD. I rise to oppose the amend-
