1868.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
353
40tii Cong....2d Sess.
Representation in Congress—Mr. Yates.
Senate.
expense of that Government at whose throat
he made an infernal leap. Robert Toombs is
an educated man. I would rather trust the
government of the people of the United States
to the hands of all the people, to the hands of
the humblest laborer who was loyal, and who
had an honest heart, who was devoted to his
country, than to any oligarchy or favored few.
Sir, it is the ballot which is to be the great
educator. The fact that men have an interest
in the Government, that they have the right to
vote and hold office, is an incentive to them to
inform themselves. This is the reason why
education is more universally diffused in the
United States than in any other country. This
is the reason why we have schools and col-
leges everywhere in our midst. They are the
offspring of the molding influences of our free
institutions. They are born of the ballot.
Much has been said about the results of the
recent elections. Mr. President, if the Re-
publican party will stand to its guns, will stand
upon the platform which in its past record it
has made for itself, will stand by the sequences
of its own teachings, i have no fears for the
result. As for myself, sir, as I did three years
ago, so now I "accept the situation." 1 nail
the colors of universal suffrage to the mast-
head ; and I am for it by act of Congress,
guarantying a republican government to every
State in the Union, liastas well as West, North
as well as well as South.
I do not propose to arraign the Democratic
party. I will only say this: they have been the
consistent opponents of the war from the start.
The rebellion could not have stood on its legs
a single year without its aid and cooperation.
The Democratic party, as an organization, has
been part and parcel, yea, the very heart and
life of the rebellion itself. It has furnished it
its leaders, its aid and sympathies. In their
conventions, in their platforms, in their presses,
in Congress, in their Legislatures, they opposed
every measure for a vigorous prosecution of
the war. Sir, I well remember when in the
western States, in 1862 and 1863, the Demo-
cratic Legislatures were nothing more nor less
than rebel camps in the capitals of those States
in which they met. They passed resolutions
denouncing the war, and threw every obstacle
in our way, as ever since, they have persist-
ently resisted every measure by Congress, for
the speedy and proper reconstruction of the
Union.
What patriot can ever forget the Democratic
National Convention at Chicago of July 29,
1864, presided over by Horatio Seymour and
engineered by Vallandigham, when the whole
weight and power of the Democratic party were
thrown in favor of the enemies of the country ?
It was at that fearful crisis in the history of
the country, when the scales hung even, when
Sherman and our brave boys in blue were mov-
ing on through Dalton, over Lookout mountain,
and Mission Ilidge, and from Atlanta to the
sea, amid shot and shell, and the war and thun-
der of battle; when Sheridan was sweeping
along the valley of the Shenandoah, and when
Grant was struggling in that hand-to-hand tight
through the Wilderness ; when our losses were
counted by thousands; when the question of
English intervention hung doubtful in the
scales ; when the good Lincoln, through the
weary watches of the night, with long strides
nervously paced his executive chamber await-
ing, ti emblingly, dispatches from the Army. It
was while events like these were transpiring
that the Democratic National Convention in
Chicago, representing the party in every State
of the Union, passed, amid heaven-rending
huzzas, with all the forms of parliamentary
solemnity, that resolution, forever black with
the imperishable stain of treason, that the war,
after lour years of fighting, was a failure, and
that the public welfare demanded animmediate
cessation of hostilities.
1'hat party even now charge it as the great
crime of the Republican party, that it disfran-
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 23.
chises the leading rebels. They proclaim that
those States which made war upon the Gov-
ernment, and set up governments in direct
antagonism to our own, are lawful States in the
Union, having the right all the time during the
war, and now, to send their Senators and Rep-
resentatives unquestioned, to take their seats in
the Congress of the United States.
And, sir, to the great shame of the Demo-
cratic party, while they would receive with
open arms into Congress, the leaders of that
party which organized the rebellion, brought
on the war, filled the land with mourning and
desolation, and by plunder and piracy, by
arson and murder, by perjury and by poison,
by the slow tortures of starvation, and by
every savage and infernal cruelty shocking in
the sight of God and man ; while they would
bring them back, and introduce them to the
high places of power, to resume their former
influence in the Government, they descend to
the unworthy work of belittling the loyal
blacks, and unblushingly advocate the dis-
franchisement of those men of another race
who guided and cheered our boys in bine, and
won their title to the nation's gratitude by
deeds of imperishable valor.
If I had time 1 could tuin to the brighter
record of the Republican party, show its record
bright with the country saved from the hands
of the spoiler, and the burner of the Union
planted upon every battlement where traitor
hands had put it down. But I refer to it only
in one aspect, as it may bear upon the enfran-
chisement of the race it set free.
Deplorable as war was, it has had its com-
pensations. Slavery is dead, and will know no
resurrection; that most accursed chatteling of
human beings, the auction-block, the tearing
asunder of mother and child, the day of stripes
and the lash, the revolver and the bowie-knife,
are past. Densandcavei'ns,thepursuingblood-
liounds, mountains climbed and rivers crossed
and no escape from the Constitution and the
laws—these have past. What a sublime result,
that not a single slave clanks his chains upon
one inch of American soil, and that the na-
tions hail with shouts of joy the banner of uni-
versal emancipation I Thanks to God; thanks
to the Anti-Slavery Society; thanks to Parker,
Garrison, Henry Ward Beecher, Wendell
Phillips, and all the pioneers in the anti-
slavery cause; thanks to the Republican party
and the Thirty-Ninth Congress; thanks to
Grant and Sheridan and Sherman and our
brave boys in blue everywhere; thanks to
Abraham Lincoln for the proclamation of
emancipation ; thanks to all who labored, suf-
fered, and achieved, who fought and who fell
for this lifting up to light and liberty and citi-
zenship five millions of God's long-oppressed
and downtrodden poor; but thanks also to the
poor freedman himself, for he, too, has borne
himself most nobly. Of them it may be said,
" Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit
the earth." How humbly have they walked,
poor slaves and outcasts! no law for them, no
home, no property, no name, no wife nor child
he could call his own, no heritage but hopeless
bondage—borne down for centuries by the iron
heel ot foul oppression, they never aspired to rule
over us ; they only asked to be hewers of wood
and drawers of water, and for a place to he
down and die. Instead of insurrections and
massacres of women and children, as we
feared, no instance is on record of a single
act of savage cruelty on their part during the
war. It was said they were too cowardly to
fight, and yet they fought more daringly than
Napoleon's veterans, and threw themselves
headlong on the battlements of the enemy and
into the mine of Petersburg, and into the
breach at Port Hudson, and into the jaws of
death everywhere, with an irrepressible ardor
and lofty daring, equaled only by that of out-
own unmatched and dauntless boys in blue,
fighting for a flag, which for two hundred years
has been the ensign of liberty for all but them.
In all the long and fearful struggle of the war,
not one of these sable millions ever proved faith-
less to'the flag. Did one solitary one of them
ever refuse to share his scanty loaf with the sick
and wounded soldier? Who, when night spread
its dark robes over the earth, led our worn and
wearied soldier through bayous, swamps, and
by-paths, and bid him God speed to his home,
and the headquarters of our Army ?
And now, after having secured our own
safety and the life of the nation aided by his acts
of valor, in common with those of our brave
soldiers ; if, after they have been called to be
soldiers of the Army of the Union; if, after
we have clothed them in the uniform of the
United States Army; if, after they have
flashe 1 two hundred thousand bayonets in
the face of Jeff. Davis and his traitor hordes;
if now, we open the portals of the American
ballot-box to bloody-handed traitors, and leave
them to the tender mercies, and hostile legisla-
tion ot their former owners, we shall commit the
crime of history, and write upon the nation's
name, in lines dark as night, and deep as hell, a
stigma which all the ages cannot wash away.
Let no friend of the Republican party be dis-
couraged through any temporary defeat. Let
him remember, that despite occasional defeats,
the true center of gravity in a republican Gov-
ernment like ours, is in that power which repre-
sents the theory of liberty on which the Gov-
ernment is based. Remember that the march
of our republican army, has been through storms
of persecution, iron walls of prejudice, and
through defeat after defeat to final triumph.
There are men here who remember the time,
when to speak against slavery, was denounced
as a crime against society. It was death for
Lovejoy, imprisonment for Parker, and mob-
law and lyneh-law for the early pioneers in the
eauseof freedom. Any other sin might be atoned
for, but, clad in iron mail, slavery was secure
behind its impregnable bulwarks. Only m
1837, the blood ol Elijah Lovejoy sprinkled the
soil of my own State, while bravely defending
his press against an infuriated mob. But Irom
that blood men sprang, as Minerva from the head
ol Jupiter, full armed with buckler,lance, spear,
and helmet of living truth, to fire the world
against the accursed system of human bondage.
Only in 184'J, as a member of the Legislature
of my own State, I introduced a resolution to
abolish the slave traffic in the District of Col-
umbia, and it was voted down by an over-
whelming majority. 1 remember well the time
when it was just as unpopular to advocate the
abolition of the slave traffic in this District,
where men were sold upon the auction block,
and shook their chains in the face of the Capi-
tol, as it is now to advocate the passage of an
act by Congress, where the States have failed to
secure suffrage in every State in the Union.
Twice has it been my pleasure to witness these
colored men, in all the dignity of enfranchised
manhood, march to the polls and rescue this
capital from the long dominion of copperheads
and a slave oligarchy. How long since statutes
of the States were black with cruel legislation,
expelling these colored men from the States,
and subjecting them, for small or no offenses, to
the penitentiary, jail, and the whippmg-post?
In my message of I860 to the Legislature of
Illinois, I called upon it to sweep them Irom
the statute-book, with a swift, resistless hand,
and they did it, leaving not a section to mar and
darken the face of the revised statutes of that
greatState. You remember, that when in 1862,
Mr. Lincoln issued that conditional proclama-
tion of emancipation, the Democratic party
rallied and carried almost every State. But we
did not give up ; defeat did not hurt. Like
the bombardment of Fort Sumter, it roused the
nation, and we gloriously triumphed in the re-
election ot Mr. Lincoln. And now, through
all these defeats and triumphs we reach the
final great consummation, the complexion to
which it must come at last, the sutnmiug up of
the whole matter, the simple freedom and
