1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3901
PUBLIC EXPENDITURES.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senate to take
up the joint resolution (S. R. No. 72) for the j
relief of John M. Broome a d others, the
band of the twelfth Kentucky infantry.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to take it up at, this time.
Mr. PO.MEROY. Are resolutions in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They are,
if we can get at them.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Indi-
ana [Mr. Hendricks] some time ago offered
a resolution of inquiry in the morning hour
which was passed. Subsequently 1 moved a
reconsideration with a view of amending it.
I now desire to have the motion acted upon,
and then to offer an amendment to the resolu-
tion and let it be passed. I suppose it is in
order to do that now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
■will .put the question on the motion to recon-
sider.
The motion was agreed to; and the ques-
tion recA-red on the passage of the following
resolution :
Resolvetl, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to inform the Senate what have been the
monthly expenditures and theaverage expenditures
per month of the War, Navy, and Interior Depart-
ments since the 1st day of July, 1865; and also the
monthly expenditures of each bureau of said De-
partments during the present fiscal year.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution is now open to amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer the following
amendment 
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose it is not pro-
posed to consider it now.
Mr. POMEROY. If it takes any time I do
not wish to urge it.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope it will lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot
be considered, objection being made. Reports
from committees are still in order.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand the
Chair. Does the Chair rule that it is not in
order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not in
order because it is objected to, and the morning
business has not been gone through with.
Mr. POMEROY. This is morning business,
and resolutions are now in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution has been reconsidered, and now you pro-
pose to put it on its passage, and I suppose that
does not come within the rule. It must wait
until the morning business is disposed of if
objection is made.
Mr. POMEROY. Is there any objection?
Mr. HENDRICKS. It will be discussed.
Mr. CONNESS. I think it had better be laid
over until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
is made, and the resolution will lie over.
bills introduced.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
608) to incorporate the United States Postal
Telegraph Company and to establish a postal
telegraph system ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 158) to extend the act
establishing the Court of Claims to the claims
arising under the act of the 2d of March, 1861,
providing for the payment of the expenses of
the Washington and Oregon Indian war of
18-55-56; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 610) in relation to corporations created by
laws of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
reservations in san francisco bay.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I submit the following
resolution, and ask for its present considera-
tion :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he requested
to furnish the Senate with a description of the Pre-
sidio military reservation, including Black Point,
lying upon the Bay of San Francisco; accompanied
by a diagram showing the external boundaries, the
area, and the portions of said reservation actually
occupied by the United States.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to suggest that
these are two several reservations, and the
language ought to be changed a little if the
information is wanted as to both.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire a description
of all the military reservations lying between
San Francisco and the ocean, both of the
Presidio and of the Black Point reservation.
Mr. CONNESS. They are separate reserv-
ations.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I say "including Black
Point."
Mr. CONNESS. Very well.
Mr. COLE. I suppose they are really all
occupied by the military authorities as reser-
vations and reserved for military purposes. I
do not know the object of the resolution. I
have no special objection to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I simply wish to say that
there are questions pending before the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims that render it
necessary for that committee to have this in-
formation. I understand that there is a large
tract of land reserved there by the United
States, exceeding fourteen hundred acres, and
I desire to know exactly the external bound-
aries of the reservations and these portions
that are actually occupied. There are cer-
tain portions of the reservations that are not
actually occupipd by the United States for any
purpose. 1 simply wish that information to
enable the Committee on Private Land Claims
to transact its business and to investigate
claims that are pending before the committee.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator from Oregon
be so good as to state what claims there are
before the committee on which this informa-
tion is desired ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. There may be business'"
before the Committee on Private Land Claims
of which the honorable Senator is ignorant.
I have no objection to stating the business.
One case is an application on the part of Mrs.
Jessie Fremont for indemnification for prop-
erty that was taken, as she claims, by the mil-
itary authorities in violation of her rights ; and
this information is desired for the purpose of
enabling the committee to consider that claim.
Mr. CONNESS. There can be no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. COLE. As it is an application for
information, I do not suppose there can be
any objection.
The resolution was agreed to.
internal taxes.
Mr. YATES. I happened to be absent yes-
terday in my eommittee-room when the final
vote was taken on the tax bill. I simply desire
to say that if I had been present I should have
voted for the bill.
bill recommitted.
On motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 215) relative to the
Louisville Bridge Company, was taken from
the table and recommitted to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
printing of a document.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate the day before yester-
day rejected a resolution to print a report from
the Quartermaster General of the Army. I
desire to have it reconsidered with a view of
recommitting it to the Committee on Printing.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I now move to recommit
it to the Committee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
rights of citizens abroad.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the bill (Et.
R. No. 768) concerning the rights of American
citizens in foreign States be made the special
order for Monday nest at one o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
that lie over until the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations comes in. I pre-
sume he will be here in a short time.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say that tlie
honorable chairman has already suggested that
he would be ready for its consideration at the
beginning of the week, and it is in accordance
with that suggestion that I make this motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it would be no
more than right to let it lie until he comes in.
Mr. CONNESS. To let it lie until he comes
in is simply to let it lie for another day. I
ask a vote on my motion. There can be no
objection to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to have an
understanding with the Senator from Califor-
nia, that it shall not be antagonized to the
funding bill which is now the special order,
and on which I hope to get a vote to-day or
to-morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. I agree with the Senator
that that bill must have precedence.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the only thing I
have charge of, aud with that understanding I
have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on making the bill mentioned by the
Senator from California the special order for
Monday next at one o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hoj)e not; I only
ask the Senator to wait until the* chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations is
present.
Mr. CONNESS. I make a full answer to
that. It appears to me that the Senator oug'ht
to accept my answer. The whole Senate will
bear witness to the motion I made a few days
since, and at the suggestion of the Senator
from Massachusetts 1 withdrew the motion
that I then made. The suggestion was that
he would be ready in the beginning of the
week for that bill. I now make this motion
in accordance with that suggestion, which I
know will be acceptable to him.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not wish to object
to the bill being considered; I want to con-
sider it, but there are bills to protect American
citi'.ens at home that should be considered. I
am quite as anxious to protect American citi-
zens at home as I am to protect American
citizens abroad, and I should not like to sac-
rifice the interests of American citizens at
home to those abroad. I am ready to con-
sider that bill at any time the Senator can get
it up.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator is
a little at fault in what he says. American
citizens at home are not in jeopardy as citizens
abroad are.
Mr. POMEROY. Some of them are very
much so.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for a vote on my
motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the bill will not
be made a special order under the circum-
stances.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on making the bill a special order for
Monday next at one o'clock.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, 1 hope the bill
will be made a special order for Monday. I
know of no reason why it should not.
Mr. CONNESS. There is not any reason
at all.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 8 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Catteli, Cole,
Conness, Davis. Drake, Harlan, Hendricks, Howard,
MoUrecry, Morgan. Morton, Nye, Ramsey, Ross,
Stewart, Thayer, Wade, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Fowler, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Trumbull,
and Vickers—8,
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Chandler, Conkling,
Corbett., Oragin, Dixon, Doolittle, Ferry, Freling-
huyseu, Grimes, Henderson, Howe, McDonald, Mor-
rill of Maine, Norton, Osborn, Patterson of Hew
