470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 13, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Grat, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of D.
"W. SymmeSj praying to be allowed arrearages
of pay due him for labor performed in the navy-
yard at Charlestown, Massachusetts; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of Elizabeth
Barker, for pension from July, 1S62, to Oc-
tober, 1867, forfeited by non-compliance with
the act of July 4, 1864, which non-compliance
was not caused by her own neglect; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of Sylvester
Nugent, of Lynn, Massachusetts, praying for I
pension forfeited under the act of J aly 4,1864,
for neglect which did not arise from his own
fault; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented a petition of Mary Scott
E. Webster, of Massachusetts, praying for pen-
sion forfeited by non-compliance with the act
of July 4, 1864, which did not arise from her
own neglect; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. COLE presented the protest and reso-
lutions of citizens and settlers on public lands
in California, against legislation touching
townships six and seven, range one west
Mount Diable meridian; which were referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of S.
N. Goodale, of Chicago, praying the adop-
tion of a plan for the civilization of the In-
dians by introducing hand-looms among them;
which was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a petition of
of owners, masters, pilots,and engineers of
steamboats at Evansville, Indiana, praying
the amendment of the steamboat inspection
law so as to provide for a local board of
inspectors for boilers and hulls at that port;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. THAYER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Nebraska, praying the establishment
of a mail route between Bartlett, Iowa, and
Lincoln City, Nebraska; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Emily
Hooe, widow of Brevet Major Alexander T.
Hooe, fifth United States infantry, praying for
an increase of pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of Bre-
vet Major General Robert Anderson, United
States Army, trustee of Eliza B. Anderson,
praying for compensation for loss of property
m Florida during the war of 1835 and 1836;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. YATES presented the memorial of John
H. Finlay, late a private in company G second
Illinois cavalry, praying for the passage of a
special act granting him a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, it was
Ordered, That the papers connected with the claim
Of 0. N. Cutler, for property taken for the use of the
Army at Lake Providence, be withdrawn from the
files of the Senate and ref#rred to the Committee on
Claims.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of the New
York and Virginia Steamship Company, pray-
ing to be reimbursed for the loss of the steam-
ships Yorktown and Jamestown, seized and
destroyed by the rebels in April, 1861, submit-
ted an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Comnjittee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 201) declaratory
of the law in regard to officers cashiered or
dismissed from the Army by the sentence of
a general court-martial, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 186) providing for
' the sale of the lands, tenements, and water
privileges belonging to the United States at
and near Harper's Ferry, in the county of Jef-
ferson, West Virginia, reported it with an
amendment.
i He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 12)
directing the Secretary of War to furnish cer-
tain muster-rolls to different States, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 16) donating a
portion of the Fort Leavenworth military res-
, ervation for the exclusive use of a public road,
reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 26) authorizing
and directing the sale of the property of the
United States at Harper's Ferry, West Vir-
ginia, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
; Mr. WILSON. I am also directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
! to whom were referred the bill (S. No. 231)
for the relief of John Templeton ; the bill (S.
No. 214) to authorize the Secretary of War to
| settle the claims of the State of Kansas for
services of the militia called out by the Gov-
ernor of that State upon the requisition of
Major General Curtis, the commander of the
United States forces in that State, to repel the
invasion of General Price ; apetitionof Jerome
Getty, of Stears county, Minnesota, asking to
be paid for certain property destroyed by Uni-
ted States troops in that State in the winter
of 1864 and 1865 ; a memorial and joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of Nebraska, for the
relief of John S. Lemon, late first lieutenant
fifth Iowa cavalry; and & petition of Henry
Koehn, of Ormsby county, Nevada, praying
an appropriation of $3,456 for damages to his
property, &c., and for losses sustained by him
in the occupation of his premises by United
States troops in 1864 and 1865, to ask to be
discharged from their further consideration,
and to move that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there is objection
to some of those cases going to the Committee
on Claims. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs have had under consideration the same
question as is raised by the consideration of
Senate bill 214, so far as it relates to the State
of Kansas, and the Senate has twice passed
that identical bill, but it failed in the other
House during the last days of the session. It
is precisely in the language of the bill which
we passed for the benefit of the State of Mis-
souri, and nearly in the language of the bill
for the benefit of the State-of Indiana. The
Committee on Military Affairs reported all
those bills, and they were passed by both
Houses, except the bill for the relief of Kan-
sas, which failed during the last days of the
session in the other House. I cannot now see
the reason why the Committee on Military Af-
fairs should fail to report that bill again. This
being a new session we were obliged to intro-
duce it again, and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I object to its
going to the Committee on Claims, and hope
it will be acted on by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs were Very anxious to get rid of all these
matters relating to claims, and let the com-
mittee which has such subjects under consid-
eration take the care of them ; but if the Sen-
ator objects to this bill going before the Com-
mittee on Claims the JSenate can vote down
my motion so far as it is concerned, and let it
go back to the Committee on Military Affairs.
■ Mr. POMEROY. I ask to have the bill
relating to the State of Kansas recommitted
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOWE. It is very evident that where
the Committee on Military Affairs have had
jurisdiction of a particular subject, and have
settled a rule of action, that committee should
go through with that class of cases, and not stop
now when their work is half done and transfer
them to another committee unacquainted with
their rules and their system of adjudication. I
hope the motion of the Senator from Kansas
will be agreed to, and that the case to which he
refers will go back to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question is on discharging the Committee on
Military Affairs from the consideration of the
various papers now reported back.
Mr. GRIMES. The way to reach the object
of the Senator from Kansas is by a division of
the question. He can ask for a division so as
to have a separate vote on the particular bill
referred to by him.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask, then, to have the
bill relative to the State of Kansas excepted
from the other cases to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, the other bills and papers reported
back by the Senator from Massachusetts will
be referred to the Committee on Claims. The
Chair hears no objection to that course. The
question now recurs as to Senate bill No. 214.
Mr. POMEROY. Now I ask to have that
bill recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the report so far
as that particular bill is concerned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then there
is nothing before the Senate.
RULES FOR IMPEACHMENT.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Betolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary bo
instructed to inquire into tho expediency of provid-
ing by law, or by rule of the Senate, or both, rules
and regulations for procedure in the trial of impcach -
ment, and for the suspension of the officer under
impeachment pending his trial, if, in the judgmont
of the Senate, the public safety shall require it, and
for securing the prompt enforcement of the orders
and judgments of the Senate in such cases.
POSTAL TREATIES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire whether tho
recent postal treaties with foreign Governments do
not grant privileges to the citizens of such Govern-
ments not granted by law to our own people, and
also whether the provisions of said treaties do not
differ or conflict with the rovenue laws as to tho
importation of printed matter, and to report what
action thereon may be necessary.
DECISION OF CONSTITUTIONAL QUESTIONS.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the courtesy of the
Senate to take up a resolution which I offered
some time since declaring that the Constitution
should be amended so as to establish a tribu-
nal for the decision of constitutional questions.
I propose that it be taken up, and then I wish
to say something in its support and have it
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
If the Senate will consent to take it up, I will
consent that it shall be passed over informally
to allow the morning business to be trans-
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow us to get through the presenting of
papers.
Mr. DAVIS. If this resolution is taken up
I will not object to its being passed over
informally to enable all the morning business
to be disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to interfere
with the Senator at all, but I should like to
offer a resolution on which I wish the action
of the Senate to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky is in order,
to postpone all other business for the purpose
of takiDg up the resolution referred to by him.
Mr. DAVIS. If my motion is agreed to I
