1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
a proposition as the one I have offered will be
adopted by this House.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] a question.
He says that his investigations have shown him
that duplicate bonds have been issued. I desire
I": ask him to what extent do his investigations
(••sow that duplicate bonds have been issued?
Mr. RANDALL. These duplicates of the
same number were discovered in the destruc-
tion of United States bonds to the amount, I
think, of $10,000.
Mr. VAN WYCK obtained the floor.
Mr. IvELLEY. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Van Wyck] to yield to me a
moment for a single remark upon the fact now
under discussion, that different bonds with the
same number upon them have been returned
to the Department.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Very well; I will yield
to the gentleman.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, as this ques-
tion has been started, it seems to me some light
might well be thrown upon it, and light calcu-
lated to relieve any public anxiety which may
have been created. From time to time there
have come in bonds bearing the numbers of
others previously redeemed. For a long time
it was the custom of the Department to de-
stroy the bonds as redeemed, making a note
of them. It was found that duplicates came
in so frequently that the gentlemen charged
with the business of keeping the record became
alarmed lest at some time their integrity might
be doubted, and insisted that the bonds re-
deemed should be preserved, not destroyed
as theretofore. The redeemed bonds are now
filed away, and when a duplicate comes in the
bond of the same number previously redeemed
is produced.
The query is, how is the existence of these
duplicates accounted for ? Iam told that when
such a case happens one of the gentlemen con-
nected with the Department is called, who sug-
gests that the second bond has been erro-
neously numbered and indicates the number
which it ought to bear. I am told that in this
way some bonds, having been ascertained not
to bear the number assigned from the fact of
the original of that particular number coming
in, are marked with another number, and thus
bear evidence that they have been duplicated
not only once but several times. In other
words, they represent the duplication of sev-
eral bonds. 1 think the committee charged
with the investigation of this subject might well
turn their attention to that particular point.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I now yield for a few
minutes to my colleague on the committeo, the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Halsey.]
Mr. HALSEY. Mr. Speaker, I think that
if the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Randall,] who has made the motion to recom-
mit the report, will reconsider the matter, he
will withdiaw the motion. I will send to the
Clerk's table to be read the resolution under
which the committee are acting, and also the
order of the committee assigning certain sub-
jects to a sub-committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representatives,
That the joint Committee on Retrenchment be. and
are hereby, instructed to make a careful and minute
examination of the method adopted by the Treasury
Department to print the bonds, notes, and securities
of the UnitedStates, what guards have been adopted
to prevent fraud or mistake, and what additional
guards, if any, ought to be adopted to prevent fraud
or mistake; whether there has been any fraudulent
or erroneous issue of bonds, notes, or coupons, and,
if so, by whose fault or negligence, and the proper
remedy and prevention thereof; and especially to
examine the official conduct of those charged with
the printing, registration, and issuing of any notes,
bonds, or securities of the United States; and that
said committee have power to sit during the recess
of Cor gress, to send for persons and papers, to ex-
amine the same, and to take testimony, and report
at the next session of Oongi ess.
OrderedThat so much of the inquiries referred to
this committee as relates to the security of the public
moneys and the methods of accountability with
regard thereto, and to the Printing Bureau of the
lreasury Department, be committed to a sub-com-
mittee consisting of Senators Eduuxds and Bucka-
lew and Representative IIalsey,
Mr. HALSEY. Mr. Speaker, by what has
just been read, the House will observe that a sub-
committee was charged with the investigation
of "the security of the public moneys and the
methods of accountability with regard thereto,
and the Printing Bureau of the Treasury De-
partment." That sub-committee commenced
their investigations in the city of New Y'ork last
October. We commenced with the war issues
of Treasury notes and bonds, beginning with
the early part of 1861, under Mr. Secretary
Chase. We examined the officers and employes
of every bank note company in New York that
had done Government work as to their system
of printing, the checks adopted to prevent
fraud, and also as to the quantities and denom-
inations printed for and delivered to the Gov-
ernment. The sub-committee then came to
Washington and required the Secretary of the
Treasury and his employes to furnish state-
ments of the quantities and denominations
received from these New York companies, and
to account for every bond which had been put
in their possession.
We have been pursuing that investigation
from that time to the present; and have been
examining, also, into the printing done by Mr.
Clark in the division of which he has charge.
We have made an inquiry as to every item and
the value of every piece of paper which he has
delivered to the Secretary of the Treasury. We
have required the various officers to account
for every piece of palter they have received,
whether complete or not, whether perfectly
printed or incomplete. We have pursued our
investigations until now we are just about
ready to examine the methods and checks
adopted in the Printing Bureau of the Treas-
ury Department, so that we may ascertain
whether additional guards are necessary. I
think, sir, that covers all the ground desired by
• the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. RANDALL. There is nothing what-
ever in what the gentleman has stated which
militates against the adoption of the resolution
I have offered. I have no doubt the committee
will be assiduous.
Mr. HALSEY. The sub-committee re-
ferred to by me has been specially charged with
the investigation of this subject. It seem to
me, therefore, when this report is disposed of,
the subject should be left in charge of that
committee. They have been investigating the
entire matter and have been carefully attend-
ing to their duty ; they have taken much testi-
mony and procured a great fund of informa-
tion, which will appear in the final report.
Now, as the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] has referred to the manner of
this printing, I desire to say here, so far as we
have gone, we have found nothing which need
startle the House or the country. I do not
stand here to defend the Treasury Department
or Mr. Clark or any one else. We are not a
whitewashing committee. We mean to get at
the facts as far as we can, and to report to the
House the truth in reference to all these
matters.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I should
like to know when the morning hour begins.
The SPEAKER. It will not commencc
until this is disposed of.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I think
we should pass over this business and go at
once to the morning hour.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I object to that.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Would
it not do just as well to consider this matter
to-morrow?
Mr. VAN WYCK. I presume that to-mor-
row will be a dies non.
The SPEAKER. To-morrow will be pri-
vate bill day.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I do not propose to
occupy the hour to which I am entitled.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey is upon the floor.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I wish
to say i^hile I am up that I intend to call the
previous question on the admission of Ala-
bama at half past four o'clock to-day.
Mr. WOOD. Will not the morning hour
commence after this pending subject is dis-
posed of?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. WOOD. Then this Alabama bill can-
not come up until after the morning hour.
Mr. BOYER. I cannot be taken off the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
floor on the Alabama bill, and cannot be taken
off of it.
Mr. HALSEY. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
make a statement which may relieve the minds
of gentlemen 011 this subject. The act of Feb-
ruary 25, 1802, and its supplements, provided
for the issue of §514,000,000 of five-twenties.
Up to December, 1867, the Treasury Depart-
ment had paid of duplicate coupons eighteen
of $100, thirty-two of $500, and twenty-four
of $1,000 bonds. In all that issue of five-twenty
bonds that is the total amount of duplicate
coupons.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
the total?
Mr. HALSEY. The total amount paid on
duplicate coupons of those five-twenty bonds
is $1,254. Now, during that same period of
time, of coupons that were never presented
or paid, there were thirty-five of $50 bonds,
seventy-seven of $100, twenty-five of $500,
and eighty-five of$l,000. In other words, those
bonds have had no interest paid on them.
Among the duplicate coupons it is evident that
the numbers in some instances have been
changed. Figures have been added at one
end or the other of the regular number. The
fact is, that some of those said to be duplicate
bonds are not really so, but have been altered,
and properly belong to the numbers which are
marked as having never been presented. When
bonds are stolen their numbers are advertised,
and, to prevent detection, the thieves change
the numbers, as a three to an eight, a nine to
a cipher, &c. It thus, apparently, appears
that the Department has paid duplicate cou-
pons when in point of fact it has done no such
thing.
I now desire to refer to a remark made by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] yes-
terday. He asked if the committee were aware
of the fact that the Treasury Department
had redeemed $70,000 counterfeit seven-thirty
notes. I did not answer him then because the
chairman of the committee put it olf. Sir, not
only are the committee aware of it, but the
country is aware of it. It was published in all
the papers. And here let me state that the
Treasury Department proper—tliatis at Wash-
ington—never redeemed those counterfeits ;
they were redeemed by Mr. Van Dyck, Assist-
ant Treasurer at New York, who had five-
twenty bonds in his possession for the purpose
of conversion of the seven-thirties into live-
twenties. These counterfeits were presented
to him and he gave five-twenties for them.
They were serjt to Washington, and on their
entering the loan branch of the Secretary's
office the fraud was detected, because on look-
ing at the numerical registers giving the num-
bers of the notes issued these numbers were
found to be duplicates, corresponding genuine
numbers having been redeemed before. The
sub-committee which has been engaged in the
investigation has not overlooked any of these
points, and will in due t;me present a report
which will cover the whole ground, and I have
no doubt it will give the truth, and the whole
truth, no matter whom it may affect.
Mr. VAN WYCK resumed the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to call the at-
tention of the gentleman to a single point. It
appears that the Secretary of the Treasury or-
dered the destruction of this blank paper, six
thousand five hundred and three sheets, but it
does not appear what necessity there was for
its destruction. I presume it is susceptible of
explanation.
Mr, VAN WYCK. Mr. Speaker, debate
has traveled very widely, and I propose in as
brief and plain a manner as I can to explain
the facts which have been ascertained by the
committee in regard to the subject referred to
