354
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
[June 3,
Ho. of Reps.
Contested Election—Mr. Delano.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
eqnality of all men, the enfranchisement of all
men made in the image of God, to a perfect
and universal eqnality of rights.
And, sir, do you suppose^ we will falter
before taking this last step. The true-hearted
Republican is never deterred by election re-
turns. He expects some defeats. He expects
lo triumph amid the storms of defeat, as well
as in the sunshine of victory. I hail it, not as
a defeat, but as a glorious harbinger of victory,
that, notwithstanding the timidity of politicians
in Ohio, two hundred and sixteen thousand
freemen dashed away their prejudices, and
voted for suffrage ; not as a defeat, but as the
herald, the Jolin the Baptist, the " prepare-ye-
tlie-way" of speedy, glorious, and final victory.
The shortest way to reconstruction is the
simplest, the plainest, the easiest; and the only
way is the straightforward road to the impartial
and" equal rights of all men.
I believe in a special providence in the affairs
of men as well as of nations. I believe, coloni-
zation, emigration, and the march of empire
having completed the circle of the globe, that
upon this North American continent, between
the Atlantic and the Pacific, is to be " Time's
noblest empire—the last/' I believe that this
is the chosen nation of Heaven, where the
experiment of the self-government of man is
to be made. I believe that light from Heaven
blazed along the pathway of the Mayflower, and
guided our fathers through the storms of revo-
lutionary preparation to the Declaration of
Independence. I believe that God meant that
we should highly appreciate our privileges by
making tliem cost dearly; I believe that Ho
gave us slavery, with all of its accursed ugliness
and deformity, as the appalling contrast to the
beauties and blessings of liberty. I believe
that He thrust across our path the Ethiopian,
that we might learn that all men, without
regard to color or the accident of birth, are
brothers, and that of one blood are all the peo-
ple that dwell upon the face of the earth. I
believe He gave us Lincoln as He had given us
Washington—Lincoln so good, so grand, and
so great—as an example for statesmanship,
and that from his martyrdom should spring the
seed of the church, the gospel of liberty, and
human rights.
And, in a word, that in all these providences,
sad experiences, fearful wars, prejudices of
caste, virtues, and wickedness of rulers, " God
moves in a mysterious way His wonders to per-
orm," and is leading us through the red sea of
trouble and the wilderness, to a bright Canaan
of national deliverance. Having solved the
problem of the ages, the equality and brother-
hood of the race of man, and vindicated his
eternal justice, this nation will move forward
in the van of material progress and Christian
civilization, and scale height after height of
power, glory, and grandeur, such as no people
in the world has ever yet achieved.
Mr. President, T have not gone one solitary
step further than I thought it was necessary for
me to go for the best interests of my country.
I do not antagonize the Republican platform.
I jeave the question of suffrage where the Con-
stitution leaves it, with the States in the first
instance, hat I reserve the power to the Con-
gress of the United States, contained in the
Constitution of the United States, by laws
necessary and proper, to see that every State
has a republican form of government.
Contested Ejection.
SPEECH OF HON. COLUMBUS DELANO,
op ouioj
Ix the House op Representatives,
June 3, 18G8,
On tho contostcd-cleetion case cf Delano vs. Mor-
k;ui, fiotn the thirteenth consressLon.il district of
Ohio.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, before pro
ceeding to discuss the question on which the
decision of this case rests, I will briefly refer i
to the circumstances which led to the con-
test. I can do so with greater propriety since
the sitting member has spoken, because, in
his remarks, he has not answered the con-
clusions of the Committee of Elections, nor
has he confined his remarks to the questions
made by the majority and minority reports.
On the contrary, he has indulged himself
in such obseivations as seem to me more
appropriate from the hustings than on the
floor of this House. If his observations were
intended as a campaign speech to be used
on some future occasion, and not appropriate
here, then I may say I think his object has
been attained. But in that event, at the proper
time, I shall be willing to accommodate the
gentleman.
Briefly, then, the circumstances which led
to this contest are as follows: the canvass for
the seat now contested was very ardent on
both sides, and the result before the election
was regarded as uncertain by all who were
intelligent and candid. The returns at first
received indicated clearly the election of the
contestant. This soon became so highly prob-
able that the sitting member retired, admitting
his defeat by 400 majority.
Afterward this impression was removed by
returns from remote townships, partly in Co-
shocton county, which changed the result;
and almost simultaneously with these returns
contestant was informed that frauds upon the
ballot-box had been perpetrated and detected.
As it was then well known that a large number
of deserters had voted for the sitting member it
was demanded by the political friends of the
contestant that these alleged frauds should be
at once investigated. This examination was
made, and it was ascertained that in three
townships in Coshocton county, (giving the sit-
ting member an aggregate majority of 159
votes) there had been practiced by the polit-
ical friends of the sitting member gross and
palpable frauds. This was done by judges and
clerks of the elections who were corrupt enough
to take out of the ballot-box Republican tick-
ets, and replace them with Democratic tickets,
making each change equal to two votes.
In one township in Coshocton county (Jeffer-
son) one of the judges was three times de-
tected in making such change by those who
were in the room while the ballots were being
counted. He was then accused of his crime ;
and being exposed probably did not repeat it.
In two other townships this species of fraud
was so clearly proved by the evidence that the
sitting member could not deny it; and the
minority and majority reports each concur in
its existence, and correct it as far as possible
by striking from sitting member's majority 4G
votes in Linton, and 20 in Monroe township,
in Coshocton county.
It is not probable that all the frauds of this
character were discovered; but enough has
been proved to induce a fair and reasonable
presumption that there was a systematic plan
among certain political friends of the sitting
member to pollute the ballot-box, in the man-
ner already indicated, whenever an officer
could be found venal enough for such a job.
hi one instance the fraud was probably com-
mitted by a clerk; in another, by the judge
who took the ballots from the box while count-
ing, and in others the presumption is very
strong that the entire board of officeis par-
ticipated in the crime. Having shut them-
selves up during the reception and while
counting the votes, they refused to permit
anyone to be present to observe their con-
duct.
But the fraud did not stop here. It was
ascertained that aliens had been taken from
Knox to Licking coumy to be fraudulently
naturalized, and upon investigation it was
proved that both forgery and perjury had been
pructiccd by certain friends of the sitting mem-
ber in order to obtain fraudulent final certifi-
cates of naturalization.
Nor did the discovery of fraud end even here.
It was ascertained, and is in proof, and the
proof is uncontradicted, that a car load of
non-residents (some sixty in number) were
imported into the district by friends of the
sitting member on the night preceding the
election. These non-residents were distributed
in squads, of from five to ten in number at
each railroad station, where the train stopped
in passing through the district.. They were
heard to say that they were going into the thir-
teenth district to vote for the sitting member,
because they could do no good by voting in
Mr. Bingham's district; and they were in
charge of a special manager, who was inquired
of as to what he was doing, and who replied
that 11 they had been fixing vp things to beat
Delano, and would beat him whether or no.'''
All this and much more is proved by Mr.
Krumbaker, a respectable merchant of Zanes-
vilie, who happened to be a passenger on the
train that evening, and whose character is well
established and above reproach. No attempt
was made to contradict or impair the evidence
of Krumbaker on this subject.
It was under circumstances thus briefly
referred to that contestant felt himself com-
pelled, in deference to the feelings and
wishes of liis constituents, to undertake this
contest.
It is due, however, to truth and justice, to
say that contestant was so reluctant to enter
into the contest after all these frauds were
exposed, and when he knew that besides these
frauds more than two hundred deserters had
voted for the sitting member, that he applied
to the central committees of the several coun-
ties to be relieved from undertaking it. But
these committees in all the counties except the
one in which contestant resides refused to
assent to an abandonment of the contest, and
urged its prosecution with such vigor and
decision as to compel contestant to proceed
with it.
Having made this reference to the circum-
stances which led to the contest, I will at
once, Mr. Speaker, consider the question on
which this contest rests as the case is now
presented by the report of thecommittee. By
reference to the reportsof the majority as well
as the minority of the Committee of Elections,
it will appear that after reducing the official
majority of the sitting member by deducting
the fraudulent votes in the townships of Linton
and Monroe, in Coshocton county, he must be
declared not entitled to the seat, provided the
House shall decide that deserters are not qual-
ified electors in Ohio.
Tlius we see that the first question to be
determined is this: " Are deserters from the
military and naval service of the United States
entitled to vote in Ohiof
Before considering this question, however,
we must inquire whether persons drafted in
1SG'2, who failed to report, are deserters.
Those drafted in 18GI, who failed to report, are
deserters by express provision of law. The
drait oi 1802 was under a different enactment,
and the law and circumstance governing this
draft must first be considered.
First, then, 1 allirm that those persons who
failed to respond to the draft of 1802 are de-
serters.
The draff of 18C>2 was made by authority of
an act of Congress, approved July 2!). 18G1,
entitled ''An act to provide for the suppres-
sion oi the rebellion," &c., the first section
of which provides—
"That whenever, by reason of unlawful obstruc-
tiuni-, combinations, or a^euiblaeres oi porsffiif, or
! ,'Of 3Jion n\-in Uieiiuthoi ity of theGm ernmeur ot
the uniied States, itsh.ii] beeome itnpr,iotie.ibk\ m
tue.iudinnent of the President of the United States,
to enioree by the oidmaty comae of judk'i.il pro-
e.'ednms the law* ot the United States «ithin -usy
bt.itc or '-territory of the Unite,! States. it shall be
1'iwjuf /or the I '/ evident of the Cai/e't States to etill Jo/th
the i.ulitio o/ oi nil the States of the Unhtn, an-l to
etuploy mdi part* of Ot.: land ami naval force* of the
1'itjlrd State* ay he may deem necentaru to enforce the
faithful execution of the laws of the United States, or to
