1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
471
shall not object to any gentleman offering any
resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the resolution be read.
The Secretary read the resolution submitted
by Mr. Davis on the 16th of December last,
as follows:
Resolved, That the Constitution should be so
amended as to crcato a tribunal with jurisdiction to
dccide nil questions of constitutional power that
shall arise in the Government of tho United States
and all questions of conflict of jurisdiction between
it and the State governments; said tribunal to con-
sist of one member from each State, to bo appointed
by the State, to hold his office during good behavior,
and a majority of the whole number of said tribunal
to be necessary to make a decision.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the resolution just read.
Mr. MORTON. I trust the Senator from
Kentucky will be willing to waive that long
enough to enable us to take up the bill prohibit-
ing the further contraction of the currency and
have a vote upon it. It is important to dispose
of that bill, and I think it can be done very
shortly if the chairman of the Committee on
Finance will call it up now.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will hear me a
word, I propose to take up this resolution and
to pass it by informally until all the morning
business is disposed of, and then to say some-
thing in its support and move its reference to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORTON. Does the Senator propose
to address the Senate now ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes. sir; I wish to do so. It
will not take a great while. I propose to have
it disposed of in that way.
Mr. CONNESS. Resolutions have not been
admitted yet this morning, and I understand
the Senator from Kentucky now to agree that
a certain bill may be taken up for considera-
tion, thus excluding the consideration of reso-
lutions this morning. I must object to that,
for one.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator mis-
takes me somewhat. Several resolutions have
been presented, considered, and adopted. I
simply propose that this resolution be taken up
and then passed over informally to allow any
and all the morning business to be presented,
and when the morning business is through then
for my resolution to be in order and to make
some remarks upon it.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to that.
The motion of Mr. Davis was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
matter already before the Senate. The resolu-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky has been
taken up, and it requires the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate now to lay it aside and to
take up anything else.
Mr. DAVIS. I stated that I was willing that
my resolution on being taken up shonld be laid
aside informally, to be called up again when the
morning business shall have been gone through
with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
laid aside informally for that purpose, if there
be no objection. None being made, it is so
laid aside.
public lands in nebraska.
Mr. THAYER submitted the following res-
olution ; ahich was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Retained, Tb^t the Committee on Public Lands be
instructed to inquire if any further legislation is
necessary to cause to be restored to market, for home-
steads and actual settlements, the pubKe lands in the
State of Nebraska along the line of the Union Pacifio
railway, which have been withdrawn from market
in accordance with the views of the Secretary of the
Interior in his last annual report.
mr. burlingame, minister to china.
Mr. CONNESS. I offerthe following reso-
lution, and ask for its immediate considera-
tion :
Resolved, That the Secretary of Stats be, and it
hereby, requested to report to the Senate such in-
formation, if there be any, in the State Department,
as relates to the appointment of the American min-
ister at Pekin, Hon. Anson Burlingame, to a diplo-
matic or other mission in behalf of the Chinese Gov-
ernment, and if such appointment has been made,
whether the same has been accepted.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest to the
Senator from California that the resolution
departs from the usage of the Senate. I do
not know whether it is important to follow that
usage or not; but all such inquiries have been
addressed directly to the President, and of
course have been referred to his discretion.
The usual form has been " that the President
of the United States be requested to commu-
nicate such information, if in his opinion not
inconsistent with the public interest."
Mr. CONNESS. I knew that the Senate
called on the heads of Departments ; but if the
usage be as stated by the Senator when calling
on the State Department I have no objection
to a change of language.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have stated the usage
with reference to calls connected with any
question concerning our foreign relations.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I ask the Secretary
to make the necessary change in the verbiage,
and I wish to say that I desire the present con-
sideration of the resolution for reasons that
are of consequence. I desire to get the inform-
ation officially.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not care anything about
this matter, but I do not want it understood
that there is any such rule as that the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts lays down.
Mr. SUMNER. I said " usage."
Mr. GRIMES. &ut it establishes a prece-
dent.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand all Depart-
ments of the Government are called on for in-
formation.
Mr. GRIMES. My understanding of the
usage from the foundation of the Government
to this day is that where you call on the chief
of a Department to respond to any inquiry you
direct him to do it; where you call upon the
chief of the nation you request him to do it,
and where you call upon either of them for any
information that relates to negotiations with
foreign countries you there put in the saving
clause "if not incompatible with the public
interest." Now, the information which the
Senator from California asks from the head of
the State Department does not relate to diplo-
matic correspoadence with other nations, but
simply as to whether one of our own officers, a
minister accredited by this Government to the
imperial Government of China, has also ac-
cepted an office from that Government and is
on his way to perform the duties of that office
in another foreign country. The resolution Of
the Senator from California is manifestly right
in requiring the Secretary of State to furnish
this information.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be read as modified.
The Secretary. The resolution as modi-
fied is:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State bo, and he is
hereby, requested, if not incompatible with the pub-
lic interest 
Mr. CONNESS. No; I did not ask that
that be incorporated at all, because it is evi-
dently not inconsistent with the public interest
to furnish this information. Leave that part
of it out.
Mr. WILSON. And strike out'' requested''
and put in "directed."
Mr. CONNESS. Yes; I wish that done.
The Secretary. The resolution as it now
stands is:
Iieaolved, That the Secretary of State be, and is
hereby, directed to report to tho Senate such inform-
ation, if there be any, in the State Department as
relates to the appointment of the American minister
at Pekin, Hon. Anson Burlingame, to a diplomatic
or other mission in behalf of the Chinese Govern-
ment by the emperor of China, and if such appoint-
ment has been made whether the same has been
accepted.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to state to the Senate
that one purpose I have in seeking this inform-
ation is because the place now filled, or lately
filled, if it be vacated, (which I do not think is
the case,) so ably by Mr. Burlingame is sought
by a number of persons; among others by a
citizen of the State of California. I desire to
know first what the facts in the case are,
whether this appointment has been made by
the emperor of China, as stated by the public
press, and as I suppose is the fact, and whether
there is any information in the State Depart-
ment upon that subject. If there be, I desire
that the Senate shall be placed in possession
of it. I wish to say in this connection, how-
ever, that I am the last who would propose to
vacate the place held and filled with so much
profit to the United States and so much dis-
tinction to the minister himself by Mr. Bur-
lingame. My object is to get the information,
intending to predicate some further action after
its attainment. Therefore I ask forthe adoption
of the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall raise no question
on the resolution, either with regard to its
form or its substance. Indeed, I shall be very
glad to have an answer to the resolution,
though I think it would be more according to
the usage of the Senate if it were addressed
directly to the President, who has the super- ■
vision of our foreign relations, and who makes
the appointments of our foreign ministers. I
am sure it would be according to the usage of
the Senate if that form were adopted; but we
should obtain the same answer in the one case
as in the other. I am inclined to think from
what I know that at the present moment there
is no information at the State Department be-
yond that which has already been in the news-
papers, being a brief telegraphic dispatch sent
by Mr. Burlingame by the Kussian telegraph
over Siberia to Petersburg, and from Peters-
burg by the cable to Washington.
Mr. CONNESS. That is information. I
desire simply to obtain that, if it be in the
possession of the State Department, officially,
because I am not prepared to predicate any
action on statements made by the public press
upon subjects of this character. As to the
form of the resolution, I thought I was right
in originally preparing it; but in regard to that
I have no care but that the Senate shall pro-
ceed correctly.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if
deemed compatible with the publio interest, a copy
of any official correspondence on the subject of a
claim under the act of Congress Of the 18th of Aw-
gust, 1856, by any citizen of the United States to the
fuano on Alto Velo, an island in the vici^ty of St.
lomingo.
I would remark that the question raised by
this inquiry is at this moment of practical
interest. I observe that one of the leading
newspapers of Washington has made it the
subject of a very elaborate article, in which
the course of our Government is called in
question. I am desirous, therefore, that we
should obtain all the information which is in
the possession of the Department on the sub-
ject.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
land office report.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the report
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office be
printed for the use of the Senate.
unexpended appropriations.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
resolution; which was consideredbyunanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed t° report to the Senate such_ existing and
unexpended appropriations as may without injury
to the publio service be carried to the surplus fund,
including suoh appropriations as may be prOpaily
postponed to ^future period.
„ "bills introduced.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
