1868."
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
40tii Coxa...,2d Sess.
Contested Election—Mr. Delano.
Ho. op Reps.
uppress such rebellion in whntever State or Territory
thereof the laws of the United States viay be forcibly
opposed, or the execution thereof forcibly obstructed."
The third section is as follows:
' Thnt f he militia so called into the service of the
United States shall be subject to the same rules and
articles of war an thutroopsof the United States, rind be
continued in the service of the United States until
discharged by proclamation of the President: Pro-
vided, Enat such continuance in service shall not
extend bej'ond sixty days after the commencement,
ol the next regular session of Congress, unless Con-
gress shall expressly provide by law therefor: And
provided, further. That the militia so called into the
service ot the United States shall, during their time
of service, be entitled to the same pay, rations, and
allowances for clothing- as are or m>iy be established
bylaw for the Army of the United States."—11. &.
Statutes-at-Large, vol. 12, pp. 281, 282.
Congress afterward, and on the 17th day of
July, 18G2, passed the following enactment:
"Whenever the President of the United States
sdiall call forth the militia of the States, to be em-
ployed in the service of the United States, he may
specify in his call the period for which such service
will be required, not exceeding nine months; and
the tmlitia t>o-c<dlcd shall be mustered in and continue
to serve for and durina the tern) so specified, unless
sooner discharged by command of the Pt esident. If, by
reason of defects in existing laws, or in the execu-
tion of them, in the several States, or any of them, it
shall be found necessary to provide for enrolling the
militia, and otherwise putting this act into exe-
cution, the President is authorized in such cases to
make alt, necessary rules and regulations; and
the enrollment of the militia shall in all cases
include all able-bodied male citizens between the
ages of eighteen and forty-five, and shall be appor-
tioned among the States according to representative
population."—U. S. Statutes, sec. 1, vol. 12, p. 597.
By virtue of these provisions the President
did on the 4th of August, 1862, issue General
Orders, No. 94, by which lie ordered :
"1. That a draft of three hundred thousand militi-x
be immediately called into the servicc of the United
States, to serve for nine months unless sooner dis-
charged. The Secretary of War wdl assign the Quotas
to the States and establish regulations for the
dr vft.'*
" 2. That if any State shall not bp the 15th of August
furnish its quota of the additional three hundred thou-
sand volunteers authorized by law, the deficiency of
volunteers in that State will also be made up by spe-
cial draft from the mditia. The Secretary of War will
establish, regulations for this — Compendium
of General Orders, A. Cr. 0., for 1861-62-63, p. 90.
Afterward on the Oth of August, 1862, the
Secretary of War issued General Orders, No. 99,
which contained the regulations for the enroll-
ment and draft for three hundred thousand
militia, as he was authorized to do by the Pres-
ident by G-eneral Orders, No. 94, before quoted.
(See Compendium of General Orders, Adjutant
General's Office, for 1861-62-G3, pp. 93, 97.)
In this order the manner of the enroll merit and
draft are minutely pointed out, and it is, among
other things, provided that—
"6. A printed or written notice of his enrollment and
draft, and of the place of rendezvous of the drafted
m ihtary force, shall thereupon be served by a person to
be appointed by the commissioner, upon each person so
dratted, either by delivering the same in person, or
by leaving it at his Inst known place of residence.
"8. The persons thus diajted shall assemble at the
county seat of their respective counties, within Jive days
after the time of drafting, whence transportation will
be furnished them by the Governors of the several States
to the ida.ee of rendezvous.''
Filth. Provost marshals will be appointed bi/ the
Bar Department in the several States, on the nomina-
tion of the Governor thereof, with such assistants as
may be necessary to enforce the attendance of all
drafted persons who shall fail to attend at such places
of rendezvous."
Afterwards, by General Orders, No. 140.dated
September24,1862, it was provided as follows :
Third. It will be the duty of special provost mar-
shah to arrest all deserter*, whether regulars, volun-
teers. or militia, and send them to the nearest military
commander or military post, where they run be cared
for."—Compendium of General Orders, A. Cr. (J . for
1861-62-63, p. 120. "
Article twenty of the Articles of War is in
these words :
"Art. 20. Alloflicersand soldiers who have received
pay, or who have been duly enlisted in the service, of
the United States, and, shall be convicted of having
deserted the same, shall suffer death, ur such other pun-
ishment as by sentence of a court-martud shall be in-
flicted."—Rev. U. A. Army Regulations, p. 48S.
The law does not define the term deserter or
desertion, but. leaves that to be determined by
the tribunal that may be called upon to pass
upon the act of desertion.
What. then, is a deserter? I antv-er, a per-
son liable to military duty who abandons his
military post without proper authority therefor.
How does a person become liable to perforin
military duty ?
In two ways. First, by voluntarily enlisting
in the military service; and second, by being
drafted and compelled to go into the military
service.
In either case he is regarded in the military
service. In the case of being drafted it is the
draft and the order to appear at a given time
and place that puts him in the service. The
draft is equivalent to an enlistment. There is
no particular form required of a drafted man
to put him into the service. Tlia fact of being
drafted is sufficient, and ajter that, and notice,
he is in the military service and bound to obey
all military orders coming from his superior
officer-, and if he does not obey he is subject to
military punishment.
By the provisions of the law the President
was authorized to make such rules and regula-
tions concerning the draft as he might deem
necessary. lie did make such rules and regu-
lations. He prescribed how the draft should
be conducted; that notice should be given to
the drafted person; that he should appear at
a given time and place; and that if he did not
a provost marshal might arrest him and take
him to the place of rendezvous.
Here is express provision of law for treat-
ing a drafted man who fails to report as a
DESERTER.
lie is just as much a deserter as an enlisted
man who obtains a furlough and remains away
without authority after his furlough expires.
The furloughed man is bound to report at
the end of his furlough. The drafted man is
hound to report within five days from the draft.
What is the difference between them ? We all
know that during the war men drafted before
the law of 1803, were arrested and carried into
the service and treated as deserters by the War
Department. In tact, General Orders No. 99
made the fact of being drafted equivalent to
being in the service.
Section nine is in these word?:
"As soon as the draft has been made and the names
marked on the enrollment h'sti, the commissioner will
send a cony <V the draft to the commandant of the ren-
dezvous, and another of the same to the adjutantgeu-
cral of the State, who ivill immediately organize the
drafted meninto companies and regiments of infantry,
by assigning one hundred and one men to each com-
pany and ten companies to eaeti regiment, and send
a copy of the organization to the commandant of the
rendezvous
"10. At the expiration of the time allowed for the
drafted men to reaehtherendezvous, the commandant
shall proceed to complete the organization of the com-
panies and regiments
Thus showing by the very terms of the order
that the men were regarded as in the service
of the United States as soon as drafted.
It has been held that the order of the Pres-
ident under the act of July 17, 1862, has all
the force of an act of Congress. {Common-
wealth vs. Audress, 10 Pittsburg Legal In-
telligencer, page 211.)
To show how this matter has been under*
derstood in the War Department, I call the
attention of the committee to the following
circular, No. 47 :
[Circular, No. 47.]
War Department,
Provost Marshal General's Office,
Washington, D. 0., July 7,18(33.
I. Drafted men become soldiers in the servicc of the
United States by the fact of their names having been
drawn in the draft. The notification, served upon them
by the provost marshal, is men ly an announcement of
the fact, and an order J or them to report for duty, at
a de<,igvote<l time and place.
II. The following opinion of Hon. William Whit-
ing. Solicitor of the War Department, is published
lor the information of all concerned:
" If a perron after being drafted, and before receiving
notice, deserts, the notice may still be served by leaving
it at his lastplaceoj residence, and >/ Iwdoes not appear
in accordance with the notice, 01 furnish the substitute
or pay the $300. he will be in law a dea -rter and must
be treated accoi dinglu. There is no way or manner in
which apeibon once ' enrolledcan escape his public
duties, and when drafted, whether present or a'-sent,
whether he changes his residence or absconds, the
rights of the United States against him jfc secured,
and it is only by performance of his daty to the
country that he will cseone liability to be treated
as a criminal. t > william whiting,
" Solicitor of the War Department.*''
JAMES B. FRY,
Provost Marshal General.
Secondly. I now propose to consider whether
deserters, under the act of Congress approved
March 3, 1865, are voters in Ohio.
Also, if a conviction for desertion is neces-
sary before such votes can be rejected by judges
of elections.
Ihe constitution of Ohio limits the elective
franchise to citizens of the United States:
" Every white male citizen of the United States of
the age of twenty-one years, who shall have been a
resident of theState one year next preceding the elec-
tion, and of the county, township, or ward, in which
he resides such time as may be piovided by law, shall
have the qu.ilificafions of an elector and be entitled
to vote at all elections-"—Art. 5, sec. 1.
The twenty-first section of the act of March
3, 1865, is as follows:
" That in addition to the other lawful penalties of
the crime of desertion from the military or naval
service, all persons who have deserted the military
or naval service of the United States, who shall not
return to said service or report themselves to a pro-
vost marshal within sixty days alter tuo proclama-
tion hereinafter mentioned, shall be deemed and
taken to have voluntarily relinquished and forfeited
their rights of citizenship and their right to become
citizens; and suchdeserterss/iaZ/ be forever incapable
of holding any office of trust or profituuder the Uni-
ted States, or of exercising any rights of citizens
thereof: and all persons who shall hereafter desert
the miiitaiy or naval service, and all persons who
being duly enrolled shall deport the jurisdiction of
the district in which he is enrolled or go beyond the
limits of the United States with intent to avoid any
draft into the military or naval scrvicoduly ordered,
shall be liable to the penalties of this section. Ami
the President is hereby authorized and required forth-
with, on the passage of this act, to issue his proclama-
tion setting forth the piovislons of this section, in
which pioelatuation the Pi esident is requested to
notify all deserters returning within sixty days as
aforesaid, that they shall be pardoned on condition
of returning to their regiments and companies or to
such other organizations as they may be assigned to,
until they shall have served for a period of time equal
to their original term of enlistment."—-UnitedSlate*
Statutes-at-Large, vol. 13, p. 487.
Briefly analyzed, this act provides that de-
serters from the Army or Navy who fail to
return within a given time after proclamation,
to be issued by the President, shall be consid-
ered to have renounced and forfeited their citi-
zenship and their rights to become citizens, and
shall be incapable ot' holding office under the
United States.
In this way Congress accepts their resigna-
tion of citizenship, and they lose their condi-
tion of citizens.
Jt is not ex post facto legislation because it
inflicts no penalty; penalties are left for the
courts, civil and military. It is not ex post
facto, because future continuance in the neg-
lect to perform their duties is superadded
to past disobedience as a cause for accept-
ing their conduct as an abnegation of citizen-
ship.
Where, then, does the power to confer or take
away citizenship rest in the United States?
I answer, in the national Government, first,
because the Constitution has conferred upon
the nation the power "to establish a uniform
rule of naturalization." (Art. 4, sec. 8.)
It is impossible to execute this power and
make citizenship uniform, unless the United
States have exclusive and entire control over
the subject; and hence it must be admitted i hat
all the powers which the States previously had
over this subject were surrendered and vested
in the nation.
This seems to be so palpably just and neces-
sary that, it requires no argument;, illustration,
or authority; but lest it may be denied. I will
venture to refer to the following cases: JVhea-
ion 900, and cases there cited.
In the case of Lynch vs. Clark, 1 Satiford s
R., f)83, citizenship is said to be^"<z natural
right or condition;" and in 2 Kent's Com-^
mentaries, s. p. 30, note, " ihe question ot
citizenship is one of national, and not ol indi-
vidual [or State] sovereignty."
