3904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
Mr. SHERMAN. I will $isk whether the
unfinished business takes precedence of the
special order?
The PRESIDENT protempore. Underthe
rule of the Senate the unfinished business
supersedes everything else.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If we can once get lip
the joint resolution, which is the unfinished
business, we can dispose of it in two or three
hours.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the special order going over informally, in the
hope that we may get a speedy vote on that
resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. It cannot go over inform-
ally, because the unfinished business takes
precedence of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. But I want to continue
the funding bill as a special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order will be laid aside informally, if that be
the wish of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not ask it in regard
to this; but I say I hope the unfinished busi-
ness will be disposed of in a short time, so that
we can proceed with the special order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We shall get rid of it very
soon, I trust.
The PRESIDENT^??-*) tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is before the Senate.
message from the house.
A- message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherso.v, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had disagreed to the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (II. R.
No. 054) making a grant of land to the State
of Minnesota to aid in the improvement of tbe
navigation of the Mississippi river, asked a
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. P. A.
Pike of Maine, Mr. Igxatius Donnelly of
Minnesota, and Mr. William Mungen of
Ohio, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 329)
to amend the fourteenth section of the act
approved July 28, 18t>6, entitled "An act to
protect the revenue, and for other purposes."
The message also informed the Senate that
Mr. James B. Beck, of Kentucky, had been
appointed a manager on the part of the House,
at the conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 818)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 18UU, and for other purposes, in the place
of Mr. W. S. Holm an. of Indiana, excused.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (H- Ii. No. 420) to incorporate the
"Connecticut Avenue and Park Railway Com-
pany" in the District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 6-50) to amend act of 3d
March, 1865, providing for the construction
of certain wagon-roads in Dakota Territory ;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 1008) to provide for cer-
tain claims against the Department of Agri-
culture.
improvement of mississippi river.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the bill (H. R. No. 554) making a
grant of land to the State of Minnesota to aid
in the improvement of the navigation of the
Mississippi river, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Resolved, That tbe Senate insist upon its amend-
ment to the said bill disagreed to by the House, and
agree to the conference asked by the Heuse of Rep-
resentatives on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Ramsey, Mr. Hendricks, and Mr. Pome-
roy.
electoral vote of late rebel states.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 139) excluding from the Elect-
oral College votes of States lately in rebellion
which shall not have been reorganized, the
pending qnestion being on the amendment of
Mr. Conkling to the amendment of Mr.
Drake.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] wishes to address
the Senate for a short time this morning.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe the pending propo-
sition is the substitute offered by the Senator
from New York.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. That is the
pending question.
Mr. DAVIS. It is not my purpose to make
many remarks upon the subject, but I would
prefer that the vote should be taken upon that
proposition before I make any.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky does not wish to submit his remarks now,
I may just as well at this time, although an
amendmentis pending, (because these amend-
ments are only changes of phraseology after
all,) occupy ten or fifteen minutes of the time
of the Senate in stating the grounds upon which
I think this joint resolution ought to pass ;
and in doing that I shall endeavor to refrain
from going into any political questions that are
not necessarily connected with this measure ;
and I appeal to Senators on all sides of the
Chamber, considering the lateness of the ses-
sion, considering the nature of this joint reso-
lution. to confine themselves in debate, so far
as I may in courtesy appeal to them, to the
very questions that are presented, and leave
platforms and other considerations that appeal
to the general political campaign to be dis-
cussed upon some bill that will not occupy so
much time in its return to us as this may,
possibly.
Therefore, Mr. President, confining myself
strictly to the real question of the propriety of
this joint resolution, I have to say, in the first
place, that I think there is clearly no constitu-
tional doubt of our power to pass it; that it
comes clearly within the scope of those duties
that the Constitution has remitted to us as law-
makers. The Constitution does not prescribe
in terms how the votes of a State shall be
ascertained to be its votes, but only prescribes
that the votes of a State shall be opened and
counted in the presence of the two Houses;
but it gives to Congress the power to pass all
laws that are necessary to carry into proper
effect all the functions that are granted to any
Department of the Government. Therefore,
it seems plain that this is the proper subject of
law to ascertain and define a rule of action in
a case that may arise, that enters into the laws
of ail the States that we know of, under con-
stitutions in these respects much like ours, pro-
viding by law as to how the people's will shall
be ascertained, and providing some board or
tribunal, regulated by law, pointing out their
duties beforehand, who shall go through with
the necessary functions of ascertaining what
that will has been. So, I take it, that it is
clearly within the scope of our constitutional
powers.
This same question was up four years ago,
and it was then fully debated, upon the pass-
age of a resolution similar to this, excluding,
after the votes had been taken in two of the
States, the votes of the ten States to which
this resolution applies; and in the course of
that debate the propriety of legislation in ad-
vance was thoroughly laid down, and the pro-
priety of it shown in order to avoid leaving
anything to contests and discretions afterward.
It was said by the honorable Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trtimbull] the other day, against
this resolution, that it was leaving discretion
to somebody ; but as he himself then stated,
the propriety of passing a law in advance and
of regulating the matter by law was to avoid
leaving anything to be the subject of contest
when the votes should come actually to be
counted in the convention of the two Houses ;
and I think then he was clearly right. The
effect and object of the joint resolution is to
remove from the arena of passion and of preju-
dice questions which would appeal to passion
and prejudice when it was known at the time
that a particular decision or a particular rule
would produce a certain result. Now we de-
clare the rule before any of ns can know upon
which political side of the question it is to
operate-. We do not declare, as I said yester-
day, who shall vote, or how they shall vote,
but we simply declare what we the political
communities within the territories embraced
in these States which make up the State in a
political sense, and declare that those political
communities, and no others, are the States
mentioned in the Constitution as the ones
whose electors shall vote for President.
Mr. Trumbull said on the 1st of February,
1865, on this same question :
"It is important to settle at an early day the mode
of counting the votes for President and Vice Presi-
dent, which, under the Constitution and laws, are to
be opened and canvassed a week from to-day in joint
session of the two Houses. It is known probably to
every member of the Senate that no rules havo ever
been adopted for action in that joint convention."
And then he goes on to say, with great pro-
priety, that it is extremely desirable and proper
that a rule provided by law should be laid
down, and the scope and tenor of his remarks,
properly and conclusively, were that that rule
was to obviate as far as it is possible for the
law to obviate such a thing, any discretion,
any flexibility being left to the person or the
bodies who were to count those votes. In that
he was entirely right, although I regret very
much to perceive that he, apparently, has
changed his view on that subject now.
At a later point in the debate he stated the
propriety of this in so much better and stronger
language than I can, that I beg leave to read a
little further:
" Now, sir, it is said that tbe votes of these States
will nqt affect the result. That may be so; we may
know outside that it probably is so ; but this war
may last four years more, I trust in God it wilt not;
1 do not believe it will: but suppose it shall run four
years longer, and the doctrine contended for here is
to obtain, hovr do you know but that at the next
presidential election your Presidentmay be selected
by these very States in rebellion ? Sir, I say to you
here what I believe, that if the result of the presi-
dential election depended upon the vote of Louisiana,
I care not which way it was east, if the pretended
electoral votes of Louisiana were to choose the nest
President of the United States after tbe 4thof March,
decided either way.it would produce a revolution
in this country unless you had some provision to
settle it by law in advance."
That is precisely what this resolution pro-
poses to do in all these States, to determine
which are the political communities, and to
declare in advance that none but those com-
munities shall participate in this election.
The honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Johnson] said:
" The question, then, Mr. President, is whether
Congress have any authority to legislate at all on
this subject. I agree with the chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee and my friend from Vermont"—
The predecessor of my present colleague,
Mr. Collamer—
" that the authority exists ; and I was somewhat sur-
prised to find that it was disputed by gentlemen of
sueh distinction every way, and particularly in their
profession, os tbe honorable member from Wiscon-
sin and the honorable member from New York."
si*. * *
"I never heard before—I speak It with entire
respect to my learned brothers—that it was doubted
that it was within the province of Congress to pro-
vide for cases of this description. The doubt was,
and perhaps that doubt was well founded, whether
votes could be excluded by either branch of Con-
gress or by tho two when they met in convention.
.Nobody supposed that the Vice President could
exclude them. But I was about to say that I never
heard it doubted before that sueh a contingency, as
might well happen, because of tho manner in which
the constitutional provision was framed, could not
be provided for by legislation."
Then he quotes from Chancellor Kent to
show that in the opinion of that eminent jurist,
it is a proper and fit subjecL of legislation in
advance, as much ass it is in the States, to pro-
vide for ascertaining who are the persons who
have voted and who they have voted for.
Now, I beg leave to read from an authority
