356
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3,
Ho.-of Reps.
Contested Election—Mr. Delano.
40th Gong....2d Sess.
Judge McLean, in the 19 Howard, page 533,
declares—
" That a. State may authorize a foreigner to hold
real estate," * s * but it has no power
to naturalize foreigners and give them the rights of
citizens. Such a right is opposed to the acts of Con-
gress," s. * * > " and subversive of the
Federal powers.
" Every person who is a citizen of the United States
whether by biith or naturalization, holds his gieafc
franchise by the laws of the United States and
above the control of any particular State."—Attorney
General Bates's Opinion, 29th Nov., 1862.
And to such an extent has this doctrine been
earned that it has been clearly established by
law and logic that no State can confer the
elective franchise upon one who is not a citizen
of the United States. There is no such thing
as State citizenship. It is the nation and only
the nation that makes and unmakes citizens;
and if the elective franchise can be conferred
by a State upon persons not citizens, it enables
a State to subvert and overthrow our institu-
tions and change our form of Government.
Upon this point I refer to a few opinions of
the ablest of our jurists and statesmen.
Judge Curtis, in 19 Howard, 581, before
referred to, says:
"The enjoyment of the elective franchise is not
essential to citizenship" * * < "It is one
of the chiefest attributes of citizenship under the
American constitutions; and the juvt and constitu-
tional possession of this right is decisive evidence of
national citizenship
Judge Story elucidates this question with
admirable power and precision m 1 Story on
the Constitution, page 1103, as follows:
"If aliens might be admitted indiscriminately to
enjoy all the rights of citizens at the will of a, single
Stnt°, the Union itself might be endangered by the
influx of foreigners hostile to its institutions, igno-
rant of its forms, and incapable of a due ostimalion
of its privileges."
In Wheaton, page 910, Mr. Lawrence says:
"If the States can admit to the elective franchise
tbjosc who are not citizens, thereby neutralizing the
vote* of citizens, not only the Federal power of nat-
uralization becomes a nullity, but" > * •<
"a minority of actual citizens by the aid of aliens may
control the government of the Slates, and through
the States theGovernment of the Union."
Once more. Mr. Calhoun, in Wheaton, 905,
puts the question so distinctly and clearly that
without, intending to indorse his opinions in
other things, I think it will shed light on this
question to quote from his argument. He
says:
"Whatever difference there may be as to what
other rights appertain to a citizen, all must agree
that he has the right to petition and also to claim
the protection of the Government^ These belong to
him as a member uf the body politic, and the posses-
sion of them is what separates citizens of the lowest
condition from aliens and slaves. To suppose that a
State can make an alien a citr/en or confer on him
the right of voting would involve the absurdity of
giving him the direct and immediate control over
the action of the General Government, from which
he can claim no protection and to which he has no
right to present a petition."
"Now, admit that a State may confer the right of
voting on aliens, and it follows that we might have
among our constituents persons who have not the
right to claim the protection of the Government, nor
present a petition to it.
"But a still greater difficulty remains. Supnose a
war should be declared between the United States
and the country to which the aliens belong. They
as alien enemies would be liable to be seized under
the laws of Congress, and to have their goods confis-
cated, and themselves imprisoned or sent out of the
country."
Notwithstanding a contrary practice in
regard to suffrage for aliens has been adopted
in some States, surely it is quite impossible to
justify it, either in argument or on solid and
well-considered opinions of eminent jurists.
Tn Ohio, by her constitution, United States
citizenship is necessary to suffrage j and these
authorities, and this argument to this point,
are to show that by the Constitution of the
United States, as well as from necessity, all
the power once residing in the States over citi-
zenship is now vested in the nation.
Let us consider what this power is:
Every nation is bound to preserve itself, and
since so bound "has a right to everything
necessary for its preservation.'1 (Valid, p.
62, Northampton, Mass., ed.)
Wheaton, page 105, section two, says:
" Of the absolute international rights of States,
one of the most essential and most important, and
that which lies at the foundation of all the rest, is
the right, of self-preservation. It is not only a right
with respect to other States, but a du'y with respect
to its own members, and the most solemn and irnport-
i ant which the State owes to them. This right neces-
sarily involves all other incidental rights which are
essential as a means to give effect to the piincipal
end. Among these is the right of self-defense. Thin
again involve* the right to require the unlitary service
of all its people, to levy troops and maintain a naval
force, to build fortifications, and impose and collect
taxes."
Let us reflect on these principles for a mo-
ment as connected with the law under consid
eration and the circumstances under which it
was enacted. The nation was in the midst of
an enormous and alarming rebellion. It re-
quired the military service of the people for
self-preservation. Self-preservation was its
duty, its right, and this right carried with it
4 * necessarily all other incidental rights.'' Per-
sons, citizens, owing military service, which,
as Wheaton says, the nation hud a right, to
icqttire, were fleeing from the country, had
fled the country and deserted the United States,
refusing to render such military service as was
due fro in them to the nation and such as the
nation had a right to demand.
They are, under these circumstances, called
upon to stop and to return, and are informed
by this law that. unless they do return to duty
and their allegiance to the Government in a
given time, after proclamation by the Presi-
dent, that they shall cease to be citizens. It
is simply this, that they shall no longer enjoy
the privileges and immunities incident to citi-
zenship, if they longer refuse to perform their
duties to the State which is the consideration
for such privileges and immunities.
Can anything be clearer than the right of
the State to take away citizenship with all its
privileges from those who cease and refuse to
perform such duties to the State as they owe
in consideration for the privilege ?
Justice Blackstone says:
"Allegiance is the tic or ligament that binds every
subject to bo true and faithful to his sovereign in
return for protection which is afforded him."
The Attorney General, in his opinion of 29th
November, 180*2, says:
"The duty of allegiance and the right to protection
are correlative obligations,//*e one the price of the
other, and they constitute the bond between the indi-
vidual and his country."
This principle is thus expressed by Vattel,
*(s. p. 106:)
"If the body of society or he who represents it
(the Government) absolutely fail to discharge then-
obligations toward the citizen, the latter may with-
draw himself, for, if one of the contracting parties
does not observe his engagements the other is 110
longer bound to fulfill his, as the contract is recip-
rocal between society and its members."
it is on the same principle also that society
may expel a member who violates its laws.
It must be distinctly understood and well
remembered that the law under consideration
applies only (as here claimed) to deserters:
that is, to men who belong to the Army or
Navy, who are or were subject to the rules,
regulations, and articles of war, and who, thus
situated, violated their oaths and deserted, and
that, too, during the war.
It is only this class of flagrant culprits who
were subject to court-martial and sentence of
death for desertion, and whose resignation of
citizenship Congress has simply accepted, say-
ing to them that for this failure to perform
these duties due from them as citizens, and
made infinitely imperative by their having been
made actual members of the Army or Navy,
for this failure and continued failure, after
notice, you shall cease to have the right to vote
or hold office, and thereby direct the adminis-
tration of the Government. You have re-
nouncea and are no longer worthy to enjoy
these great principles.
It must also be remembered that this act
was passed during the war, while Congress was
in the full and rightful exercise of all the
powers which a state of war confers upon Con-
gress ; and that these powers, by express con-
stitutional provision, authorized Congress—
I. To declare war j
If. To raise and support armies;
III. To make rules for the government «nd
regulation of the land and naval forces; and
IV. To make all laws which shall be neces-
sary and proper for carrying into execution the
foregoing provisions. (Art. 1. sec. 8, Consti-
tution United States.)
Without resorting to the power of self-pres-
ervation and all the powers necessary for its
execution which is conferred on States by the
law of nations, I find in the text of the Consti-
tution full authority for the law applied to these
persons during a state of war; and to deprive
the nation of this power is to surrender the
elective franchise and the control of the Gov-
ernment to deserters who merit death and do
not deserve and are not entitled to be citizens
and electors. Surely argument nor authority
need be longer employed to establish the
proposition that duty and fidelity to the na-
tion by its citizens is the piice paid for citizen-
ship, with its privileges and immunities, and
that when the citizens fail in the discharge of
their duties and refuse, as the disfranchised in
this law did refuse to render military service
for the Government in an hour of imminent need
and peril, but fled and hid and skulked in for-
eign lands and secret places at home, and thus
became deserters from the Army and Navy—
surely, I say, under such circumstances to deny
the right to take away citizenship from such
persons, such deserters, is to make this Gov-
ernment a helpless, weak, and powerless thing,
incompetent to defend itself, unable to com-
mand and enforce the military services either
of its citizens or the members of its Army when
imperiously required for the preservation of
its life i
But it has this power; it is a power incident
to sovereignty, necessary to the discharge of
its duties and as certain as its other powers.
It is also a power which once belonged to and
was frequently exercised by the original States
before the Federal Constitution was formed,
and which passed from the States to the Federal
Govern mentwhen the Constitution wasadoptcd.
This I will establish by reference to history,
(see remarks by Hon. Samuel Shellabargerj
April 121, 1 S(Sti7 first session Tliirty-lsiiiiii Con-
gress, vol. 58 Congressional Globe, pp. 2102,
2103, 2104, 2105, and 21UG.) as follows:
"History.
" I assort that there is not, and never was, a civil-
ized nation in which the sovereign did not both hold
and exercise the power of forfeiting and taking
awav, and that by law or edict of the sovereign
rights ot citizenship, when its duties were not recog-
nized or rendered.
" Accepfmgforeign citizenship forfeits all itsrights
in 1'rance; and so does taking a foreign ofiice.
(Wheaton. 922.) The same is true in Prussia. (Ib.,
922.) One who abandons his country forfeits citizen-
ship iii Austria. An Englishman loses his rights as
a British subject by adhering to a foreign Power.
(Wheaton, 917; 2 Blackstone, 410.) The same is the
law of Bavaria, of Wurtemburg, of Russia, and of
Spain. The same law has been enfoiced again and
again by Switzerland, and by every other European
State: and that throughout all the period ot civil-
ized history.
"Mr. iivlh. i desire to inquire whether this for-
feiture of which the gentleman speaks can ever
operate until office found by a eouit of competent
juri^lh tion ?
" Mr. Rhellab vrger. I answer the gentleman
that it does lake effect by act of the sovereign in the
enactment of the law or edict, whichever may be the
channel of communicating the national will upon
that subject-matter; and he will so find upon an
examination of the authorities.
4'I have not appealed to these to show that our Gov-
ernment has the arbitiary power over the citizen
which is held by the absolute powers of Europe, for
it is not so, 1 appeal to these to show that, luring
all time, and in e^eiy trul> feo\ereign State which
has the power i o demand allegiance, and to confer
citizenship, and to define irs duties, whether that
State be, like Austria and Russia. an absolute mon-
archy, or, like England, it limited one, or, likeSwhz-
erland^aiul Rome, republics, they could also with'
draw the same citizenship from them who performed
none of these duties.
"The two powers of eonferringaDcl withdrawing arc
in their nature inseparable. That would be a pre-
