1856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
He did this with the thirty -seven hundred bonds.
He charged himself with the blank sheets and
charged himself with the denomination. This
was in 1864. When he returned those bonds
he returned, some printed, some mutilated,
twenty-fourhnndredandfifty-seven sheets, (that
is, with merely the green printed,) thirty-seven
hundred blank papers, and eighty-six bonds.
Now, sir, in 1804, there was made on these
books ati entry of thirty-seven hundred blatik
sheets of paper which were returned, and
twenty-eight hundred blank sheets of paper
which were returned. The books all the way
through carry out these bonds in the same
way—tints, mutilated, printed upon the back,
defective, blank, &e. Here is the record,
which gentlemen who arc curious about this
matter of printing may examine. Now, there
is in the Department another book contain-
ing a receipt of the same issues of bonds and
the return of them. In this second book are
recorded the same thirty-seven hundred sheets
of blank paper and the twenty-eight hundred
sheets of blank paper.
Now, sir, the Secretary of the Treasury
thought it necessary, by reason of some ru-
mors, to institute an inquiry in regard to the
manner of conducting this Printing Bureau.
And now I will answer the question put awhile
ago by the gentleman from Tennessee, [ill-.
Maynaed.] This committee went to Mr.
Clark's bureau, and there they found these
blank sheets to which I have just called atten-
tion—some printed, some mutilated, some
tints. They found the identical blank sheets
now in controversy. According to the theory
of the bureau, those blank sheets had signifi-
cance and value. Under that theory they had
attached to them a denominational value and
were considered just as deserving of protection
as the bonds that had been printed. Conse-
quently, Mr. Boot, a clerk in the Treasury De-
partment, gives his receipt for these very same
bonds ; and among them in one receipt are the
thirty-seven hundred bonds marked as blank
paper and carried out with their denomina-
tional value, 818,500,000.
Now, sir, Mr. lioot took these outofthePrint-
ing Bureau entirely, and they never went back
there. Mr. Boot took these blank sheets from
the Printing Bureau and they were never entered
into that bureau again. When he took them
he gave a receipt for thirty-seven hundred blank
sheets which were marked to represent the
value, if they were ever printed, of $18,500,000.
You may say this is a foolish theory. So it is.
They had better adopt a better system, you may
say. I say so too. But there has been no fraud
in all this ; so it will appear when you take into
consideration the way in which they do their
business at the Printing Bureau. Mr. Hoot has
signed this. When tliey take the paper they
sign a receipt. They give duplicate receipts.
Here is the receipt. Mr. Hoot gave his receipt
for these blank sheets and (hen they passed out
of the Printing Bureau. Ilere are twenty-eight
hundred blank sheets of paper with the value
carried out in money, although there was not
the least taint upon them. The books of the
Treasury from 1804 down to the present time
have entries of these figures and give the de-
nomination of these papers. So this is not
the only entry of this character.
These sheets were taken from the Printing
Bureau. Here are the receipts. Then they
were passed to the cash department. What
then was done? They were put into the safe.
Why put blank paper in the safe ? Although
they were blank paper they were carried out as
of a certain value. It was because of the
theory of their system. Whether right or
wrong, they had a value, and every sheet had
to be accounted; for every sheet represented
$1,000 or $5,000. These sheets were locked
up in the safe, and there they remained locked
up, so no man's hand could touch them save
the man who had receipted for them. Finally
the question arose what should be done with
this blank paper? Thcnitwas that these sheets
were ordered to bo destroyed. My l'riend from
Tennessee has referred to the action of the
Secretary of the Treasury carrying out the
theory of the Department in this regard. The
Secretary of the Treasury said " Let these
papers be destroyed as others were." They
were taken from the safe. It was not done
without proper checks. There is a check upon
every transaction there. I am not justifying
the system at all, but only showing there was
no fraud here. When these sheets were taken
from the safe they went into the hands of the
counting committee. They were counted as
if they were bonds. They went next into the
hands of the destruction committee. When
they went there they stated, and here is their
certificate, that they were blank sheets.
Now, sir, when fraud is charged, when crime
is alleged to have been committed, we look for
the motive which led to it. We want to know
who did it and why it was done. If fraud is
committed we want to know who is to be bene-
fited by it. If there was anyfraud or crime Mr.
Clark was not to be benefited, for those sheets
had gone out of his bureau. They had been
taken to be destroyed from the safe of the
Treasurer of the United States. 'They were
counted and receipted for when they went in,
and they were counted and receipted for when
they were taken out and before they were
destroyed. It just happened that this com-
mittee of investigation came and seized upon
all the effects of the bureau, just at the tune,
too, when these blank sheets of paper were
there, and they took possession of them. That
is the reason there were so many blank sheets.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I undeistand the gentle-
man to say that when this paper is delivered
at the Piinting Bu.eau its value is fixed; that
they fix the value it is intended to bear when
completed. I think I understand that, and
that every sheet of paper is traced from the
time it enters the bureau until it leaves the
bureau, and the character in which it leaves
the bureau, whether it is a complete bond or
blank paper. I understand all that, and I
think I can see the importance of keeping the
trace of every piece of paper which goes into
the bureau, and every piece which goes out,
and how it goes out. But I cannot see, when
it is in the bureau, when it is good, smooth,
white paper, why it is necessary to destroy that
paper and then to go into the market to buy
more just like it, unless it is to preserve this
system.
Mr. VAN WYOK. 'That is all. That is
just what General Spinner said was wrong.
That is what you and I say is wrong. It is to
carry out the theory of the system. That is
all of it. There was no fraud.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then it is a piece of
expensive red tape.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I agree with you. It
was right, however, according to the system
which prevailed there.
The papers came into the hands of the de-
struction committee. Then this man Neale
made the inquiry. He went into the Register's
office and they told him all about it. Then he
went back and said he would put this certifi-
cate on the book before the paper was de-
stroyed. These weie only blank sheets of
paper, and the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Pkice] thinks it extraordinary that any one in
the Treasury Department should make an en-
try on the book of this certificate that they
were not bonds. He thinks it is something
wonderful that they should perpetrate this
fraud of certifying that these were securities.
It is also said that this is written in red ink.
So it is, by another eleik, whose duty it is to
fill out the sheets. Let me say to the gentle-
man fro,n Iowa that a certain kind ot these
bonds aie called '"statistical " in order that it
may be understood that they are not real bonds.
It is understood in the Department that muti-
lated paper blanks arc called "statistical."
All such bonds are in red ink, and every man
who opens the lecoid can see the character
of those papers. They are called securities
because they are papers of that character.
They are written in red ink to designate their
character as statistical.
Now, my friend will not insist that a muti-
lated bond is better than a blank sheet. M7
friend from Tennessee [Mr. Mayn'ard] says it
is not so good. Some are tinted and some are
bronzed, yet all the receipts speak of them as
securities. They are headed "blanks" or
''bronzed," and they are written in red ink
to show that they did not intend to call them
bonds perfected. They are called securities
because value has attached even to the muti-
lated, defaced, and unpiintcd blanks.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman yield for
a moment?
Mr. VAN WYCK. For a question.
Mr. PllICK. What I stated was this: that
the certificate written there was not written in
red ink, because it is not so written. The
word "blank" at the head of the page is writ-
ten in red ink. That lias nothing to do with
the certificate whatever. I stated—and the
gentleman will agree with me in that—that
the certificate at the bottom of the page writ-
ten in black ink, signed by the four men, states
that they had destroyed $18,048,000 United
States securities, when the fact was they did
not destroy'anything but blank paper. And I
stated further that all this difficulty had arisen,
from their not certifying to the facts as they
were.
Mr. VAN AVYCK. Will you look a mo-
ment at this book? That is "bronzed." Is
not that a certificate calling it a security? Do
you not see that?
Mr. PRICE. That is a printed certificate,
but if you call a blank paper a bond that does
not make it so.
Mr. VAN WYCIv. I agree with you there.
Mr. PRICE. I knew you would agree with
me. When the facts come to be stated you
will have to agree with me. [Laughter.]
Mr. VAN WYCK. Good. Witness, stand
a moment. [Laughter.]
Mr. FAUNSWORTH. This discussion is
not in order.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Here is a certificate
which they signed at the bottom. It is all one
instrument; it all speaks of the same transac-
tion. There is nothing at the bottom signed
in ink except the name and date. The receipt
is of the above, on the page.
Mr. PRICE. That is where the gentleman
makes a mistake. The certificate is of the
United States securities therein contained, spe-
cifying them. The certificate covers these and
nothing else. That is where the trouble is.
Mr. VAN \^YCK. Now, let us see what it
says. Here it is: " Schedule of United States
five-twenty coupon bonds, act February 26,
1802, bronzed—returned by me this day to be
destroyed;" and then it gives the number of
packages and the number of pieces—sixteen
§1,000 each carried out 310,000. Now, let
me read the certificate.
Mr. PRICE. I was just going to ask the
gentleman to let me read it.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I will read it myself.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
a question of order. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Vax Wyck] having been longest in
the military service has the best voice, and is
entitled io read that paper. [Laughter.]
Mr. VAN WYCK. Yes, I concur with the
gentleman in that opinion. I anticipated his
opinion, and was acting upon it.
The SPEAKER. Tne gentleman from New
York is entitled to the lloor.
Mr. VAN W1 CK. 1 will read the certifi-
cate. It is as follows :
" Wo hereby certify that all the Tinted States speur-
itic, speeiiied and dox-i ibed in the ten ego hit? sched-
ule were this da> totally destroyed 111 our presence."
Now, this is headed "Schedule of United
States bonds," "bronzed," and that is what
it covers—the schedule. They certify that all
the United States securities "specified and
described'' in the foregoing schedule have been
destroyed.
Mr. PRICE. Let me read it.
Mr. VAN WYCK. If you can read it any
better do so.
Mr. PRICE. The answer to that depends
