2880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jirne -5,
•which has been cited here to-day, which is as
follows:
"But the Congress m*y by law vest the appointment
of such inferior officers as they may think proper in
tho President alone, or m the courts of law, of in the
head of a Department."
Now, the connection in which that clause
of the Constitution occurs is one in which
inferior officers are-spoken of in apposition to
or conjunction with these heads of Depart-
ments as distinguishable from inferior officers.
Therefore, you cannot make the heads of
Departments inferior officers. That, I doubt
not, will be assented to by everybody. I do
not think there is any difference on that point.
They are not inferior officers, but must be cre-
ated by appointment by the President with the
consent of the Senate. That is the first sug-
gestion I desire to make.
Now, what follows from this that relates to
the matter under consideration ? Why, sir,
this: that you cannot expand—to adopt the
language that has been used in this debate—a
man who may by legislation be an inferior
officer'into one of those officers that must be
created by the President, with the consent of
the Senate. Why ? Because the Constitution
cannot be evaded or avoided by such indirec-
tion. The Constitution meant., for example—
considering now the case of the head of a
Department, that is, a man who is required by
another clause of the Constitution to submit
in writing his opinion touching public affairs
to the President—the Constitution meant that
when the Senate acted upon that man's case
he should be nominated to the Senate for the
very office and the very duties which it was
proposed he should discharge. Would it not
be queer that Mr. Rollins, presented to the
Senate for the purpose of being made Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, should, by mere
legislation, be expanded up, without the leave
of the Senate, into an officer as to whose fitness
the Senate never judged ? Clearly that cannot
■ be. Every lawyer, every member of the House,
will at once assent that we cannot make Mr.
Rollins into the head of a Department. That
• is, because the head of a Department is a con-
stitutional officer, as to whose fitness to be such
head the Senate must be consulted.
[Here the hammer fell; but by unanimous
consent the gentleman was allowed to proceed.]
Now, if I am right thus far, what follows?
I have concluded in my own mind that we
cannot change Mr. Rollins into the head of a
department; that the office becomes vacant
and the appointee of the President must go in.
What then follows? Why, sir, that by this
sixth section you have in the first place got
into office a man of whose character we can
judge from the fact that he must be appointed
by the President. What then ? Why, s'ir, that
by the sixth section you repeal and strike down
whatever virtue the late action of the Senate
may have left from the tenure-of-office law, and
you expressly authorize that man to do what
you may legally authorize him to do—remove
every officer under this head of the depart-
ment without the assent of the Senate. You
repeal the tenurc-of-offiee law; and you do
more. You fly in the teeth, it seems to me,
not perhaps of the letter of the Constitution,
but of its spirit, by doing what? By author-
izing the head of the department to create
every collector and assessor in America. They
may be by legislation made inferior officers.
I do not deny that, but I think it would be
unwise to make them such. I think the first
legislation we had upon this subject, in which
it was required that the Senate should assent
to their creation, was wise, and I pray the House
to hesitate; I pray you, my brother members,
to hesitate before you give the creation of offi-
cers of the importance apd power and respon-
sibility and numbers in which exist and are
there assessors and collectors all through our
country, to any one man. Let the Senate re-
tain, as it has now, its supervision over these
important officers. I therefore hope that this
feature of the bill will not finally receive the
approval of the House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to know what is the pending amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ikgersoll,]
to strikeout the words "collectors, assessors,"
in line three.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I believe
debate is exhausted on that amendment unless
the gentleman will withdraw it.
Mr. INQ-ERSOLL. I withdraw it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to strike out the word "assessors."
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that the House
has already perpetrated an unconstitutional
act by attempting to appoint a head of this
department; if such be the fact, I suppose
that this bill creates a head of department.
Mr. Chairman, I find myself unable to go
on, and I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. What is now the pending
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The only motion pend-
ing is the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield,] to strike out the section, and
upon that debate is exhausted. Amendments
are still in order to perfect the section.
Mr. BUTLER. I move, then, to strike out
the words, " collectors, assessors." I desire
to answer one or two suggestions made by the
chairman of the Committee of W ays and Means.
He says, first, that they do not make a new
department, because they continue an office—
the office of Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue. Now, what does he mean by tho word
"office?" The building, the placc? No.
Does he mean the position? Yes. Then he
makes that position that is now a bureau into
a department.
Then, sir, I was sorry to hear my friend
inadvertently say that "if we were sincere in
our opposition" we should do so and so. I
know he is sincere, and I trust he will believe
we are. The difficulty we find is this, that if
we make this section a law, then these four
hundred and eighty officers are in the hands
of the President, which are not now in his
hands. The gentleman says he can appoint
them now, but he cannot get them out of office
except—by what means? The law says that
he can suspend them, as he claims, indefinitely
and at his pleasure. That he claims a consti-
tutional right to do, and that nineteen men in
the Senate said that he had a constitutional
right to do. But I do not believe, sir, that he
dare exercise it in regard to this large class of
officers. I think there is not money enough
in the whisky ring to buy an acquittal in an
impeachment for that wholesale exercise of
power.
Mr. MULLINS. Oh, you are mightily mis-
taken.
Mr. BUTLER. But, sir, there is another
difficulty about all this, and that is, that the
ability to use that power, without using it,
creates in the President or in his appointee
under this bill a patronage and strength which
no party ever yet withstood, and I am afraid
no party ever can withstand. In repealing the
tenure-of-office act you put into the hands of
his appointee the life and death of every rev-
enue officer in every district of the United
States, and from that hour that revenue officer
becomes, not the servant of the people, but
the bond servant of the President of the Uni-
ted States. I trust we shall not do that thing.
It seems to me to be an unwise, a strange con-
clusion. I cannot vote for any act where I
can see that we are evading a provision of the
Constitution, or apparently attempting to
evade it.
I hope this section will be stricken out. The
objection is made that if that is done we will
not leave the power anywhere to make these
appointments, we will leave the officers just
where they are now, in the hands of the Senate,
with whatever negative power they may have
left to themselves. If they have none left, then
we are no worse off' than we will be under this
bill. If they have any left, then we will have so
much in our favor by keeping the matter where
it is- now.
Mr. SCIIENCK. If gentlemen wish to aid in
perfecting this bill, and do not desire to destroy
it, if *they are satisfied to reserve certain fea-
tures of the present existing system instead of
adopting the system which has been proposed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to secure
the faithful collection of the revenue, then, I
ask, why do they not propose some amend-
ment to accomplish that purpose ?
I have already fully explained that when the
Committee of Ways and Means had their atten-
tion called to this matter they felt that there
must be some security given beyond what wc
have now for obtaining good officers to collect
the revenue. Oneidea was that perhaps it would
be well to require the confirmation by the Sen-
ate of all the subordinate officers as well as the
assessors and collectors. But when we con-
sidered how that plan bad failed, as a general
thing, to give us good assessors and collectors,
we did not feel like extending such cumbrous
machinery, especially as the Senate were in the
habit of retaining appointments for months and
months without acting upon them.
Another system was to adopt the principle
of the bill proposed by the gentleman from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Jexckes,] the civil-ser-
vice bill. But we did not see how we could
incorporate that with all its machinery in one
special department. But no one more than
I would hail with satisfaction the passage of
that bill as a general system. If it were
passed it would relieve us from all the difficul-
ties in which we now seem to be involved
here. But if that was not adopted, what then
remained? Why, as I explained in the com-
mencement of the discussion of this bill, a
system of appointment which should concen-
trate the power and responsibility in one head,
who should be held accountable to the coun-
try. If gentlemen desire that the present con-
dition of things shall be continued, so far as
assessors and collectors are concerned, and
that they shall be confirmed by the Senate, but
are willing that other appointments shall be
made by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-.
enue, then let them say so, and say it a little'
more distinctly than the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Judd] says it by his amendment.
Let them provide not only who shall appoint
the assistant assessors, deputy collectors, and
other officers, but also who shall appoint the
assessors and collectors.
The Committee of Ways and Means have
proposed a system substituting another plan
for the present plan under existing law. But
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
unless it is made to go further than he now
proposes, would leave these officers without
any provision whatever.
I have before adverted to the inconsistency
of these gentlemen. They say there are four
hundred and eighty assessors and collectors;
and a great outcry is made by gentlemen against
this new and horrible departure from the old
and settled condition of things, by which we
propose to lodge in the head of a department
the power to appoint these various officers.
Why say assessors and collectors only? Why
not go further and not only stick to the olil
system but extend it?
There are revenue agents, revenue inspect-
ors, special agents, three hundred and thirty-
two of them, with larger powers than any col-
lector or assessor possesses. Yet they are all
now appointed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, without the intervention of the Senate.
Then there are the assistant assessors and col-
lectors, inspectors of spirits, inspectors of
tobacco, inspectors of coal oil, &c., forty-
three hundred and thirty-two in number, mak-
ing in all forty-six hundred and seventy-one
officers appointed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, without the voice of the Senate.
The Secretary of the Treasury holds his office
from the President, and whether Mr. Rollins
be continued, or some other person appointed
at the head of the department of internal rev-
enue, if yon create such a department, he can
do no more than hold his offiee from the Presi-
dent. Where, then, is the distinction about
