1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
357
40tii Cong....2b Sess.
Contested Election—Mr. Delano.
rfo. OF Khps.
posterous state of national sovereignty thatcan define
by general law what kind of faith, allegiance, and
duties done shall alone admit one to become a citi-
zen and to demand hi&Government's protection, and
yet that Government be utterly powerless to declare
by similar law that the citizenship had ceased when
all the duties of citizenship weie utterly discarded
and incorrigible treason was put in their place.
"The United States.
"I now assert that this very power in question, of
withdrawing and withholding either some or all of
the rights of citizenship from them who renounce
their allegiance, has been exercised by your Govern-
ment ever since it was in existence, and by the States
before it was a Government. There was not a State
in which during the war of the Revolution laws were
notpassed forfeiting rights of citizenshipof them who
adhered to the enemies of the country. Thcdat.es
and titles of these acts will be found in 1 American
State Papers, page 198, I cannot here refer to more
than one or two, which will give a just idea of the
character and legal effect of all.
" Two years after the treaty of peace of1783, Georgia
and South Carolina passed laws forever disfranchis-
ing them who had made war against the United States;
and Sir George Hammond, the British minister, in
his elaborate debate with Mr. Jefferson as to these
laws disfranchising and impoverishing these rebels,
shows that these laws were in force in a majority of
the States ten years after that treaty, and long affer
the adoption of our present Constitution. In 1787,
Massachusetts passed a law which, for three years,
excluded from voting,holdingoffice, teachingschool,
and keeping hotel, all citizens of Massachusetts who
had the year before engaged in the insignificant rebel-
lion against Massachusetts which was headed by Dan-
iel Shays. Those who had fired on or had wounded
any citizen was forever dcpiived of citizenship, as
wa« Sha.vs and hi1? principal officers. Afterward some
of theiu who had fired upon citizens were permitted
to recover their citizenship by proving penitencc
and loyally, and by taking an oath of allegiance,
"Mi. IIalk. Did not every one of those laws to
which the gentleman has referred involve thetnal,
conviction, and sentence of the persons thus dis-
franchised before a court of competent jurisdiction ?
"Mr. Shkllabarger. I answer the gentleman,
no, sir. JJesides, the gentleman will find that oneot
our naturalization laws, thalof 29rh March,1700, was
repealed, m part, because it excluded from citizen-
ship only those 'proscribed' by the State laws, and
did not include, in teimsatlea.-t,those 'legally con-
victed.' And the lopealing act of 29th Juuuaiy,
1785, added to those proscribed the other class of
them convieted. making the clause vend: ' iNo per-
son heietofore prosaiUed by any State, or who has
been legally convicted of having joined thearmy of
Great Britain,' k.c. bo the law of 1802, now inioice,
is. So that either and both classes, the pjoseribcd
and the convicted, are excluded from American citi-
zenship,
" Now, then, I go on with my argument; and the
gentleman will see as I proceed liow unimportant are
the suggestions lie makes.
" The power of these States to pass these laws for-
feiting the right to vote, and these other rights, was,
I believe, never disputed in this discussion with Mr.
Jeticrson by theBritish Government. Many of these
laws were long after the treaty. By both the British
and American interpretation of that treaty they who
weie in the United States a tits date, rmd who adhered
to our Government, thereby became citizens of the
United States. These acts of the State Legislatures,
especially that touching Shay's lebellion, turned
them into disfranchised men who never adhered to
any foreign Government, never were out of the Uni-
ted States, and who, but for these laws, would have
been cmzons ofthe United States. A nd j et some of
these laws, without any trial or conviction, toiever
disfranchised them. Some of these laws punished
particular individuals by name foi spectfiedofienses.
These wcie acts of attainder or of pains and penal-
ties, and such the United States may not now, owing
to an expre?sconstitutionalprovision,pass. Butsucli
a provided generallyforfoiieitmg citizenship whei c
men had renounced their allegiance, were not bills
of attainder, are not prohibited by our Constitution,
and are a most ordinary and just exerciscof asover-
eign power which was and is conceded by all our his-
tory to have been possessed by every one of the Colo-
nies. And shall it be endured now, that this great
nation shall hold less power ovemational allegiance
when it is voluntarily di^cardod by a traitor than
these Colonies had V
"The obligations of citizenship are as old as the
Government; as old as any Government. Theyaiise
not at all out of any criminal law. Their violation
is a violation of civil and political obligations, and
woiks a forfeiture of the right to demand national
protection and rights, as well where there is no law
defining or punishing the acl, either as treason or as
anv other crime; and also as well where the act ot
forfeiture is no defined crime (such as abandoning
country to avoid defending it) as where it is treason.
When, through Mr. Webster, this Government with-
held from Thresher the lights of an American citizen
to demand the Government's protection, and thus
forfeited the highest rights ot the citizen, the Gov-
ei omcnt did not thereby impose new or export facto
punishment, because thatno law existed prohibiting
the acts (which worked the forfeiture) of going
abroad and engaging in the Lopez expedition. Or
course thc-e foileituie^ by net <_d law ought never
bo resorted to except where Ihe, abjuration of allegi-
ance is open and notorious ; and then should not be
extended to forfeiture oi property, but only, as in
Thresher's case, to withholding political power and
protection.
"But, sir. I go on. From the day of its birth to
this hour your Government has by acts of Congress
both asserted and exercised this identical power for
which I argue. These acts bear date respectively
April 14,3802,ttJiJid March 29,1790, and were signed by
Washington and Jefferson, These acts all expressly
provide that no person proscribed by any of these
State laws to which I have alluded shall over be
admitted to become citizens of the United States
without the assent of the States."
The power of Congress to enact this law
may be further enforced by reference to the
arguments of members during the pcndency
of the bill. Senator Johnson said " it vested
not upon past neglect of duty, but required
also future dereliction and disobedience."
In regard to the necessity of previous con-
viction, a careful analysis ofthe act under con-
sideration will show that it does not, in any legal
or technical sense inflict or pretend to inflict a
penalty.
It provides that "in addition to the lawful
penalties for the crime of desertion,1' certain
persons therein described shall be deemed and
taken to have voluntarily relinquished and for-
feited their rights of citizenship and their right
to become citizens; and such deserters shall
forever be incapable of holdihg any office of
trust or profit under the United States, or of
exercising any rights of citizens.
1 think I have already established by author-
ity, as well as argument, that obedience and
fidelity to the Government are the price paid
for the privileges of citizenship ; and these two
are correlative, binding the citizen and the
Government together, constituting what Black-
atone calls the *' ligament" of Union,
Those same authorities show that when
either party breaks this bond, or severs the
'•ligament," both partiesare discharged. The
obligation and contract are thereby annulled,
and the philosophy ot government, as well as
all law and logic, seems to me to make this
so clear that it is beyond controversy. For
example, no one in the United States denies,
or even doubts the right of expatriation. This
acknowledged, allows the citizen voluntarily
to renounce his allegiance and surrender the
privileges and immunities of citizenship ; and
when he does this and the fact can be proved
will anybody be found bold enough to claim
that he is still entitled to these privileges until
he shall be tried and convicted?
It is hardly necessary to prolong argument
on this point. The records of our diplomacy
furnish numerous and complete evidence of its
accuracy. 1 cannot omit, however, to xefer
to an opinion of Judge Black when Attorney
General, dated Augu&t 17, 1867. Wheaton,
page 92-1, wherein he says:
"Theic is no statute or other law of the United
States v. Inch prevents either a native or naturalized
citizen fiom severing hi? politic:* 1 connection with
this Government, if he sees proper to do so in time
gJ peace.'' 5 ' ' "There is no mode
of lcnunciation prescribed. In my opinion, if he
emigrates, fairies his lanulynnd effects with him,
Ac., this would imply a dissolution of his previous
relations with the United States."
I return to the question. Cannot Congress
aeceptthese acts ot renunciation, and say, when
dutv and obedience are xefused. and that, too,
under the flagrant and criminal circumstances
which constitute desertion and high crime, that
protection and the rights of citizenship shall
cease ? To deny this doctrine or to abandon
this policy seems to me to be monstrously
absurd.
Let it be supposed that one of these deserters,
having located among a congenial community,
is elected to a seat in the House of Represent-
atives. The evidence of desertion is "clear,
proven by iiie records of the War Office, by
witnesses acquainted with the fact, perhaps by
his own admissions, as in this case, in many
instances. Yon tell him that seven years7 citizen-
ship of the United States are required to make
him eligible, by article one, section two ofthe
Constitution ofthe United States. He demands
his seat, but you doubt. He urges that he has
not been convicted. You answer it is true,
and therefore you have not been and cannot be
punished foryourcrime butthelawdeclaresthat
for certain acts, punishable by penalties, after
conviction, yon shall, moreover, lshe deemed
and taken to have voluntarily relinquished and
forfeited your rights of citizenship and beinca-
pable of holding office
l* We find you clearly guilty of these acts ;
you are not a citizen, having renounced .and
forfeited that condition. "We cannot punish
you peually; that is left to the courts after
conviction j but in the face of the law and the
facts we cannot pronounce a judicial false-
hood in your favor, declaring that you are to
be regarded as a citizen of the United States9
and that as such, entitled to be a member of
the House."
The question of citizenship, then, you would
try—not by the record, but in pais. And this
is the same question, in principle, as that in-
volved in this controversy. Therefore, 1 claim
that it is for the judges of elections to decide as
to the right of voting under this law as you
may decide on the qualifications for holding
the seat. Hence, if such evidence is brought
as to these deserters as would have justified
the judges of elections in rejecting their votes,
and that evidence is not refuted nor overcome
by the sitting member, then all such votes
should be. ought to be, and I trust will be,
excluded and set aside.
The House is the sole judge of the elections,
qualifications, and returns of its members. It
is bound by no State adjudications, but may
be advised by them as by argument, not as
authority. It. cannot admit a disqualified
member nor count the votes of disqualified
constituents, transient or permanent, and of
these it is the sole judge.
1 shall now attempt to show that this was
the construction of this law by the Congress
that passed it, and I will do this in the most
explicit manner by the contemporaneous de-
bate. by motions to amend, and by the votes on
puch motions, and on the final passage of the
bin.
While the bill was under consideration in
the House it was objected that no tribunal
was provided for frying the question of deser-
tion, and this objection led to the following
debate:
"Mr. Ivkrxax. I do not understand how that is
to be decided, or what tribunal is to decide it.
"Mr. Wilson. 1 do not suppose that there is any
tribunal piovided m the section for determining it:
but I can suggest one way for determining it. If one
of these persons should return, and should attempt
to exercise the lights of a citizen, and he should be
prevented from the exercise of those rights, then ho
can bring the ciuestion into the civil courts tor determ-
ination.
" Mr. Mallory. Will the gentleman agree to an
amendment so as to make the section apply only to
persons convicted of having done this?
" Mr. Wilson. That, follows, as a matter of course,
that a man shall not be deprived of his rights until
he is convicted of the offense. He may be prevented
from voting by challenge, and then he has the right
to }io to the court? to have the question decided.
"Mr. Mallory. Many a man is punished now
and convicted afterward.
" Mr. Wilson, This will place him exactly in the
same condition, as to the right of suffrage, as an
alien, a person of foreign birth, presenting a vote.
Hi? vote may be challenged on the ground that ho is
not naturalized, and the judges of election ma 3 refuse
his vote. lie then has his remedy against, the judges
of election; so would a man under this section.''
* Y * •> * i* * *
" Mr. Johnson, of Pennsylvania. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Iowa whether he will consent to
an amendment inserting after the woid 'section/
in the seventy-seventh line, the words 4 upon con-
viction before a couit of competent jurisdiction ?'
"Mr. Wilson. 1 should not vote foi it, hut it is
with the House to determine. I cannot, certainly,
accept it.
" Mr. Johnson, of Pennsylvania. Then X will oner
the amendment if it is in order. 7J ,
"The Speaker. Tbe amendment would not be
germane to the amendment of the gentleman irom
" Mr. Schf.xck. Mr. Speaker, I move to close the
debate on this section. , . .. .
" The motion was agreed to; there being, on aaivis-
sion—ayes 71, noes 43.
" The question recurred upon the amendment of
Mr. Wilson; which was agreed to.
