m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
my motion was in season.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] says that the
precedents are the other way.
Mr. BLAINE. I beg pardon; I say they
are in favor of the Speaker's decision.
s. c. lyford.
Mr. PILE introduced a bill (H. R. No. 391)
relieving S. C. Lyford, of the ordnance depart-
ment United States Army, from responsibility
for money lost in the Government mail; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
revenue officers.
Mr. ANDERSON introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 148) in relation to certain offi-
cers of the revenue; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
post routes in michigan.
Mr. DRIGGS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
392) to establish post routes from Saginaw to
St. Louis, and from Isabella to Midland, in
the State of Michigan : which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
repair of fortifications.
Mr. DRIGGS also introduced a bill (H. R. |
No. 393) defining the act making appropria- ■
tions for the repair, &c., of certain lortifica- |
tions, approved March 2, 1862; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
little rock island.
Mr. PRICE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
394) confirming title to Little Rock Island, in
the Mississippi river; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
rachel floyd.
Mr. PRICE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 395) granting a pension to Rachel Floyd,
widow of Joseph Floyd, late private in com-
pany B twentieth Iowa volunteer infantry;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
samuel tibbetts.
Mr. LOTJGHRIDGE introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 396) for the relief of Samuel Tibbetts ;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
franking privilege.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE also introduced a bill
(II- R. No. 397) regulating the use of the frank-
ing privilege; which was read a first and second
tima, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
william b. looney.
Mr. DODGE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
398) granting a pension to William B. Looney ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
david a. miller.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 399) for the relief of David A. Miller;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
bridge across missouri river.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 400) authorizing tlfe construction
of a bridge across the Missouri river upon the
military reservation at Fort Leavenworth, and
to provide for the reductioh of said reserva-
tion ;• which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
settlers on osage indian lands.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also introduced a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 149) for the relief
of the settlers on the Osage Indian lands in
Kansas; which was read a first and second I
time, referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
railroad at fort leavenworth.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also introduced a
joint resolution (H. II. No. 150) authorizing
the Leavenworth and Northwestern Railroad
Company' and the Leavenworth and Des
Moines Railroad Company to construct their
roads through the military reservation at Fort
Leavenworth; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
john wiiiteford.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 401) for the relief of John
Whiteford, late captain in the first regiment of
Arkansas infantry; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
charles butterfield.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 402) for the relief of Charles
Butterfield, a Chippewa half-breed Indian;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
citizenship in new mexico.
Mr. CLEVER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
403) to extend the right of citizenship to cer-
tain Mexican citizens residing in New Mexico ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Territories.
military supplies for new mexico, etc.
Mr. CLEVER also introduced a bill (H. R.
I No. 404) to facilitate and cheapen the transport-
j ation of military supplies in Kansas, Colorado,
and New Mexico; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
library of new mexico.
Mr. CLEVER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 405) to increase and improve the territo-
rial library of New Mexico; which was read a
firet and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories.
united states supplies in new mexico.
Mr. CLEVER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 406) to facilitate the transportation of Uni-
ted States supplies and prevent the loss of Uni-
ted States property in New Mexico; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
santa fe, new mexico.
Mr. CLEVER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 407) for the repair, preservation, andjrim-
provement of the ''old palace building^ in
Santa F6, New Mexico; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Territories.
land-grant railroad.
Mr. HOLBROOK introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 408) granting aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Union
Pacific railroad to Idaho, Portland, (Oregon,)
Montana, and Puget's sound ; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. HOLBROOK. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to amend that motion,
so that the bill be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, where it properly belongs.
Mr. PRICE. Why does it belong to that
committee ?
The SPEAKER. The motion is not subject
to debate.
Mr. PRICE. No.
The SPEAKER. Bills must be referred at
this time without debate.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Julian; and upon a division there
were—ayes 39, noes 42 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. JULIAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holbrook
and Mr. Julian were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 61, noes 44.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The motion, as amended, was then agreed to,
and the bill was accordingly referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOLBROOK. I move that the bill be
printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
joel ii. lucia.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 409) for the relief of Joel H. Lucia;
which was read a first and second time, and
| referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
friend a. brainard.
i Mr. WOODBRIDGE also introduced a bill
; (H. R. No. 410) for the relief of Friend A.
J Brainard; which was read a first and second
j time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
| almira wyeth.
i Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced
a bill (H. 14. No. 411) for the relief of Almira
Wyeth; which was read a first and second
J time, and referred to the Committee on In-
! valid Pensions.
j john m'manus.
| Mr. VAN AERNAM introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 412) for the relief of John McManus,
of Chautauqua county, New York; which was
! read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
of the War of 1812.
compensation of first comptroller.
Mr. WELKER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
i 413) to fix the compensation erf the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the joint Com-
mittee on Retrenchment.
marriages in district of columbia.
Mr. WELKER also introduce./ a bill (H. R.
No. 414) to preserve the evidence of marriages
in the District of Columbia ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
claim of charles j. davis.
Mr. MOORE introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 151) to refer the claim of Charles
J. Davis, administrator of the estate of John
Davis, to the Court of Claims; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
contracts with the united states.
_ Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 415) in relation to contracts
with the United States; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
samuel naylor.
Mr. MORRELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No 416) for-the relief of Samuel Naylor;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
james fleming.
Mr. SC0FIELD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 417) for the relief of James Fleming, a
soldier of the war of 1812; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions and of the
War of 1812.
railroad routes.
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 152) providing for the sur-
vey of one or more railroad routes; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
corporation of washington, etc.
Mr. INGERSOLL also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 418) to amend the charter of the cor-
poration of Washington and Georgetown, in
the District of Columbia; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
