358
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 15^
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Golladay.
40th Cong 2d Sess.
" Mr. Johnson;, of Pcnn.sylv.inia. X move to amend
by inserting alter the word 'ordered,' in the six-
teenth line, the following words :
" ' Shalt be (Itemed guitty of a mhdemennor, and, on
conviction thereof by any court of competent jtiiiedic-
tion.'
" On agreeing to the amendment there were, on a
division—ayes 53, noes 59.
■'Mr. Johnson, of Pennsylvania, demanded the
yeas and nays; and being ordered, resulted—yean
nixty-three, nays eighty-two. thirty-seven not voting.
" So the amendment was rejected."
The proof produced in support of this con-
test. would be sufficient before a military or
civil tribunal, if unrebutted, to convict the
persons whose votes I seek to reject of the
crime of desertion.
This proof is unrebutted here, and hence
these parties stand in this case proven to have
renounced and forfeited their United States
citizenship.
Would these facts, here established, have
justified the judges of elections in rejecting
their voles? if so, their votes are illegal and
must be rejected here. There is no more diffi-
culty in trying this question before election
judges than there is in trying the question of
residence or alienage or race. The records of
the Army, such as here produced, with proof
of identity before a court, established the guilt
of a deserter until rebutted or explained. It
is remarkably singular that proof sufficient to
convict of high crime is not sufficient to show
that a citizen lias so behaved as to lose his right
to vote or hold office.
Make conviction necessary before citizen-
ship is lost, and the whole object and aim of
the law will be defeated. The object of the
law was to recruit the armies, to prevent their
depletion, and to prevent, those who abandoned
the Government during the war from exercising
any influence or control in the use of the elect-
ive franchise.
As I understand it, the Legislature of Penn-
sylvania and the courts of that State have vir-
tually sustained the construction of this law
fur which I now contend. First. I am told
that some court of that State divided three to
two, in opinion, held that a conviction was
necessary before the right to vote expired. This
led to an act of the Legislature declaring con-
viction to be unnecessary, and providing that
the official Army records, such as are here pro-
duced, should be evidenceof the loss of citizen-
ship. Aetingon thislaw, some election judges
have refused the votes of deserters on such
evidence. Having been sued for so doing, they
were justified and sustained by the lower courts
and that decision having been taken up was
sustained by the courts above. Thus I am
informed. Here, then, is found the Legislature
of Pennsylvania interpreting this law, and such
interpretation the courts have sustained, and
that interpretation is, and those decisions aie,
that, conviction is unnecessary.
This is precisely the interpretation which I
ask Congress to give the law, and I submit this
question: " Does it require additional legisla-
tion to enable Congress to give such inter-
pretation?"
It is then, after all, a question of construc-
tion as to what did Congress mean and what
has Congress done; and on this question the
Pennsylvania Legislature and the courts have
decided that conviction is not. required, and
this decision accords with the plain and mani-
fest intention of Congress when the law was
passed, as well as the grammatical construc-
tion of the law itself.
I thus arrive by my argument at the follow-
ing conclusions:
I. The light to create and take away citi-
zenship is vested in Congress, and Congress
has the right in all the plenitude of power
which the States had over the subject prior to
the adoption of the Constitution.
II. The States have no right to confer the
elective franchise on persons who are not citi-
zens of the United States, because thereby fcfaey
might place the control of the States and finally
of the nation in the hands of aliens, deserters,
and enemies hostile to the nation, and not even
possessed of the right of petition.
III. States may limit the elective franchise
among citizens: as where by constitution it is
limited to white citizens, or wheW it is taken
from persons convicted of crime,-when the
State constitution provides for and authorizes
such legislative limitations and restrictions.
IV. in the case before us, the Ohio consti-
tution requires United States citizenship as one
qualification to vote, and thus recognizes the
power of the nation orer citizenship.
Then, if the law under consideration right-
fully deprives deserters of United States citi-
zenship, deserters were not legal voters in
Ohio.
V. Citizenship rests upon a contract or bond
between the Government and the citizen, by
which, for fidelity and obedience to law oil the
part of the citizen, the Government renders
protection and gives immunities and privileges.
VI. When the citizen fails to comply with
this agreement and perform his obligation, the
Government may refuse to give protection and
the privileges and immunities of citizenship,
and accept the renunciation of the citizen, and
this act of the Government is not in any sense
an ex post facto law, or & penal law.
VII. The delinquent having thus lost his
rightof citizenship in the Uniied States, is not
entitled to the elective franchise in Ohio. And
when he offers to vole the judges of election
have the right and power, and it is their duty,
to inquire whether he is a citizen or not, just
as they may inquire whether he is a resident
or minor or alien or of a race of men that is
disqualified.
VIII. No previous conviction is required,
either in terms or by fair implication, in the
act of Congress under consideration.
The penalties for desertion are all left to be
inflicted by courts, civil or military, after con-
viction. And the right of voting is simply
withheld because the deserter has refused obe-
dience to the Government, when obedience
wasnecessary to defend and protect the nation,
and thus and thereby has renounced and for-
feited citizenship.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. J. S. GOLLADAY,
os kentucky,
In the House of Representatives,
June 15, 1808,
In reply to Hon. IIokach Maynakd on the reeon-
slruetion of Tennessee.
Mr. GOLLADAY. Mr. Speaker, I have
sought the floor on this occasion to introduce
a few thoughts suggested by the speech of I he
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. JIayxard,]
which was delivered upon this floor on the 12th
of December last, in vindication of the State
government of Tennessee. The length of time
that has intervened since that date might to the
superficial observer seem to preclude any reply
at my hands. In consideration of the fact that
both Houses of Congress are represented upon
this floor by an accredited delegation it will be
claimed, perhaps, by some as an act of super-
erogation for practical purposes ; but in justice
to truth and history, as in itself worthy of con-
sideration, and the fact that I first saw the light
in that once grand old State, that in youth I
sported upon her friendly soil with my child-
hood's companions, and thatin manhood I have
traveled all over her length and breadth in far
happier days, at least to her, when peace and
plenty smiled upon her now desolate popula-
tion, and her people were free, not only in
name, but in fact; and in view of the further
fact that she has no Representative in this Hall
who dare now rise in his place and truly speak
in her name and vindicate her outraged char-
acter from the unjust aspersions which have
been so wantonly and cruelly heaped upon her
true citizens, I feel myself impelled by a love
of the land of my nativity, by the respect for
all the kindly associations and memories of
other days, to strike one lick for " Faderland,"
and make some humble effort to place her
grievances upon the records of this Congress,
that in the hereafter some gifted son of hers,
now struggling beneath the wave oftyranny and
oppressive proscription which pervades her
land, shall rise here in our midst, and in burn-
ing tones of eloquence and pathos make these
walls ring with the story of her wrongs, aud
point to this my most feeble effort in tribute to
a not ungrateful son.
Mr. Speaker, permit me to say in all kindness,
and with high respect personally for the entire
delegation from Tennessee, thatin my judgment
she has this day no constitutional or legal rep-
resentation on this floor. They do not represent
the sentiments of the people, the honest yeo-
manry of that Commonwealth. They repre-
sent no republican form of State government.
They only represent a form of government
established there by the chance of war, and
sustained to-day alone by military power and
oppression, neither republican in form or in
spirit. Under the government which exists
there to-day her laws are not made by the
representatives of her people. Her constitu-
tion was not framed by her people.
My friend, the honorable gentleman before
alluded to, who so ably misrepresents that
people, and each and every one of his colleagues,
in my judgment, are here against aud not by
the voice of her people. It is due to them to
say that they stand alone on this floor in their
glory, if such it be, as being chosen by the
newly made characters now euphoniously
sty'ed freedmen voters, while the men of means
and enterprise, of morality, intelligence, vir-
tue, of theirown color, are wholly disfranchised
and valued chiefly because they pay in taxes
by their sweat and labor the expenses of this
new government machinery, not forgetting
the salaries imposed upon them by the votes
of their manumitted slaves, and a few native
whites, and quite a sprinkle of transient gen-
tlemen who, like our celebrated Micawber, are
onlv there " waiting for something to turn up."
My honorable friend [Mr. Maynard] in his
speech stated that he rose to vindicate the
State government of Tennessee. As he repre-
sents not the people of his district, but the
partisans of the State government—as he. I
hope ironically, calls it—it is eminently right
and proper that he should have done so.
The father should always recognize his off-
spring. and great is the ingratitude of the child
which honors not the author of its being, even
though the creative act was consummated by
violence and the result the birth of a monstros-
ity. The gentleman's published speech (see
Globe, December 13, 1867) contains this aston-
ishing declaration:
" In examining the charges negatively it is well to
remark that no eomptaint is made of any social or
civil rights violated, of any person, of whatever
opinion, condition, or color, unprotected ill life, lib-
erty, person, reputation, property, or im-inoss: of
any crime unpunished, or ot any individual wrong
unredressed. It is a ?igmficant fact that with respect
to these primarv and fundamental officers of govern-
ment it is not alleged that the laws are not impar-
tially made and impartially administered."
I am unwilling to permit this declaration to
remain without a most emphatic denial, and
in the name of thousands ot brave and gallant
men and heroic women I enter an earnest pro-
test against it.
The gentleman, no doubt, is pleased with
the labor of himself and friends, for his pres-
ence here to-day as a member of this i.ody is
one of the practical results that have fcllowad
it, and if his roseate picture was true to faet
either in outline, detail, or perspective, right
well would lie merit his place, for such a laborer
well earns his hire.
How pleasant the gentleman's description
of the workings of his State government,-and
