2882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
Mr. HARDING. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Blaine, as
Speaker pro tempore, having taken the chair,
Mr. Pomerot reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1060) to reduce into
one act and to amend the laws relating to inter-
nal taxes, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that when the
House again resolves itself into the Committee
of the Whole the debate on the sixth section
of the bill and the pending amendments thereto
be terminated in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and resume the considera-
tion of the internal tax bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Pomeroy in the chair,) and resumed the con
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 1060) to reduce into one act and
to amend the laws relating to internal taxes.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend the section
by striking out the words " collectors, asssess-
ors;" so that it will read:
That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall
have power to appoint and remove all assistant
assessors, supervisor of internal revenue, inspect-
ors, gaugers, storekeepers, and other officers, &c.
Mr. HARDING. Will the gentleman an-
swer me a question?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. HARDING. Whether that section is
made for the purpose of retaining the present
arrangement in reference to the collector at
Peoria, Illinois?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Perhaps you had bet-
ter address yourself to me.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ixgersoll] is not in order.
Mr. LOGAN. I offer this amendment for
the purpose of answering one or two remarks
that have been made in reference to this par-
ticular section. I agree that the head of a
Department is an officer appointed by the
President of the United States. Nor will this
provision take that appointment out of the
hands of the President. That I understand
to be a constitutional right. I so said yester-
day, that this did not take the appointment
from the President, nor can it.
Well, sir, believing that that objection that
we are legislating a man into office when we
have no power is obviated, what, then, is the it
objection? Is it that we are legislating a man I
out of office? That ought not to be an objec- 1
tion, inasmuch as the President has the power
to day to send the name of somebody else to
the Senate for confirmation. And in a political
point of view—for I always speak plainly—if
it is in^a political point of view that gentlemen
are taliiing, then I say for one I would rather
to-day the Opposition had the head of this
department than for us to have it. And why ?
Because then the whole responsibility would
be upon them, as it is now, except that they
deny it and attempt to make us shoulder a part
of it inasmuch as the Commissioner is of our
political beiaef. I have as high a regard for
Commissioner Rollins as has any man in this
House, but, sir, in that position he is a mere
man of straw and has no power whatever
except to break the fall of the Democracy in
reference to the swindles and frauds perpe-
trated by the men who are assessors and col-
lectors of internal revenue in this country.
Hence, so far as I am concerned, I do not care
who they put there. They cannot put any man
there who will collect less revenue, I am sure,
because the President has the power to clog
all the authority that Mr. Rollins has, and
between him and the Secretary of the Treasury
they have done it so that the revenue is not
collected. How, in God's name, could you
make it any worse by appointing anybody else?
Hence, I conceive that there is no argument
in that position, and I am not so great a friend
to any man in the United States that I would
insist on his retaining an office to the detriment
of the country when it is impossible for him to
collect the revenues of the country ; nor ought
Mr. Rollins to fail in patriotism when he finds
that he cannot do it, and to remain there so
that he may break the force of the fall of these
other gentlemen.
I have been impelled to say these things
because of the opposition that is made to this
bill; and the tiue reason for the opposition I
do not believe has leaked out. It is, in my
judgment, a determination that no legislation
shall pass in reference to the revenues of this
country. Now, I say the country demands
legislation in reference to our revenue. What
good does Mr. Rollins do us, when I know and
every man here knows that this man, who is
now in confinement for contempt of this House,
appointed or had appointed the most import-
ant officer in the revenue service in one of the
principal districts in the United States—an
officer having power over five States of this
Union to make seizures and to release prop-
erty? That I know to be so; and they have
a key by which they telegraph between one
another, and keep up their communications, so
as to swindle this country. That I also know.
Now, what good dues Mr. Rollins do us if this
man and others like him can go and make
appointments through the Secretary of the
Treasury and the President, so as to rob the
country of its revenues? I ask you what ben-
efit Mr. Rollins is to the country or to us in a
party point of view?
Then, sir, I say if the President wants to
appoint somebody else to this office let him do
it if the Senate will confirm the man he may
appoint. I presume the Senate will not eon-
firm any man to this office unless they think
him honest. Let the Senate and the President
fight it out if he wants to appoint somebody
else. If he desires to retain Mr. Rollins,
God knows I would be glad to have him do it
if you will give Mr. Rollins the power.
Then further, I ask gentlemen, so far as their
constitutional arguments are concerned, are
not the inspectors of the revenue department
appointed without the advice and consent of
the Senate? If so, I ask why may not the
collectors and assessors also be appointed with-
out the advice and consent of the Senate?
They are not officers of such a character that
the Senate must necessarily consent to their
appointment. They are no more so really than
the inspectors, except that under the old law
they are made confirmable by the Senate.
That is the whole distinction there is. It is
by statute only that they are required to be
confirmed by the Senate, and when you repeal
that statute they are so no more than any other
officers of the revenue.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate has terminated upon the pending
section and all amendments thereto.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Ixcersoll, to so modify the section
that it would read as follows :
That, the President shall have power to appoint and
remove, by and with the advice and consent of the
Sen ate, and no t otherwise, ail assessors and collectors;
and the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall have
the sole power to appoint and remove all assistant
assessors, supervisors of internal revenue, inspectors,
gaug-ers, stoiekeepers, and other officers and clerks
provided i'or in this act, who shall severally give bond
for the faithful performance of their duties, as may
be required by law.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayestwenty-five, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Garfield, to strike out the section as
amended.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes seventy-six.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. SCHENCK called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. SciiEXOKand
Mr. Wood were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the.tellers
reported that there were—ayes 0-i, noes 43.
So the motion to strike out was agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 7. And be it fui ther enacted, That there shall
be In each United States judicial district one officcr,
to be called a supervisor of internal revenue, whoso
duty it shall be to reside in such district and keep
his office at some convenient place therein to be des-
ignated by the Commissioner, and who shall receive,
in compensation for his services, such salary as the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue may deem just
and reasonable, not exceeding $3,000 perannum. and
shall be paid his neceasaiy traveling expenses when
absent from his office on official business. It shall
be the dutv of every si;peri isor of internal revenue,
under the direction of the Commissioner, to sec that
all laws and legulations relating to tne collection of
internal taxes arc faithtully executed and complied
with; to aid in the pievention, detection, and pun-
ishment of any iraiuls upon the revenue, and to
examine into the efficiency and conduct of all offi-
ce] s of internal revenue within his district; and lor
such purposes he shall have power to examine all
persons, books, papeis, accounts, and premises, and
to administer oaths and to summon any person to
producc books and papers, or to appear and testify
under oath before him. and to compel a compliance
with such summons in the same manner us assessors
may do. It shall be the duty of every supervisor of
internal revenue to leport in writing to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue any neglect of duty,
incompetency, delinquency, or malfeasance in office
of any internal revenue officer within his district,
of which he may obtain knowledge, with a state-
ment of ail the facts in each case, and any evidence
sustaining the same: and he shall have power to
transfer any inspector, gauger, or storekeeper from
one distilleiy or other place of duty lo anolhcr, or
from one collection district to another, within his
district; and may, by notice in writmg.suspend from
duty any such inspector, gauger. or storekeeper, and
in case of suspension shall immediately uotity the
collector of the proper district and the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, and within three days thereaf-
ter msike_report ot his aciion, and his reasons there-
for, in writing, to said Commissioner, who shall there-
upon take such further action in the case as he may
deem proper.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to
amend this section by striking out the words
"and he shall have power to transfer any
inspector, ganger, or storekeeper ftvun one
distillery or other place of duty to another, or
from one collection district to another, within
his district; and may, by notice in writing,
suspend from duty any such inspector;" and
insert in lieu thereof the words, "and he may,
by notice in writing, suspend from duty any;"
so that portion of the section will read :
And he may, by notice in writing, suspend from
daty any gauger or storekeeper, and, in case of sus-
pension. shall immediately notify the collector of the
proper district and the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and,  s hiu three days thereafter, make
report ot his action and his reasons therefor, in
writing, to said Commissioner, who shall thereupon
take such further action in the case as he may deem
proper.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK, I am also instructed to
move to add to the section the following:
Provided, That where, in the opinion of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, the number of col-
lection districts in any judicial district does not
require the services ui sepaiaie supervisors lie may
unite two or moie judicial districts under one super*
visor.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. SCHENCK. I am also instructed to
insert the word "such" before the word "sus-
pension,'' in the clause ''and in case of sus-
pension shall immediately notify the collector
of the proper district,'' &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. An amendment has just
been adopted, on motion of I he chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Mians, providing
that two or more judicial districts may be
united under one supervisor. I suppose by
"judicial district" the gentleman mean3 a
United States judicial district?
