1858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
the gentleman from Kentucky will consent to
that arrangem&nt. He will still retain his right
to the floor. I would like to have some action
to-day on a hill of a public nature—an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. PIKE. We are a long way ahead of
the Senate with the appropriation bills.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. So we
ought to be.
The SPEAKER. If this bill were post-
poned the Chair, unless some arrangement
were made, would resume the call of commit-
tees for reports. The bill for the admission
of Alabama cannot be taken up till after the
morning hour, unless the morning hour be
waived by the consent of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand that my
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Adams] does not
object to a postponement of the Freedmen's
Bureau bill, provided he shall have, when it
comes up, the same right to the floor that he
now has.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] is aware of the fact
that the Chair cannot entertain conditional
objections.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suppose thatby unan-
imous consent the House could make that
arrangement.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Eliot] stated to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] that he
would be willing after the previous question
had been seconded to yield him a part of his
hour. The gentleman from New York stated
that he objected to being limited as to time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Kentucky has the floor and is entitled to an
hour, and the gentleman from Massachusetts
cannot get the floor unless he sees fit to give
it to him out of his hour.
The SPEAKER. Objection has been made.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then it will go over of
necessity. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts has no right to object if the House de-
sires to postpone this mattter. The gentleman
from Kentucky is willing to defer his speech
until the next morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine objects, and the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. He is willing to go on.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to inquire of the
Chair if this proposition has been made: that
the Fi'eedmen's Bureau bill go over until the
next morning hour, provided the gentleman
from Kentucky is not ready to go on now, and
that the Speaker proceed with the call of com-
mittees?
The SPEAKER. To-morrow will be pri-
vate bill day, and the morning hour is set
apart for reports of a private nature.
Mr. GARFIELD. Let it go over, then,until
the next public morning hour.
Mr. PIKE. I move that it be taken out of
the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. If it be taken out of the
morning hour it will not be again reached for
a month. There are three measures now be-
fore it which must be first disposed of before
it can be reached; the first is, the Alabama
bill; second, the bill in reference to the rights
of adopted citizens, and third, the bill of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] in ref-
erence to the sale of the public lands.
Mr. PIKE. That shows the necessity of
going on with the discussion now.
Mr. ELIOT. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky is ready to go on I will not interfere.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Kentucky will yield to me to
move that this bill be postponed until Tuesday
next.
Mr. ADAMS. I yield to that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move,
then, that its further consideration be post-
poned until Tuesday next, and on that motion
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof'the motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC DILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
report back from the Committee on Appropri-
ations the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 718, making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 80, 1869, and
for other purposes, with the recommendation
of concurrence in some and non-concurrence
in others, and ask that they shall be now con-
sidered in the House as in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
it will be ordered accordingly.
Mr. BROOKS. We reserve all our rights
to object under the rules.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
First amendment of the Senate:
Pa.ge 1, line nine, strike out " New Granada" and
insert "United States of Colombia."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We recom-
mend concurrence. It makes the bill conform
to the name of the country at the present time.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Page 2, line six, strike out "fifty" and insert
"thirty;" so it will read:
1'Vu- contingent expenses of all the missions abroad,
$30,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Strike out the following:
For expenses of intercourse with the Barbary Pow-
ers, $3,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth and fifth amendments:
Page 3, line seventeen, strikeout " G a ay am as," and
page 5, line nine, after "Guayaquil" strike out
" Guayamas."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendments were concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Strike out "and twenty-fivo;" so the paragraph
will road:
v. commercial aoencies.
Schedule O.
Amoor River, Apia, Gaboon, Saint Paul doLoando,
including loss by exchango thereon, $400,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Pago 5, line nineteen, after word " dollars" insert:
And the salary of the consul at Guayamas shall bo
$1,000 per annum.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Strike out the following:
J'rovided, That no consul general, consuls, except
those consuls whoso compensation is by fees, and no
consular agents, or commercial agents, shall bo paid
except those specified in this act, and all laws and
parts of laws providing for the appointment or pay-
ment of any other consular officer* than those in this
act specified, excepting those above specified who
arc paid by fees,'are hereby repealed; and all moneys
received for fees at any viee-eonsulatcs or consular
agencies of the United States, beyond the sum of
$1,000 in any one year, and all moneys received by
any consul or consul general from consular agencius
or vice-consulates in excess of SI.000 in the aggregate
from all such agencics or vice-consulates, shall be
accounted tor and paid into the Treasury of the
United States, and no greater sum than $500 shall be
allowed for the expenses of any vice-consulate or
consular agency.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Page C, after line twenty-two, insert the following:
For the salaries of consuls at Osaca and Jeddo,
Japan, whose salaries are hereby fixed at $3,000 each,
$6,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
Page 7, lines three and four, strike out "$17,000"
and insert "812,500."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Pago 7, strike out lines five and six, as follows;
For expenses under the act to encourage immigra-
tion, $10,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
At the end of the bill add the following section:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the act en-
titled an act to encourage immigration, approved
July 4,1864, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the several votes on the amendments
of the Senate; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illi-
nois, a committee of conference was ordered
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
CALL OF C05I3IITTEES—AGAIN.
The SPEAKER resumed the call of com-
mittees for reports, and having called the Com-
mittee on Coinage, Weigh'ts, and Measures,
Mr. KELLEY said: The Committee on
Coinage, Weights, and Measures, have not been
able to get ready to report. If there is any
committee that would like to exchange with us
I should be glad to do so.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done
by unanimous consent. One exchange has
already been made and one postponement. It
creates some confusion in the business.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I suggest
that the gentleman exchange with the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
that will be agreed to, because the postpone-
ment of the Freedmen's Bureau bill has
deranged matters and taken some of the com-
mittees by surprise.
Mr. KELLEY. I will state that there are
one or two important bills before the Com-
mittee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures,
upon which the committee is waiting for official
information. We hope to be able to report in
a few days, as soon as we can obtain the in-
formation.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to re-
garding the morning hour as terminated?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
The SPEAKER called the Committee on
Patents.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to say that, not ex-
pecting this committee to bo called' to-day, it
is not ready to report.
The SPEAKER. It will then go over till
the next call.
PACIFIC TELEGRAPH.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, offered the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Iiesolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to this House a copy ot the
contract made under and by virtue of the act of
Congress passed June 16,1860, entitled "An act to
facilitate communication between the Atlantic and
Pacific States by electric telegraph;" and also a copy
of any assignments of said contract; also, a state-
ment as to the whole amount paid under the said
contract, to whom paid, and when paid, the amount
paid by the Government tor telegraphing to and
from the Pacific coast for each year, and the rates
at which such payments have been made, and to
state the difference of rates, if any, paid by the Gov-
ernment and individuals; and, further, that the said
Secretary communicate to this House a copy of any
communication in his possession from the assigns of
tho original company in regard to other ehargea
upon the Government by said assignees.
message from hie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forxef,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
disagreed to the amendment of the House to
the bill (S. No. 108) for the relief of Henry
