1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2883
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. MILLEH. There are but two judicial
districts for Pennsylvania. Does the gentle-
man think that would be sufficient for Penn-
sylvania? "
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman will ob-
serve that we have just adopted an amendment
which authorizes the uniting of two or more
districts where there seems to be a necessity
for it. -
Mr. MILLER. But suppose that the num-
ber of districts should not be sufficient.
The CHAIRMAN. This debate is out of
order, as no amendment is pending.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will answer the gentle-
man's question whenever it may be in order to
do so.
Mr. WOOD. For the purpose of making an
inquiry of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, I move to amend by striking
out in the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth lines
of the pending section the words " who shall
thereupon take such further action in the case
as he may deem proper?"
I desire to inquire of the chairman of the
committee whether this further action may be
construed as including the power of absolute
removal from office.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose that, as a matter
of course, there can be no action except such
action as is provided for by law, and as the
Commissioner, by the decision which the Com-
mittee of the Whole has just made, is reduced
to a mere nonentity in the collection of the
revenue, I suppose that he can neither remove,
appoint, nor exercise any other substantial
power; but whatever the law allows him to do
in the premises of course he can do.
Mr. WOOD. But, Mr. Chairman, in the
absence of any provision in the law denying to
him the power of removal, I submit that this
clause may give the Commissioner that power.
1 ask the chairman whether that is not a rea-
sonable construction?
Mr. SCHENCK. I should not make any
such construction ; that is all I can say.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, I must insist
upon my motion to strike out the words I have
designated. Itappearsto me that if we should
leave the bill without any restriction upon the
power of the Commissioner, although he may
not have the power to appoint these officers,
yet in the condition of things stated in this
section he is authorized to take any action
which in his judgment he may deem proper.
Such language, 1 submit, implies the power to
remove absolutely, upon the mere presentation
of a case by the appraiser, the appraiser
being made the sole and exclusive judge of the
propriety of the suspension. I think that,
notwithstanding the action which has been
taken by the Committee of the Whole, if this
section be adopted in its present form we
shall leave the Commissioner with a power to
remove ad infinitum,.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, this whole
matter will be best understood by considering
who and what these supervisors are. Under
the present system there are three classes of
officers—revenue agents, revenue inspectors,
and special agents—who may go into any dis-
trict anywhere and assume all the functions of
the local officers, elbowing them out of the
way. This is one of the great vices of the
present system. By the plan embraced in this
bill we propose to sweep out of existence all
these roving agents, and to provide instead that
in each judicial district of the United States
there may be appointed one responsible man,
who shall have a fixed place of residence and
an office within the district, and who shall have
this supervisory authority in regard to the con-
duct of matters within the district. But even
he is not to make seizures or to exercise the
functions of the proper local officers. All that
he can do is to supervise their conduct., to look
"ito their transactions generally, and to report
upon them. This system is one which was
recommended two or three years ago, and at
one time it came very near being enacted into
a law. Experience has proved that if it had
then become a law the Government might have
saved a great deal of money. What the gen-
tleman from New York objects to as a part
of this section is, that when the supervisor has
investigated the conduct of any of the local
officers he shall report to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue for his further action.
I suppose it hardly needs argument to con-
vince gentlemen that whatever action the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue takes, as order-
ing a suit to commence, reporting for removal,
or recommending for removal to the President,
or the Secretary of the Treasury, whatever
action he takes he can really do nothing. If
it be determined the Commissioner can do
nothing but put his hand in his pocket and
whistle when it is reported some rascality has
been discovered on the part of revenue offi-
cers, then the law will be left as it is, leaving
him only the power to report to the Secretary
of the Treasury, or anybody else, and of course
nothing will be done.
But, sir, there are no such difficulties in the
way as the gentleman supposes. When it is
referred to the Commissioner for action it
means official action; and what that shall be
is determined by the provisions of the law.
We became convinced from the facts in pos-
session of the Committee of Ways and Means,
that great gains would result from having
responsible officers, properly paid, located with
fixed places of business, and with accounta-
bility arising from their being known as men
of some qualification for business, than to
have these roving special revenue agents. I
hope the section will not be disturbed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Wood's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. KNOTT. Mr. Chairman, I move to
amend the section by striking out all after the
word " district" in the seventeenth line down
to and including the word "do" at the end
of the sentence; which is as follows:
And for such purposes he shall have power to
examine all persons, books, papers, accounts, and
premises, and to administer onths, and to summon
any person toproducebooksand papers, or to appear
and testityunderoath before him and compcl a com-
pliance with such summons in the same manner as
assessors may do.
I move this amendment because the pro-
vision I propose should be stricken out is, in
my judgment, in direct contravention of the
fourth article of the amendment to the Con-
stitution. That article provides that—■
"The right of the people to be secure in their per-
sons, houses, papers,and effects against unreasonable
searches, and seizures, shall not be violated, and no
warrants shall issue but upon probable cause, sup-
ported by oath or affirmation, and particularly de-
scribing the place to be searched and the person or
things to be seized."
Now, sir, this provision which I propose to
strike out, is in direct violation of every guar-
antee in this article of the Bill of Rights. Under
pretext of the authority it proposes to confer,
one of these internal revenue spies may not only
seize and search your person, but he may ex-
amine every private book, paper, and account
you may have ; and not only this, he may invade
at pleasure the most sacied precincts of the
household, and examine every portion of it to
his heart's content. Sir, with such provisions
as this in the laws of the country, what citizen
is safe in the enjoyment of his most sacred and
valued rights ? It is idle to say that he may
be remitted to his remedy in the courts, for
what can compensate for such ruthless viola-
tions of the security which the Constitution in
this article guaranties to the citizen ? And
besides, sir, all who know anything about it
know that a majority of those who will con-
descend to act the role of the revenue spy,
are totally irresponsible in a pecuniary point of
view. But, sir, it seems to me the proposi-
tion I make is too plain to require an elaborate
argument. Its propriety must surely commend
itself to the judgment of every gentleman pres-
ent, and I am therefore content to submit it
without further remark.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I wish to say merely that it is substan-
tially the provision of the present law. Asses-
sors now have the power to revise books and
papers; and we only provide that supervisors
shall have the same power.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PETERS. I appreciate the objection
of the gentleman from New York, but I do not
agree to his remedy. In line thirty-eight, after
the word "case," I move to insert "which
may be authorized by law."
Mr. ALLISON. I do not object to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows :
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be appointed by tho Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, in any United States judicial district, such
number of internal revenue storekeepers as may be
necessary, the compensation of each of whom shall
be five dollars per day. oneor moreof whom shall be
assigned by said Commissioner to every bonded ware-
bouse established bylaw; and no such storekeeper
shall be engaged in any other business while in the
service of the United States. Every storekeeper shall
take an oath faithfully to perform the duties of hi 
oflice, and shall give a bond, to be approved by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, lor the faithful
discharge ot his duties, in such form and for such
amount as the Commissioner may prescribe. Every
storekeeper shall have charge of the warehouse to
which he may beassigned, under the direction of the
collector con trolling the same, which warehouses!) all
be in the joint custody of such storekeeper and the
proprietor thereof, and kept securely locked, and
shall at no time be unlocked and opened, or remain
open, unless in the presence of such stoiekeeper or
other person who may be designated to act for him
as hereinafter provided; and no article shall be
received in or delivered from such warehouse except
on an order or permit addressed to the storekeeper
and signed by the collector having control of the
warehouse. ^ Every sterekeeper shall keep a ware-
house book in which he shall enter an account of nit
articles deposited in the warehouse to which he is
assigned, indicating in each case the date of the
deposit, by whom manufactured or produced, the
number and description of tho packages and con-
tents, the quantities therein, the marks and serial
numbers thereon, and by whom gauged, inspected,
or weighed, and if distilled spirits, the number of
gauge or wine gallons and of proof gallons; and
before delivering any article from the warehouse, he
shall enter in said book the date of the permit or
order of the collector for the delivery of such arti-
cles, the number and description of the packages,
the marks and serial numbers thereon, the date
of delivery, to whom delivered, and foi what pur-
pose, which purpose shall be specified in the permit
or order for delivery, and in case of delivery of any
distilled spirits the number of gauge, or wine gal-
lons, and of proof gallons, shall also be stated;
and such further particulars shall be entered in tho
warehouse books as may be prescribed or found
necessary for the identification of the packages,
to insure the correct delivery thereof and proper
accountability therefor. A daily return shall be
furnished by every storekeeper to the collector of the
district of all articles received in and delivered from
the warehouse during the day preceding that on
which the return is made, a copy of which shall be
mailed byhiin.at the same time to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue; and each storekeeper shall, on
the first Monday of every month, make a report in
triplicate ot the number of packages of all articles,
with the several descriptions thereof respectively, as
above provided, which remained in the warehouse
at the date of his last report, and of all articles
received therein and delivered therefrom during the
preceding month, and of all articles remaining
therein at the end of said month; one ot which
reports shall be by him retained and tiled in the
warehouse, one delivered to the collector having
control of the warehouse, to be recorded and filed
in his office, and one transmitted by the storekeeper
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to be
recorded and filed in his offiee. Any internal reve-
nue storekeeper may be transferred by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue from one warehouse to
another within the same judicial district. In case
of the absence of any internal revenue storekeeper
by sickness or from any other cause, the co lector
having control ot the warehouse may designate a
person to have tempoiary charge ot such warehouse
who shall, during such absence, perfoun the duties
and receive the pay of the storekeeper lor the time
he may be to employed; and for any violation of the
law he shall be subject to the same punishment as
storekeepers. Any storekeeper or other peison m
the employment ot the United States having c.iarge
of a bonded warehouse, who shall remove or allow to
be removed any cask or other package therefrom
without an oider or permit of the collector, or which
has not been marked or stamped in the manner
required by law, or shall remove or allow to be
removed any part of the contents of any cask or
package deposited therein, or who shall knowingly
make any false or fraudulent entry in any account
kept by him, or who shall omit to make any CI*try
required by law in said book or account, or shall
omit to make any certificate or leport requned by-
law, or who shall make any falsecertificate or report,
or who shall fail to report m writing to the assessor
of tb© district any violation of this act which may
