1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3907
of Congress; that is its mandate; and I say
for that command and that provision there is
not a shred of authority anywhere. It is a
simple, unconditional usurpation of power for
which Congress has not a color of authority.
The Constitution declares that the electors,
after they have voted :
"ShaH malic distinct lists of all persons voted for
as President, at:tl of all persons voted for as Vice
President, o.nd of the number of votes for each,
which lifcts they shall slrn and certify, and transmit
sculed to the seat of the Government of the United
States, directed to the Presidentof the Senate. The
President of the Senate shall, in presence of the
Somite and House of Representatives, open all the
certificates, and the votes shall then beeounted."
Now, sir, after the next presidential election
there will be but that single, plain, simple duty
to be performed by the two Houses. They do
not receive the votes; they cannot accept the
votes; they cannot reject the votes. That
matter is provided for specifically by the Con-
stitution itself. After the votes shall have been
cast and sealed up the requisition of the Con-
stitution is that they shall be transmitted to
the President of the Senate, and they shall be
kept by him until a certain day, and on that
certain day the two Houses shall get together
and perform the simple ministerial duty, not
of adjudging between the candidates at all, but
of counting the votes for the respective candi-
dates for whom the electors had voted.
Suppose when the business reaches that stage
that Congress should make a false count, that
they should deciile that a -candidate who had
received the majority of the votes had not
received that majority, and that another candi-
date who had received a minority of the votes
had received a majority, would that make the
election? Would that decide the election?
No, sir. A false and fraudulent count cannot
unmake a presidential election. The election
is a different matter. It takes place from
another power, on another theater. It takes
plaee when the Electoral College of each State
gets together and casts its electoral vote for a
particular candidate, and seals that vote and
sends it on to the President of the Senate.
When that is done the election is complete;
it is consummate; it can never be reversed
nor set aside nor nullified.
Suppose the two Houses were not together
to count the presidential vote at all; suppose
they did not get together to make a count, but
the fact was that the electoral vote of each
State college had been cast, and had been cast
so as to give one of the candidates a majority;
would the failure of the two Houses to meet
in convention to count the electoral vote annul
the election, set it aside, and introduce chaos
and confusion, and leave this country without
a President? No such nonsense. That is not
the principle; that is not the meaning of the
Constitution. The President is not elected by
the two Houses of Congress in convention.
Where one of the candidates does not get a
majority of the electoral vote the House, act-
ing by States, makes an election ; and that is
the only condition or state of case in which
the House or either branch of Congress can
interfere in the presidential vote at all.
The honorable Senator from Vermont has
strange notions of the Constitution and of the
constitutional powers of Congress, or I have.
There is so much ijot only of discrepancy but
of actual and positive contradiction between
that honorable Senator's ideas and my own in
relation to such matters, that he or myself is
totally at fault. His measure—and the substi-
tute proposed by the honorable Senator from
New York adopts the same principle—by lan-
guage proposes to invest Congress with the
power to accept or to reject the electoral votes
for a candidate for President. Sir, a power
more destitute of foundation, with less color,
not only of reality, but with less color of exist-
ence, never was attempted to be exercised
even by this Congress.
The first proposition that I set out was this:
an electoral vote can only be cast under the
authority and direction of the Legislature of a
State. That Legislature can only be created
and organized by its constitution, its form of
government. That constitution or form of
government can only be created by the people
of the State; and all devices of constitutions,
laws, rights of suffrage, electoral colleges, in
derogation of that general principle are in fla-
grant conflict with the Constitution and utterly
null and void. They are not only usurpations
of power, but they are revolutionary, and
dangerously revolutionary. They subvert our
free, representative, constitutional form of gov-
ernment, and bring the whole under the indefi-
nite and absolute power of a usurping and
aggressive Congress.
These observations lead me to adopt the con-
clusion that there is not a government in the
southern States set up under the reconstruction
acts that has one particle of constitutional obli-
gation. Those goverments are all made in
derogation of the Constitution. They are all
made in derogation and in dethronement of the
political power in those States as it had been
organized and recognized by the Constitution
of the United States and by the constitutions
of the several States. I can put an apposite
case, I think. There was a Dorr government
in Rhode Island at one time. Two governments
occupied the territory of that small State atone
time, and both were struggling for existence
and for ultimate supremacy. Before the first
or charter government was deposed and set
aside legitimately, suppose the Dorr government
had had authority and power enough there to
have chosen electors for that State for the
Presidency ; suppose the votes of those electors
had been counted by Congress, would the
counting of these spurious and unconstitutional
votes by Congress have made them valid, and,
under a particular division between the candi-
dates, have controlled the election and decided
who should be elected President of the United
States? No, sir; no, sir.
Mr. President, my honorable friend from
Indiana [Mr. MoktonJ yesterday stated the
issue which had now been formed for the
decision of the American people, frankly and
candidly, when he said that the question now
was to be decided whether this should bo the
white man's Government or the negro's Gov-
ernment, I accept the definition of the issue.
I meet that definition, and I meet it in full
and proud confidence that the great mass of
the American white people will decide it against
the negro and in favor of the white man.
Gentlemen, I have no doubt, are looking to
the possibility, yea, the probability of the pres-
idential election being decided by the negro
vote. It was for that purpose that they made
Grant, the General of the Army, their candi-
date. It is for that purpose that they refuse
to disband the enormous standing Army. It
is to use that Army for the purpose of subju-
gating the white people of the United States,
if it shall become advisable and practicable to
do so. Here we have had the Committee on
Finance with its honorable chairman racking
their brains to find out resources for revenues
to meet the vast expenditures of the Govern-
ment ; butwhen you say to them, "Abolish the
Freedmen's Bureau ; diminish the Army from
sixty thousand, with a capacity to be raised to
one hundred and six thousand to twenty thou-
sand, and in that way you will be able to save
fifty or seventy millions," you cannot get the ear
or the attention of the majority of this Cham-
ber to any such proposition.
Sir, if they were devoted friends to freedom,
the representative rights of the people, to their
liberties, to economy in the expenditures of the
Government; if they had an ardent desire to
establish an equilibrium between the expendi-
tures and the receipts of the Treasury, here
are the plainest modes in the world that would
secure it to tliem. Why do they not adopt
them? They are looking to the General-in-
Chief, a military dictator, some of his min-
ions say greater than Alexander or Caesar,
Napoleon or Cromwell, and to enable him to
trample with his iron military heel upon the
necks of the white men of this country, and to
elevate above them the four or five millions of
negroes, he and you hold on to a standing army
of sixty thousand. Not only that, you are pro-
posing now to give him the power of distribut-
ing two_ thousand arms into every congres-
sional district in the southern States. Not only
that, you have organized your "Grand Army
of the Republic," negroes and white rene-
grades, carpet-baggers, minions of power and
spoils, and they are to be marched forward
under your dictator, your military chieftain, to
rivet the chains and add immeasurably to
their weight upon the people not only of the
southern States, but of all the States.
Mr. President, no people can live half free
and half slave. When the southern people,are
reduced to hopeless, irremediable servitude to
negroes, the fate of the white men of the North
will soon follow. The one will be a rapid pre-
cusor of the other. Do gentlemen expect that
the General of the armies or the Grand Army
of the Republic, white and black, or the min-
ions who are now in the regular Army, and
who will be willing to enlist in such a cause, to
enslave the white man to the negro, can ever
effect it? No, gentlemen, no. You are aim-
ing at impossibilities. 1 will tell you when
you will elect your President, and when he
will take his seat, and never before: when
he gets a majority of the electoral votes cast
by the white people of the United States, under
the governments of States which governments
have been formed by the white people. When
you do that, if you bring him here with a ma-
jority of that vote, there will be no obstacle
to his inauguration; there will be no obstacle to
his installation into office; and the men who
would and will oppose him in the canvass would
then strike with as much boldness and fidelity
in favor of his right to the Presidency, and to
serve out his teriu in it, as his own friends.
But when you present the case in this form :
here is Seymour, who has twenty, thirty, or
forty more of the white electoral vote than
Grant, and Grant's election is decidcd by the
negro vote, the question then presents itself
to the American mind, to its heart and soul,
will you permit these negroes to appoint a
President for you? No; no; not even the
General of the Army, backed with all of his
military power. One day of virtuous liberty
in resistance to such a system of tyranny would
be worth whole ages of such slavery.
Sir, these are my sentiments. I am no party
man. I am no Democrat. I never was. I
am for my country, for the Union, the Consti-
tution, and the enforcement of the laws ; and
I will go under any man's standard who strikes
in that glorious cause; and I oppose every man
who takes up arms against it to the extent of
my feeble ability. I am not responsible for the
nominations or for the platform at New York.
I believe in the platform. I hug it to my heart,
to rny reason, to my soul; and I have no doubt
that under its banner the free white men of
America will march oil in November next to a
glorious victory—peacefully. There will be no
blood. You will be beaten so fairly that you
will not have ground to stand upon. You will
have the votes of some six or eight States.
Tile storm of 1840 will rise and will sweep
with more fury than it did then. It will be the
best day for you and your posterity, for your
country and the whole country that this people
has known since the Revolutionary war.
But my friend from Indiana received this
platform as a sound and tocsin of war. Sir,
there will be no war. A reckless band of rev-
olutionists and all the hosts of the negroes of
the South, with all their carpet-baggers and
leaders and adventurers cannot make any Stand
against the hosts of the white freemen of
America that will on that day rally for the Con-
stitution which Washington made, and for the
liberties which it secures, and which were
fought for during the revolutionary war. The
time will come when you yourselves will sound
your praises and your peans for the mighty,
free, white host that will perform this great
work.
