I860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12;
%
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa: I desire to move
to amend the bill by adding to it the following:
Sec. 2. And, be it farther enacted. That so much of
the act approved February 5,1867, entitled "An act
to amend an act to establish the judicial courts of the
United States, approved September 1789," as au-
thorizes an appeal from the judgment of a circuit
court to tho Supremo Court df the United States, or
the exercise of any sueh jurisdiction by saidSupremi)
Court on appeals which liave been or may hereafter
be taken, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. SCHENCK, I am willing to have the
amendment received, and now I call the pre-
vious question on the bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment of Mr. Wilson, oflowa, was
agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that' the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
securities or national banks.
Mr. MAYNARD. I now call up the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the resolution
of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Pile] was
rejected.
The resolution was as follows:
Resolved. That tho Secretary of tho Treasury be
directed to report to the House whether, since tho
1st day of July last past, anynationai banks have
changed their securities hold in the Treasury to se-
cure their circulation and Uovernmentdeposits; and
if so. what banks have so changed their securities,
what changes have been made, the date, amount,
and kinds of sueh changes specifically; and that he
be required to make no further changesm the funded
securities of the United States by payment or other-
wise, except of interest, until further order or legis-
lation of Congress thereon.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
resolution.
Mr. PILE. I modify the resolution by
omitting the last clause relating to the changes
in the funded securities of the United States,
&c.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would ask the gentleman
if this information has not already been fur-
nished to this House?
Mr. PILE. ,No such information has been
called for to my recollection, and none such
has been laid before this House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. If
the "gentleman will allow me, I will say that I
think we have had' laid before this House
statistics giving this information. I have no
abjection to the resolution, but I think the
information has already been received.
Mr. PILE. I am certain no such informa-
tion has been received by this House. I call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the op-
eration thereof the resolution as modified was
adopted.
Mr. PILE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
vessels in tub navy.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a matter, and I wish to inquire of the Chair
whether or not it is a privileged question ? On
the Oth of January I submitted the following
resolution, which was adopted by this House:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy is hereby
directed to communicate to this House tho iollowin
information:
"First. The number and names of all the vessels
belonging to and connected with the Navy Depart
ment on the 1st day of April, 1861.
"Second. Thenumbcr of vessels built byand fortho
Government for the Navy Department since April
1,1861, the names and tonnage and number of guns
of sueh vessels, when built, where built, by whom
built, and the cost of each vessel.
"Third. The number and names of all vessels of
eveiy description and the tonnage of each vessel
purchased by and for the Government lor said Navy
Department since April 1, 1861, when and where
purchased, by whom purchased, the amount paid for
such vessels, the amount of commissionspaidonsuch
purchases and to whom, how many of such vessels
nave been lost or destroyed, and how many of them
have been sold, and the names of those sold, when
sold, to whom sold, and whether at public or private
sale, and for how much sold, and the names of par-
ties selling them or in any way connected with such
sale, and how many of said vessels, and the names
and tonnage thereof, remain unsold, and whore sueh
unsold vessels now arc, and what is the use to which
they have been put."
That was more than two months since, yet
no response whatever has yet been received
from the Department upon that subject.
The SPEAKER. Repeating a resolution
calling for executive information has not been
regarded as a privileged question.
Mr. It AND ALL. I desire to say that to my
own knowledge the Navy Department is pro-
gressingin collecting the information called for.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. The pres-
ent Navy Department has been progressing in
this matter for two months. If the gentleman
does not look out the present Navy Depart-
ment will not exist a month longer.
Mr. RANDALL. I have nothing to do with
that.
oreatiiouse and kelly.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent to take from the Speaker's table Sen-
ate bill No. 108, for the relief of Henry Great-
house and Samuel Kelly. The Senate have
disagreed to the amendment of the House. _ I
desire to move that the House insist upon its
amendment, and ask the appointment of a
committee of conference.
No objection was made, and the bill was
taken up.
Themotion ofMr. FARNSWORTHwas agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed, as the con-
ferees on tho part of the House, Mr. Farns-
worth, Mr. Ferry, and Mr. Johnson.
legal services for state department.
The SPEAKER. The nest business in
order during the morning hour is a resolution
offered on the 10th of February last by the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Higby,] and
laid over under the rule.
The Clerk read tho resolution, as follows:
jResolved, That theSeeretary of State bo directed to
furnish to this House a statement of the amount paid
by or through the State Departmentduringeach year
since 1860 for legal services in addition to the amounts
paid to salaried officers, including all sums paid for
legal services, whether as office costs, commissions,
or traveling or other expenses, with the names of
the persons to whom money has been paid, with the
amount of each, specifying tho cases or business in
which such services have been rendered: and also
to state whether any amounts are now claimed for
similar services hitherto rendered, and-by whom;
and also what persons, if any, other than the officers
authorized by law, are now employed as counsel for
said Department, and for what compensation, and
how paid or agreed to be paid, and under what
authority such counsel have boen retained and
employed, and for what purposes.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemau from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Higby,] who offered this resolu-
tion, is not now in his seat.
Mr. WARD. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire that some gentle-
man shall explain to the House the object of
calling for this information. The resolution
seems to cover a great deal of ground, and it
may call upon the Secretary of State for in-
formation which he ought not to be required to
communicate.
Mr. WARD. I know nothing about the
resolution except what I learn from the re-
cital which it contains. I demanded the pre-
vious question because I thought the resolution
one which should properly be passed.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will not the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Ward] consent that the
resolution shall be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs? It is an important reso-
lution, and ought not to be adopted without a
full knowledge of its scope and object.
Mr. WARD. I have no objection to the
reference. I withdraw the call for the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the resolution will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
There was no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was referred; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EQUALIZATION OF BOUXTIES.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
in the morning hour is a bill (H. S. No. 31)
to equalize the bounties of soldiers, sailors,
and marines who served iu the late war for the
Union. Pending the question on the engross-
ment of this bill on the 11th of March, 1867,
debate arising, it went over under the rule.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
currency op the country.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
in the morning hour is a resolution offered on
the 26th of November, 1867, by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Bp.omwell,] on which de-
bate arose, and which was laid over under the
rule.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That gold and silver not being in suffi-
cient Quantity in this country to furnish a circulat-
ing medium adequate in amount to the wants of the
people, the deficiency should be at all times supplied
by Treasury notes of the United States called "green-
backs," to the exclusiqn of all other paper currency,
and in sufficient amount to promotcthe energies and
enterpriso of all classes of the community.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that this resolution be referred to the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency.
The motion was agreed to.
whisky frauds in new york.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is a resolution offered November 26, 1867, by
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Cobb.j
Debate arising on the resolution, it was laid
over under the rule.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved by the House ofRepresentatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That the joint select Committee on Re-
trenchment be, and they are hereby, instructed to in-
quire into and investigate the alleged whisky frauds
in the city of New York; the causes which led to the
detailing of a deputy commissioner of internal rev-
enue for duty in New York eity, and to the organi-
zation of the so-called " Metropolitan Board of In-
ternal Revenue;" the efficiency or non-efficiency of
said board, and the causes thereof; the manner in
which the severalofficers constituting said board dis-
charged their duties, respectively, in tho collection
of internal revenue tax; and whether any of such
officers or agents have been guilty of fraud, corrup-
tion, or neglect of duty in office; that said commit-
tee report tho result of sueh investigation, together
with the testimony by them taken, to Congress; and
that for such purpose the said committee snail ha-va
and possess au powers heretofore granted them for
other purposes.
Mr. COBB. I wish to say, Mr. Speaker, that,
although this resolution encountered objection
and went over, the committee, as I have been
informed, were at the very time I offered the
resolution, and a long time afterward, engaged
in the investigation which the resolution con-
templated. The object having been accom-
plished, I am willing the resolution shall take
whatever direction the House may think proper.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the resolution will be laid on the table.
There was no objection.
Mr. YAN WYCK. I ask unanimous con-
sent to present at this time a report from the
Committee on Retrenchment in reference to
whisky frauds.
There being no objection, the report was
received, and on motion of
Mr. VAN WYCK, ordered to be printed
and recommitted.
message FltOJI tiie PRESIDENT.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was presented by Mr. W.
G. Moore, his Private Secretary, who also
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed joint resolution and bills
of the following titles:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 228) relative to
the post office and sub-Treasury of the city of
j Boston;
I An act (H. R. No. 274) providing for hold-
