3908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
My honorable friend [Mr. Morton] a few
days ago said that it was a vulgar prejudice to
approve negro equality. My honorable friend
from West Virginia [Mr. Willey] made a
most passionate and eloquent appeal in favor
of the negro and negro suffrage, the equality
of the negro ; in the language of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] the
equality of the negro before the law. That is
an eqna'ity that wiser men than you have been
seeking to establish for the last six thousand
years. You have never made anything <* 
negro out of the curly-headed African, and
you never will be able to make anything but
that out of him. He has no fitness for self-
government. But Senators said that it was the
debasing effects, the demoralization, the degra-
dation, the ignorance, the brutality that have
been brought upon this race by slavery that
rendered them unfit to take part in the Govern-
ment. They admitted their unfitness. Now,
let us see what is the truth of the case. I will
read a passage from Malte Brun. He says:
" The slave coast of Afriea consists of several
petty States, which are all under the despotic sway
of tho king: of Dahomey. This barbarian monarch
chooses to have women for his body-guard, and his
palace is surrounded by one thousand of these
Amazons, armed with javalins and muskots, from
whom he selects his special military aids and mes-
sengers. His ministers, when they come into tho
royal presence, me obliaed to leave thoir silk sfowns
at the gates of the pataoo, and approach the throne
walking on all fours, and rolling their hands in the
dust. The ferocity of this African despot almost
surpasses conception. The road to his residonce is
strewed with human skulls, and tho walls aro
adorned a.nd almost covered with jaw-bones. On
public occasions tho sablo monarch walks in solemn
pomp over the bloody beads of vanquished princes
or disgraced ministers. At tho festival of tho tribes,
to which all the people bring presents for the king,
he drenches the tomb of hi3 father with human
blood. Fifty dead bodies aro thrown around tho
royal sepulchre, and fifty heads displayed on poles.
The blood of these victims is presented to the kins,
who dips his lingers in it and licks them. Human
blood is mixed with clay to build temples in honor
of deceased monarchs. The royal widows kill one
another till it pleases the new sovereign to put an
end to the slaughter; and the crowd assembled at
these most joyous festivals applaud such scenes of
hoi i or, and delight iu tearing the unhappy victims
to pieces."
There is the start from which you say tho de-
basing and unhumanizing and degrading in-
fluences of slavery have redeemed their pos-
terity and given them self-government! It is
not necessary to read more.
Senators, abler men, truer philanthropists
than you aro, or can possibly be, have under-
taken in the past ages of the world this thing
of elevating the negro race and bringing him
up to an equality and a level with the white
man. It is impossible. Why do not you, who
are so fond of it and want to see it tested, go
to Jamaica or to Saint Domingo? It has there
received a test within the past generation, and
yet every day it is more demoralizing and bar-
barizing. The negro population of Saint Do-
mingo is now much more degraded, ignorant,
debased, ferocious, immoral, incapable of self-
government and all the duties of social life
than it was when their insurrection commenced
under 0g6 in 1790.
Gentlemen, we will beat you. We are for
the Constitution. Wo are for peaceful force,
and peaceful remedies. You march along like
the king of Dahomey, and all along your path
are the skeletons and blood of the Constitution.
You perpetrate your orgies as he did. We
want to rescue the Constitution. We want to
rescue law and order from your violence, your
misrule, your revolutionary gambols. We ex-
pect to do it without any bayonets. We expect
to do it by the united and omnipotent voice of
the great mass of the American white men ;
and when you shall be beaten, as I have the
fullest faith that you will be beaten, three or
four electoral votes to one by the November
election, if there is any war you will make it.
If there is any clash of arms, any drenching
of the land in blood, any crossing of bayonets,
any wail of misery and woe from the widow
and the orphan, you will be the cause of it—
you and your Grant, your General of tho Army,
your armed military dictator who, I have heard
some of the men who served with him in the
Army say, would march as cold and with as
little twinge of nerve over such scenes as he
smoked his cigar when tens of thousands of
his men were falling around him in battle.
But I care not what hero you bring up to
maintain a cause against the Constitution,
against the liberties of this country, in favor
of negro governments, to subjugate the white
men's Government, in favor of the bayonet
against the Constitution and constitutional and
representative liberty, you will find a host who
willencounteryou,and who will scatter youlike
chaff before the whirlwind. There will be no
war. I have had enough war in my day. I
never saw much of it, but I do not want to
see any more. I have a great and instinctive
and immovable mistrust of military men.
Standing armies are the natural foes of con-
stitutional government and popular liberty.
The two things cannot continue and live and
flourish together. One or the other must yield.
The military, from the days of Washington
up to the commencement of this war, was
always subservient to the civil power. You
have reversed the order of things, and you have
made the military power omnipotent. You
bring the Constitution of the United States
and all its civil authority, and the constitutions
of the States and all their civil authority, and
all the majesty and rights of the people, to the
feet of the military power, and ride over them
rough-shod.
Sir, it is time this thing was coming to an
end. You have performed your mission. The
Republican party, in its first days, when it was
pure compared with what it is at present, per-
formed a noble service to the country in sup-
pressing the rebellion. When the rebellion
was quelled your mission was executed. You
became then legitimately and properly under
the Constitution and the laws of humanity
functus officio. It is time that you should
die, and you will die upon the ides of March,
without any more ensanguined plains and
without any further clash of arms.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from New York.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I care but little
whether tho amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from New York is adopted or not. It
amounts to about the same thing as the ori-
ginal proposition. But I am not willing to let
go unchallenged the things that have come
from the honorable Senator from Kentucky.
While he has been speaking I have thought
whether there would not be a change in the
form of the Lord's Prayer in Kentucky :
" Give us this day our daily bread, if consist-
ent with the Constitution ; but be sure, 0 Lord,
to give us white bread made for white men."
That form, I think, would be adapted to the
creed which the honorable Senator has just
proposed.
In the course of an existence as long as
that of the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
there is hardly a phase of political life that he
has not seen. I was forcibly impressed with
that in his allusion to 1840. Where, then, was
the honorable Senator's heart?
Mr. DAVIS. Exactly where it is now, for
the Union, the Constitution, and the enforce-
ment of the law.
Mr. NYE. I recollect very distinctly that
very year hearing the distinguished Senator
denounce the Democracy in more unmeasured
terms than he is capable of denouncing the
Republican party. They had beaten his pet,
Mr. Clay, and he never has forgiven them.
He came here at the commencement of this
rebellion a strong Union man; and he says
now that he hugs to his very soul a platform
that disunionists have made. I merely sug-
gest these things to show that where next he
may be found, the Lord only knows, in the
new catechism which Kentucky may put forth.
He has spoken of the barbarities of some
negro chieftain, whose name I did not under-
stand, of whom he read. And yet those bar-
barities pale into insignificance in comparison
with the butchery of Forrest at Fort Pillow;
and he was one of the men who made the
platform that my honorable friend loves so
well. Above all men living, the honorable
Senator is the last one, if he can hug such a
thing to his bosom, to be shocked at the bar-
barities of barbarism, untutored as it is.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator says
that the Republican party will die.^ So it will.
So will the honorable Senator die. So will
all the parties to which he has belonged die.
But, sir, the fruits that this Republican party
has brought forth will never die. They have
not expended their strength, like the honor-
able Senator, in trying to depress a race num-
bering four millions in our midst. They have
not taxed their ingenuity to find arguments by
which they could make the bonds with which
the slaves were bound strong. Their boast
is, and will be when the honorable Senator's
memory will be forgotten, that they felt for
those who were in bonds as though they were
bound with them, and broke the shackles that
made man a slave. Let the honorable Sen-
ator and his colleagues and his coadjutors
glory in their oppression, and glory in the fact
that they have trampled the oppressed deeper
in the mire of oppression where they found
them. But, sir, let it be my boast and the
boast of the party to which I belong, that there
is not a man so low but what they would ele-
vate him to the pure, highest heavens where
angels dwell. Sir, that seems to me to be
more in accordance with the spirit of our
Master; that is more in accordance with the
spirit of republican institutions ; and that sen-
timent will grow. Let not the honorable Sen-
ator think that that sentiment will die. No,
sir ; it is now having its second birth amid
the troubles and conflicts and toils of arms
and civil strife.
Sir, I witnessed the gathering from which
salvation is to come, which the honorable Sen-
ator perches upon and proclaims to be his roost
during the campaign. I witnessed this organ-
ization. I looked inupon it. Whatdidlsee?
I wish I had a Hogarth's pencil to sketch it,
or words in which I could convey the faintest
idea of that group of indescribable animals.
Who was there? Wade Hampton ; and at the
mention of his name the Democracy shouted
by order. That is what they call "fraternal
love." Who else was there? Rhett, of South
Carolina; it ought to be spelled with a ch.
Who else was there? Hammond, who pro-
nouneed tho people of the color of my honor-
able friend "mud-sills." Oh, what a source
to look to for salvation! Who else was there 1
Forrest, the butcher. No milder name is lit to
use as descriptive of him—a man who coldlj
murdered by order defenseless men who
stacked their arms and surrendered. Tell me,
sir, what kind of salvation you will get from
that source? And where were they ? In the
largest city upon this continent. With whom
were they associated? With men of the North.
There sat Forrest and Seymour, the latter pre-
siding over the delibeiaiions, as they wers
called, of this convocation of unclean things.
Whose voices- were heard first? Men whose
hands were red with loyal blood. Oh, the
spirit of fraternity there exhibited! They
always agreed. One was a traitor with a sword,
and the other a traitor without a sword ; that
was all the difference. But how my honorable
friend from Kentucky hugs their progeny 1 A
sweet thing to hug! May your embrace be
long and enduring!
Mr. President, what is this thing that the
honorable Senator hugs so fondly? A green-
back platform with an anti-greenback candi-
date.
Mr. SHERMAN. A grayback.
Mr. NYE. A grayback candidate.
Mr. SUMNER. On a greenback platform.
Mr. NYE. That is what I say. It is a plat-
form for peace and a general for lieuenant on
it, second in command, and a general who was
nominated by rebels. I think, if my recollec-
