476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
resolution; and being put, the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion waa agreed to.
SUPPLIES FOR FREEDMEN.
The SPEAKER, the morning hour having
expired, laid before the House a letter from
the Secretary of War ad interim, transmitting
a communication from the Commissioner of
Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands,
recommending that authority be granted by
Congress for the transfer to the Bureau of Refu-
gees and Freedmen of a quantity of desiccated
and mixed vegetables now on hand in the sub-
sistence department; which was referred to the
Committee on Freedmen's Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
ST. LOOTS ARSENAL.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War ad interim,
transmitting a communication from the chief
of ordnance, suggesting the removal of the St.
Louis arsenal to the Jefferson Barracks reser-
vation ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
TENNESSEE MILITIA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War ad interim,
transmitting the petition of certain members
of the late militia of Memphis, Tennessee, and
all information relating thereto ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Commissioner of
Agriculture, in reply to a resolution of the
House Of the 9th ultimo, relating to the con-
dition of his Department, what legislation is
necessary, <fcc.; which was referred to the
Committee on Agriculture, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I think the estimates
which accompany that communication ought
to be referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
It was so ordered.
RIGHTS OF AMERICAN CITIZENS ABROAD.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the resolutions of a public meeting of citizens
of Syracuse, New York, on the rights of Amer-
ican citizens abroad; which were referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
TREATY WITH JAPAN.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following communication from the
Secretary of State; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed:
DfcPARTifENT of STATE,
■Washington, January 8,1SSS.
Sib : I have the honor to inform you that pursuant
to the stipulations of tho treaty with Japan of the
22d of October, 1804, to which the United States was
a party, this Government has received from the
Japanese Government, without substantial equiva-
lent, as its share of the indemnity stipulated to bo
paid by that treaty, the sum of 8600,000 gold coin.
This amount has been invested in United States regis-
tered bonds, and awaits such, disposition as Congress
may direct.
I have the honor to bo, sir, your dhedietit servant,
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
To Hon. N. P. BamKs, <fco.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion.
Mr. ROSS. I demand the regular order of
business
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is for any gentleman who obtains the floor
to move to suspend the rules after the expira-
tion of the morning hour.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer the following res-
olution :
Resoload, That the rules besuspeuded, and thcCom-
mittee on Reconstruction authorized to report imme-
diately, and that the House will on to-morrow pro-
ceed to its consideration, and on Wednesday next,
after the oxpiration of ono hour after tho reading of
the Journal, and the close of the debate by tho mem-
ber reporting tho bill, proceed to vote on tho samo,
with tho amendments thereto, if any.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 44, not voting
30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arnell, Delos ,R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Binghnm, Blair,
Boutwell.Bromwoll.Broomall.Buckland, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb.Coburn, Covode, Cullom,
Dawos.Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Egglcston, Ela, Eliot,
Farnsvrorth, Ferriss, Ferry, Garfield, Gravely, Gris-
wold, Harding, Higby, Hill,Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel
Vf. Hubbard,Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey,
Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Mallory, Marvin, May-
nard, McCarthy, McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Mooro,
Moorhead, Morrcll. Mullins, Myers, X eweomb, Nunn,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike, Pile,
Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Smith, Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens,
Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge,
Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu
B. Wasnburnc, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Thomas
A7illiams, William Williams, James P. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridgo—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Barnum, Beck, Brooks. Burr, Cary.Chanler, Eldridge,
Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Haight,
Holman,Hotchkiss,RichardD. Hubbard, Humphrey,
Johnson, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCormick, Mor-
gan, Morrisscy, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps,
Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Ross, Sitgreaves, Stone,
Taber, Lawrenco S. Trimble, Van Auken, Van
Trump, Wood, and Woodward—44.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Allison, Blaine, Boyer,
Butler, Cake, Churchill, Cook, Cornell, Driggs, Eck-
ley, Fields, Finney, Halsey, Hawkins, Jones, Ketch-
am,GeorgoV. Lawrence, Lynch, McCulIough, Polsley,
Raum, Selye, Shanks, Shellabarger, Starkweather,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Taffe, Burt Van Horn,
and William B. Washburn—30.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and the resolution intro-
duced, and agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on
Reconstruction, accordingly reported a bill
(II. R. No. 439) additional and supplemental
to an act entitled "An act to provide for the
more efficient government of the rebel States,''
passed March 2, 1867, and to the acts supple-
mental thereto; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tive-9 of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That in Virginia, North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
Texas, Florida, and Arkansas there are no civil State
government republican in form, and that the so-
called civil governments in said States, respectively,
shall not be recognized as valid or legal State govern-
ments either by the executive or judicial power or au-
thority of tho United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatforthespeedy
enforcement of the act entitled "An act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel States,"
passed March 2, 1867. and the several acts supple-
mentarythereto, theGeneral of the Army of the Uni-
ted States is hereby authorized and required to en-
join by speeial orders upon all officers in command
within the several military departments within said
several States the performance of all acts authorized
by said several laws above recited, and to remove by
his order from command any or all of said command-
ers and detail other officers of the United States
Army, not below the rank of colonel, to perform all
the duties and exercise all the powers authorized by
said several acts, to the end that the people of said
several States may speedily reorganize civil gov-
ernment, republican in form, in said several States,
and be restored to political power in tho Union.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That tho General
of the Army may remove any or all civil officers now
acting under the several provisional governments
within said several disorganized States and appoint
others to discharge the duties pertaining to their
respective offices, and may do any and all acts which
by said several laws above mentioned are authorized
to bo ,done by the several commanders of tho military
departments within said States; and so much of said
acts, or of any acts as authorize the President to de-
tail the military commanders to said military depart-
ments, or to remove any officers which may bo do-
tailed as herein provided, is hereby repealed.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
unlawful for the President of the United States to
order any part of the Army or Navy of the United
States to assist by force of arms the authority of
either of said provisional governments in said dis-
organized States, to oppose or obstruct the authority
of the United States as provided in this act and the
acts to which this is supplementary.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That any inter-
ference by any person, with intent to prevent by
force the execution of tho orders of tho General of
the Army made in pursuance of this act and of the
acts aforesaid, shall be held to bo a high misdemean-
or, and tho party guilty thereof shall, upon convio-
tion, be fined not exceeding $5,000, and imprisoned
not exceeding two years.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That so much of
all acts and partsof acts as conflict or aro inconsistent
with tho provisions of this act are hereby repealed.
[ The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
I Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the bill be
printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now move that the bill
be recommitted, and then under the rule the
bill will go over until after the morning hour
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit
will be entered on the Journal, and the bill goes
over until to-morrow under the resolution just
adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM. In addition to that I desire
to say that if it be the pleasure of the House I
will consent to modify the resolution just
adopted. The last clause of that resolution
provides that the debate shall be closed on
Wednesday next an hour after the reading of
the Journal. I will consent to modify the res-
olution so that tlfe bill shall be the special
order to-morrow after the morning hour, and
from that day until disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that
according to the resolution, when the debate
shall have-been closed, no dilatory motions
can be entertained, because the resolution ex-
pressly declares that the vote shall then be
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then the purpose of the
resolution thus adopted is to enslave not only
the Executive and the judiciary but Congress
also.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has been
agreed to expressly by a suspension of the
rules. The effect of it is to cut off dilatory
motions when debate has been closed on the
bill. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] asks consent to modify that portion of
the resolution requiring the vote to be taken
on Wednesday next.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to have a full
understanding with the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] and the House. I desire to
inquire of him, through the Chair, how much
time he intends to allow for the discussion of
this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will answer that the
suggestion I have made is intended to open
up the resolution just adopted, so as not to
restrict the debate at all, but simply to make
this bill a special order after the morning hour
for to-morrow and from day to day until dis-
posed of. It is my purpose-to answer the
gentleman more fully if it be the pleasure of
the House to allow debate to run the entire
day to-morrow and the entire preceding day,
the committee reserving the right after rea-
sonable discussion, the House to be the judge
of that, to close debate without any dilatory
motion.
Mr. BROOKS. I understand the gentle-
man to say that he intends to allow reasona-
ble time for discussion of this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly I do, and hope
the House will be of that mind, too.
Mr. LOAN. I ask unanimous consent to
have printed an amendment which I propose
to submit to this bill at the proper time.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands it
is not the intention to limit debate until after
Wednesday, but that after that time the pre-
vious question will be demanded at such time
as may be deemed fit.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir; and that it shall
be made the special order for to-morrow after
the morning hour.
Mr. ROSS. Would it be in order to move
the resolution be laid on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order.
