2884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
come to his knowledge, or who shall be guilty of
neglect in tho performance of his duly as sueh store-
keeper, or who shall collude with any other person
to defraud the United States, shall be immediately
dismissed from office or employment, and, on con-
viction, be fined not less than $500 nor more than
$2,000. and imprisoned not less tb,r. three months
nor more than two years.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
committee to offer the following amendment:
In line twenty-fire, after tho word " book," insert
the words "which shall at all times be open to the
examination of any revenue officer,"
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am also instructed to
offer the following amendment.
In line fifty-eight, strike out tho words " retained
and filed in the warehouse," and insert in lieu thereof,
"delivered to the assessor of the district to be re-
corded and filed in his office."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. Also the following amend-
ment:
In line sixty, strike out the words "by the store-
keeper."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. Also the following:
In line sixty-three, after the word revenue, insert
the words " or by the supervisor of the judicial dis-
trict."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. Also the following :
Strike out from line eighty to the words "United
States," inclusive, as follows:
Or who shall knowingly make any false or fraudu-
lent entry in any account kept by him, or who shall
omit to make any entry requiicd by law in said book
or account, or who shall omit to make any certificate
or report required by law, or who shall^mako any
false certificate or report, or who shall fail to leport
in writing to the assessor of the di? iict any violation
of this act which may come to his knowledge, or who
shall be guilty of neglect in the performance of his
duty as such storekeeper, or who shall collude with
any other person to defraud the United States.
The reason we move this amendment is that
the same clause is repeated in another section
of the bill, among the penal sections.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to strike out the
whole section, and I will give my reasons for
doing it. From the disposition of the House
it would seem to me that the probability is the
whisky tax will bo reduced. Now, having
stricken out the vitality of the bill; having left
the appointment of officers just where it v/as
when this bill was reported, in the hands of
the President and Secretary of the Treasury, I
consider it necessary to strike out this section.
Why? It provides for a system of bonded
warehouses that can only be protected when
you get the power in the hands of the Commis-
sioner, and make him responsible for the offi
cers that are under him. Inasmuch, therefore,
as the House is determined to have the lav/ as
it was before this bill was reported, I think
that there shall be no bonded warehouses, if
you expect to get any tax. If the House
intends to reduce the whisky tax, and intends
to have the same swarm of officers that we
have now, then let the tax be collected at the
worm of the still. You do not want any ware-
houses. Having s'cicken out the sixth section,
if you keep your bonded warehouses, and have
the same swarm of roving men you have now
defrauding the Treasury, you will never got a
cent of revenue, I do not care what the tax i=.
If you want these same officers to collect your
revenue, I desire to cripple them as much as
possible. Hence, I move to strike out the
whole section in reference to bonded ware-
houses, expecting the committee to vote for
what I do not want, that is, a reduction of the
tax on whisky.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope my colleague on
the committee will not insist upon that motion,
because if it should prevail it will not in the
least degree effect what he proposes to do, and
it would affect other matters. It will be remem-
bered that there are storekeepers appointed to
have charge not of distilled spirits alone, but
of anything and everything; that is, oil, to-
bacco, &c., that may be in bonded warehouses.
If, when we come to distilled spirits, the gen-
tleman shall succeed with the rest of the House
in making the tax so low as that it may reason-
ably be required to be paid altogether at the
distillery, and that without crushing out the
interest in the interior of the country, it will
so far reduce the duties to be performed by
any of these storekeepers and take away the
necessity of appointing them.
If on the other hand that should not be done,
wc will have a system by which distilled spirits
as well as other articles are to be taken care
of in warehouses, and nobody to look after
those warehouses, with proper responsibility.
But in either case these appointments arc
appointments of officers to be made so far only
as they may be found to be necessary and
whose duties are not confined to distilled spirits
but relate to any articles that may be placed
in warehouses.
Now, one word to explain what I mean in
reference to their duties in connection with
distilled spirits. Under the present system
there is a large class of warehouses called ware-
house B, to which whisky is removed from the
distillery warehouse, and where it remains an
indefinite length of time. At this time there
are in fact about five hundred thousand barrels
accumulated in that way. The system that we
propose in lien of that is that the tax shall
either be paid at the distillery on removing the
spirits to the warehouse authorized there, and
into which it is to bo got, under such restric-
tions as will prevent the possibility of getting
the whisky out of the distillery without pay-
ment of the tax, or, if removed, it shall only
be removed for exportation and in bond, anil
that but once and by a particular route, and
when it goes to the export warehouse it is not
to be permitted to leave that warehouse except
to go abroad, or to have the tax paid before it
leaves the warehouse. This being our system,
if the tax is paid altogether at the still, there
will still be a necessity of keeping up a limited
number of storekeepers at the warehouses for
other purposes.
If the tax be not paid in every case at the
still, then in that case there must still be a
provision made for storekeepers to whatever
extent they may be required, for it is not
merely at the export warehouse that they are
needed. The distillery warehouse itself must be
under the charge of a storekeeper, and one of
the most important duties of the storekeeper
is to be present in the distillery, not like the
inspector now, belonging to the distiller, but
an officer of the Government, to watch every-
thing and keep a record of everything that is
done ; to superintend the removal into the dis-
tillery warehouse ; to be present when the tax-
paid stamps which are provided for in this bill
aie attached to the packages containing the
liquor, and to exeicise, in short, various other
important functions for the protection of the
interests of the Government. All that the gen-
tleman will strike out if he succeeds in strik-
ing out this section.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. I will move to strike out all
except the last word, for the purpose of an-
swering the remarks of mv colleague on the
Committee of Ways and Means. I should
have no disposition to differ with any member
of thccommittee if the views of the committee
as originally understood could be carried out.
But I have been all the time opposed to bonded
warehouses, and I am not warring against the
committee when I state what my own views
are. I say to this House, as I see you intend
to reduce the whisky tax, you have got five
hundred thousand barrels of whisky in these
bonded warehouses to-day, the owners of
u inch are holding them until you reduce the
whisky tax and for no other purpose, and they
have been doing it ever since this Congress
assembled, waiting until this House shall do
just what the whisky ring indicated last winter
tliev should do. Now, I have been in favor of
abolishing the bonded warehouses from tho
beginning, because that is the great source of
frauds in this country, so far as whisky and
tobacco are concerned.
I say make it so that you shall collect the
tax when the whisky runs out of the still-worm.
If you want your bonded warehouse and your
storekeeper let it be at the distillery, there
to take charge of the whisky; but let tlie tax
be paid there ; and if you reduce the whisky
tax to twenty or twenty-five cents, as some
gentlemen propose, the distiller can afford to
pay the tax at the distillery, and we need not
have these bonded warehouses where these
wholesale frauds have been committed—these
export warehouses, having four or five gentle-
men appointed to keep them, where not a dol-
lar of tax will be paid, and from which if they
can smuggle it they will do it.
Thousands of barrels of whisky have been
smuggled from these bonded warehouses since
we passed the law requiring the tax to be paid
before it could bo taken from the bonded ware-
houses. How has that been done? By the
sanction of the head of your revenue depart-
ment, by issuing an order thaUhe whisky may
be removed into another building because the
old one leaks a little, or is in need of some
repairs. That is the way it has been done,
right under your very noses here. You have
just now voted that the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, and those who now have the appointment
of these officers, shall continue to appoint them.
I say, that since you have dene what you have
done, I will oppose everything in this bill that
gives the least latitude whatever to this whisky
ring.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COVODE. 1 am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman, from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan,] and 1 will give my reasons for that
opposition. The gentleman speaks of the large
amount of whisky that is now in bonded ware-
houses, awaiting the reduction of the tax on
whisky. Now, I will state that the gentle-
man is mistaken in reference to some portions
of the country.
I received but a few minutes since a letter
from the collector of my district, in which he
states that there are one million nine hundred
thousand gallons of whisky now in bonded
warehouses in my district, and the reason why
the whisky is still there is that since the pas-
sage of the joint resolution to prevent the taking
of whisky from bonded warehouses they have
not been able to sell their whisky while it is in
bond, and therefore have not been able to get
it into market.
Heretofore they have been able to sell their
whisky in eastern markets at about seventy
cents per gallon. At this time whisky can be
bought in eastern markets at §1 50 per gallon,
and consequently they could not afford to pay
the tax of two dollars per gallon before they
take their whisky out of bond, and then slnp
it East and compete with whisky that is being
sold at SI 50 per gallon. When they sold their
whisky in bond to eastern dealers the eastern
dealers cheatcd the Government out of the
tax. It is not kept iu bond becausc they have
been waiting for the reduction of the tax, for
they have not until lately had any reason to
expect that any such reduction would be made.
No doubt they will now wait for that reduction.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw my amendment
to tho amendment,.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out the
words Commissioner of Internal Revenue,"
and insert •'Secretary of the Treasury." I
am rather surprised at the course taken in
regard to this section by ray colleague on the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Locjax.]
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman says he is sur-
prised at my course here. Why? Did he ever
know me to vote for bonded warehouses, either
in the committee or out of it?
Mr. ALLISON. Thegentleman says because
the sixth section has been stricken out there-
fore he will oppose these other sections. Now,
I would call his atteution to the fact that the
words "distilled spirits" do not appear in the
section he proposes to strike out. And if
