i8ea'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1861
ing a circuit court at tlie city of Erie, Penn-
sylvania ; and
An act (H. R. No. 785) to revive an act to
constitute Hannibal, Missouri, and Peoria,
Illinois, porfe of delivery.
He also announced that the bill (H. R. No.
214) to amend the act passed March 23, 1867,
entitled " An act supplementary to an act to
provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States, passed Match 2, 1867, and
to facilitate their restoration," having been
presented to the President on the 28th ultimo,
atid not having been returned within ten days
(Sunday excepted) has become a law under
the Constitution of the United States.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed House bill No. 328,
to establish certain post roads, with amend-
ments, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
On motion of Mr. FARNSWORTH, the
bill and amendments of the Senate were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
public lands, land grants, etc.
The SPEAKER. The next business in
order is a resolution offered December 9, 1867,
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,]
which was laid over by unanimous consent, to
be taken up whea resolutions giving rise to
debate should be in order.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That in order to carry into fall and com-
plete effect the spirit and policy of tbo preemption
and homestead laws of the United States the further
sale of the agricultural public lands ought to bopro-
hibited by law, and that all proposed grants of land
to aid in tho construction of railroads, or for other
special objects, should be carefully scrutinized and
rigidly subordinated to the paramount purposo of
securing homes for tho landloss poor, tho actual
settlement and tillage of the public domain, and the
consequent increaso of the national wealth.
Mr. JULIAN. It was my intention to dis-
cuss the principles embodied in that resolution,
but I have already had an opportunity to do
so; and, believing the resolution is understood
and will not be objected to, I demand the pre-
vious question on its adoption.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ihopethe
gentleman will let me move to strike out what
iavors the railroad monopolists.
Mr. JULIAN. I prefer the resolution should
pass as it is. There is nothing in it which
favors railroad monopolists, and the gentleman
from Illinois ought to have known that fact.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is a
recognition of these grants to monopolists.
Mr. JULIAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and
the rhain question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I demand
a division of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs, then,
on the first branch of the resolution, as follows:
That in order to carry into full and complete effect
the spirit and policy of tho preemption and home-
stead laws of the United States, the farther sale of
the agricultural public lands ought to be prohibited
by law.
The first branch of the resolution was adopted.
The second branch was then read, as follows:
And that all proposed grants of land to aid in the
construction of railroads, or for other special objects,
should bo carefully scrutinized and rigidly subordi-
nated to the paramount purposo of securing homes
for the landless poor, the actual settlement and till-
age of the public domain, and the consequent in-
crease of the national wealth.
The second branch of the resolution was also
adopted.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the votes
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
impeachment of this president.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the managers of the
impeachment of the President of the United
States, submitted the following resolutions;
which were read, considered, and referred to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That the stenographers of the House be
authorized to attend the managers to the Senate to
report the proceedings of tho trial of the impeach-
ment of tho President of the United States, and that
the same be printed by the Congressional Printer, so
as to distribute to the members of tho House at least
one copy of such report of the preceding day by nine
o'clock in tho morning; and that the necessary ex-
penses of said reporting be charged to the contingent
fund of the House.
Resolved, That two thousand extra copies of such
report be printed for tho use of tho House, one copy
to be retained for each member and bound for pres-
ervation.
jiuconstkcction.
The SPEAKER stated that the next busi-
ness in order was the following resolution sub-
mitted December 12 by Mr. Getz, and debate
arising thereon laid over under the rules:
Whereas it is reported that tho cities of Bos-
ton, in Massachusetts, and Pittsburg, in Pennsylva-
nia, have elected Democratic mayors; and whereas
such elections are indicative of n spirit of disloyalty
in tho citizens of said cities, which demands prompt
suppression: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the select Committee on Recon-
struction be instructed to inquire whether the States
in which tho said elections were held have repub-
lican fornix of government, or do not need recon-
struction,
Mr. GETZ. The House is undoubtedly im-
pressed with the grave importance of that res-
olution. So am I. It comes up rather unex-
pectedly to-day, and I do not feel disposed to
enter into any discussion of its merits. I do
not feel able to discuss it with that gravity its
importance demands. I have the fullest con-
fidence in the Reconstruction Committee, and
I move its reference to that committee.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
it should be referred to the Committee on Re-
visal and Unfinished Business, as it is the in-
tention of those cities to change for the better.
[Laughter.]
Mr. GETZ. 1 prefer that it should go to
the Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suppose the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has heard there was
an election in New Hampshire recently.
Mr. GETZ. My resolution has no reference
to New Hampshire.
Mr. TWICHELL. It "ought to be referred
to a select committee on the New Hampshire
election. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The city of Boston needs
reconstruction.
Mr. GETZ. That is in the resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts will include the whole State
of Massachusetts, for it is yet an unfinished
business for his party.
Mr. GETZ demanded the previous question.
T'he previous question was seconded aud the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the preamble and resolution were
ldid on the table.
pacific railroad.
The next business lying over under the rales
was House joint resolution No. 168, to regu-
late the tariff for freight and passengers on the
Union and Central Pacific railroads and their
branches, introduced by Mr. Wisdom, January
20, 1868.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to refer it to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and call the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the House will not second the previous ques-
tion. Let us have a square vote and see who
is in favor of this resolution.
Mr. DAWES. We had a square vote the
other day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And the
gentleman was with the monopolists. [Laugh-
ter.]
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 52, noes 51.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Garfield and Woodward.
. Mr. ALLISON. Let-the joint resolution be
reported in full.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk, not expecting
this business to be reached to-day, the joint
resolution is not here ; it is on the files at the
Clerk's office.
Mr. GARFIELD. I think it is very proper,
therefore, to have it referred.
Mr. WASHBURNE, pf Illinois. It is a
resolution that ought t^-jjNJ passed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 42, noes 5L
So the previous question was not seconded.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now re-
port the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was read.
It constitutes the Secretary of War, Secre-
tary of the Interior, and Attorney General of
the United States, a board of commissioners,
whose duty it shall be, on the 1st day of July,
in each year, to establish a tariff for freight and
passengers over theJJnion Pacific and Central
Pacific railroadsand their branches, which tariff
shall be equitable and just, and not exceeding
double the average rates charged on the differ-
ent lines of railroad between the Mississippi
river and the Atlantic ocean in latitudes north
of St. Louis, Missouri; and it shall not be law-
ful for said railroad company to charge any
sum in excess of the rates so fixed and estab-
lished.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the.previous question.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I move to
lay the resolution on the table.
On the laying of the resolution on the table
there were—ayes 13, noes 52.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I call the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 53, nays 70, not voting
G6 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer, James
M. Asbley, Axteli, Bamum, .Beck, Boyer, Brooks,
Bawes, Diion, .Donnelly, Lliot, Haight, liili, Hooper,
Johnson, Jones, Kelley, Kerr, Knott, Lincoln, Mai-
lory, Marvin, McCullough, Miller, Morrell, Mungen,
Myers, Nowconib, O'iS'eili, Paine, Pile, Plants, Po-
land, Price, Raum, Scolield, Smith, Starkweather,
Ihaddous Stevens, Stokes, Stone, Tabor, Taylor.
Thomas. Lawrenco S. Trimble, Twichcll, Van Aer-
uani, .Robert T. Van Horn, William !>. Washburn,
Welker, and Stephen P. wusqu—
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Bailey, Barnes, Beaman,
Beatty, Blaine, Blair, C'ary, Chuiohul, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Cook, Culloni, Bnggs, Parnawortli, Perries,
Perry, Fields, (jlariield.Cetz, Uolladay, Halscy, Haw-
kins, iiolman. Hopkins, llotcukiss, Chester i). Hub-
baid, Richard £>.Hubbard, Hulourd, Hunter, Inger-
soll, J add, Julian, Kelsey, Ivtfteham, Kitchen,
Koontz, WilliamLawrence, Loan, Loughridge, May-
nard, McCarthy, McClurg, Moore, Aloorhcad, Nib-
lack, Oi'tli, remain, Peters, i'lko, Poisley, Randall,
Robertson, Selienck, Shanks, Sitgrcaves, Spalding,
Stewart, Tafie, Trowbridge, Up on, Van Auken, Van
Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, JElihu B.
Washburne, William Williams, John T. Wilson,
Wood, and Woodward—70.
NOT VOT1M (i—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Delos K.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banfcs, Benjamin, Benton,
Bingham; Boatweli, Bromwell, Brdomall^Buokland,
Burr, Butler, Cake, Chanter, Reader W. Clarke, Co-
b'uni, Cornell, Covode, Bodge, Eckley, J3ggl6stdn,
Jb]la, Eldridgc, Finney, Pox, Glossbrennor, brrarely,
Gnswold, Grover, Harding, Higby, Asaiiel W. Hub-
bard, Humphrey, J ciickes, Lallm, George V, Law-
rence, Logan, Lynch, Alaishail, JYteCorinick, Mereur,
Morgan, Mornssey, Mullins, Nicholson, Nunn,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Kobmson, Ross, Sawyer,
Selye, Shellalmrgcr, Aaron P. Stevens, John Trim-
ble, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, Henry IX Wash-
burn, Thomas Williams, James P. Wilson, Windom,
and Woodbridge—06.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes to the Speaker's
table.
trial of americans in gkeat britain.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives :
In further answer to the resolution of the Diousa
of Representatives of the 2oth of November, 1867,
calling for information in relation to the trial and
conviction of American citizens in Great Britain and
Ireland lor the last two years,! transmit acontinua-
tion of thorepoit from the Secretary of State on the
subject. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, March 11,1868.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that the
