1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2885
every gallon of distilled spirits should be re-
quired to pay the tax of two dollars per gal-
lon at the distillery this section would still be
necessary. We export more than one half of
the tobacco raised m this country, and we must
have bonded warehouses for the purpose of
reaching this tobacco. This section applies
with as much force, and was intended to apply,
to the exportation of tobacco as to anything
else.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman says that this
section does not contain the words "distilled
spirits." In that he is mistaken. I find in it
these words, "and if distilled spirits, the num-
ber of gauge, or wine gallons, and of proof
gallons."
Mr. ALLISON. Very well; distilled spirits
may be mentioned in the section. Then let
the gentleman move to strike out those words,
if he is opposed to bonded warehouses for dis-
tilled spirits. For one I am not willing to
leave distilled spirits without some provision
in relation to export warehouses affecting them.
I believe we have prepared a system of ware-
houses that will answer the purpose. And I
beg gentlemen, especially at this stage of the
bill, not to strike out this section so as to mar
the harmony of the provisions later in the bill.
Therefore this section is essential even if
the tax on distilled spirits is to be collected in
the manner proposed by the gentleman from
Illinois. It is necessary with reference not
only to tobacco, but also mineral oils and some
other articles, and, indeed, any other articles
which are liable to a tax and which it may
be desirable to export before the tax is paid.
This is a general provision, not applying spe-
cially to distilled spirits. When we shall have
settled the amount of tax which we shall im-
pose upon distilled spirits, we may then con-
sider the question whether or not the tax
shouldjoe collected at the distillery. Until we
settle that point, of course this section covers
distillery warehouses as well as others ; but I
beg my friend not to insist on striking out this
section, which is vital to the harmony of the
general provisions of this bill. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. JUDD. I renew tho motion of my col-
league to strike out the entire section. I make
this motion principally for the purpose of ask-
ing an explanation of this section as connected
with a law that we passed in the early part of
this session. Every gentleman will reWllect
the furore which then prevailed in relation
to tho frauds that were committed almost
openly throughout the entire land under this
bonded-warehouse system ; and so violent was
the virtuous indignation of almost every mem-
ber upon this floor that the bill on that subject
went through almost by its title, and so sud-
denly as to destroy some very important inter-
ests which my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoopeii] seemed to think needed protection
so far as exportation was concerned.
Now, it will not do tor'the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Alltsox] to say let this section
stand because it includes some other articles
besides distilled spirits. I say, let us make it
right as we go along. If the bonded warehouse
system which has been in operation for the
last eighteen months gives an opportunity for
such frauds as in the early part of this session
were considered as calling for immediate
remedy by legislation, I desire the chairman
of the committee to explain to me why this
section does not open the door to similar frauds.
Under the old law there were two classes
of warehouses—class A and class B. Under
the present bill, the first class are storekeepers
at the place where the whisky is made, and
the other class are export warehouses. This,
in my view, is merely giving new names to
precisely the same things that we have had
under the old law. I repeat that the ingenuity
of Congress, even with all the aid of my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] is not sufficient to
devise legislation which shall prevent the im-
mense frauds in the article of distilled spirits,
if it is allowed to move one step beyond the
place where it is manufactured without paying
the tax , and I had hoped that the Committee
of Ways and Means in this bill would report
! such provisions as would get rid of this objec-
' tionable system.
Now, gentlemen need not tell me that with-
out this warehouse system business cannot
be transacted because of the large amount of
capital required. If the business is profitable
the capital will flow to it. How is it with the
immense product of the Northwest? Is the
business in that carried on with the capital
of the men there? No; they have a product
that will command capital anywhere ; and the
money flows where the article of commerce is
to be purchased. The provisions of this sec-
tion do, in my judgment, contemplate sub-
stantially the two classes of warehouses of
which we have had experience, furnishing the
same opportunities for fraud that were afforded
under the law which we with such hot haste
repealed in tho early part of thi3 session.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I think the two gentlemen from Illi-
nois have really, at last, struck the nail upon
the head. All the frauds which have been
committed upon the Government in the non-
payment of tax on whisky may be traced to
the facility afforded by the Government in the
establishment of bonded warehouses. There
is the mode by which the Government is de-
frauded. The recent trial which took place in
the city of Brooklyn, where a collector was
convicted of collusion with those who had
defrauded the Government, shows that it is
the bonded-warehouse system which is at the
bottom of most of the frauds upon the rev-
enue. Fictitious bonds may be given, and tliey
are accepted by the collectors, and upon those
bonds the whisky is allowed to be taken out
of bond. The bonded warehouses are not
fraudulent in themselves; but they alford facil-
ities for fraud by collusion oil the part of the
storekeeper with the distiller. 'They get the
whisky into the bonded warehouses for the
very purpose of avoiding the payment of the
Government tax. There is no difficulty to get
the whisky into the bonded warehouses. When
the distillers get it there, then there is oppor-
tunity afforded for collusion with the inspect-
ors and other officers. The officers get four
or five dollars a day, and the distiller says to
him, " Instead of four or live dollars a day I will
give you four or five hundred dollars." That
is the way the Government is defrauded of the
tax on whisky in these bonded warehouses.
What is the process in New York? The dis-
tiller never pays a tax upon the whisky at the
distillery. Where does he pay it? lie puts
the whisky in the bonded warehouses and waits
for a convenient opportunity to avoid paying
the tax. He gets his tool or agent by influence
at Washington, or with the assessor or the
collector in his district, appointed as inspec-
tor, and when he gets that done he does not
pay his tool more than a few hundred dollars,
and in this way avoids the payment of thou-
sands of dollars of tax on the whisky he takes
out of bond and puts upon the market.
I agree with the gentleman from Illinois that
this tax should be collected at the lime the
whisky is manufactured. You should never
let the whisky go from the hands of the manu-
facturer until the tax is secured. There is no
security until the tax is absolutely paid. No
whisky" should be allowed to go out of the dis-
tillery until the tax has been paid, for when it
is allowed to go into these bonded warehouses
it affords facilities for fraud upon the revenue.
Mr. HUNTER. How is the tax to be col-
lected at the small distilleries in cellars and
garrets ?
Mr. WOOD. There is no difficulty in col-
lecting it there, but there is great difficulty in
collecting it elsewhere, fhese distilleries are
all known. It is impossible to run a distillery
without its being found out. The Government
officers know where they are. The distiller is
bound to get a permit before he can distill any
whisky.
Mr. HUNTER. Were notall the distilleries,
except the illicit distilleries, closed in New
Y ork ?
Mr. WOOD. They allow them to close and
to open again. One set of agents is sent to
close them and another set to reopen them.
Those agents are in the pay of the distillers,
and as soon as they withdraw the distilleries go
to work again and defraud the Government of
its tax. There is no difficulty about collecting
the tax at the distilleries; and in my judg-
ment it is proper to change the present system
in this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHBNCK. I move to insert after the
words "the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue," the words " by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate." I do this for the pur-
pose of enabling me to explain why these store-
keepers are to be appointed. This is a general
provision for storekeepers who are put under
restriction and bound to a strict performance
of duty in the warehouses of the Government,
and it makes no difference whether that be one
in which may be distilled spirits, tobacco, oil,
or any other subject of tax. There is not the
spectre hero the gentleman supposes.
T admit when we get further along in this
bill that this House or Congress may provide
the tax on distilled spirits shall be paid at the
still, and the tax on tobacco at the manufactory.
It will be nugatory to make the amendment
here. Then no appointments need to be nor
would be made under it. The sixth section
then would not be mischievous, but harmless.
But here is the fact. The gentleman says
it is an attempt to keep up the old system of
warehouses. No such thing. We have now
distillery warehouses and we propose still to
have them—what wo call warehouse A. We
propose also to have export warehouses. If
we dispense with export warehouses, so far as
distilled spirits arc concerned, by providing
that spirits shall be taxed at the still, there
will still be storehouses to which this provision
will apply. Then if wo have the officers tliey
ought to be placed under stringent provisions
in regard to the performance of their duty
and punished if they do not do it.
Now, on the subject of distillery warehouses
that bill, which was passed in such hot haste,
as the gentleman says, did not abolish ware-
houses A and B, but it shut down upon them,
so that until there could be some wholesome
legislation on the subject which should regu-
late everything in relation to distilled spirits
they were forbidden to take spirits out of bond
until the tax was paid. Distillery warehouses,
then, must be kept up unless you reduce the
tax so low that you can more easily collect it
at the still.
Now, if you collect it at the still what is the
effect of it? Does the gentleman from New
York or the gentleman from Illinois propose
that we shall have a man stand at the worm
of the still with a gallon measure and as soon
as he has got it full of spirts collect a tax of
a dollar or fifty or twenty-five cents and then
score one? There must be someplace, then,
in which to accumulate the whisky, within or
'without the distillery, under certain restric-
tions, which shall prevent it being removed
without paying a tax. If the gentleman will
inform himself, as he is capable of doing, he
will, I think, be satisfied that some such place
must be provided at the distillery, under the
close guardianship of some officer under full
restriction—we call him storekeeper—who will
take care that the whisky is there and is not
permitted to be removed an inch until it has
paid the tax. You must either do this or stand,
as I said, at the still worm with your gallon
cup and catch the whisky, and, when you have
got it filled, turn the cock and stop until you
have got that gallon scored and got your pay
for it, and then turn it on and get another gal-
lon, which 1 hold to be rather impracticable.
Mr. MULLINS. Tedious, that is. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman says it
[ would be tedious.
1 Mr. MULLINS. Too tedious.
