478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 13,.
! proposition was to
substantially determined not to postpone the
consideration of this bill, and I believe my
colleague on the committee [Mr. Marshall]
voted against the proposition
Mr. MARSHALL. The p
postpone till Monday.
Several Members. And you voted against
it. [Laughter.]
Mr. MARSHALL. Yes, sir; but for a very
different reason from that which I now urge.
I did not wish to hasten the action of the
House by any vote of mine. We have a right
on all sides to vote so as to place obstacles in
the path of a measure of so great importance
as this.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a point of order.
On a motion to suspend the rules debate is not
in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. ROSS. Is it now in order to move to
postpone ?
The SPEAKER. You cannot move to
postpone a motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
113, nays 38, not voting 37 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arnell, Delos R.-
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Seaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blaine,
Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall.BucklanJ.Cake,
Cary, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Reader W. Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, Forriss, Ferry, Gar-
field, Gravely, Griswold, Harding, Hawkins, Higby,
Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, AsahelW. Hubbard, Chester
D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Judd,
Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Rctc'd^m, Kitchen, Koontz,
Laflin, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Lough-
ridge, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg, Mercur,
Miller, Moore, Moorhead. Morrell, Mullins, Myers,
Newcomb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Peters, Pike, Pile, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, Raum,
Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks* Smith,
Spalding, Aaron P. Stevens, Stokes, Thomas, John
Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward. Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Wash-
burn, Wclker, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Stephen F.
Wilson—114.
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Barnum, Beck, Brooks, Burr, Chanler, Eldridge, Fox,
Getz, Glossbrenner, Grover, Haight, Holman, Hotch-
kiss. Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson. Kerr,
Marshall, McCormick, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen,
Nicholson, Pruyn,Robinson, Ross, Sitgreaves, Stone,
Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken,Van Trump,
Wood, and Woodward—38.
NOT VOTING!—Messrs. Allison, Boyer, Butljr,
Cook, Cornell, Driggs, Eckley, Farnsworth, Fields,
Finney, Golladay, Halsey, Jenckes, Jones, Knott,
George V. Lawrence, Logan, Lynch, Maynard, Mc-
Cullough, Niblack, Phelps, Poland, Polsley, Ran-
dall, Selye, Shellabarger, Starkweather, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stewart, Taffe, Taylor, Burt Van Horn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Windom, and Woodbridge—36.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended.
During the roll-call,
Mr. CHANLER (who had voted in the affirm-
ative) said: I rise to inquire whether the Chair
will entertain a motion to reconsider this vote?
The SPEAKER. That question is scarcely
in order during the roll-call. The Chair will
state, however, that the vote on a motion to
suspend the rules cannot be reconsidered.
The rule is to be found on page 171 of Bar-
clay's Digest.
Mr. CHANLER. Then I change my vote
and vote "no."
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, under the operation
of the resolution, reported back from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary bill of the Senate (No.
163) declaring what shall constitute a quorum
of the Supreme Court, with an amendment.
The bill was read. It provides that any
number of the justices of the Supreme Court of
the United States not less than five, being a
majority thereof, shall constitute a quorum.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That no cause
pending before the Supreme Court of the United
States which involves the action or effect of any Jaw
of the United States shall be decided adversely to the
validity of such law without the concurrence of two
thirds of all the members of said court ill tho decision
opon tho several points in which said law or any part
thereof may be doomed invalid.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not desire at
this time to make any remarks concerning this
bill, and inasmuch as other gentlemen desire
to be heard I yield the floor.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I offer
the following amendment as a substitute for
the amendment reported by the committee:
That in all cases of writs of error from and appeals
to the Supreme Court of the United States, where is
drawn in question tho validity of a statute of or an
authority exercised by tho United States, or the con-
struction of any clause of tho Constitution of the
United States, or tho validity of a statute of or an
authority exercised under any State pn the ground
of repugnance to tho Constitution or laws of the
United States, the hearing shall be had only before
a full bench of the judges of said court, and no judg-
ment shall be rendered or decision made against the
validity of any statute or of any authority exercised
by the United States, except with the concurrence
of all the judges of said court.
Mr. Speaker, the amendment which I have
the honor to offer is a copy of a bill introduced
by me in the Thirty-Ninth Congress, which
seemed at the time of its introduction to startle
the profession and to some extent the country
at large. I thought it rested upon sound prin-
ciples, and I felt prepared to defend it; but it
occurred to me that it was perhaps a little too
late in the session and that it would be better
to let it lie over until it had been well consid-
ered and the professional and the public mind
were both matured and both prepared for its
discussion, which the former seems to be now,
judging from the vote of this House to-day.
Feeling myself under some responsibility, and
that I was called upon to explain the grounds
upon which I had submitted it, I desired the
privilege of having this matter passed over for
a few days. The same bill which I submit as
an amendment was reintroduced at the pres-
ent session of Congress and is now depending
before the Judiciary Committee. The amend-
ment reported by the committee involves a
recognition of the principle of that bill. The
question is merely as to the measure of secur-
ity, between more or less. The amendment
which I offer requires unanimity on the part
of the Supreme Court. The amendment of
the committee stops at two thirds.
My own judgment is that there is no reason
that will apply, no argument that can be offered
in favor of the amendment of the committee,
which does not apply with equal force to the
amendment submitted by myself. Still I was
not prepared to meet this question now. I
did not feel that the bill itself as prepared by
myself was sufficient in its details to meet the
exigencies of the case. There is nothing in it
to provide for the contingencies that may arise
in the decision of causes in the circuit court.
It wants further arrangement. It wants to be
perfected. It wants full consideration. If I
may be allowed to say it, this is a big question.
I do not think that the passage of the bill can
be facilitated by forcing it through here. Gen-
tlemen seem to be of the opinion that delay
would not answer. My opinion is different.
I do not think it will pass any sooner by being
forced through here to-day or to-morrow. It
seems to me that if it is well argued here the
principle might be so well vindicated as to
satisfy, perhaps, the other branch of the Legis-
lature.
But there is an apprehension that the country
will suffer by any delay. It is said that there is a
case now dependingin theSupreme Court of the
United States upon which this question may be
ruled to-day or to-morrow. Suppose such be
the fact—I do not know that there is any such
case—but suppose that such be the fact, that
such a case is now depending there, and a
decision is made by the court, what harm can
it effect? Instead of harm I think it will do
good, because it will awaken both Houses of
Congress to the necessity of some such pro-
vision as this, intended, as it is, to defend the
legislative power, which is the true sovereign
power of the nation. _ Suppose the Supreme
Court do makethe decision apprehended, what
will be the result? It will be the law in that
individual case and no more. And a bill passed
by the two Houses, upon full consideration,
well-matured as it ought to be, and which I
take it this is not, can be enacted in time to
prevent any further 'mischief to the country,
if any mischief can be inflicted now by a decis-
ion of that sort.
I did not rise, however, for the purpose of
making a speech upon this question. I desire
time, not only to enable me to prepare myself
upon it, and also to gain the strength which
will justify my doing so, but mainly to per-
fect this bill and put it in such a shape that it
may be safely passed by this Congress, as it is
not clearly now, in my judgment. I think this
| bill will be found not to work well in practice
if passed. I could show such to be the fact if
I had strength to do so, which I have not. I
have already ventured further upon my strength
than I have before for months. I ask permis-
sion of the House to print in the Globe such
remarks as I may be able to prepare upon this
subject.
No objection wp,s made, and leave was ac-
cordingly granted.
Mr. MAYNAllD. I would like to ask tho
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Williams]
to consent that his amendment be modified so
as to require a concurrence of three fourths of
the judges of the Silpreme Court, instead of, as
now, requiring a unanimous concurrence of
those judges.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I cannot
consent to that modification. My object in
the remarks I may make upon this subject
will be to show that there is no reason which
would authorize or warrant this House in re-
quiring the assent of two thirds of the Supreme
Court bench which would not be equally
applicable to a unanimous decision. We differ
only as U) the question of the measure of secur-
ity. A majority of the Committee on the
Judiciary think that two thirds are enough. I
think that where eight men claim the power of
legislating by construction, by ruling what the
Constitution of the United States is and what
it is not, we may well require the concurrent
voices of all these men when they are expected
to overthrow the decision of perhaps one hun-
dred and sixty lawyers of the two Houses of
Congress. It is not exacting a great deal to
require unanimity. It is upon that point that
I desire to make some remarks. If there is
anything in the argument for the two-thirds
rule the argument will show equally well that
a unanimous decision should be required, even
though the court were composed of one hun-
dred members, to reverse the decision of what
ought to be the high court of the nation.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not wish to debate
with the gentleman a question which he has
studied much more fully than I have. But I
would suggest to him that the effect of his
amendment would enable an eccentric or prag-
matical man upon the bench to control the
operations of the court.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Williams] that perhaps it would be well for
him to modify his amendment somewhat so
as to make it conform to the second section
of an act approved February 5, 1867. That
section, which I believe I had the honor to
prepare and to submit to the House, modifies
the original judiciary act and enlarges some-
what the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of
the United States. If I correctly understand
the amendment submitted by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, it is not as broad as tho
second section of the act of February 5, 1867.
I merely rise for the purpose of suggesting to
him that he make his amendment conform to
the second section of the act to which I have
referred, so that it shall be as broad in its
terms as that law.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. What
is the provision to which the gentleman refers?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will ask the
Clerk to read the section to which I refer.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That a final judg-
ment or decree in any suit in the highest court of a
State in which a decision in the suit eould be had,
where is drawn in question the validity of a treaty,
or statute of, or an authority exercised under, the
