1862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
and accompanying papers be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF ALABAMA.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the special order, being House bill No. 904,
for the admission of the State of Alabama,
upou .which Mr. BWstn was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania if he desires to go on
at this late hour, and, if not, whether he will
yield to me?
Mr. BOYER. I will yield for a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD. Before that motion is
made I ask the gentleman to yield to me to
ask unanimous consent to report back a bill
from the Committee on iMilitary Affairs, that
it may be passed.
Mr. BOYER. I will do so if it will not
come out of my time.
Mr. GARFIELD. It will not come out of
the gentleman's time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object
to anything now except the Alabama bill. My
Colleague and myself intend to use up this
evening.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Boyer] yield to me to ifiake
a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. BOYER. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
70, noes 31.
So the motion was agreed to ; and there-
upon (at four o'clock and eighteen minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rules, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By_Mr. BARNUM: The petition of Joseph
Jennings and 108 others, citizens of Black
Rook, Fairfield, and other sea-coast towns of
Connecticut, praying for an appropriation for
the protection of the harbor of Black Rock, in
said State, and for the repairing and extension
of the breakwater on Fairweather Island for
the protection of the abovenamed harbor.
Also, the petition of John Spencer and 158
others, citizens of the towns of Madison, Clin-
ton, and Westbrook, Connecticut, praying for
an appropriation for the protection and im-
provement of the harbor of Black Rock, in said
State, and for a breakwater on the reef extend-
ing from the southern end of Fair-sreather Island.
Also, the petition of the Middlesex Manufac-
turing Company and 52 others, citizens of Con-
necticut, owners and masters of vessels, mer-
chants, and other persons engaged in the trans-
portation of merchandise by water through Long
Island sound, praying for an appropriation for
the protection of the harbor of Black Rock,
Connecticut, and for a breakwater on the reef
extending from the south side of Fairweather
Island for the protection of vessels entering
said harbor.
Also, the petition of John Brooks and 92
others, citizens of Black Rock, Fairfield, and
other sea-coast towns in the States of Con-
necticut, and Newport, Rhode Island, owners
of vessels, merchants, and other persons en-
gaged in the transportation of merchandise
through Long Island sound, praying for an
appropriation for the protection of the harbor
of Black Rock, in the State of Connecticut,
and for the repairing and extension of the
breakwater on Fairweather Island.
By Mr. HILL: The remonstrance of jour-
neymen cigar-makers and manufacturers of
cigars in the city of Patterson, New Jersey,
against affixing a stamp to each cigar and in
relation to tax and tariff on cigars.
Also, the claim of Susan Young, of Morris
county, New Jersey, for pension.
. By Mr. HOPKINS: The petition of Joseph
Parkins, for additional pay for extra work as
contractor on the Rock Island arsenal.
By Mr. JUDD: A memorial of the Board
of Trade of the city of Chicago, Illinois, for an
additional grant of public lands to aid in build-
ing a ship-canal from Sturgeon bay to Lake
Michigan.
Also, the petition of the Board of Trade of
Chicago and George F. Foster and others,
vessel owners, asking an appropriation to com-
plete the harbor at White Lake, Michigan.
Also, the petition of Messrs. Hall, Kim-
book & Co. and others, asking Congress to
reduce the expenditures of the Government.
By Mr. JULIAN: The resolutions of 59
citizens of Richmond, Indiana, remonstrating
against the passage of the bill reported from
the Committee of Ways and Means^requiring
a stamp duty on cigars, and giving their reasons
for such remonstrance.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of 6 of the
slaves of the late George W. P. Custis, setting
forth that they had labored on his Arlington
estate severally from thirty-five to fifty-nine
years with no wages, and had been frequently
promised by said Custis that they should be
provided for on the estate in their old age, and
praying Congress to grant each of them a home-
stead of twenty acres out of said estate, which
is now the property of the United States.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of 300 em-
ployes of morocco manufacturers in the third
district, Pennsylvania, asking that foreign goat-
skins and Sicily sumac shall be relieved from
payment of duties.
By Mr. NIBLACK: A memorial of sundry
journeyman cigar-makers and manufacturers
of cigars of Evansville, Indiana, remonstrating
against taxing cigars by a separate stamp on
each cigar.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A memorial of Captain
James Marks, asking that all sea-going vessels
may be compelled by law to carry self-righting
life-boats.
By Mr. PAINE: The memorial of William
Torpfer and 113 others, journeymen cigar-
makers and manufacturers of cigars, of Wis-
consin, submitting a preamble and resolutions
relating to cigars.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of certain
parties asking for equalization of compensa-
tion to certain employes at the Capitol.
By Mr. SPALDING: The remonstrance of
Henry F. Clark and others, citizens of Cleve-
land, Ohio, against the passage of the inter-
national copyright bill.
By Mr. WARD: A remonstrance from citi-
zens of Elmira, New York, against the pro-
posed stamp tax on cigars.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana: A memo-
rial of the cigar manufacturers of the tenth
district of Indiana, remonstrating against the
passage of the stamp tax reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Also, a memorial oflate officers of the Army,
protesting against changing the law in refer-
ence to pay of officers' servants.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 13, 1868.
The following prayer was offered by Rev.
E. H. Gray, D. D.:
0 God! Thou art very great; we are very
insignificant. The world itself lies down in
the sepulcher of ages; but Thou, 0 God, dost
not write wrinkles on eternity. The earth has
its beauty and pleasures and pursuits and in-
terests, all of which are rapidly passing away ;
but eternity, ever present, unborn, undecay-
ing, is a link of that chain which composes
Thy being, 0 God, and the golden thread that
entwines all the destinies of the universe. We
pray that since we are thus allied to Thee and
connected with the great future, we may walk
worthy of the high vocation-wherewith we are
called, and may be prepared to discharge the
duty devolving upon us and to appreciate the
importance of the great mission upon which
we have been sent unto the world. - Let Thy
blessing, we pray Thee, be upon us; prepare us
to serve God according to His will in our day
and generation. Let Thy blessing, we pray
Thee, rest upon Thy servants who are about
to engage iu the discussion of matters and enter
upon a great and important duty upon which
the eyes of the nation and of the world rest.
May they be guided by Divine wisdom ; .may all
their acts be characterized by justice; and may
this high court be led to such a verdict as God
will approve in the high court of Heaven, and
to which all the people shall respond heartily
amen. And may the blessings of God, the
Father of Mercy and the Supreme Ruler, rest
upon the Senators and upon all in authority
and upon all the people to-day and forever-
more. Amen.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings.
At the expiration of ten minutes 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to dispense rnth
the further reading of the Journal. It consists
simply of a recitation of the action on various
pension bills.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous
consent.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of
Henry C. L. Keith, late assistant collector of
the first collection district of Texas, praying
the passage of a law for his relief, so that he
may receive compensation for services ren-
dered by him prior to his taking the oath pre-
scribed by act of Congress of July 2, 1862;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
He also presented the petition of the exec-
utive committee and other officers of the Amer-
ican Colonization Society, praying that the
Postmaster General be authorized to enter into
a contract with that society to carry monthly
mails between the United States and Liberia;
also, that the Secretary of the Interior be au-
thorized to pay the society $100 for everj' per-
son of color who shall emigrate to Liberia
under its auspices and aid; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the
Chamberof Commerce of Milwaukee, Wiscon-
sin, praying a grant of lands to aid in the con-
struction of a ship-canal from Sturgeon bay to
Lake Michigan ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the mayor
and council of Green Bay, Wisconsin, praying
a grant of lands to aid in the construction of a
ship-canal from Sturgeon bay to LalTe Michi-
gan ; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. YATES presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the Territory of Colorado, asking
an appropriation for .the erection of capitol
buildings for that Territory; which was referred
to the Committee on Territories.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Colorado Territory, remonstrating against an-
nexing certain portions of that Territory to the
Territory of New Mexico ; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of
merchants and importers of the city of New
York, praying that duties erroneously exacted
by reasons of non-allowance for drait on import-
ations of merchandise be refunded : which was
referred to the Committee on Finan :e.
He.also presented a memorial of nonorably
discharged officers of the late Army to sup-
press rebellion, protesting against the passage
of the bill prohibiting the payment of the com-
mutation for pay of officers' servants from May
1, 1864, to March 3, 1865 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition of dele-
gates to the constitutional convention of Vir-
ginia, praying a removal of the civil disabilities
imposed on J. M. Brickhoase, of that State,
