362
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June ,15,
Ho. of Heps.
National Debt—Mr. Beatiy.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
will bo soon in the following important document.
Wo m y roudily infer what horrors would ensue in
case the White House apostate now on trial should
be allowed to pur-uc his infamous career. If such
1 hings arc done in the green tree, what will be done
in the dry ?
Washington, D. C., April 21,1808.
Dear Sir: As constituents identified with you in
the sucess of your administration, we beg leave to
call your attention to what cannot haveescaped your
notice, the disorders prevalent in ccrtain localities
of our Scate. Lawlessness and violence have attained
alarming proportions. Peaceable citizens are terri-
fied by^ threatening missives; the sanctity of their
home* is invaded, often in the hours of sleep; their
property is consigned to the flames; some are seized
and scourged ami otherwise cruelly maltreated; oth-
ers at e shot dead, or banged, or subjected to some
other form of murder and assassination. Punishment
raioly follows, and in most instances no form of
legal redress is resorted to. On the contrary, the
victims of these outrages are maligned and their
characters defamed by the pcrpotrators, whoso con-
duct finds many toconnivo at it, and not a few openly
to justify it.
Upon you, as the First Magistrate and peace officer
of the State, devolves the duty, under the constitu-
tion and the laws, ofseeing these di&oidcrs suppressed.
Not the statute jaw merely, but the common law,
even without legislative enactment, clothes you with
very high powers. You do not hear the sword in
vain. The safely of the people is the supreme law,
and nothing less than the exorcise of ail the physical
and moral force of the State, by summoning to your
aid, it need be, all the good people of every age, sex,
color, and condition, will satisfy its imperative
requirements
Tiie community mu-'t bo protected at nil hazards
and at whatever cost. Happily for oar beloved State,
the exercise of this extraordinary authority has sel-
dom been required; so rarely, indeed, that some are
possibly unaware of its existence. We refer to it,
therefore, not only by way of admonition to evil-
doers, but to shield you, so far as our counsel can do
it, from the imputation of transcending your just
and legitimate powers in taking all necessary meas-
ures to suppress the maladies afflicting the people.
We respectfully suggestthe propriety of organizing
and arming, under the recent act of Assembly, a
small militia lorcc, with judicious and competent
officers, to be stationed at points where the civil law
is found the least efficient, to repress and punish
high-handed ciime. Weknow yourindisposition to
impose unncessary burdens upon our people, already
oppressed with debt and impoverished by war; and
have the utmost confidence that you will exercise
your great official powers within the limits of neces-
sity as defined by the demands of humanity. While
wo hope not to sec our State government driven to
dependence upon national protection, we, at the
same time, hope soon to see the moral influence of
the national Government exerted in its behalf or
against its enemies.
We have tho honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servants,
HORACE MAYNARD,
.JOHN TRIMBLE.
SAMUEL M.ARNELL,
W. 13. STOKES,
JAMES MULLINS,
R. R. BUTLER.
JOSEPH R. FOWLER,
D. A. DUNN.
His Excollency William G. Brownlow,
Governor of Tennessee.
Iiow pleasaut for brethern to dwell together
in unity.
Mr. Speaker, I close by submitting the
question to the earnest and patriotic men of
ail parties : Has the State of Tennessee a re-
publican form of government to-dny?
Thanking tho committee for their patient
attention and courtesy, I yield the floor.
National Debt.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN BEATTY,
of oirio,
Is tee House of Representatives,
June 15, 1868,
In Committee of tho Whole on the state of the Union.
Air. BEATTY. Mi-. Chairman, one of the
greatest evils resulting from the war is the
national debt. How to manage this debt at
present and get rid of it in the future involves
questions which cannot be too thoroughly con-
sidered by the Representatives of the people.
Managed however skillfully it will continue a
great burden to the country. Unwisely man-
aged it must lead us to national bankruptcy.
At this time the people are looking with
iutense anxiety to Congress, apprehensive lest
it may take some step in reference to the debt
which will prove disastrous, yet hopoful that it
may determine on some plan which will enable
them to carry the burden with greater ease,
and open up in the early future a way to get
rid of it forever.
This debt amounts now, in round numbers,
to $2,600,000,000. It matters not by whom
the bonds are held ; it is enough to know that
the country owes tho debt and it must be
Much the larger portion of this debt will
soon be represented by five-twenty bonds,
which the Government has wisely reserved the
privilege of paying any time after five and
before twenty years from the date of their issue.
In reference to the kind of money in which
these bonds maybe paid, the time of payment,
the rate of interest which should be allowed on
Government securities, and the kind of money
in which the interest should be paid, there
exists an essential difference of opinion among
honest men.
johnsox-si'cullocii policy.
Oneparty, respectable in numbers and influ-
ence, contends that the five-twenty bonds,
according to law and equity, are redeemable
only in coin.
platform op the onio republican's.
Others hold that these bonds should be paid
in any currency of the country which may be
a legal tender when the payment is ordered.
scheme op the ohio democracy.
Another party, holding that they may be
paid in the legal-tender currency of the coun-
try, and opposed, as they say, "to extending
the time of payment," propose to issue an
amount of greenbacks sufficient to pay off the
entire sum represented by these bonds. To
the latter proposition the objections are innum-
erable, and some of them of the most serious
character. The first is the violation, which it
proposes, of the solemn pledge of the Govern-
ment made substantially in previous acts, and
definitely in the act of June 30, 186-1, as
follows:
" Nor shall the total amount, of United State? notes
issued ur to be issued, ever exceed $100,000,000, and
such additional sum, not exceeding $50.000.000, as may
bo temporarilyrcquired for redemption of temporary
loan."
As an indication of the deplorable conse-
quences certain to follow a departure from this
limit, and as an illustration of the utter folly
of those who favor the scheme under consid-
eration, I read from Richard Horner Mills's
"Principles of Currency and Banking," in
reference to the practical workings of a similar
scheme which doubtless had distinguished and
learned advocates in its day :
"Fbench Assic,nats—Svstems of currency have
been from time to time established which, confiding
the issue of the circulating medium either to the
State or to private companies, have provided no
limit to such issues but the discretion and caprice
of the issuers. Such was tho scheme of the French
assignats in the year 1790. At the first issue of these
assignats theamount was limited by lawto 400,000.000
francs, but in spite of this enactment in tho space
ofstx years the issue amounted tono less asumfhan
45,579,000,000 lrnncs. So gioat was tho depression
occasioned by this over issue that in the year 1796, an
assignat professing to be woitll 100 lranes, four
pounds, (or about twenty do liars of our money,) was
currently exchanged tor five sous, six deniers, or
rather less than threepence, (or about six cents
American monev,) and this, too, notwithstanding a
law punishing with twenty years'imprisonment m
irons any one who should he convicted of tho offense
of taking assignats at less ihan par. Tho ultimate
result was that 32.835,000.000 trancs. of the nominal
value of £1,313,000,000 sterling, was left as mere waste
paper in the hands of the holders. Such deprecia-
tion as this amounted practically to the rescinding
of every contractin the country."
The impracticable schemer who would tell a
farmer that it' he were to use a hundred half
bushels instead of one to measure his grain
that it would increase the quantity in his bin j
would be laughed at for his folly. The man !
who thinks that wealth can be created in any {
other way than by laborious delving in the j
earth and skillful adaptation of the varied pro- j
ductions and acquisitions of labor to the wants !
of life is an impracticable dreamer. The man
who supposes that the Government, by the use
of the printing press at its command, can at
pleasure create wealth, is certainly not blessed
with common sense. Notwithstanding all that
may be said to the contrary, it is substantially
true that a paper dollar is only valuable so far
as it represents a gold dollar. Calculating
money at the rate of four per cent, interest, a
dollar payable fifty years hence without interest
is worth less than fourteen cents payable at that
time with interest; payable in forty years less
than twenty cents; in thirty years less than
thirty cents, and in ten years less than sixty-
seven cents. The extent of the depreciation
of paper depends on the certainty or uncer-
tainty of its final payment, the time which must
elapse before payment and the interest which
it bears to time of payment. The public mind,
taking all these things into consideration, dis-
counts the paper which it takes, and this dis-
count is the depreciation.
The depreciation of our present United States
note is about forty per cent. If with less than
four hundred millions there is a depreciation
of forty per cent, from the true standard, what
would bo the depreciation if the amount ex-
ceeded two thousand millions? Would it not
amount to eighty or ninety per cent.? What
would be the expenses of Government as meas-
ured by this standard? What would be the
taxes? A farmer under sneh a system would
be compelled to carry liis money to the county
treasurer by the wagon-load, and in bags instead
of in his pocket. But it is said that it will pay
debts. Who would give credit and be com-
pelled to take this depreciated paper in return?
Who that had farm or stock, or anything valu-
able, would exchange it for such trash, which
neither bore interest or any evidence that it
would ever be paid ? But it is said the amount
would not exceed two thousand millions. How
do we know it would not? It is said Congress
would make that pledge ; but Congress has
already made such a pledge, and if it violates
this pledge may it not violate that? Therefore,
who would believe Congress? Who fan doubt
that the increase of Government expenses, as
measured by the debased standard, would ren-
der additional issues necessary, and that these
issues would continue until the paper ceased to
circulate and the business of the country brought
to a dead lock?
The act of June 30, 1804, is the embankment
that protects us from a flood which threatens
to overwhelm and utterly prostrate every ma-
terial interest of the country. It stands up
to-day between our people and bankruptcy.
Disregard this pledge and you not only rob the
bondholder, the holderof greenbacks, butalso
the widow and orphan of their annuities, the
laborer of his salary, the soldier, the soldier's
widow and soldier's children of their scanty
pension. Those who favor this scheme would,
in addition to the present sum, throw upon the
country within the next five years over seven-
teen hundred millions of paper money, worth-
less as a medium of exchange, worthless as a
measure of value, worthless® alike to farmer,
merchant, manufacturer, or laborer, so depre-
ciated, cuinbious, and unwieldy, iliat it would
be thrown away like the continental currency
of our fathers as trash, which retarded and
prevented, rather than facilitated, exchanges.
The end would be a grand repudiation of all
contracts b'tween the Government and the
people and between man and man. But. sup-
pose we grant that this currency would not
depreciate to theextent described, and suppose,
what is very improbable, that ten years hence
it still retained some value, have you any doubt
but that some patriotic and honest gentleman,
who had an eye to the votes of his district,
would rise in his seat and argue in favor of its
repudiation upon the ground that capitalists
had bought it up for a song, and therefore it
would be a great outrage to require the people
to be taxed for its redemption.
