1868.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
3911
they would, I think, be impregnable. It is
because they yielded that platform with its
great and patriotic principles that they have
become weak.
The honorable Senator spoke of ray refer-
ence to Grant and his indifference in battle. I
believe that General Grant is a patriotic and
honest man; he is unquestionably a man of
courage and of will; but I do not think he has
one other single quality of a great military
man. When you speak of intellect that can
plan a great campaign and that can take intu-
itively and comprehensively into its conception
of the movements of a great army, he is as
unequal to that work as he is to make a world.
He has had success. What was the secret of
it ? He fought the battle of Belmont, in which
he was badly used up. He went to Pittsburg
Landing and there he encountered sore defeat,
and even the Union officers who followed
Bueli's lead there and regained the lost day
say that if Johnston had reformed he would
have destroyed Grant and the Army under
him; and I doubt it not. It was the gunboats
in the river that saved him then. The siege
and capture of Fort Donelson was the work
of Smith, a much abler man naturally and as
a soldier and as a scientific warrior than ever
Grant was or ever could be, if he should live
to the age of Methuselah. If Buell had not
reached the field of Pittsburg Landing, Grant
and his army would have been destroyed and
we should not have heard of this candidate for
the Presidency.
When he came here to the Wilderness and
moved upon that lme, as he said he would
fight it out on that line if it took him all sum-
mer, he did not fight it out on that line; he
deployed fiom it every day until he reached
the point wheie McClellan struck for Rich-
mond, and in this bloody enfilade upon the
enemy he lost fifty per cent, more of soldiers
than that enemy commanded. He lost in
killed, wounded, and missing from eighty to
one hundred thousand men. Look at the cor-
respondence between McClellan and Stanton
when McClellan was before the same point
two years before. You recollect the story,
not of McCIellan's disastrous campaign, but
of the base and infamous manner in which he
and his army were abandoned by the authori-
ties here. He was promised the corps of Mc-
Dowell, forty-five or fifty thousand, a division
of ten thousand in the upper valley, and ten
thousand more from Fortress Monroe. If he
had received these reinforcements then and
there, in thirty days Richmond would have
fallen; the rebels would have yielded; half a
million of slaughtered men would have been
saved to their country and their families, and
a thousand or fifteen hundred millions of treas-
ure would have been saved to the nation. We
all knew that the object was not to suppress
the rebellion ; it was not war to put down the
insurgents ; it was war upon slavery and slave-
holders, and the war was to be prosecuted
until slavery was abolished and until the slave-
holders were subjugated. All who were here
at the time knew it to be so. This man Stan-
ton was in the War Office.
After McClellan met with his reverses in the
seven days' battles and he and the Government
began to feel apprehensive for the safety of
the Army, he wrote to McClellan exhorting
him to bring it off safely. What did McClel-
lan say ? " if I am enabled to effect that work,
I shall owe its success neither to you nor to
any man in Washington." He had said before,
"Give me fifty thousand men of reenforce-
ments; give me the men you promised me,
and 1 will bring this war to a close." He
called for fifty thousand troops to reenforce
his Army that then was not more than equal,
if it was equal, to the enemy behind his in-
trenchments. That was refused. Then he
asked successively for thirty thousand and
twenty thousand, and the invariable answer
was, •' No; a man cannot be spared;'' but when
the present candidate for the Presidency was
appointed to command that Army he could
meet the enemy and suffer his bloody slaughter
of ten thousand a day and each day more than'
replenish the places of those slaughtered in his
ranks. He received in the way of reinforce-
ments thousands and tens of thousands more
of men than McClellan had when he beleagured
Richmond.
Mr. President, it is not because he is a mili-
tary hero. It is not because he has great
capacity in war. He has no such capacity. It
is because he is an uninformed man, a stranger
to statesmanship and policy. Ho comes a
novice into the hands of his keepers; they will
manipulate him as they please; and because
he holds the command of the Army, and you
have made him by your unconstitutional laws
to supersede the Constitution itself, and to
supplant the President in the command of the
armies in the ten States and to a limited extent
in the whole United States, you have nominated
General Grant.
Sir, I told the honorable Senator from Ne-
vada that we had two great issues here. The
first is, Shall the bayonet or the Constitution be
the law ? and the other is, Shall the negroes ap-
point the President of. the United States, and
shall this be a negro Government or a white
maa s Government? These are the issues, sim-
ple, comprehensive ; and we care not where
mes stand on other and immaterial issues if
they are right here. If the men who voted for
the resolution proposed by Andrew Johnson
after the battle of Bull Bun had adhered faith-
fully to that resolution, I would always have
been their supporter as I was then. Now, I do
not care who battles against the bayonet for
the Constitution, who battles for the white
man's Governmentagainstnegro Government,
I ain with him. if the honorable Senator from
Nevada would come I would hail him as an
ally in that cause if I believed him faithfully
and truly enlisted in it. Talk not of "green-
backs !''
What are greenbacks when put in contrast
with popular liberty and constitutional gov-
ernment? Nothing; but that platform says
that the obligations of the Government are to
be met according to the bond. If the honor-
able gentleman excepts to that let him except
to it; but that is nothing, not the dust in the
balance compared with the great, controlling,
grand issues that address themselves to the
American mind with resistless force. Are you
for maintaining the supremacy of the bayonet
and martial law, or are you for sustaining the
Constitution? Are you for the white man's
Government or are you for negro Government?
Are you for eight million white slaves under
the mastery of four million negroes in the
South, or are you for enlarging the white
men of the South and restoring to them that
political power and that right of government
which the Constitution secures to them ? These
are the issues. They are important issues.
They are the issues on which I enter into this
contest and upon which I intend to wage and
maintain it.
The honorable Senator seemed to suppose
that I contemplated there being double sets of
electoral votes from the southern States. I
expect no such thing. I do not believe the
majority of Congress and the Army will per-
mit any free election in those States. When-
ever the Army is withdrawn those States,
white men and negroes, will vote against the
Radicals. Any of those States which may bo
allowed to vote at the ensuing election will
vote under their reorganized constitutions. I
have no dream that there will be any attempt
to set up any previous governments and to cast
a vote under them. If it should be so, they
will be stifled, suppressed, they will not be
allowed; but if you will allow a free election
there under your own laws, you will lose more
than half the votes of those States. I have no
hope nor dream of a free election under your
own laws. You back up your laws by military
compulsion and by the presence of the bureau,
and 3'ou will not allow anything like a free
election even under your own laws.
Mr. MORTON. Air. President, I bavo no
defense to make for General Grant; he needs
none. I simply rise to call the Senator from
Kentucky back to the great issue presented by
the New York convention, and that issue is
the issue of peace or war. General Blair wrote
a letter to a member of that convention less
than one week ago, iu which he said, "If we
elect our President"—that is the substance
of it—" it will be his duty to use the Army of
the United States to overturn and to disperse
the State governments that have been erected
in the_ South under the action of Congress."
That is rebellion ; that is war. He says, "If
I go before the convention I want to go before
it upon these principles." He says, "The
question of greenbacks, of finance, of taxing
bonds and all that are unimportant compared
with this." And he went before the conven-
tion on that letter, and be was nominated almost
unanimously on the first ballot. That is the
great and broad issue presented to this coun-
try, and is not to be obscured by attacks on
General Grant or by anything that maybe said
of the past. It will now be more important
to talk of the future rebellion that is threatened
and promised by the Democratic party than
even to talk of the past.
Mr. President, this is the issue, and I should
have been glad to have heard the Senator on
that issue. He supports General Blair, he
supports Mr. Seymour. The Senator from
Pennsylvania last night said that they had laid
down a platform. Yes, sir; the logical result
of the platform laid down by the convention is
the same thing as General Blair's letter. They
declare that the reorganized State governments
in the South are unconstitutional, null, and
void. The logical result of that is what Gen-
eral Blair has said. General*Blair has made
his utterance. He says, " I go before the con-
vention upon this declaration of war against
these State governments," and the convention
takes him; the Senator takes him ; the con-
vention has affirmed the declaration of General
Blair and there is no escape from it. I call
upon Senators, therefore, to meet the issue
boldly and frankly and not attempt to obscure
it as the cuttle-fish does in which he makes
his escape. Sir, this, then, is the issue : shall
there be acquiescence in and submission to
the action of Congress; shall we again have
peace in this country ; shall we again resume
our progress, growth, and prosperity ; or shall
war become the normal condition of the Uni-
ted States as it has been of other countries?
The Democratic party has declared for war,
continuous, unending war except upon the
condition of the success of the principles of
the rebellion.
Mr. DAYIS. Mr. President, a word in reply
to my honorable friend. The convention at
New York formed their platform before they
nominated their candidates. They do not
square their platform according to their can-
didates, but they make their candidates square
their opinions and purposes according to the
platform. As I understand the platform, it
does not present any issue of war which has
occurred to the imagination of the honorable
Senator from Indiana. They do not allow
their candidates, if I understand the principle
upon which they act, to make platforms for the
party. I am not of the party ; I was not rep-
resented in it; 1 had no voice in making the
platform; I am speaking of it simply as I
understand it. They make a platform upon
which their candidates must take position, and
by which they must square their principles and
their purposes in the canvass if they should be
elected.
Now, sir, I am not for any war at the term-
ination of this election for the Presidency ; nor
for war for the inauguration of the President
who is elected, whoever he may be; but I be-
lieve, as I said before, that the numbers in
favor of the Constitution over the bayonet,
and of the white man's President over the
President of the negroes will be a majority of
three fourths of all the electoral votes.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to ask the Senator
a question, with his permission. I ask if' there
is any repugnance or disagreement between
