.1868.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
National Debt—Mr. Beatty.
Ho. of Rej>s.
If it needed an additional kick to send it to
the rag-bag, it would in this way finally receive
it. liepeal the act of June 30,1864, and com-
mence the further issue of greenbacks, to be
governed simply by " the discretion or caprice
of the issuers," and you will go back to specie
payments with such tremendous force as to
crush every commercial and industrial interest
of the country. You may then look for the
years of the lean kine, in which manufacturers
would fail, merchants become bankrupt, credit
annihilated, and laborers thrown out of em-
ployment ; years in which cries would go up
from thousands of famishing and desperate
men, who, rather than suffer their wives or
children to perish of hunger or cold, would bid
defiance to all law and take whatever their
necessities required. In our cities riot, de-
bauchery, and crime would darken the day
and make the night hideous, during which
no property would be secure, and no person
could hope to lie down in safety; and when
these calamities shall have culminated, the
storm of passion, misery, and crime abated,
and order again restored, the nation would find
that by this act of consummate folly it had lost
the accumulated wealth of more than half a
century. It is said, and I have no doubt truly,
" that the distress and suffering occasioned by
the depreciation and final worthlessness of the
assignats in the time of the French revolution
exceeded a hundredfold that caused by the
prison and the guillotine."
The advocates of this scheme forget that our
departure from the coin standard under ordi-
nary circumstances would have been most
unwise, and that we were driven from it by the
necessities of the time. Becomingfamiliarized
with the Government greenbacks they insanely
imagine that an increase in the quantity of this
money will in some way increase the commod-
ities whose value it is intended to measure.
They can conceive that lengthening the yard-
stick would in nowise increase the cloth to be
measured, but appear blind to the fact that an
increase iu quantity of the measure of values
cannot increase the value to be measured,
nor can they conceive that the measure itself
may be made so extremely long as to be un-
wieldy and utterly worthless as a measure.
PAYMENT or THE FIVE-TWENTIES.
The proposition to continue the five-twenty
loan, and ultimately to pay it in gold, is objec-
tionable because it continues a burden undi-
minished, when we have the right, as well as
the ability, to make it lighter, and put it in a
form more satisfactory to those who are com-
pelled to carry it. The loyal people, rich and
poor, who stepped forward in the time of the
nation's trial and manifested their confidence
in the ultimate triumph of loyal arms by pur-
chasing Government bonds, are entitled to the
gratitude of the country and to the honest
profit which resulted from their investments.
They have lost thus far nothing by their loyalty.
In fact those who had most confidence in the
final success of our arms made, and deserved
to make, the greatest pecuniary gains. The
war is over and we can make better terms now,
simply because that which many before con-
sidered doubtful is now a realized certainty.
The depressed and struggling operator,
engaged in some new enterprise, the final suc-
cess of which many doubt, is compelled to
obtain money upon the best terms he can He
must pay for the risk which the lender assumes.
He does this cheerfully, thanklul that there
are those sufficiently adventurous to take the
risk. But when he emerges from his embar-
rassment; when he has demonstrated his ability
to pay, and his credit is above suspicion, if a
sensible business man, he considers the pro-
priety of effecting a new loan upon terms more
advantageous to himself. T his is business like;
and it is right. He proposes to injure no one,
to violate no contract, or to turn his back upon
no friend. He was from the first confident of
success, and reserved the right to pay at the
expiration of a certain period if he found it to
his interest to do so. He now chooses to make
payment, and if he has not money enough of
his own he proposes to borrow at a lower rate
for the purpose. No one can question his
right to do this. It is an honorable, manly,
and sensible transaction. This is simply what
the Government should do; that is, effect a loan
at a lower rate of interest, pay oft' the matured
debt, and the five-twenties so soon as the
option in the bond will permit.
It is said, however, that these bonds are
redeemable in coin only, and that it is impos-
sible to obtain coin to pay the debt as proposed.
Here I take issue with the objector, and deny
that these bonds are payable only in gold. The
act of February 25, 1862, authorizing the first
issue of United States notes, declares in the
first section that these notes—
" Shall bereceivable ill paymentof all taxes, inter-
nal duties, excises, debts, and demands of ev(!ry kind
due the United States, except duties on imports, and
of all claims and demands against the United States
of every kind whatsoever, except for interest upon
bonds and notes, which shall be paid in coin."
The act provides further that they—
" Shall also be lawful money and a legal tender in
the payment of all debts, public and private, within
the United States, cxceptdut.es on imports and inter-
est on the public debt."
The second section of this act provides for
the issue and sale of five-twenty bonds, " re-
deemable at the pleasure of the United States,
after live years, and payable twenty years from
date." It authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to dispose of these bonds for " the
coin of the United States, or for any of the
Treasury notes that have been or may here-
after be issued, under any former act of Con-
gress, (demand notes referred to,) or for Uni-
ted States notes that may be issued under the
provisions of this act."
The acts of July 11,1862. and March 3,1803,
providing for further issues of greenbacks, both
reiterate that " they shall be lawful money and
a legal tender in payment of all debts." All
these laws were passed before these five-twen-
ties were sold. Thus we find the law author-
izes the issue of the greenbacks, and gives
them power to pay all debts, except duties on
imports and interest on the public debt. Then
it authorizes and provides lor the contraction
of a debt; or, in other words, we find first,
authority given to create a money which shall
pay all debts; second, authority given to con-
tract a debt. Is it possible, therefore, to resist
the conclusion that this debt may be paid with
this money?
It is said, however, by those who differ with
us on this question, that the act of February
25, 1802, provided that any holder of United
States notes depositing any sum not less than
fifty dollars, or some multiple of fifty, should
receive an equal amount of five twenty bonds,
and it is therefore claimed that these bonds
cannot be redeemed with a currency which
by law has a right to demand conversion into
bonds. The act here referred to authorized
the issue of greenbacks with this right of con-
version. The greenbacks were issued and taken
by the people, the bonds were not; and before
the bonds were sold the act of March 3, 1863,
was passed, which declared that—•
"The holders of United States notes, issued under
and by virtue ol said acts, (February 25.1862, and July
11, 1862.) shall present the same for the purpose of
exchanging the same for bonds as therein provided,
on or before the 1st day of July, 1S63, and thereafter
the right so to exchange the same shall ceasc and
determine."
After the passage of this act, which also pro-
vided for a further issue of greenbacks, the
five-twenty bonds were sold, and of course all
who desired to take advantage of the right of
conversion did so before July 1, I860, and
received from the Secretary of the Treasury
five-twenty bonds in exchange for their notes.
Those who preferred not to do so held the
greenbacks with the full understanding that
the right to convert them had ceased. Those
who bought the bonds did so after the passage
of the act which settled .definitely the power
of the greenback over the bond.
But it is said that the agents of the Govern-
ment declared the bonds were payable in gold.
If this be true it was simply the unauthorized
opinion of the agents, which might have been
honestly entertained, but in this case could in
no wise bind the principal. At the time many
believed they would be so paid, and why? Not
because the agent said so, not because the law
contemplated or provided for such payment,
but simply because they thought that before
the bonds matured the Government would be
ready to resume specie payments. This opin-
ion, unwarranted by anything in the loan laws,
was found to be erroneous; and because it
prevailed to some extent is no reason why we
should be bound either in law or in equity to
do what we never agreed to do.
Jay Cooke, an honest and able financier,
advertised and sold these bonds. His opinion
as to the termination of the war, the resump-
tion of specie payment, better, doubtless, than
the opinion of most men, was, however, not
infallible. As a warning to all not to trust too
fully to what could then only be mere conjec-
ture was the plain simple notice in the bonds,
that they were "redeemable at the pleasure
of the Government after five years, and pay-
able twenty years from date." And the green-
backs for which they were exchanged bore the
conspicuous notice, staring all men in the face,
so palpable that the '•wayfaring man, though a
fool, could not err therein," that they were a
legal tender for all debts, public and private,
except duties on imports and interest on the
public debt.
Can there be any doubt, therefore, in view
of the law and the facts, that these bonds are
payable in lawful money of the country ; and
is the bondholder injured by this conclusion?
Certainly not. We have paid him thus far a
good round interest. We propose to continue
the payment of the interest until we redeem
the bond. We propose to pay him money
which has fully as much, if not more, purchas-
ing power than that which he gave us for the
bond. Can he have any ground for complaint?
The broker who has been loaning money at two
per cent, a month, may be somewhat loth to
receive payment of the principal, because he
regards it a profitable investment, and would
be glad to continue it; but he certainly can-
not refuse the money when tendered, nor can
he consider himself iujured because the debtor
finds he can do better elsewhere.
It is asked by those who hold that these
bonds can only be paid in coin, what is meant
by the word " dollar," which the greenb-.ck
promises to pay? I answer a gold dollar.
These greenbacks must ultimately be paid in
gold, but until they are so redeemed ihey are
by law a legal tender in the payment of all
debts, &c.
Because the "dollar" referred to in the
greenback is so many grains of gold, it does
not follow by any means that the "dollar"
referred to in the live-twenty bonds, in the
appropriation bills, in the laws giving soldiers
bounty, widows pensions, or Government em-
ployes salary, must also be a dollar iu gold.
The "dollar" referred to in all these acts is
the legal-tender "dollar" of the country. That
foreign capitalists were governed by the letter
of the law in the purchase of these bonds is
evidenced by the fact that while bonds bearing
less interest are now and have been selling at
par our bonds have never brought more than
seventy-five cents in any European market. I
know that those who insist upon the redemption
of these bonds in coin denounce j"°?e w"°
differ with them as repudiators and violators
of the faith of the nation. But. these harsh
words fall lightly, simply because they prove
nothing, and proceed genera.ly from the bank-
