3912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
the platform adopted, in the shape of resolu-
tions, and the letter of Francis P. Blair, and
if so to point it out?
Mr. DAVjS. I have not read Mr. Blair's
letter with any particularity, but I think that it
r-peaks wider, broader, than the platform speaks
or intended to speak.
Mr. KUCKALEW". Ml1. President, my idea
Is that the issue of reconstruction is dependent
upon popular votes in the States represented
.a Congress, 1 went over the grounds of that
opinion last night, and attempted to vindicate it.
Of course I shall not repeat the argument on this
occasion, but I refer to it as constituting, in the
main, my answer to the present remarks of the
Senator from Indiana.
I have an idea that when the people in their
sovereign capacity—I mean in the States about
whose organization there is no doubt—shall
have pronounced their judgment, there will be
an acquiescence in it and no necessity for any
party to resort to force. 1 have an idea that
the currents of human action, particularly in
our country, are governed by moral causes ;
that this country is under the dominion of
moral power, and that the force of popular
judgment, as expressed in the presidential
election of the present year, will be potential
and efficacious in itself and in its direct and
necessary consequences to terminate this pro-
tracted dispute over reconstruction. That is
my view.
Now, let me tell the Senator that in the
case supposed, the case of a majority given in
the adhering and regularly-organized States,
I undertake to say that the Supreme Court
will have its mouth opened ; there will be no
longer any attempt to muzzle that court; we
shall get its honest judgment of the legality of
the system, at least ol the military part of it
which was involved in a case pending before
it, when the present Congress undertook to
withdraw jurisdiction by a particular bill. I
undertake to say that when the freemen of this
country in their sovereign capacity, upon this
very subject of reconstruction,have pronounced
heir voice, in these very ten States concerned
there will be acquiescence, there will be no pop-
ular turbulence, there will be no necessity to
resort to force in order to carry into execution
the judgment of the people.
I do not agree with General Blair that it
would be necessary to overturn everything
and remit society back into a state of complete
disorganization. It may be thought provident
and politic to use existing forms, to give them
such modification as the Constitution and the
principles of justice may require; and I have
no doubt that there will be concurrence and
assistance, as well as acquiescence in these
very States themselves. They understand that
n majority of the adhering people of the United
States, who went to war with them and by
whose patriotism and whose sacrifices the result
was achieved have a moral power to determine
this very question of reconstruction ; and they
will acquiesce, I venture to say, promptly and
thoroughly in any judgment which these north-
ern and western populations may pronounce.
However this may be, sir, the whole point
made by the Senator from Indiana is answered
by the platform itself, made before candidates
were selected, in which the judgment of the con-
vention was pronounced upon this question of
reconstruction, and it was handed over to the
people for their judgment. There is no threat
of war, of violence, of revolution, of unlaw-
ful action. These men are freemen, loving
the institutions of our Government and desir-
ous to maintain them ; and in an orderly and
legal and patriotic manner they submit this
■subject of reconstruction which Congress has
controlled to the decision of the masters of
Congress, the decision of the people them-
selves. That is all they have done in their plat-
form ; that is all they have asked of the people,
a judgment upon the merits of this question,
and a judgment upon it for the first time. The
people have never had an opportunity yet to
pronounce upon it, because there has been no
election of members of Congress since I860,
and all these reconstruction laws have been
passed since. What the convention did was
to send down to the people for their sovereign
judgment this question. It was an appeal from
the political majority in the two Houses of
Congress that they framed there, and they have
sent it to those who are competent to pass
judgment uponitand whosejudgmentwillcarry
such moral power and strength that it will be
felt throughout our country and it will repress
all elements of turbulence and disorder. It
will not be necessary to levy armies, to gather
munitions of war, to awake the passions of
the people of this country, to array them in
hostile camps against each other. The insti-
tutions of our fathers give us means for a peace-
able solution of this question of recons ruction.
We ask no more; we expect nothing else.
If we are beaten in this issue, we submit be-
cause it is the decision of the highest authority
and of the highest power in this country. If
the decision is with us, justly and of right, and
of necessity also, the contrivances of the politi-
cal majority in Congress must go down before
the judgment of the people, and they will go
down. I attempted last night to state the
grounds for this judgment and to vindicate it
by reasons which must be most apparent to
every intelligent observer.
The Senator from Indiana would raise a
specter of war to fright us from our propriety;
to prevent a just popular judgment upon the
real question in controversy between the great
parties of this country. Sir, he will fail. They
were not alarmed in former years when the
specter of war was shaken before them. They
went forward and they executed their purpose.
Whether it was right or wrong they had cour-
age and will to pursue their own course and
to pronounce their own judgment; and just so
it will be in the elections of the present year.
The Senator from Indiana is to go to his peo-
ple upon the merits of this controversy and
get their judgment as freemen upon it from
beginning to end. All these laws are to be
passed in review, and for the first time, as I
said before, judgment is to be pronounced
upon them ; and nobody is to be frightened,
nobody is to be alarmed. This people are
sovereign ; and their will is the fundamental
law, higher and behind even the written forms
of the Constitution itself. They are not to be
alarmed by this cry which comes up to us from
the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I ask for the yeas and
nays on this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Th^ PRESIDENT pro tempore The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York to the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have
the original resolution and the amendment
both read.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask that all three proposi-
tions that are lying on the Clerk's desk be now
read, the original resolution, tho amendment
I proposed, and that offered by the Senator
from New York.
The resolution and amendments were read.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, if there
be any one here who has not listened with
pleasure to the very eloquent speeches of which
this measure has been the occasion it is he
who remember, that this is the 10th of July,
and that abundant opportunity will be afforded
on the platform and at the hustings for the
discussion of all those questions which have
been so earnestly presented to-day. The prop-
osition before us is an eminently practical one ;
it is a proposal to do that which, properly un-
derstood, it seems to us, will be tho subject of
universal accord, if we can only hit upon the
mode of bringing it about. The law as it is
now, by the Constitution, is precisely the law
as each one of these three propositions attempts
to declare it. By the Constitution, without
referring to any part of it except a single clause
of the second article, it is clearly for Congress,
or for the Senate sitting in the presence of the
House of Representatives and counting the
votes, to see to it that no State is represented
unless the condition of things concurs pro-
vided in each of these propositions. The lan-
guage of the Constitution is that—
" Each State shall appoint, in such manner ns tho
Legislature thereof may direct, a number of electors
equal to the whole number of Senators and Repre-
sentatives to which the State may be entitled m tho
Congress."
"In such manner as the Legislature thereof
may direct," thus presupposing, thus having as
an indispensable prerequisite to the proceeding
hereordained, the existence of a constitution in
the State and a Legislature operating under that
constitution. The pending proposition, there-
fore, is merely declaratory, declaratory of the
law, which, I submit, would be administered
without objection ana without agitation on any
ordinary occasion ; but we stand in the pres-
ence of events, and we are waited upon by
contingencies which admonish us that a declar-
ation should be made in advance so plain and
specific that no political party, that no political
faction, maddened by disappointment or am-
bition, may plausibly insist that action has
been taken by the national Legislature in either
of its branches for the purpose of accomplish-
ing the success or the overthrow of a party
ticket or a party measure.
Article twelve of the amendments to the
Constitution—I need not stop to quote it—
proceeds upon this same theory. And there-
fore, as I have said once before, the simple
question is in what form we shall declare the
law so as to make the declaration certain and
ample for the occasion.
Now, beyond all question, three communities
known in the history of our country as States,
are not at this time entitled to have their votes
counted in the choice of a President. I refer
to Texas, Mississippi, and Virginia. Whatever
may be the theory of gentlemen as to the
status, politically, of these States, the histor-
ical fact is patent that the forms of government
as thoy once existed have been prostrated, and,
in the language of the acting President of the
United States, "all civil government has be-
come extinct," unless the provisional govern-
ments which were set up afterward are for this
purpose to obtain ; and upon that I believe
nobody insists. We have presented to these
States, in common with all the other States—
and I make this remark now in answer to an
observation which fell from my honorable friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buckalew] yesterday
—the plan which, for the time being, at least,
must be accepted by all concerned as the only
road leading to restoration. Neither Texas,
nor Mississippi, nor Virginia has qualified itself
in this the only recognized mode of represent-
ation in the Electoral College. Unless they
shall be qualified hereafter in season, beyond
all question, accepting what is fixed now as
legislation, however we may differ as to its pro-
priety, these three States must be excluded
from representation in the Electoral College.
This follows, let me stop to observe, and I will
devote a moment to it, according to the law as
announced by the Supreme Court in the case
which has been quoted here many times, and
as the law has been accepted always by all de-
partments of the Government. It follows from
the theory that to Congress as the law-making
power-, or the political power of the country,
belongs the recognition or the refusal to recog-
nize a State government in any particular State
as the legitimate government there, because,
although the Ilhode Island case did say that to
tke President belonged the power to determine
which government he should aid by ordering
troops in that instance, as I heard the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky argue at great
length some time ago, the court said that that
was the result because the act of 1795 commit-
ted to the President the determination of that
question, that Congress might have committed
its determination to a court or to any other
body known to our organism, and then the pre-
rogative of recognizing which government was
regular would have been located as Congress
had located it; but the action of the Legisla-
ture was that the act of 1796 had reposed that
