2888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
in his power to return the measurement more
or less just as in his judgment or to his interest
he may deem wise or politic.
Now, I would throw around that department
some security. I would interpose some more
stringent regulations, so that it will be placed
beyond the power of this officer, whether he is
an inspector or gauger, to return falsely the
quantity he does gauge, and to give a certifi-
cate that he has gauged but half the quantity
that he has actually ganged.
Then, again, the gauger has it in his power to
brand, and does brand and marls barrels of
whisky as having been gauged, and which pass
as having been gauged, but which have not
been guaged at all and on which no* tax has
been paid at all. That is the object of my
amendment. I do not know that 1 shall press
it. I have offered it mainly for the purpose
of calling the attention of the committee to
the fact that one of the chief modes by which
this fraud is practiced is by the gauger acting
in collusion with the distiller himself.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I assure
the gentleman from New York that where he
has now spent minutes upon this subject
the committee have spent almost weeks in
informing themselves in regard to these mat-
ters; and he might not only have said that in
the case of gaugers, but in the case of almost
every officer, there have been, in various forms,
frauds committed on the Government by rea-
son of the want of penalties, restrictions, and
guards thrown around them. And as we go
through the bill he will find that gaugers, like
other officers, are pat under severe penalties
of fine and imprisonment in the penitentiary
for omitting to do or for doing any one of the
several things prescribed.
As to its being precisely the same as the
present law, the gentleman is entirely mis-
taken. Under the present law, there are gen-
eral inspectors of spirits, and an inspector is
sent to the distillery, paid by the distiller, and
it is made his duty to gauge, and that same
inspector has the gauging done in other cases.
The consequence of this has been that swarms
of gaugers have been employed, and they have
divided between the gaugers and the inspector
the immense amount of fees that have accu-
mulated, so that in one case we find, inde-
pendently of any frauds committed, that one
inspector of oil, acting as gauger, hiring some
nine boys and men under him, and paying
them four dollars a day, himself pocketed at
the rate of $56,000 a year. All this we have
attempted to correct by providing a specific
officer who shall be known as a gauger, who
shall be put under bonds and have certain
duties prescribed for him, and who shall be
sent to the penitentiary if he does not perform
his duties, or commit any frauds in performing
them ; so that it is an entirely different condi-
tion of things.
And I am glad to be able to assure the gen-
tleman from New York and any other gentle-
men who take an interest in this matter that
if they will look through this bill section by
section they will find all the provisions to
which the gentleman has alluded as neces-
sary taken care of with a view to prevent just
such frauds as he speaks of. And in order to
prevent this accumulation of fees we have
provided that in cities where there arc two or
more gaugers in a district, in order to prevent
favoritism, one doing all the business and the
other nothing, and that they shall have an
interest in watching each other, the fees shall
be divided ; and then we provide that neither
in cities nor elsewhere shall the fees received
by the gauger amount to a sum which will
make his compensation exceed $3,000.
These are, in brief, some of the provisions
made in regard to this officer, and we think we
have guarded very null the duties we have
imposed upon him.
Mr. WOOD. I withdraw the amendment.
No further amendments being offered to the
ninth section, the Clerk read the tenth section,
as follows:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, Thatfor thepur-
pose^of assessing, levying, and collecting the taxes
hereinafter prescribed by this act the Commissioner
of Interna,! Revenue is hereby authorized to divide,
respectively, theStatesintoconvenient collection dis-
tricts, or he may continue, modify, or alter, as he
may deem best, the districts heretofore constituted,
ami he shall appoint an assessor and a collector tor
each such district, who shall be residents within the
same, and shall keep their respective oilices at a
place therein to be designated by the said Commis-
sioner: Provided, That any of said States may.it the
Commissioner shall deem it proper, be erected into
and included in one district; but the number of dis-
tricts in any State shall not exceed the number of
Representativesin Congress to which such State shall
be entitled.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to amend this sec-
tion by striking out all after the enacting clause
and inserting in lieu thereof that which I send
to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
That for the purpose of assessing, levying, and
collecting the taxes hereinafter prescribed by this
aet, each State and Territory in the United States
shall form but onocollection district, except in those
States or Territories having cities with a population
of one hundred thousand orupwaid. Such States
or Territories having such cities as aforesaid shall
have one additional district for each of such cities as
aforesaid. Such additional district or districts to
consist of the county or counties in which such cities
are situate.
Mr. HUNTER. We have reduccd the
sources of revenue to such an extent that in
my judgment it is no longer necessary for us
to have the number of assessors and collectors
we now have. In my own State the office of
collector of a district will no longer pay a
competent man for all his time, considering
the amount of services he has to perform.
Now, as we are trying to become econom-
ical, and as I believe that under the law as it
now stands a collector or assessor occupying
a district embracing an entire State will not
have more duties to perform than a collector
or an assessor had to perform in a district
before we made this reduction, I think this
Congress should endeavor to save as much as
possible by reducing the number of officers
and thereby saving their salaries.
This section leaves to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue the right to make districts
just as he sees lit. Now, 1 think that is aduty
belonging to the Government of the United
States. We should fix the districts ourselves,
and then have the collectors and assessors
appointed for the districts that we make.
Now, I admit that in Slates where there are
large cities, one of one hundred thousand
inhabitants, for example, that city should have
a collector and assessor to itself. I therefore
propose by my amendment that cities of one
hundred thousand inhabitants and upward
shall constitute districts by themselves. We
must have deputy assessors and deputy col-
lectors in the respective counties, and they can
report to the principal assessor or the principal
collector when there is one in a State just as
well as when there is one in a district like
those now established.
By doing this we shall save in the item of
collectors and assessors alone over two million
dollars a year; a saving which 1 think Con-
gress should be ready to make.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I do not
know whether I clearly understand the amend-
ment proposed. If 1 do understand it, it is that
each State shall constitute a collection district,
except where there is a city containing one
hundred thousand inhabitants or upward; in
which case such city shall constitute a separate
district by itself. Now. that would make the
State of Illinois all one district with the excep-
tion of the city of Chicago, which city would
constitute another district. I doubt the con-
venience of people going from Cairo up to
Ottowa, or from Ottowa down to Cairo. I
think the gentleman will find a great deal of
practical inconvenience resulting from that
mode of collecting taxes.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it not the d-jty of the
assistant assessor to perform that duty ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Under the amendment of
the gentleman the State of Indiana and the
State of Michigan would each constitute a
single district. In Ohio there would be two
districts; one constituted of the city of Cincin-
nati, and the rest of the State embraced ia
another district.
Mr. MAI NAliD. The bill allows that to be
done now, if the Commissioner thinks it can be
done. *
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentlemen says, if I
do not misunderstand him, that his amend-
ment would save about two million dollars in
the item of collectors and assessors.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir. And let me ask
the gentleman ifthe deputy collector and deputy
assessor in each county cannot transmit their
reports to the principal collector and assessor
at the capital of the State, or in any other part
of the State, just as well as they now transmit,
their reports to any part of the district? There
are districts in my State comprising eight or
ten counties each, and the deputies in each
county have to transmit their reports by mail
to the principal assessors.
The amendment of Mr. Hcstek was not
agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 11. Andbe it further enacted, That each assessor
shall divide his district into divisions, which may be
changed as ottcn as he may deem necessary, subject
to such regulations and limitations as may be im-
posed by the Commissioner of Internal itevenue,
within each of which divisions there shall be one or
more assistant assessors, who shall reside within the
district; and in'case of a vacancy occurring in the
oliice of assessor, the assistant assessor senior in
otlicein the district shall discharge the duties and
receive thecompensation of assessui uutilan appoint-
ment filling the vacancy shall be made.
Mr. SCHENCK. On behalf of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means I offer the following
amendment:
Add at the end of seeticro thirteen the following:
And such assistant shall discharge the duties of
the assessor in case of ttie sickness or the temporary
disability ot the assessor.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered,
The next section was read, as follows:
Sf.c. 12. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner oi Internal Revenue, whenever he shall
deein it expedient, may authorize theassessorot any
district to designate one or more ot the assistant
assessors to make assessments in any part oi such
district of all taxes upon anvspecified objects of tax-
ation, and in such ease it shall be the duty of the
other assistant assessors of such district to report to
the assistant assessor thus specially designated nil
matters which may come to their knowledge relative
to any assessments to be made by him ; and when-
ever two or more districts or parts of districts are
embraced within one county, it may be lawful lor
such assistant assessor or assessois to make assess-
ments anywhere within sueh county upon such spe-
cified objects of taxation, which assessment snail be
returned to the assessor ot the district in which such
taxes are payable.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read as follows :
Sec. 13. Andbe it further enacted, That ifany assess-
or shall demand of, or receivc directly or indirectly
iroia any assistant assessor,as a condition ot ins lec-
ommendation for appointment to or continuaneem
his said office of assistant assessor, any portion oi the
compensation hercinallowedsuchassisrant assessor,
or any other consideration, such assessor: o oitendmg
shall be summarily dismissed tromot£ee by the Com-
missioner of Internal Ke?enue.
Mr. GARFIELD. T desire to reserve the
right to offer hereafter an amendment in the
last line of this section, involving the same
question which has arisen on other seciions.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the reservation will be made.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman. I hardly
think this involves the question about which
my colleague is so tenacious. The legislative
department can, if it thinks proper, give to the
Commissioner the power to remove these olli-
cers. The question is simply whether when
some petty subordinate commits fraud or in any
way behaves badiy, it is impossible for us to
provide that the head of the bureau shall exer-
cise a pioper supervision over him without
running to the Secretary of the Treasury to
find out whether it shall be done.
Mr. GARFIELIX I beg the gentleman's
pardon. These ollicers are appointed with
the adviee and consent of the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. O, no; they are not.
