564
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 15,
Ho. of Reps.
Aaiional Debt—Mr. Beatty.
40th Cons. ... 2d Sess.
ing institutions and men who took advantage of
the law making greenbacks a legal tender, to
redeem notes in a depreciated currency which
tliey had promised to pay in coin.
A NET/ CURRENCY BOND.
Taking it for granted, then, that law and
equity authorize tlie payment of these bonds
in lawful money, I would suggest:
1. That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to reissue the full amount of United
States notes which he has withdrawn from tlie
circulation, and use the notes thus issued to
pay off, as far as possible, the first series of
the five-twenties,^ commencing with the first
number, and calling them in in their order.
2. That a new bond be issued, principal and
interest to be paid in the currency of the coun-
try, which may be a legal tender when such
payment is ordered, making the rate of interest
of the bond whatever the average legal rate
of the several States may be for first-class
securities, after deducting from the same an
amount equivalent to the average rate of tax-
ation in the several States.
It may be said that this bond would not sell.
I think otherwise; there never was a more
popular bond with the people than the seven-
thirty Treasury note. It may be claimed that
the popularity of this bond arose from the fact
that it was convertible into a six per cent,
-gold-interest bond. In my opinion very few
of the original purchasers cared for the option,
and at maturity did not seek to avail them-
selves of it, but sold the bonds for currency.
A similar bond running for a longer term,
bearing a lower rate of interest, with the under-
standing that the currency should remain
undiminished, would sell as rapidly as the five-
twenties would mature.
Thus money would be brought into the
freasury which would again flow out to the
people in payment of the old bonds. The
practicability of this measure can be easily
and cheaply tried. If it fails entirely the loss
will be trifling. If it succeeds but partially it
will amply remunerate for all expenditures.
If it proves successful, the bonds finding ready
sale, it will save many millions to the Gov-
ernment. At all events, the effort to obtain a
cheaper loan, whether successful or not, would
satisfy the country that there existed an hon-
est desire on the part of Congress to lighten
the burden of the people, if it failed they
would be to some extent responsible for the
failure, and could not thereafter as justly com-
plain. If the people, then, complain that the
Government is paying too high a rate of inter-
est Congress could say to them: in obedience
to your wishes we have put a bond on the
market bearing a less rate of interest, and
stripped of (he objectionable features of the
old bond, and wo now ask you to supply us
with the money in exchange for the new bond
to pay off the five-twenties.
It may be said the people have not the means
to buy the new bond; but this is answered by
the fact that the people and not the capitalists
originally bought a large, if not the larger,
proportion of the old bonds. If it is claimed
that more can be made out of money invested
m farms, merchandise, or manufactures, it
will suggest the unfairness of the complaint
made against those who make less out of
money invested in bonds. By issuing this new
bond m the denominations of fifty dollars and
upward, you will give every man who pavs
taxes ail opportunity to secure his fair propor-
tion and place himself in a position where he
will feel that just in proportion to the amount
which his property is taxed to pay interest to
others the property of others is taxed to pay
interest to him,
The common sense of the people rejects
with scorn the idea that a superior currency
must be paid to one class of creditors and an
inferior to another. Money good enough to
pay the interest on a note of an individual
should be good enough to pay interest on a
Government bond, the interest on ordinary
debts, contracted in every day transactions;
should be as sacred as the interest upon the
extraordinary debts of the Government. The
Government discredits and depreciates its own
paper when it acknowledges .that it is money
for some purposes and not for others, for this
action must necessarily contribute to make it
an imperfect medium of exchange and an
uncertain measure of value.
NECESSITY JOE DEFINITE ACTION.
It is claimed that the increased production,
resulting from the disbandment of the Army
and return of our citizen soldiery to industrial
pursuits, and the consequent decreased con-
sumption on the part of the Government, led
to a reduction of prices, and thus caused the
depression in all branches of industry which
prevails throughout the country. But this, I
apprehend, is only partially true. The return
of peace, and withdrawal of the Government
from competition for further loans, by restor-
ing confidence and rendering money more ac-
cessible to the people, would, under ordinary
circumstances, having encouraged industry,
stimulated legitimate speculation, and gone
far toward maintaining prices at the old stand-
ard. Nor do I believe the present stagnation
in business and stringency of the money mar-
ket arise so much from a deficiency of circu-
lation as from a general uneasiness and uncer-
tainty on the part of the people as to the future
action of Congress in reference to the currency.
If it is to be contracted, no one desires to invest
in produce, in real estate, or merchandise,
because in the event of contraction such invest-
ments must necessarily be unprofitable. If
Congress proposes to inflate, no one desires to
sell, because property sold now could not be
replaced for anything like the same money
after inflation.
We are just in that situation where the buyer
is afraid to buy and the seller afraid to sell,
for both are anxiously waiting for Congress
to settle down upou a definite and permanent
policy. The business of the country had become
adjusted to the currency of 1805-GG, and had
the Secretary of the Treasury not interfered
with the amount then in circulation, and given
the people ground to apprehend a further
serious reduction, every industrial interest
would, in myopinion, have continued buoyant
and prosperous. The capitalist is now afraid
to lend, because if the Pendleton scheme is
adopted, and the land flooded with greenbacks,
he will get returned to him not half the value
he gave. He prefers, therefore, to keep his
money in hand, locked up and inoperative, so
that at the first appearance of the coming flood
he may put his money in realty, and allow others
less sagacious than himself to bear the loss
resulting from depreciation. The intelligent
borrower is afraid to borrow, because if the
contraction mania which possesses the Secre-
tary of the Treasury prevails he will be com-
pelled to pay back money which will have
perhaps twice tlie purchasing power of that he
borrowed. ^ You rob the creditor when you
inflate, and you rob the debtor when you con-
tract. Give steadiness of value to the currency
and you will do justice to both. In reference
to the evils resulting from inflation and con-
traction I read from a report of Sir Archibald
Alison:
"Any rise in the discount of the Bank of England
has been followed byincreasoofcriineandcivilsuits
ihis is attributable to great increase in the transac-
tions of the country, which originate ill the circula-
tion being much and often unduly stimulated; then
followed by a sudden contraction of the currency
which disables persons from the performance of obli-
gations which havo boon entered into. Thus one
state of things produces a multiplication of con-
tracts, and the other produces a disability for the
fulfillment of them that throws people out of employ-
ment, and reduces them to a state of ^vant and
makes such a number of people idlo that eritno
increases, disease augments, and everything goes
wrong together."
The Secretary's Fort Wayne speech was the
first note of alarm. The contraction of $4,000,-
000 per month which followed was evidence to
the people that the theories therein expressed
would be carried into effect, and that danger
was imminent. To those who cannot conceive
that so small a contraction, and a speech appa-
rently so unimportant, can so greatly disturb
the entire business of a nation, I refer the con-
sequences of sudden and perhaps unfounded
alarm as given by Mr. Huskisson:
" The consequences of sudden alarm cannot be
measured; they baffle all ordinary calculations. Gash
is then withdrawn; not bccause the circulation is
excesaivc, but for the purpose of meeting possible
demands, or for the purpose of hoarding. Each new
calamity produced by such a state of things contrib-
utes to spread and increase the general apprehen-
sion."
Mr. Mills remarks;
"Prudence and intelligence in such a crisis avail
nothing. Traders have been not inaptly compared
to nine-pins, in which those who are not themselves
struck are brought down by their neighbors in
their fall, and by the failure of one the most remote
may bo affected through many intermediate steps."
This speech of the Secretary was the first
intimation of approaching danger. The con-
traction of the currency which followed stag-
gered and almost prostrated the business of the
nation, not so much for the reason that that
contraction made a deficiency of the circulat-
ing medium, but because it occasioned among
the people an impression that there would be a
deficiency. It was, to use the language of Mr.
Mills, in reference to the commercial distress
in England in 1847, "a casein which credit
and confidence having been first shaken, ruin
was brought to many by an apprehended scarcity
of that circulating medium which they then hai
in excess, but that their alarm prevented them
from making it available."
Allay all apprehension by restoring to the
country the money which has been withdrawn,
and by announcing that as the business of the
country has adjusted itself to this volume of
currency it shall remain ; that yon propose to
let gold and silver grow up to the currency,
and not to drag the currency down to it. Allow
gold and silver to continue a commodity to be
bought and sold like other metals, until by the
natural increase of the population and wealth
of the country, and by the development of our
almost inexhaustible mines of the precious
metals, the coin and the greenback shall at
length correspond in value. Then the Gov-
ernment can resume specie payments, but need
not necessarily withdraw the greenbacks from
circulation. It can redeem them in gold on
demand, and can give them out again to those
who choose to take them instead of coin. The
resumption of specie payment might be slow,
but it would be gradual, certain, and without
check or damage to the country.
Our business men, all men in fact who
borrow, loan, or use money, would have a defi-
nite and permanent basis upon which to make
their calculations. Here are $400,000,000 to
be continued, without addition or diminution,
and to be received by the Government in
all cases, and disbursed in every instance,
except where the law has specifically provided
for payment in coin, and to continue a legal
tender in the payment of all debts. In the
mean time Government recognizing no other
money, and regarding gold simply as an article
of trade, so long as it is held above the green-
backs in value, to be bought whenever required
in the open market of the lowest bidder." It is
impossible for me to think that gold would
advance or the greenbacks depreciate under
this arrangement. In my judgment, if Con-
gress should announce this as the fixed, stable,
and irreversible^ policy of the Government,
every industrial interest would thrill with new
vigor, the farmer, mechanic, manufacturer,
and laborer would be quickened into new life,
and the Republic move onward in a career of
prosperity without check or hinderance.
