480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January IHj
Can an act that could by any possibility result
in the perpetration of such outrages be justir
fied for a single moment?
But it may be said this is putting an extreme
case. Sir, there are a thousand cases of this
kind that may be put, on which questions of
this very character might arise; and it is my
deliberate judgment, and the judgment of
many lawyers a thousand times abler than
myself, that a large portion of the most
important legislation of the Thirty-Ninth and
Fortieth Congresses are as clearly in violation
of the Constitution a# the cases I have put.
A more monstrous proposition, I submit with
all due respect, has never been brought before
any deliberative body. And I say to gentle-
men here that the very bringing forward of
this proposition, coupled with the fact that
there is a probability of its passage, amounts
to a plea of guilty on the part of the majority
of this Congress to the charge so often pre-
ferred against them. It is a confession of
guilt, a committal of suicide, an admission
that they dare not allow acts passed by them
to be brought before the supreme judicial
tribunal of the country. That is the way the
people will understand it, and I say it with all
respect to the gentlemen on the other side that
this measure is hurried through here this
morning to prevent an adjudication upon the
validity of their motley reconstruction acts by
that great tribunal, honored by the learning
and ability of the distinguished men who have
occupied seats on that bench. I repeat, that
the very bringing forward of a bill of this kind
at this time is a confession of guilt on the
part of the majority. It is evident that they
teel and know in their hearts that their legis-
lation will not bear investigation by a legal
tribunal, made up now principally of members
of their own party, placed there by their own ;
favored President. |
But, sir, what is the further effect of the j
amendment? A circuit or district court has a
question brought up before it involving the j
rights of citizens under the Federal Constitu- ;
tion and under an act of Congress, and the j
question arises as to the validity of that act.
The circuit or district court after full argument
decides that the act of Congress is unconstitu-
tional and is not the law. The question is
brought before the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States. Five judges preside as a quorum,
or we will say that there are six present. Five
of them are of opinion that the act -is unconsti-
tutional and that the decision of the circuit or
district court is correct. The sixth judge is of
opinion that the law is not in violation of the
Federal Constitution. Now, whose judgment
is to stand? What becomes of the case? Has
that one judge the power to reverse in the face
of his five brothers there sitting by him,the decis-
ion of one of the Federal courts of the country
and send it back as nullified; or what becomes
of the case? The proposition as it now stands
does not provide for this case. It provides that
the court shall not declare unless by a vote of
two thirds of the entire court the invalidit/of
an act of Congress. The court below have so
decided and the case comes up for adjudication.
Five of the six judges are of opinion that the
decision of the court below is correct, yet unless
the court has the manhood or the power to
declare that this proposed act is void and that
they will not be governed by it, they will have
no power to give a decision in conformity to the
law and the facts.
Now, I say that there is no power under the
Federal Constitution to pass such a law as we
have here. The Supreme Court is provided
for in the Federal Constitution and it is its duty
to declare what the law of the land is. And
what is the law of the laud? Where do you
find it? Why, you must look in the first place
to what are called the fundamental laws of the
land, the Constitution of the Federal Govern-
ment, the treaties made in accordance there-
with, and then you comedown to the acts of the
Federal Legislature, aud so forth. They are'
all laws and stand together if they do not con-
flict with each other. It is part of the business
of the court to look into all and to execute
them properly. But suppose there is a con-
ilict, then which prevails? Why, the Consti-
tution comes in and decides that question for
us. The Constitution of the United States
shall be deemed the supreme law of the laud,
and the court upon their oaths are bound so to
regard it. When the court is called upon to
execute the laws and decide the rights of citi-
zens they look into it. They find that one
man has a right under the Federal Constitution
and that another man has a conflicting claim
under a law of Congress, and tlieymust decide
in conformity with the Federal Constitution.
This bill tells t}ie court that they must decide
in conformity with the act of Congress and
against the provisions of the Federal Constitu-
tion as they understand it.
Now, sir, how is it possible for a law of this
kind to stand investigation before an intelligent
people, jealous of their rights, jealous of their
liberties, and jealous of the preservation of this
free Government, made up of checks and bal-
ances intended to protect the citi^n at all
times in all his rights, and providing tribunals
which, if there is no usurpation anywhere, will
in all cases eventually secure equal and exact
justice to all ?
Now, sir, I believe an amendment is already
prepared providing that where the decision of
the court below is adverse to an act of Con-
gress, holding it to be void, and the question is
brought before the Supreme Court, unless two
thirds of that court—that is to say, unless six
judges, probably one more than maybe sitting
on the trial of the cause—shall be of opinion
that the decision of the court below is correct
and ought to be sustained, the judgment of the
court below shall be considered as reversed,
and the order of the Supreme Court shall be
in accordance with this mandate of Congress.
Such a proposition follows logically from the
amendment already before the House. It is
the natural and necessary result, and I under-
stand that such a proposition is prepared as a
fit and appropriate appendage to uie amend-
ment reported by the committee. Well, now,
what will that amount to ? Is the judgment
entered up a decision of the Supreme Court or
is it a judgment entered up in conformity with
the decree of the Federal Congress directing
them to do so? What, then, becomes of the
judicial tribunals of the country? Is this not
a most manifest usurpation of j udicial power by
the Federal Congress?
It is a usurpation, a most palpable and mani-
fest usurpation, of the powers delegated and
intended to be delegated to this great conserv-
ative department of our country, the Supreme
Court of the United States.
I tell you, Mr. Speaker, it is not safe for any
party to come forward in the face of the coun-
try as you are doing, at this time to trample
down into the dust that great tribunal which
established such reputation under the lead of
the great men who have presided in that body.
There is a reverence for that tribunal, for its
justice, its learning, its conservatism, its abil-
ity, its adherence to the great principles of our
Government, and its protection of the rights of
the citizens, which will not permit any Con-
gress for partisan purposes, merely that they
may carry out the objects they have in view, to
trample it down and crush it out of existence.
Yet, so far as that tribunal is of any use ia
protecting, the rights of the citizens where a
violation thereof is attempted by the Govern-
ment this bill is crushing it out of existence. It
is virtually saying that where it comes in conflict
with Congress it must go down and be as if it did
not exist at all. It is the assertion of absolut-
ism on the part of the legislative branch of the
Government which has been made in terms at
times heretofore, but never so strongly as in
the bill now before the House.
Now, I know that on all sides of this House
there are men who are animated by a love of
country, who wish to preserve and perpetuate
its free institutions, and I appeal to all such on
the other side of the House to rend asunder the
party fetters in which they lie bound, assert the
true manhood and nobility of their nature, obey
their own generous, honest, and patriotic im-
pulses, and aid in the rescue of this great pal-
ladium of our liberties from the unhallowed
and ruthless assaults now made upon it. If
you pass this bill into a law there is no one of
the safeguards or great principles of the Con-
stitution that is worth a single straw to the
citizen.
The provision of your Constitution giving
the right to a speedy trial by jury, the pro-
vision prohibiting the passage of bills of at-
tainder, and every safeguard of that character,
are virtually swept away whenever a Congress
can be gotten together so besotted, so guided
by prejudice and folly, as to make enactments
depriving citizens or communities of the dear-
est rights. And let me say that the people
throughout the country are not so much in
love with the Congress as to indorse or submit
to such acts as this.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to make an inquiry of him?
Mr. MARSHALL. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to know of the
gentleman whether he is not aware of the fact
that this bill, as reported by the chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr. Wil-
son, of Iowa,] proposes to do as much as, and
no more than, was required by the original
judiciary act of 1789, under the administration
of President Washington ?
Mr. MARSHALL. To what provision of
that act does the gentleman refer ?
Mr. BINGHAM. That nothing short of
what is required by this bill could pronounce
any such judgment.
Mr. MARSHALL. What is the provision?
Will the gentleman turn to it ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will give the gentleman
the provision. It is as follows :
"The Supreme Court of the United States shall
consist of the chief justice and five associate justices,
any four of whom shall be a quorum, shall hold an-
nually at the seat of Government two sessions," &c.
As that court was constituted by the act of
1789, it must be apparent to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] ana to every
gentleman in this House who has listened to
his speech that Washington and the Congress
of 1789 were guilty of an attempt to pollute
this high tribunal of justice when they iramed
a law which upon its very face shows that in
no case could that court pronounce a judgment,
if the court were full, affecting anybody's
rights, much less affecting the right of the
American people to legislate in Congress as-
sembled, without the concurring assent of two
thirds of that court.
Mr. MARSHALL. Of three out of five.
Mr. BINGHAM. Of four out of six, and
the gentleman knows it.
Mr. MARSHALL. Suppose there were but
five present; what then?
Mr. BINGHAM. The court was so framed
as to make it necessary, without express words,
by the operation of the statute, that two thirds
of the court as then constituted, whether a
auorum was four or six, must concur in the
judgment.
Mr. MARSHALL. I prefer to resume the
floor, as the gentleman will not attend to the
questions I propound to him.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have a great deal of
respect for the ability of the distinguished
gentleman from Ohio; but this is one of the
most palpable and manifest dodges—and if I
bad not so much respect for the gentleman, I
would say one of the most shameful dodges—of
aproposition and argument brought before the
House that I have at any time heard attempted
to be imposed upon the House or the country.
There is in the judiciary act of 1789 nothing
of the character that the gentleman referred
to in the question he proposed. This is a
simple enactment organizing the court^ pro-
viding the number of judges necessary to con-
stitute it and to constitute a quorum thereof.
There is no attempt to fetter the court in its
action or to dictate to it what its judgment
shall be in any case. It has not one of the
