1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1865
D. B. ALLEN AND COMPANY.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that tlie Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 150.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 150) to provide for
the payment of D. B. Allen & Co. for services
in carrying the United States mails. It pro-
poses to appropriate the sum of $23,000 for
the payment of D. B. Allen & Co., for carry-
ing the United States mails between NewYork
aud San Francisco in 1864 and 1865, during
the suspension of ihe overland mail service on
the overland route, which is to be in Mi pay-
ment for the service.
Mr. CONNESS. I send to the Chair a brief
report made by the committee, accompanying
the bill, and ask that it be read.
The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Road?, to
whom was referred tho memorial of D. B. Allen &
Co., representing the Atlantic Steamship and tho
Pacific Mail Steamship Companies, for compensation
for carrying the United States mails during the sus-
pension of the overland mail service in 1864 and 1865,
beg leave to repoit:
That the suspension of tho overland mail service,
by reason of Indian hostilities on tho plains, took
place in 1864; that the amount paid for said servico
annually was §810,000, while $160,0U0 annually was
paid to the &aid bteuinship companies for carrying
piinted matter and such letters as might be marked
to he specially sent that way.
When tho suspension ©ccurred, leaving the entire
Pacific slope without mails, the Postmaster General
applied to the said steamship companies to carry the
entire mails during the interruption of the overland
route. The companies cheerfully complied, and for
a period of about four months all the mails of the
United States for the Pacific were safely and expe-
ditiously transported by them. According to the
lowest rates for which tho United State? mails were
ever carried by sea to California, namely, $300,000,
and deducting the $160,000rccei vedby them for carry-
ing piinted matter, they would bo entitled to rcccivo
some forty-six thousand dollais for the extra service
thus periormcd. It has been proposed to pay only
the rates ot freight charged by the steamship lines lor
carrying tho additional mail matter; but tho utter
injustice of this rule will be seen, when it is remem-
bered that the mails have to rcceive extra care, and
that no steamship can leave withouthaving them on
board, after causing serious and expensive delays.
Knowing, however, the difficulties attending claims
after they have been allowed to remain unpaid for
long periods of timo, and tho indisposition to pay
such, and the companies consenting, tho committee
recommend the payment of half the sum found to be
justly due, $23,000, and report a bill for the payment
of the same, tho passage of which is recommended.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask the
Senator from California if the contractors on
the overland mail route were paid for the
transportation of the mail during the time that
he now proposes by this bill to pay the steam-
ship company ?
Mr. CONNESS. The contractors of the
overland mail are subject, when the carrying
of the mails by them fails through their negli-
gence in any respect, to fines and deductions,
which are generally made. That is a question
which the law places in the discretion of the
Postmaster General. When the carriage of
the mails^overland is obstructed by Indian hos-
tilities or "other means out of their power there
liability, however, does not exist. They, I
suppose, did receive compensation for carrying
the mails during that period, although their
losses in stock and supplies were, perhaps,
more than fourfold the amount they received.
These questions are adjusted necessarily upon
their own merits. This is a case where, pend-
ing hostilities of that kind and a total cessation
of carrying the mails, a distinct application was
made by the Postmaster General to the two
steamship companies to carry all the mails,
with which they complied, and did the service,
and for which the United States are clearly
liable ; but, as stated in the report, the compa-
nies consenting, the amount, after being ex-
actly ascertained according to the lowest esti-
mate, has been reduced one half, and the com-
mittee propose to pay that amount. I will say
further in this connection that this bill has
passed the Senate before without objection, for
an investigation of the facts shows clearly that
it is a debt which should be paid.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 would ask the Sen-
ator if the contractors on the overland mail
route have not been paid for damages arising
from Indian hostilities in addition to the
amount paid to them undA their contract for
carrying the mails ; whether a bill of that char-
acter has ever been passed?
Mr. CONNESS. I believe not, sir. Indeed
I have a knowledge as near as can be on any
subject thatihey have not been so paid.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask whether this
consideration now asked arises under a con-
tract with the Post Office Department, or
whether it is a consideration intended to be
paid by Congress for the voluntary taking of
the mails?
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator need not
have asked that question. I have already
stated that the mails were not voluntarily car-
ried, but carried upon a written request for the
performance of the service by the Postmaster
General.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator misap-
prehends me. 1 do not desire to be trouble-
some. I simply ask him if it was under a con-
tract, and whether that contract is now before
the Senate in the report of the committee?
Mr. CONNESS. I did not understand tho
Senators question exactly, lhave stated—and
I suppose that covers the Senator's question,
which I do not exactly comprehend—that the
report shows the facts, and if the report, which
is very brief, should be read again I think the
Senator will understand the case 
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand the
report.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well. The report
states that $160,000 annually was paid to the
steamship companies at that time for carrying
printed matter; the letter mail being carried
overland, for which the Government paid
$840,000 per annum; that when by an order
of the Postmaster General the mails were not
to be sent westward overland any longer he
then made a written application to the compa-
nies to carry the entire mail by sea; that they
complied with his request; that they carried
that mail for four months of time expeditiously
and promptly, for which it is proposed to pay
them one half the lowest sum ever paid for
carrying the mails. That is the whole case.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho morn-
ing hour having expired, the chair will, accord-
ing to the order of the Senate, be vacated 1 or
the Chief Justice of the United States.
The Chief Justice took the chair and the
case proceeded, as reported in a department
of the Congressional Globe which^ we have
provided for the consecutive publication of
proceedings so important. If the report of
this great State trial were intermixed from day
to day with the legislative proceedings, it would
be diffused so extensively as to make particular
reference troublesome, in a Supplement to
The Congressional Globe it -will be compactly
given, and thus furnish facilities for its use.
When the Senate sitting as a court for the
trial of the impeachment adjourned, the Presi-
dent pro tempore resumed the chair, and the
Senate proceeded with its legislative business.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that when the
Senate adjourn to-day it be to meet on Mon-
day next.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope that question will
not be taken in the absence of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. JOHNSON. He was here a moment ago.
Mr. ANTHONY. I know he has an appro-
priation bill which he wishes to bring up to-
morrow,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator irom
Illinois.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Itrustthe Sen-
ate will not adjourn to Monday, if that is the
motion. There is an appropriation bill that
might be passed to-morrow, and which ought
to be passed, I submit to the Senate. I trust,
therefore, the Senate will not adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can pass it on Mon-
day.
Mr. CONNESS. I only wish to add my
voice to the opinion of the Senator from Maine.
It is very palpable that all the time we have
now should be devoted to legislative business,
and I hope we shall not adjourn over to Mon-
day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 25, rrays 22; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buelcalew. Cameron, Chandler,
Colo, Corbett. Davis, Drake, IWler, Frelinshuysen,
Henderson, Hendricks. Howard, Johnson, MeCreery,
Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pattorson of Tennessee. Ramsey, Ross,
Saulsoury, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Vick-
ers—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Oat Ml, Conklini?, Con-
noss, Edmunds, Ferry, I'essendeo, Harlan, Howe,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Nyo, Pomeroy, Sherman,
Spraguc, Stownrt, Sumner, Thayer, Wade, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—22.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Bayard, Cragin, Dixon, Doo-
littlc, Grimes, Morton, and Yates—7.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. I wish to make a motion that is neces-
sary to Be made.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. Will amotion be in order
to proceed to the consideration of executive
business ?
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion has just been rejected.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken.
Mr. CONKLING. Ponding that I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. I had the floor, I believe,
and the Senator could not take it from me to
make that motion.
The PRESIDENTjjro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
FitmAY, March 13, 18C8.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that by unani-
mous consent the reading of the Journal be
dispensed with.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. I object. I understand
that there was a bill rushed through here yes-
terday which nobody understood.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Wash-
burne, of Illinois, Beaman, and Morgan man-
agers of the conference on the part of the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the amendments of the Senate to House bill
No. 718, making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 80, 1869, and
for other purposes.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forneys
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendment of the House to the
bill of the Senate No. 213, to amend an act
entitled -'An act to amend the judiciary act,"
passed the 24th of September, 1789.
CORRECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I desire a moment to correct
a remark which I am reported to have made
in the Globe. I am reported to have said,
after a suggestion from the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Welkek:]
" What the gentleman states is true, and they also
printed bonds forthe confederacy at the same time.'
My reference to the remark of the gentle-
man from Ohio would leave the inference that
I meant to charge the American Bank Note
Company with printing bonds of the confed-
