8914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 10,
acquiescence of the loyal people of America,
swept away the Legislature of the State of
Maryland and blotted out her Statehood
entirely, for the reason that she was in open,
rampant rebellion against the Constitution of
the United States and the laws of Congress.
I do not say it was declared by the President to
be in insurrection, and was in that sense tech-
nically in insurrection; nor does this amend-
ment require that she should have been so ;
and therefore it is that I invite the attention of
the Senator from Missouri* to the fact, that in
order to exclude Maryland from the operation
of his amendment he should change its lan-
guage thus, "No State declared in insurrec-
tion." Maryland was not so declared; but
practically, historically, politically, militarily,
Maryland was in insurrection quite as much as
some of these other States.
Now, Mr. President, not to detain the Sen-
ate on this subject, I wish to suggest, as briefly
as I may, the idea with which 1 have proposed
the amendment I have submitted. It is first
to put upon the statute-book a permanent pro-
vision for all cases and for all times, and a
provision so specific that it cannot be eluded
and cannot be baffled by the omission, acci-
dental or otherwise, of any particular State—a
provision which, looking not only to the dangers
immediately before us, to the three States
■whose condition is special, to the residue of
the eleven States, the condition of some or all
of whom may be special, but looking to all the
States, shall make adequate provision.
Why should we not do that? What is the
object, I beg to ask the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Howard,] referring to a remark which
he made yesterday. What is the object we
have in view here ? It is to close the door of
the Electoral College against all those not en-
titled to enter. The Senator assents to that,
as he must. That is what we are all driving
at. The object is to close the door of the
Electoral College against all States not entitled
to enter. Then why not say so?
Mr. HOWARD. Against those mentioned
in the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Doe3 the honorable Sen-
ator mean that if between now and the elec-
tion an outbreak should occur in some State
not mentioned in the bill, in consequence of
which the same state of things legally should
come about which he fears, he would be in favor
of counting those votes ? I beg the Senator to
let me know what he means by saying " those
mentioned in the bill."
Mr. HOWARD. I have this to say: I do
not anticipate any further insurrection in the
States at present; and least of all do I antici-
pate any insurrection in the loyal States; and
to pass such a law as that which is contem-
plated by the amendment of the Senator from
New York appears to me to be a very unne-
cessary and gratuitous reflection upon the loyal
States of the Union who have never rebelled,
and who never intend to go into a state of
insurrection. " Sufficient unto the day is the
evil thereof''—a very sound and ancient maxim.
When one of the loyal States goes into rebel-
lion, I take it we can deal with it as the occa-
sion requires.
Mr. (JONKLING-. Well, Mr. President, I
am very glad that the honorable Senator has
reversed the current of his objection, as hehas
done, if I understood him correctly last night.
He says now that he does not anticipate that
any of the loyal States will have an insurrec-
tion. Does he anticipate, I should like to
inquire of him, that those governments which
we have been setting up will fall down before
November?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Then this, as I said
before, is a declaratory measure for abundant
caution, to provide for possible contingencies,
and that is all it is. Then why does the Sen-
ator say that it is a reflection to suppose that,
within the range of possibility, things which
have occurred in the loyal States in the past
may be repeated in the future at some time.
Mr. BOWLER. Before the Senator from
New York proceeds further, I wish to know
whether his amendment provides for this pos-
sibility : in case any insurrection or disturb-
ance occurs in a State between this and the
election, may Congress when it meets declare
such State in insurrection and refuse to count
its votes ? Is that the Senator's understanding
of the effect of his proposition?
Mr. CONKLING. I am not sure that I
understand the question of the Senator.
Mr. FOWLER. Does the Senator's propo-
sition authorize Congress, when it _ shall meet
next winter, to say that any particular State
may have been in insurrection; or, in other
words, that there is no regularly organized
government in that State, and therefore refuse
to count its votes?
Mr. CONKLING. The amendment author-
izes the Senate, in the presence of the House
of Representatives, to do exactly this : if votes
shall be received purporting to come from a
certain State, to pass upon the question first,
whether when that election took place there
was a constitutional government in that State,
and second, whether the election was held
under the auspices and authority of that gov-
ernment ; so that, although there should be in
Tennessee a regular government, as there is,
if marauders, moss troopers, a mob, a vigil-
ance committee, should hold an election aud
send electoral votes here, the Senate would
adjudicate that, although there was a regular
government there, the election had not been
held by force of that government, and there-
fore the votes were not entitled to be counted.
Returning for a moment to the honorable
Senator from Michigan, his objection now is
that my amendment embraces too much, that
it is too strong, that it is a reflection upon the
States which have not been in insurrection.
I thought I heard him say last night that the
objection to it was that it was " velvet-clawed."
I think he used that very expression.
Mr. HOWARD. "Velvet-footed."
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon, "velvet-
footed," a troop of horse shod with felt. That
was the idea, that the oars were muffled, that
there was not spattering enough, that the words
were not valiant enough, that there was some
bravery or some virtue in calling these States
by name and saying something snappy and
crisp with regard to them. I differ entirely
with that criticism. I do not think that using
strong words or having anything declamatory
in a bill makes anything for it. On the con-
trary, when you say that no State shall be per-
mitted to do a certain thing under certain cir-
cumstances, that includes all States. A very-
old lawyer in my State once said to a nervous
client who was troubling him about a contract,
thinking the thing was not sufficiently de-
scribed, that it did not say all that was neces-
sary. "Never mind; when you said that you
sold a horse, that meant that you sold his head
and his tail and his mane and all the rest of
him, just as if you wrote it all down." Sol
think when you say that votes shall not be
counted from any State whatever, in which
such a condition of things exists as is here
described, that is no more velvet-footed, it is
no more squeamish or mealy-mouthed than it
would be if you wrote in the names of all
these States and called them some hard name
besides.
Now, Mr. President, there is no doubt what-
ever as to the meaning of this provision as it
will stand in the light in which it was criticised
last evening by the Senator:
Unless at the time prescribed hy law for the choice
of electors there shall be in such btate a government
recognized by Congress.
Stopping there the criticism might be that
Congress had recognized the provisional gov-
ern meats in the South, or had in time gone by
recognized the old governments. Therefore
the provision is:
Unless there shall be in such State a government
recognized by Congress as regular and permanent
and not provisional only.
Stopping there the criticism might be,
" True, there may be such a government there,
but yet they may have elected^ these electors
under the old governments which are held by
those of a certain opinion to have smoldered
and continued through the rebellion." To
meet that the further safeguard is:
Nor unless the election for electors shall have taken
place under the authority of a State government so
recognized.
Does not that provide for every ease ?
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator allow
me to call his attention to one fact?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. It is claimed by the Presi-
dent of the United States, certainly a very
sagacious man in some respects, as well as by
his entire train of followers, including the
whole of the Democratic party lately so ably
represented in the New York convention, that
Congress has already recognized the Johnson
governments established in the ten rebellious
States. Does the Senator from New York
intend to leave that question open by his amend-
ment ; and does he not leave that question open
for discussion; and may it not happen in the
future that under such a provision the two
Houses might hold that the governments
established under the decrees of J ohnson were
the recognized governmentsof therebel States?
Had we not better close the door against all
doubt on that point? I look upon it as one
of great delicacy, not to say difficulty, in the
future.
Mr. CONKLING. I hardly think the Sen-
ator would have asked that question if he had
attended to the reading of the language of the
amendment; but as he has asked it let us
examine the language once more :
Unless at the time prescribed by law for the
choice of electors there shall be in such State a gov-
ernment recognized by Congress as regular and per-
manent, and not provisional only.
Upon that language I have two points to
which I should like to direct the Senator's at-
tention. " Unless there shall be in such State
a government." What does that imply? A
government in existence, not merely a gov-
ernment in theory. I have not a right to say
that ? Because the subsequent provision is
that the election must have been held under
the authority of that government. Therefore
is it not merely hypercritical, but is it not
going a bow-shot beyond hypercriticism for the
Senator to insist that this might be held to
mean the Johnson provisional governments,
when, in the first place, in every one of these
States the ground is occupied by a later gov-
ernment substituted for it, and when the
amendment expressly provides that every gov-
ernment which has been recognized merely as
provisional is denounced by its terms, and
that electoral votes coming from such a gov-
ernment as that shall not in any event be con-
sidered.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
will not fail to observe that Mr. Johnson and
his followers do not regard those governments
established by him as provisional governments.
They are spoken of by him and them as the
permanent lawful governments of the States,
and in no sense provisional. The addition of
the word "only" certainly gives no force to
the language.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
loses sight of the parties to this controversy.
The bill is not providing in reference to gov-
ernments recognized by the President; it is
providing for governments recognized by Con-
gress ; and does the Senator say that Congress,
even if ib can be said that those governments
were ever recognized at all by Congress, rec-
ognized them in any sense except as provis-
ional and temporary governments merely ? The
language of the statutes, several of them, is the
precise language here. I not only say that no
votes shall be counted from a government which
has been recognized as provisional, but I add
after "provisional" the word "ouly," and
therefore, how does the Senator make headway
when he argues that the President has recog-
nized those governments? Has Congress rec-
ognized them ? That is the point.
Mr. HOWARD'. I do not argue that there
