1866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
cx-acy. That was not my intention. I meant
merely to state that engravers in New York
who had control of these dies of different kinds
also at the same time were printing notes of
the confederacy. I had no intention to charge
it upon the American Bank Note Company or
upon any other company. It is known that
bonds of the confederacy were printed in New
York and by engravers who had also the dies
I was speaking of. It is due to the American
Bank Note Company that I should make this
correction.
harper's ferry, west virginia.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report back from the Committee on
Military Affairs, with an amendment, Senate
bill No. 186, providing for the sale of lands,
tenements, and water privileges belonging to
the United States at and near Harper's Ferry,
in the county of Jefferson, West Virginia, for
consideration at this time. I will state the na-
ture of the amendment recommended to the
House by the committee. As the bill came from
the Senate, it proposes to give the proceeds
of this sale to the State of West Virginia fox-
school purposes. The amendment proposed
by the Committee on Military Affairs is to pro-
vide that the proceeds of this sale shall be paid
into the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I call for the regu-
lar order.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the gentleman
will not object to this bill being considered at
this time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will not object if
it takes no time.
Mr. GARFIELD. It will take very little
time.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] will allow this bill to
pass over for the present, as the members from
West Virginia, who are interested in this bill,
are not now present.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have seen those mem-
bers, and they do not object to it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] object to the con-
sideration of this bill at this time?
Mr. IIOLMAN. 1 think it better not be
considered now.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. IIOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill of the following
title, when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 213) to amend an act entitled
"Ail act to amend the judiciary act," passed
the 24th of September, i789.
sootii georgia and florida railroad.
The SPEAKER laid before the House res-
olutions of the constitutional convention of
Georgia, asking a loan of $100,000 from the
United States to the South Georgia and Florida
railroad; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for one week for Mr. Jexckes, and
for ten days for Mr. Ketciiam.
Mr. O'NEILL asked and obtained leave of
absence for four days for Mr. Kelley.
ann d. durding.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce and have considered at this time
a bill for the relief of the grantees of Ann D.
■ Durding.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which the Chair will ask for objections.
The preamble states that Ann D. Durding,
by her duly-appointed attorney, attempted to
locate the northwest quarter of the southwest
quaiterof section twenty-one, township ninety-
seven north, of range six west, in the district
of lands subject to sale at Dubuque, Iowa, on
the 7th of November, 1851, with bounty-land
warrant No. 2352-5, for forty acres, under act
of September 28, 1850; but by an error the
location was made in township liinely-one
north, instead of ninety-seven north, and a
patent was issued tfn said location in township
ninety-one north, which patent was destroyed
by fire by the burning of the land office at Du-
buque ; also that the tract in township ninety-
seven north has been withdrawn from market
under act of Congress approved May 12, 1864,
to aid in constructing the McGregor Western
railroad, but it has not yet been taken up or
approved to that road; also that the tract in
township ninety-seven north has been several
times conveyed, and the said Ann D. Durding
cannot be now found, and that the loss of this
tract of land by her grantees would result in
great hardship to them.
The bill accordingly authorizes the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to cause the
records and papers in the case to be corrected,
and to issue a patent for the northwest quarter
of the southwest quarter of section twenty-one,
in township ninety-seven north, in range six
west, Iowa, in the name of Ann D. Durding.
Mr. PAINE. Does this bill come from any
committee ?
Mr. ALLISON. It does not come from any
committee. But I know personally the facts
recited in the preamble to be true. If any gen-
tleman doubts that I will consent to_ have the
bill referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims, so that they may report on it.
Mr. PAINE. I, of course, do not doubt
the word of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Allison.] But I am exceedingly unwilling to
set so bad a precedent as to pass such a bill as
this without the recommendation of the com-
mittee.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I ask leave to intro-
duce the bill for reference.
No objection was made; and the bill (H. R.
No. 911) for the relief of the grantees of Ann
D. Durding was received, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
heirs of general d. l. clinch.
Mr. HOLMAN. T rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and present a report from the committee
of conference on the bill (S. No. 308) for the
relief of the heirs of the late General Duncan
L. Clinch, deceased.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
House to Senate bill No. 303, for thereliefof theheirs
of tho late General Duncan L. Clinch, deceased, hav-
ing met, after full and free conference have agreed
to recommend, and do recommend, to tlieir respective
Houses as follows, namely:
Thatthe Senate recedefromits disagreementtothe
amendment of the House and agree to the samewith
the following amendments, to wit;
In the third lino from the bottom of the third page
strike out after the word " of" the words "ten thou-
sand dollars in trust for the said Eliza B. Anderson"
and insert the following, to wit:
"Fifteen thousand dollars to Lars Anderson, in
trust for the exclusive use of said Eliza B. Anderson
during her lifetime, and any part thereof remaining
at her death to be held in trust for her children."
And that the House agree to the same.
WILLIAM S. HOLMAN,
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
W. B. WASHBURN,
Managers on the part of the House.
TIMOTHY O. HOWE,
W. P. FESSENDEN,
GAIIRETT DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. COBB rose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holmax] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. My purpose was to ask the
previous question on this report; but if the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Cobb] desires
to discuss this question I, of course, cannot
insist on the previous question. But, inasmuch
as this matter has already consumed so much
time, my friend from Wisconsin will not, I
trust, ask more than five minutes.
Mr. COBB. I do not think I can do justice
to the question in that time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
that the gentleman from Wisconsin will be al-
lowed full time to explain his objections to this
bill, and that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Hooian] will also explain upon what principle
the bill tests.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield to the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Cobb] for five minutes.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, I do not think
that I can do anything like justice to this case
or to myself in respect to it in five minutes:
and I know that this House cannot go before
the country with credit if it should pass this '
bill upon a brief consideration of five or ten
minutes.
Mr. Speaker, in rising to oppose this bill
I have no expectation that what I may say
will have the effect which I think it ought to
have in inducing this House to non-concur in
the report of the committee of conference
and thereby prevent the passage of the bill. I
wish the House to take notice that it has re-
ceived no information in regard to this bill by a
report from any committee; and I will state
further, if it be in order, that no committee
of this House has examined this subject at all.
This bill has been reported from a committee
without any examination of the facts upon
which the claim rests, or any consideration or
discussion of the principle upon which it js
proposed to pass the bill. And, if it be in
order, I will go further and state that the
opinion expressed by, I believe, a majority of
the committee, both in the committee and
out of committee, is that the bill cannot be
sustained on any principle whatever. The
bill involves an attempt to blend two claims
which are entirely foreign to each other. One
is an old Seminole war claim, of the flimsiest
nature, based upon no evidence and resting
upon no principle but what has been repudiated
over and over again in this House. This
claim is blended with the consideration of the
meritorious and gallant services of General
Robert Anderson in defense of Fort Sumter
and the flag of the country.
Sir, if we were to carry out to its legitimate
results the principle upon which it is proposed
to pass this appropriation, it would involve the
expenditure of infinitely more money than the
Government now possesses or ever will pos-
sess in this generation. There is one point in
the case which I hope my time will enable me
to state. It seems that Duncan L. Clinch left
eight heirs, one of whom is the wife of Gen-
eral Robert Anderson. The other seven are
residents of the rebel States; and it is not
denied by anybody that they have been adher-
ents to the rebel cause throughout the war.
These seven of the heirs have executed a mon-
grel between an assignment and a power of
attorney to the claimant in this case author-
izing the collection of their share of the claim.
And it is now proposed that Congress shall
grant to this claimant a sum of money—I will
not sayallthat is claimed nor all that is proved,
for an indefinite claim is made and nothing
whatever is proved. Nothing is shown that
would entitle a party in any court anywhere to
any kind of relief. A vague claim is put for-
ward for compensation for spoliation com-
mitted by Indians and by soldiers and by per-
sons unknown. No estimate of the amount
of the damages is made or pretended to be
made iti any testimony presented in this case.
It is proposed not to give to General Ander-
son the distributive share of his wife as one
of the eight heirs, but to give to Mr. Lars An-
derson, in trust for her, the sum of $15,000.
No one claims the original damages ever
amounted to more than twenty-five or thirty
thousand dollars ; and yet they propose to give
her, who is entitled only to one-eighth at the
furthest, something more than half of what
is the outside limit that any one has ever
claimed, resting as this does upon mere imagi-
nary estimates of spoliations committed by
Indians, soldiers, and otherpersons unknown.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman'sfive min-
utes have expired.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will extend the gentle-
man's time five minutes longer.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, the statement
made in the report by the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] to the Senate—and
there is the only place where it has received
any consideration—is that Duncan L. Clinch
