482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrJjQBE.
January-13.
Therefore I say we should first inquire, have
we the right under the Constitution to say how
many members of the court shall be required
to concur before the judgment of the court shall
be operative and binding as law. I claim, alter
some reflection and investigation of the subject,
that we have the light, and that the right lias
appertained to Congress ever since the adop-
tion of the Federal Constitution, to legislate
upon this subject, and to provide by law what
number of judges it shall require to pronounce
judgment upon any act of ours.
\\ hy, sir, the Constitution barely provides ^
that there shall be a Supreme Court of the
United States. The provisions in regard to
the judiciary are within a very narrow com- ,
pass, and it may be profitable for the House
to understand what they are; for without re-
verting to that instrument its provisions on this 1
subject may not be familiar to the mind ot ;
every gentleman in this Hall.
Article three, section one, provides as fol-
lows :
"The judicial power of the United States shall be
vested iu one Supreme Court and in sueh inferior
courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain
and establish. The judges both of the Supreme and
inferior courts shall hold their offices during good
behavior, and shall at stated times receive for their
services a compensation which shall not be dimin-
ished during their continuance in office."
That is the whole of that section. It does
not fix the number of judges which shall con-
stitute the Supreme Court; hence the number
has at times been increased by Congress and
again diminished at its pleasure, fhis has
been done several times, as we all know.
Section two limits the judicial powers of the
courts of the United States:
"The judicial power shall extend to nil cases, in
law and equity, arising under this Constitution, the
laws of the United States, and treaties made, or
which shall be made, under their authority; to all
cases affecting ambassadors, other public ministers,
and consuls: to all eases of admiralty and maritime
jurisdiction; to controversies to which the United
States shatl be a party; to controversies between
two or more States; between a State and citizens
ofauother State: betweun citizens of different States;
between citizens of the same State claiming lands
under grants of different States, and between a
State, or the citizens thereof, and loreign States,
citizens, or subjects.
"In all cases affecting ambassadors, other public
ministers and consuls, and those in which a State
shall be party, the Supreme Court shall have original
jurisdiction."
That is a very small part of the jurisdiction
of the Supreme Court. Such a case does not
arise once in a number of years.
"In all the other cases before mentioned the
Supreme Court shall have appellate jurisdiction,
both as to law and fact."
The great and extended jurisdiction of the
Supreme Court of the United States, and that
which exists for almost all practical purposes,
is its appellate jurisdiction, whether by appeals
or by writs of error, and this includes a great
number of cases decided by the courts of the
States where some constitutional principle is
involved.
" In all the other cases before mentioned the Su-
preme Court shall have appellate jurisdiction, both
as to law and fact; with such exceptions and under
such regulations as the Congress shall make."
Now, sir, at the first session of the first
Congress which assembled after the adoption
of the Constitution of the United States a ju-
diciary aet was passed of some twenty pages of
the statute-book, and in that instrument you
will find what powers Congress could exercise
under this article of the Constitution. They
there made ali the provisions which at, the time
they thought necessary for carrying into effect
the high powers granted to the Supreme Court,
and they arranged also for the subordinate
courts of the United States. I recollect one or
two features distinctly which are very different
from the features of the court system now.
They divided the then existing United States
into three or four circuits. They provided that
the circuit courts should be holden at certain
points in each circuit, and that each of the
circuit courts should be holden by two of the
justices of the Supreme Court ana one district
judge, and that it should require two judges to
nake a decision in any cause whieh should
come before the circuit court; provided, how-
ever, that the district judge should have no voice
iti the circuit court in deciding a case which he
! had himself decided in the court below.
These courts are not held by two circuit
judges at this time. For a long series of years
the circuit courts in the different circuits have
been holden by one associate justice of the
Supreme Court, coupled with the district judge,
and the associate justices of the Supreme Court
have a controlling voice in the decisions of the
circuit courts. They may, if they please, cer-
tify a question, upon a division of opinion, up
to the Supreme Court, but in any case decided
by the district judge himself the opinion of the
associate justice of the Supreme Court alone
obtains and prevails.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to fake
up much time in d'scussing this question ; but
1 say that if I was qualified for a seat upon the
supreme bench of the United States, and had
by any possibility arrived at that honor, noth-
ing would gratify me more than the passage
by Congress of the measure that is here intro-
duced to-day by the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee. 1 do not believe now at this
moment that any judge of that high tribunal
would object to a requisition on the part of
Congress that in order to declare an act of
Congress unconstitutional it shall require two
thirds of their number to pass upon the ques-
i tion. Why, it relieves them from very great
i responsibilities. It makes the decision more
i satisfactory to themselves and far more satis-
1 factory to those whom the decision affects. It
is not to be made by a single voice when the
court consists of seven, three on one side and
three on the other, and one man turns the
scale. But it requires the united opinion of
two thirds of all the members of the Supreme
Court to pronounce an act of Congress uncon-
stitutional.
Now, I do not apprehend with my friend
from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] that the intelli-
gent people of our country are alone to com-
plain of legislation of this sort. He instances
a very strung case and a very strange case,
indeed. He instances the case of Congress,
the legislative power of the land, passing a
, law to take from him, the gentleman from
, Illinois, his estate and give it to his neighbor.
! When in the most fertile imagination that ever
existed in the human mind could a case of that
sort originate? Can it be supposed that the
| Congress of the United States, the Senate and
House of Representatives, with the concur-
i rence of the President, or, without his concur-
j rence, by a two-thirds vote, would pass a law
to take from the gentleman from Illinois his
j property and give it to his neighbor? He says
j m a case like that four out of live judges might
say that he was entitled to his property, and
that the fifth judge—the court being held simply
| by a quorum of the judges, and five constitut-
ing a quorum—the fifth judge might say that
the act of Congress properly enough gave his
property to his neighbor.
Well now, sir, I cannot stand here to reason
against such arguments as those. If the gen-
i tleman will institute a comparison with some
! case which he may suppose that might by some
i possibility exist then we will meet it. But I
eannot conceive how the intelligent people of
the United States could complain of the action
; of Congress when that action is intended to
i guaranty to the people the rights given to them
1 under the charter of their liberties, the Con-
stitution of the United States. It is simply
taking the power of deciding from one man,
as the case may he, and giving it to more than
one. It is requiring unanimity of opinion in
the most important questions that can ever be
submitted to that tribunal, and relieving them
from an immense share of responsibility at
certain times.
Now, sir, I object to the amendment which
requires that every judge shall assent to the
decision, because I think that is requiring too
much. It will not do to assume that the bench
of judges ot our country are perfect any more
than that the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives of Congress are perfect. I grant
you that there is less likelihood of their giving
way to passiou and caprice, because tin y are
selected lor their wisdum and experience y.ud
supposed stability.
, Hut the best of men may err. And out of
the full number of judges, seven or eight, one
mau may be lound who may be perverse
enough to withhold his assent from a decision
which he in his better judgment knows to be
right. Such things may be. I would, there-
fore, not require every uiind to concur. But
I think I would adopt the ratipnal rule, the
one which is in unison with the rule that obtains
in Congress under the Constitution, and ask
that two thirds of those gentlemen shall concur
before they shall overrule as unconstitutional
enactments which we have upon reflection seeu
lit to pass.
It was intimated here, and it may be inti-
mated again without assuming too much to
ourselves, that iu this numerous body and in
the other more select body, the Senate, it is to
be supposed that there may exist some men
who have been educated and have had expe-
rience iu the practice of the law, and who may
know something of constitutional law, who may
perchance bear some comparison with the gen-
tlemen on the bench when those gentlemen
are not clothed iu the ermine.
Mr. Wi$LKEU. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. SPALDING. Certainly.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to ask my col-
league [Mr. Spalding] if the judges of the
Supreme Court deem themselves now author-
ized to make a decision by a majority, and also
whether there has not been some legislation
on the part of Congress fixing in some shape
or other the quorum of the court?
Mr. SPALDING. 1 suppose it is the rule
of the common law that in the absence of stat-
utory provisions to the contrary a majority
shall control.
Mr. WELKER. Has there not been some
legislation on the subject ?
Mr. SPALDING, if so I do not now call
it to mind.
Mr. PRUYN. It is in the act of 1837.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman read it?
Mr. PRUifN. The original act was passed
in 1789, by which there were provided six
judges for the Supreme Court. Iu 183/ it was
provided that—
" The Supreme Court shall hereafter consist of a
chief justice and eight associate justices, any live of
whom shall constitute a quorum," &c.
Mr. SPALDING. That is the act of 1837?
Mr. PRUYN. Certainly. The Supreme
Court is now reduced toseveu associate justices.
Mr. SPALDING. The first judiciary act
ever passed contained a provision that four
judges out of a full bench of six judges, that
is, two thirds of the court, should coustitute a
quorum. That Congress at more times than
one has prescribed the number of judges that
should form a quorum I knew very well. No
one doubts the power of Congress to so pre-
scribe. But I think there is no legislation
in respect to the majority making a decision.
That, I think, is derived from the common law
rule ; that is all there is of it.
But, sir, the law-making power has always
had in its hands the power to say whether a
mere majority should be sufficient, or whether
two thirds or three fourths or the whole num-
ber of judges should be required to render a
decision. There can be no doubt on that sub-
ject. The Supreme Court must adjudicate
under the legislation of Congress. We pre-
scribe the manner in which that court shall
adjudicate. We frame laws which govern
nine tenths of its proceedings, the Constitution
prescribing only that there shall be a Supreme
Court. For everything except its official life
that tribunal must look to an act of Congress.
Without the authority of an act of Congress
it could have no clerks, it could have no power
to administer oaths. Although the Co lstitu-
tion gives to the courts of the United States
jurisdiction in certain cases as between citi-
