366
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 18^
Ho. of Keps.
Belief from Disabilities—Mr. Mullins.
40th Com.... 2d -sess.
portant measure that was adopted in the court
of'"King Harris" for the maintenance of the
war and the promotion of rebellion against
the Constitution and laws of the United States!
I shall also show how, when the pulse of
the great rebellion, which had hitherto beat so
high and so full, began to fail and grow feeble ;*
when its hopes began to fade and to droop;
when its once plethoric constitution began to
sink and give way from loss of blood; when
its " peculiar institution" had vanished, and,
in short, when the whole frame of the mon-
strous giant began to quiver and sink in the
throes of a disastrous death, this sprightly,
sagacious patriot well knew how to adapt him-
self to existing circumstances ; he did not for-
get the advantages of the many-colored liz-
ard ; his hue, which had so recently discovered
the peculiar magnificence of gray chivalry,
began gradually to change with the status of
affairs to the soft splendors of the loyal " blue."
The first unmistakable symptoms of Mr. But-
ler's disloyalty to the Government, and his
espousal of the cause of secession, became
apparent in 1861, when, pursuant to a call of
Governor lsham G. Harris, for an extra ses-
sion of the General Assembly of Tennessee, of
which Mr. Butler was then a member, which
extra session was for the purpose, as set forth
in his proclamation, of legislating upon subjects
touching the then incipient rebellion, and,
among other things, for the perfecting of an
act of secession, and an alliance of the State
of Tennessee with the seceding States of the
South, Mr. Butler made his appearance at
Nashville among the other members, and,
though at that very time under a solemn oath
to support the Constitution of the United
States and of Tennessee, voted for the follow-
ing resolutions marked Exhibit No. 7, in the
printed evidence before me, which exhibit is
a certified copy of that in the House Journal
of that Assembly.
Saturday Morning-, December 14,1861.
Senate resolution No. 59, on the subject of a recon-
struction of the Government of the Untied States,was
taken up, and. Mr. Jones oiiered the following reso-
lutions in lieu :
Resolved, That it is the sense of this General
Assembly that the separation of those States now
ioimingthe confederate States of America from the
United States is, and ought to be, final, perpetual,
and irrevocable; and that Tenne&see will, under no
circumstances, entertain any proposition from any
quarter which may have lor its object a restoi ation
or reconstruction ot the late Union on any terms or
conditions whatever.
Resolved, That the war which the United States are
waging against the confederate States should be
resisted with the utmost vigor and energy, and.until
our independence and nationality are uncondition-
ally acknowledged by the United JStates.
Resolved, That Tennessee pledges herself to herself
and to her sister States of the confederacy that she
will stand by them throughout the sti uggie; that she
will contribute all tlieiueana which herresourees will
supply, so far as may be neces&ary, to the support of
the common cause, and will not consent to lay down
arms until peace is established on the basis ot the
foregoing resolutions.
Mr. Jarnagin offered the following amendment to
the resolution in lieu:
Resolved further, That this assembly spurns with
utter indignation the proposition which has recently
been made in the Congress of the United States to
appoint, commissioners on the part ot the Govern-
ment to meet commissioners on the part of the con-
federate States, with a view to the reconstruction of
the Union.
Pending which, on motion of Mr. Kennedy, the
house adjourned to half past nine o'clock Monday
morning. ■
In voting for these resolutions, Mr. Butler
not only declared his sympathy with the cause
of secession, but palpably, willfully, deliber-
ately and without restraint, violated his oath
to support the Constitution of the United
States! But his treason does not stop here,
'i his was only the initiative step in his mad
career. Alter the secession resolutions of May
6, 1801, were passed, and the unwilling State
of Tennessee had become, by their treachery,
a member of the southern confederacy, Mr.
Butler voluntarily became a candidate, was
reelected, and became an actual member of
the avowed rebel legislature of 1861-62, and
took upon himself, voluntarily, an oath to sup-
port the pretended constitution of the so-called
confederate States.
House Journal for 1861-62.
The General Assembly of the State ofTennessee, be-
gun and held in the city of Nashville, State of Ten-
nessee, on Monday, the 7th day of October, in the year
of our Lord 1861, it being theflrstsession of the thirty-
fourth General Assembly of the State of Tennessee;
on which day (it being the day fixed by the constitu-
tion of Tennessee for the meeting of the General As-
sembly)FrederiekS.DeWolfe,clerkof the last house
of representatives, called the house to order, and
proceeded to call theStatc byrepresentativedistricts,
when the following gentlemen appeared, presented
their credentials, and took their scats, the oath to
support the constitution of the confederate States of
America, and of the Stateof Tennessee, being admin-
istered by Hon. William It. Turner:
From the county of Sullivan—Alvin M. Willard.
From the county of Washington—S. U. N. Patton.
From the county of Greene—Jnmes P. McDowell.
From the county of Hawkins—William Simpson.
From the county ot Cocke—J. II. Randolph.
From the county of Jefferson—J. Monroe Meek.
From the county of Grainger—D. W. C. Senter.
From the county of Claiborne—-J. J. Bunch.
From the county of Knox—John M. Fleming.
From the county of Blount—Stephen J. Matthews.
From the county of Monroe—Joseph Walker.
From the county of McMinn—B.F. Martin.
From the county of Bradley—11. M. Edwards.
From the county of Marion—William It. Rankin.
From the county of Franklin—II. P. Carr.
From thecounty of Cannon—Stephen II. Woods.
From the county of Bedford—Daniel Parker.
From the county of Warren—John J. Lowry.
From the county of Overton—William Donaldson.
From the county of Jackson—R. B. Brooks.
From the county of Smith—Wilson Y. Martin.
From the county of Sumner—James M. Head.
From the county of Rutherford—K A. ICeeble.
From the county of Lincoln—William Tallcy.
From the county of Marshall—W. L. McClcland.
From the county of Williamson—SamuelS. House.
From the county of Robertson—John E. Garner.
From thecounty of Davidson—A. L. Demoss and
Ira P. Jones.
From thecounty of Hickman—J. D. Earley.
From thecounty of Montgomery—D.N. Kennedy.
From the county of Stewart—TL C. Loekhart.
From the county of Dickson—J. Fubank,
From thecounty of Maury—II. T. Osborn.
From the county of Lawrence—Thomas II. Payne.
From the county of Hardin—Joseph M. Garter.
From thecounty of Henderson—William C. Tucker.
From the county of Carroll—J. C. Hawkins.
From the county of Henry—H. F. Cummers.
From the county of Weakley—W. H.M. Brooks.
From the county of Obion—James R. Gardner.
From the county of Gibson—J. T. Carthel.
From the county of Madison—A. S. Rogers.
From the county of McNairy—W.D. Jopling.
From thecounty of Hardeman—Am-lin Miller.
From the county of Fayette—F. B. llagland.
From the county of Haywood—Richard >lill.
From the county of Wilson—Abe Caruthers and
W. L. Martin.
From the county of Shelby—John Martin and B.
M. JSstel.
Fiora the counties of Carter and Johnson—R. R.
Butler.
From the counties of Green, Hawkins, Hancock,
and Jefferson—James Britton, jun.
From the counties of Knox and Sevier—R. H.
Ilodson.
From the counties of Anderson and Campbell—
William Wallace.
From the counties of Smith, Sumner, and Macon—
Nathan Ward.
From the counties of Polk, McMinn, and Meigs—
A. S. Jarnagin.
From the counties of Rhea, Bledsoe, Srquatchie,
and Hamilton—James C. Warner.
From the counties of Grundy, Coffee, and Van
Buren—Isaac C. G«irrettson.
From the counties of Davidson, Robertson, Mont-
gomery, and Cheatham—Alfred liobb.
From the countics of Rutherford and Bedford—
Thomas G. Mosely.
Fs oin the counties of Lincoln, Giles, and Marshall-
John Laws.
From the counties of Williamson, Maury, and
Lewis—R. G. Ellis.
From the counties of Benton and Humphreys—J.
N. Little.
Prom the counties of Carroll, Gibson, Madison,
and Henry—William A. Dunlap.
From the counties of Dyer and Lauderdale—S. D.
Whitten.
From the counties of Perry and Decatur—W. G.
Fisher.
From the counties of Fayette, Tipton, and Shelby—
R. B. Sotnervilie.
[Theaboveistobefoundin book No. 1. pp. 1,2, and3.1
I, Andrew J. Fletcher, secretary of State of the
State of Tennessee, do certify that the foregoing is a
copy of an extract from the house journal of the
confederate iegiflature of Tennessee, of 1861-62, the
original of which is now on file in my office.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto subscribed
my official signature, and by order of theGov-
ernor affixed the great seal of the State of
[l. s.] Tennessee, at the department in the city of
Nashville, this 11th day of December, A. D.
1S67. A. J. FLETCHER,
Secretary of State.
On the 3d of December, 1863, Mr. Butler
offered a resolution tendering the hall of
representatives to the presidential electors,
in which to cast their votes for rebel president
and vice president; which resolution Mr. But-
ler supported with his vote.
44 Tuesday Morning, December 3,1861.
"Mr. Martin offered thefoilowingresolution, No.82;
"lienolved. That the hall ot the house of represent-
atives be tendered to the electoral college on Wed-
nesday, the 4thinstant, to hold the election for presi-
dent and vice president of the confederate States of
America,
" Mr. Butler offered the following resolution m hen :
"Resolved, That the ball of the house of represent-
atives be, and is hereby, tendered to the presidential
electors on to-morrow, from eleven o'clock a. m., and
that they are hereby requested to meet in said hall
to cast the vote for president and vice president.
'■Mr. liobb moved to amend the resolution in lieu
by inserting alter eleven o'clock to half-past two
o'clock.
"Which was adopted; and the resolution of Mr.
Butler was then adopted in lieu of Mi. Martin's, and
the resolution as thus amended was theu adopted-
yeas 47, nays 7.
"Representatives voting in the affirmative are:
Messrs. Bowden Brooks of Jackson, Brooks of
Weakley. Butler. &c.
This is another fair specimen of the gentle-
man's loyalty and devotion to the cause of his
country! Mr. Butler offered a resolution, De-
cember 5, 1801, instructing the senators and
requesting the representatives of Tennessee
in the rebel congress to procure the passage
of a bill appropriating the fund seized by the
authorities of Tennessee belonging to the Uni-
ted States for the payment of claims against
the United States held by 4'citizens of the con-
federate States" for carrying the mails and
taking the census of 18(51.
"Thursday Morning, December 5,1861.
"Mr. Butler offered house resolution No. 86, as
follows:
"Whereas there are many citizens of the confed-
erate States who have just claims against the United
States lor carrying mails and taking the census of
1S()0: Therefore,
" Bs it resolved by the General Assembly of the State
of Tennessee, That our senators in congress be, and
are hereby, instiucted, and our representatives re-
quested, to secure, at as early a day as possible after
congress shall convene, a bill providing lor the pay-
ment of said claimants, and they ask congress to
appropriate the fund seized by the State authorities
of Tennessee belonging to the United States to tho
mail contractors and census takers ot Tennessee who
have claims against said Government; and that the
secretary of state be, and is hereby, requested to
forward a copy of this resolution to our senators and
representatives when congress assembles.
"Which on motion was referred to the commit-
tee on confederate relations."
On the 15th of February, 1802, Mr. Butler
voted for a bill granting power to the banks
of Tennessee to remove their location in order
to escape being captured by the Union armies :
Bouse journal of the Tennessee Legislature, session of
1801-62.
" Saturday Morning, February 15,1862.
"On motionof Mr.House the rulesweresuspeuded,
and senate bill No. 89, to grant power to tue banks
in the State of Tennessee to remove their location if
they apprehend danger from an invading army, and
for other purposes, was taken up and passed its third
rending—yeas 56, nays 0.
" Representatives voting in the affirmative are—
Messrs. Britton. Biooksof Jackson, Brooks of Weak-
ley, Bunch, Butler," &c.
Under this act the Bank of Tennessee was
removed South, which bank cotUaiued among
its assets about ten millions of money belong-
ing to the people of the State, and a large part
of it constituting a fund appropriated to the
education of the children of Tennessee. This
money was all converted into confederate bonds
and notes for the support of the rebellion, aiid
consequently was lost irrevocably to the peo-
ple, the rightful owners. The trifling sum of
about lour hundred and forty-six thousand dol-
lars out of the bank's assets of above eleven
millions was all that was recovered to the State
at the end of the war. Thus it was that the
gentleman, by voting for this measure, not only
i! contributed to the cause of treason by securing
:l this money to the use of the pretended con-
\\ federate government, but cheated the poor
'| children of the State out of their educational
fund and the people out of their just rights-
Mr. Butler amended and voted fur a bill to
