THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3915
is any weight in the recognition of these gov-
ernments by the President; I do not think
there is. I do. not think he had any right to
recognize governments in the rebel States at
all. I suppose the honorable Senator and
myself agree on that subject; but there is a
party who hold that his organization of State
governments in the rebel States was valid and
constitutional, and that those governments are
the permanent lawful governments of the States;
and they insist upon it, they have insisted upon
it in this Chamber, as the honorable Senator
knows very well, that Congress has on repeated
occasions recognized by its legislation the ex-
istence and the validity of those governments.
Would the honorable Senator leave that very
important question open to debate and discus-
sion hereafter?
Mr. CONICLING. Not at all; and there-
fore I propose to close the question by exclud-
ing from the provision all governments which
have been recognized as temporary or provis-
ional. Now, does the Senator mean to say
that anybody has argued that Congress, speak-
ing at this time, recognizes or has recognized
those governments as legitimate, permanent
governments, contradistinguished from pro-
visional governments, when the President him-
self and his party, as has been argued here
over and over again, and greatly at length the
other day by the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Hexdmcks,] have never treated
them as anything except temporary and pro-
visional governments?
It may be said that that objection which the
honorable Senator makes, which is so unlike
the objection he made last night, has the recom-
mendation of ingenuity ; but he must pardon
me for saying that I do not see that it has. It
seems to me that it is a criticism made in the
very teeth and letter and obvious meaning of
the provision. " Unless at the time prescribed
by law for the choice of electors, there shall
be in such State a government recognized by
Congress as regular and permanent, and not
provisional only." How anybody in the face
of that language can say that there is room for
the shadow of a doubt, as to its meaning in the
behalf suggested [ cannot comprehend.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will ask the Senator
whether his amendment would not exclude the
votes of States situated as Wisconsin once was,
whose votes were counted in the joint conven-
tion of the two Houses? Would it not exclude
the votes of States that may have been taken
under provisions made by their constitutional
conventions before State organizations have
been actually organized or an act of the State
Legislature passed authorizing the election of
electors? There may be cases of that kind
where it would operate very inconveniently ;
cases where there would be no question about
the validity of the new State; no objection to
its organization or its constitution ; and yet it
might not have gone through all the necessary
forms to meet the requirements of his amend-
ment before the doctoral votes were taken.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask the
Senator what he means by not having gone
through the forms required by this amend-
ment?
Mr. BUCKALEW. The form of setting up
a State government, and having regular au-
thority by virtue of State law for holding the
election of electors, and the acceptance of the
constitution by Congress, and the admission
of Senators and Representatives, all which
would seem to be contemplated as constituting
recognition by Congress under the amend-
ment.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not understand the
provision at all as the Senator does in that
respect. The original proposition recites what
are to be the prerequisites, and recites the
things to which the Senator has referred among
others. This provision is that there shall be
in the State a government which Congress
recognizes, and that the election shall have
taken place under the authority of that govern-
ment. If the Senator can put me the case of
a Territory which does not come within this
provision, the votes from which ought to be
counted, I should like to bear such a case
as that stated.
_ Mr. BUCKALEW. Of course the territo-
rial organization might continue until the State
was fully organized under the enabling acts of
Congress. The electoral votes might be taken
before the new State organization was per-
fected, and yet there be no earthly objection
to the reception of those votes.
Mr. CONKLING. How would this amend-
ment interfere with that ?
Mr. BUCKALE W. I think it would exclude
the vote.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Territory Is to be
treated as a State within the provision at all,
then it seems to me the language is exactly
adapted to admit it. Why not? It would have
a government, which government would be
recognized by Congress, and the election would
have taken place under the authority of that
government. That is precisely what is pro-
vided for here.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I think the new govern-
ment set up in such a case would be strictly
provisional, until the State constitution ancftep-
resentatives should be accepted by Congress,
and the State fully admitted. It would fall
exactly under the description of a provisional
government.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think so. I
cannot imagine any case which would fall
within it. 1 do not think there can be such a
case put. If there can then it would be im-
possible to have any general provision on this
subject, and it would be impossible, I submit
to the Senator, to execute in its terms the
mandate of the Constitution in that respect.
Mr. DRAKE. I wii state to the honorable
Senator from New York that just such a case
has occurred in the history of this country.
The constitution of the State of Missouri was
adopted in July, 1820, the year of a presiden-
tial election. Suppose that State had gone on
at the presidential election to elect electors
in the expectation of being admitted. There
would occura case where it had not been recog-
nized at the time of the election in November,
and such a case may occur again, and yet Con-
gress would recognize it afterward, and before
the counting of the electoral vote. If the hon-
orable Senator perceives my meaning, he will
perceive at once a case that might arise.
Mr. CONKLING. I say that is a case that
did not happen. If in addition to what did
occur other things had occurred that would
have been a case. My answer to it, to be
brief, is this: there are several answers to it,
but one will do ; if afterward Congress recog-
nized it as a State, that would be the end of
the whole thing. If Congress did recognize it
and did count the votes, of course it would be
held to be \vithin the provision as it would be,
and that would settle it altogether. You might
state the case on the constitution as it stands
just as strongly as you can state it upon this
provision, and I ask the Senator from Missouri
to look at the language of the Constitution:
"Each State shall appoint in such a manner as
the Legislature thereof may direct." That
cannot happen in such case as he states, for it
would not be a State, but Congress afterward
in the case he has supposed would condone that
and treat it as State for that purpose, and that
would settle the whole thing, and that would be
just as much under this declaratory provision
as it would be under the Constitution without
any provision of law about it, because if you
are to stick in the letter the Constitution stands
just as much in your way as would a provision
of this sort.
Mr. DRAKE. How can that be, when the
Senator's amendmentsays that at the time pre-
scribed by law for the choice of electors there
shall be in such State a government recognized
by Congress, and the election shall have been
held under the authority of that government.
The constitution of the State of Missouri was
formed in July, 1820, and its Legislature was
elected in August, 1820, and that Legislature
went on to perform the functions of a State
Legislature and elected Senators in Congress,
and they by virtue of that election were ad-
mitted into Congress as soon as the State was
admitted. Now, suppose a question had never
arisen there in regard to the admissibility of
Missouri; suppose a controversy over the ques-
tion of slavery had not arisen, and Missouri
had been admitted before the counting of th«
votes, but not before the day of the election?,
and had presented her electoral votes, if such
a law as this had been on the statute-book, it
would have excluded them and reauired repeal,
Mr. CONKLING. To goback to the point
of the Senator's question, which, I think, was
in his first suggestion, all that can be just as the
Constitution can be, and if the Senator will
give me his attention I will try to answer him
precisely. "Each State shall appoint in such
manner as the Legislature thereof maydirect."
That implies literally that there is to be a State
with a Legislature, and that the direction is to
precede the choice of electors, not only to be
at the same time, but earlier than that. To
enforce this literally, how could you ever count
the votes in such a case as he has put? You
could not do it obviously, because there was no
State, there was no Legislature of a State prior
to or at the time of the choice, and therefore all
you can do is to condone it and treat it as vir-
tually complied with afterward when you count
the votes, and that you can do under this pro-
vision. If the Senator will look at the Con-
stitution he will find that his criticism is just as
strong applied to the discrepancies between the
case lie states and the Constitution itself, and
I think more so, than it is between the case ha
states and this provision.
Mr. President, I have occupied much more
time about this matter than I intended when I
rose ; and when I make a single further obser-
vation, I shall relieve the Senate. I do not
think it is worth while for legislative or for
political purposes to put forth in an act of
Congress the idea that we expect that the par-
ticular States which we have been reconstruct-
ing are to tumble down or collapse before the
next presidential election. I do think it ia
prudent to have a general provision on this
subject for abundant caution, as wo had in 1864;
and as we are compelled to make one now i 
reference to the three States of Virginia, Mis-
sissippi, and Texas, which are not in condition
to vote, I think it is worth while, while attend-
ing to them, to extend it so as to provide for
any possible danger; but to select suspiciously
and tremulously those States which we have
just rebaptised, and say that while we fear no
commotion anywhere else, we are trembling
lest there the rebellion should break out
again, as an act of legislative or party policy
does not com mend itself to my judgment. Nor
does it commend itself to my judgment to pass
a temporary act, as we did in ; and now
let me remind my honorable friend from Mich-
igan that if ten years ago the very proposition
which I offer to-day had been adopted, there
would have been no such occasion in 1861. He
will agree with me about that. There would
not have been any necessity for the provision.,
nor any proposition by joint or concurrent reso-
lution in 18(54 to provide for this.
If the provision is adopted now no matter
what may take place in this presidential elec-
tion or any future presidential election on this
head, we have a statute which .stands a harm-
less statute unless difficulty arises, and which,
if difficulty of this sort does arise, will provide
for every case, be it North, South, East, or
West, just as well for a Dorr ora Shay's rebel-
lion, or an anti-rent rebellion^ in the State of
New York, as for secession in the State of
South Carolina. While we are about it why
should we not adopt a general and lasting pro-
vision on this subject, disclosing no weakness
and no unreal apprehension in any direction,
but providing abundantly for every adverse
contingency which any Senator can apprehend?
I have no pride about this, Mr. President, I
need not say. I shall vote with great pleasure
for the original proposition introduced by the
Senator from Vermont, if we come to that,
