2892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
to discharge the duties. It is necessarily a
responsible office.
I know that the complaint has heretofore
been made that too many of these assessors
have been appointed. In my district, with all
small counties, two assessors were appointed
to discharge the duties where one would have
been^ enough. And notwithstanding they
appointed two assessors, each charged for
nearly his whole time.
It seems to me that the salary proposed by
this section is sufficiently respectable. And
if we would secure men of talent and integrity
to discharge this duty we ought to pay them
a fair compensation. If we do not pay a fair
compensation we cannot expect to obtain the
services of such men.
Gentlemen say that good men can be ob-
tained for $1,000 a year. That may be the
case in some places, but I deny that they can
be got all over the country for that compensa-
tion. Perhaps the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Ela] can find such a man in his
district. But, as a general rule, you cannot
secure good men to discharge these duties for
a less compensation than that proposed here.
I believe that so far as this matter of compen-
sation is concerned the Committee of Ways
and Means have given the subject careful con-
sideration, and have come to a correct con-
clusion. And I believe it is the duty of the
Committee of the Whole to sustain the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in reference to this
part of their bill.
Mr. ELA. It seems to me unfortunate that
gentlemen should oppose the reduction of this
compensation on the ground that it is neces-
sary to give high pay to get honest assessors.
If you will consult the records of the revenue
department you will find that, as a general
rule, the rascality and thieving has been in pro-
portion to the amount of compensation paid.
If the receipts of these assessors do not amount
to $100,000 a year, they certainly cannot work
more than one tenth part of their time. Then
why give them a high compensation ?
I have been an assistant assessor. I have
assessed regularly in my district at the rate
of $25,000 a month, at a cost never exceeding
fifty or sixty dollars per month. I received
four dollars per day for my services when
employed. I thought I was a reasonably good
assistant assessor, and I was well satisfied with
my compensation. Now, when the expenses
of collecting the revenue are diminished, it
is proposed to increase the pay of assistant
assessors a dollar a day.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee of Ways
and Means do not propose any increase. This
increase took effect in March, 1807, and I
would remind the gentleman that we are not
now considering the pay of assistant assessors.
Mr. MILLER. 1 withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I renew the amend-
ment to the amendment for the purpose of
giving some information that may enable some
members to vote more understanding^ than
they otherwise would.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hol-
Max,] I think, comes from the third district
of Indiana. Ami right?
Mr. HOLMAN. From the fourth district.
Mr. INGEIISOLL. I asked the gentleman
how much revenue was collected from his dis-
trict ; and he replied that he thought it was
about one million five hundred thousand dol-
lars per annum. I thought at the time that
he had put it about three times too high.
Since 1 asked the question I have examined
the returns upon that subjec!, so as to be able
to give some information to the committee.
The fourth Indiana district returned, through
its collector, to the Treasury of the United
States for the last fiscal year, $739,000. That
lacks about eight hundred thousand dollars of
making the $1,500,000 to which the gentleman
from Indiana referred.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman will
allow me to explain. He knows very well that
from districts iu which spirits are largely man-
ufactured and yield a large part of the taxa-
tion they are shipped in bond, and this may
account for the figures which the gentleman
has read. During the last fiscal year—the year
ending with the 30th of the present month—
the taxation paid by my district, instead of
being $1,500,000, has been, I am confident,
$2,000,000.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Iam aware, Mr. Chair-
man, that much of the whisky made in the
West is shipped in bond, and under the old
law does not enter into the pay account of the
assessor until it has been sold. Most of the
whisky made during the last year in the gen-
tleman's district, as well as in my own, is still
in bond, and thus far has yielded no income
to the assessors of the respective districts. I
simply want to add, for the information of the
committee, that the highest amount returned
from any collection district in the State of
Indiana for the last year was $739,000 and the
lowest amount $92,000. The average in that
State will not exceed $250,000; so that the
highest salary for an assessor in the gentle-
man's district would not exceed $2,500, and
the salaries would range from that down to
$1,500.
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
show the discrepancies in point of principle in
the arguments of those who advocate these
high rates of pay. In the first place it is
declared that if wo desire the successful col-
lection of the revenue from distilled spirits we
shall obtain more money by reducing the tax
1o seventy-five or fifty cents on the gallon than
by retaining it at two dollars. This tax, it is
said, is so heavy that it induces men to search
out the loop-holes through which they can
crawl with their liquor without paying tax.
Reduce the tax, say gentlemen, to a certain
standard, and you do away with the tempta-
tion to fraud. Now, sir, the same principle
may be applied here. Reduce the standard
of pay to that of mechanics and other honest
men who are obliged to make their own living
and are not ashamed to show their heads any-
where. So long as you discriminate as you
have done, giving more pay to public officers
who are the instruments of cheating the Gov-
ernment than can be earned by private citi-
zens engaged in honest labor, you jnay expect
to have frauds on the revenue. Reduce the
pay to such a standard that the temptation will
not be so great. Pay these officers no more
wages than can be earned by honest men earn-
ing their living by the sweat of their brow.
I know what assessors are in my country.
Instead of coming to us we have to go down
to their offices and make our assessments.
They do not ride over the country. They are
too much the gentlemen to do that. Not one
assessor in fifty goes out of his office to levy
an assessment. They send out notices that
if the assessments are not sent in at a certain
time, within ten days, they will be levied at
double of what they should be. They put you
down double, and God only knows where it
goes to. The double does not go to the Govern-
ment ; they double it into their own pockets.
[Laughter.]
I think it is time to bring them down to the
common standard; bring them down as you
bring everything else down. They say that the
clerks do all the work. Then they levy black
mail on their masters. You decrease the labor,
and you ought not to increase the pay. The
Good Book says that " the laborer is worthy
of his hire;" and the Government does not
let the sun go down upon the laborer in its
vineyard without his hire. When you reduce
the work you ought to reduce the pay. In
this way you will have a harmonious policy.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to have debate terminate on this section.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I ob-
ject. I want to move an amendment in refer-
ence to cigar-makers.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then upon all but that
portion.
Mr. CHURCHILL._ I object. I waut to
move an amendment in reference to assistant
assessors.
The question was taken on Mr. Ela's amend-
ment; and there were—ayes 10, noes 30; no
quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chairman
appointed Mr. Holman and Mr. Blaixe.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 29, noes G6.
The Chairman voted in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I move
in line fifty-five to strike out "and twenty-five
cents for each certificate of registration given
to a cigar-maker on payment of his special
tax."
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a point of order.
That has just been put in on motion of the
committee.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. This
strikes out additional matter to that inserted
by the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I ob-
serve, in a subsequent section, that it is pro-
vided, as follows:
Cigar-makers shall each pay one dollar. Every
person whose business it is to make cigars for others,
either lor pay, upon commission, on shares, or other-
wise, Iroru material furnished by others, shall be
regarded as a cigar-maker. Every cigar-maker em-
ployed in the making of cigars m any collection dis-
trict other than the district where such special tax
receipt shall have been issued to him, shall register
his name and residence, without previous demand
theretor, with the assistant assessor of the division
in which such cigar-maker shall be so employed ;
and any cigar-maKer who shall neglect or reiuse to
make such re^isuy shall, on conviction thereof, be
fined five dollars l'or each day that such cigar-maker
shall so oftend by neglecting or refusing to register.
Besides paying this special tax they are by
this bill compelled to pay a tax for certificate
of registration. If they shall neglect or
refuse to make this registration they are to pay
five dollars. I understand that cigar-making
is an honorable occupation, as much so as any
other, and I cannot conceive why the}' should
be compelled any more than carpenters or
shoemakers to pay a dollar tax. This is unjust
legislation in regard to these cigar-makers, and
I hope that it will all be stricken out of the
bill. When we come to the other part of the
bill 1 will also move to strike out the para-
graph I have read.
Mr. SCHENCK. In the manufacture of
cigars it is absolutely essential if you will col-
lect the tax of irtie makers of cigars. They are
made on shares and in shops, and this regis-
tration is resorted to for the purpose of keep-
ing the run of the cigar-makers. The special
tax is resorted to simply as a matter of police
in order to identify the better and to know
what is the work of the shops. The gentleman
will perhaps be relieved by knowing that we
propose to reduce the tax to fifty cents.
What the gentleman proposes to strike out
is properly m this section. If the tax be
abolished, then we can come back and strike
this out.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. Let it
be reserved for the present.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well.
Mr. CHURCHILL. 1 move to amend in
line fifty, by striking out five dollars and insert-
ing $4 25. The committee have just refused
to reduce this from five dollars to lour dollars.
From my observation, I believe the compen-
sation as fixed by the report of the committee
is greater than that which is allowed to State
or local officers throughout the United States.
I think it is considerably greater than the
judgment of the country will sustain us in pay-
ing these men. I know in my own district, the
same men were engaged in performing the
duties of assistant assessors when tho compen-
sation was four dollars a day who are now
employed at five dollars, and they were just as
anxious to hold the offices at the former com-
pensation as they are now. I believe we shall
be able to secure the same degree of business
