8916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
■with one or two amendments, which I shall
take the liberty to offer; and I have no doubt
that, so far as the present occasion is con-
cerned, and the substance of it, that provision
will be adequate; and yet I must think that a
general provision to bo made durable, and to
apply to all eases, would be much wiser for the
present and the future than this special and
temporary proposition.
Jlr. DRAKE. Mr. President, there is so
much said in the Senate that might justas well
not be said for the purpose of shedding light
on any question that the greatest trouble 1 ever
have to address the Senate at all is to determ-
ine whether I have anything worth saying. 1
think there is something worth saying about
this matter. I am not going to wander from
the points of the case and not going into any
political discussion ; I simply wish to have the
matter shown in its true light and in as brief
terms as I can possibly command.
It is of no manner of use for the Senator
from New York to talk about introducing a
general proposition here and putting it upon
the statute-book of the country when he knows,
as well us he knows anything else, thatit never
would have occurred to him in the world to
introduce such a proposition as this but for
the fact that this Congress has been through
its whole history so far, and the next preced-
ing Congress through its whole history, dealing
with States that were in insurrection ; and, sir,
we might jnst as well come out and treat the
subject upon that basis, admit to the country
that we are still dealing with States that were
in insurrection and not undertake to salve over
the whole thing by adopting a general proposi-
tion which, in my opinion, is an insult to the
loyal States to adopt at all. The very propo-
sition that we have gone upon in all our legis-
lation is that these insurrectionary States ceased
to bo States in connection with the Union by
their insurrection, and that it was necessary
that they should be readmitted to representa-
tion in Congress. The amendment that I pro-
pose directly affirms that fact by its terms. The
Senator from New York shies clear round it,
and says nothing whatever about it. It does
not refer, either, to the insurrectionary States;
but proceeding upon the idea that there is a
necessity for a general law, it goes into the
enactment of a law which could have no pos-
sible necessity except in the fact that insurrec-
tionary States exist.
Why should we do this? Why should there
be such a law put on the statute-book with
regard to Maine, Vermont, New Hampshire,
Massachusetts, Missouri, and all the other loyal
States of the Union to determine the question
here whether theirgovernmen ts had been recog-
nized by Congress when the joint session of the
two Houses meet in February next? There is
necessity for it. I do not understand the rea-
son which lies at the bottom of the amendment
of the Senator from New York. Does he dis-
like to come up and talk in plain terms about
thesi insurrectionary States and deal with them
upon the basis of their readmission to Con-
gress and the substitution there of lawful and
permanent for provisional governments ? If he
does, I do not. I choose to take this matter
by the horns exactly as it stands, to put no
general statute upon the book for which there
can be no justification in the circumstances of
the country. You can find no justification in
the condition of any of the States but those
that engaged in rebellion; and I wish to make
it distinctly and pointedly applicable to them.
This is the whole purpose of my amendment;
that is the difference between the amendment
of the Senator from New York and the one
that I have proposed, that he undertakes to
deal as to the whole nation and all the States
on a condition of things that is not applicable
to all, while I undertake to deal with the rebel
States and the condition of things applicable to
them only. Therefore, sir, it is that I think
the amendment I have proposed is preferable
to his.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York [Mr. Conkling] to the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Dkake.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Conkling, Cragin.Fcssetiden, Fow-
ler, Harlan, Henderson, Howo, McDonald, Morgan,
Osborn, Pattcrson of New Hampshire, Ross, Stewart,
Thayer, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wiliey, and
Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Bucltalew, Cat.tell, Cole, Conness,
Davis, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Howard. McCreery,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye,
Pomeroy. Sumner, Tipton, Vickers, Williams, and
Y ates—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard,. Cameron,
Chandler, Corbett, Dixon, Doolittle, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Hendricks. Norton, Patterson of Tennessee,
Ramsey. Rice, Salisbury, Sherman, Sprague, and
Wcleti-18.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Seuator
from Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE. I propose to amend the amend-
ment by inserting in the first line after the word
"heretofore" the words "declared to be."
'j^ie PRESIDENT/>ro tempore. The amend-
ment will be so modified. The question is on
the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. We havenever declared
them to be simply in insurrection ; we always
say "rebellion."
The PRESIDENT^™ tonjjore. Five o'clock
having arrived, the Senate according to the
order will take a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven and a half
o'clock p. m.
post roads.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 589) to establish certain
post roads.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads to
move a few amendments. I move to strike out
lines seven and eight, under the head of "Cali-
fornia," in these words:
From Trinity Centre via Summorsville, Petersburg,
Cecilville, Centrevillo, and Black Bear to Sawyer's
Bar.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to strike out line
thirty-seven under the head of Minnesota, in
these words:
From Sauk Rapids, viaPrinceton, to Taylor's Falls.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to insert after line
twenty-one :
kaxsas.
From W aterville, via thecounty scat of Clay, Cloud.
Ottowa, and Saline counties, and Sharp's Creek to
Wichita oil Walnut Creek.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
maquoketa rivelt.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
joint resolution (S. R. Not 107) in relation to
the Maquoketa river in the State of Iowa.
The amendment was to add as an additional
section to the resolution, as follows :
And be it further revolved, That daras and bridges
may be constructed across the Iowa river in the State
of Iowa above the town of Wapello.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
concur in that amendment, and I will state that
the Legislature of the State has memorialized
Congress asking for this authority.
The amendment was concurred in.
target-shooting association".
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (H. R. No. 844)
to incorporate the Washington Target-Shoot-
ing Association, in the District of Columbia,
disagreed to by the House; and
On motion by Mr. HARLAN,
Resolved. That the Senate insist npon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to' by the House of
Representatives, and ask a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on thepartof the Sen-
ate be appointed by the Presidents™ tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Harlan, Mr. Conkling, and Mr. Vickeus.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, communicating further, in
connection with his message of the 23d of May
last, information relative to transactions which
have occurred in Japan in connection with the
civil war which exists in that empire ; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
wait talcott.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the bill
(II. R. No. 1099) for the relief of Wait Tal-
cott was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It is a direction to the Secretary of the
Treasury to credit to Wait Talcott, (as of the
18th February, 1805,) internal revenue col-
lector for the second district of Illinois, the
sum of $556 93, in consideration of the loss
of that sum by the robbery of his deputy,
Captain Richard A. Smith.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1C37) to increase the
pension of Mrs. Frances T. Richardson was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The 'bill (H. R. No. 1363) to increase the
pension of Emily B. Bidwell was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 329) to
amend the fourteenth section of an act approved
July 28, 1866, entitled " An act- to protect the
revenue, and for other purposes," was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
vallejo and iiumboldt bat railroad.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to take up for
consideration Senate bill No. 349. My object
is to get the bill read ; I shall not ask action
upon it just now.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 349) granting aid in the construction of a
railroad from the town of Vallejo to Humboldt
Bay, in the State of California, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. The Commit-
tee on Public Lands proposed to amend the
bill by striking out all after the enacting clause
and inserting:
That there be, and is hereby, granted to the Stat©
of California, for the use and benefit of the San
Francisco, Vallejo, and Humboldt Bay Railroad
Company, (a company organized and created under
the general laws of said State,) the right of way
through the public lands of the United States for
the construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the town of Vallejo to Humboldt bay, and the
right, power, and authority is also hereby given to
take from the public lauds adjacent to the line of
said road material of timber, eartli, and stone for
the construction thereof; said way is granted to the
extent of one hundred feet in width on each side of
said railroad, where it may pass through the public
domain.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatthere be, and
hereby is, granted tor the purpose of aiding in the
construction of said railroad and telegraph line, and
to secure the transportation of the mails, troops,
munitions of war, and public stores over the route of
said line of railway, every alternate section ol pub-
lic land, not mineral, designated by odd numbers, to
the amount of livo alternate sections per mile on
each side of said railroad on the lino thereof, between
Calistoga Springs and Humboldt bay, whore the
United States have lull title, not reserved, sold,
granted, or otherwise appropriated, and free from
preemption or other claims or rights at the time the
line of said road is designated by a plat thereof tiled
in the office of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office. And whenever, prior to said time, any
of said sections or parts of sections shall have been
granted, sold, reserved, occupied by homestead set-
tlers, or preempted, or otherwise disposed of, other
lands shall be selected by said company in lieu
thereof, under direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, in alternate sections, and designated by
odd numbers, not more than five miles beyond tho
