1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391?
limits of said alternate sections, and not including:
the reserve numbers: Provided, S!hafc ali mineral
lands be, and the same are hereby, excluded from the
operations of this art: Provided fiuthcr, That the
word "mineral," where it occurs 111 tills act, shall
not be held to include iron or coal: Provided further,
That the lands hereby granted to aid in the construc-
tion of said railroad shall be sold by the State of
California to actual settlers in quantities not to
exceed one quarter section to any one person, and at
a price to be lixed by the company not exceeding:
$'2 50 per acre, and the amount received for said
land shall be paid by the State to said company, alter
deducting all the expense incurred by the said State
in making such sales. And all sales so made shall bo
made upon the following terms, namely, one fourth of
the amount thereof shall be paid in cash at the time
of purchase, and the balance thereof shall bo paid
by t,no settlor in three annual installment®! with inter-
est, not to exceed seven per cent, per annum,
until paid. And the Secretary of the Interior shall
have power to prescribe rules and legulaaons for
carrying this act into effect, and no person shall be
deemed a;-i actual settler who does not furnish evi-
dence, iu toin.h foim as the Governor ol the Siatft may
presenbe, th.it it is Iih or her intention to enter
upon, improve, and reside upon the lands he or she
may puichase : Provided farther, That any alternate
even-numbered sections along tlio line of any rail-
way, which have not been sold or entered upon by
actual settleis within ten years from and alter the
suivey and location of said railway, shall be dis-
posed of on the same terms as other public lands of
the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That whenever
said San }?iauoisoo,V allejo, and Humboldt Bay Rail-
road Company shall have ten consecutive miles ot
any portiou ot said railroad and telegraph lino ready
lor the service contemplated, the Governor of the
State of California shall ceitify to the Secretary oi
the Interior that ten consecutive miles ol the said
road and telegraph line have been completed Ina
good, subtotauiial, and workmanlike manner, as in
all other respects required by this act; and thereupon
patents of lands, as al'oic&atd, shall be issued to said
State, confirming to the said State for the said com-
pany the title to said lands situated opposite to and
conterminous with said completed section of said
road. And from time to time, whenever ten additional
consecutive miles shall have been constructed, com-
pleted, and in readiness as aforesaid, ami venlied as
aforesaid to the President ot the United States, then
patents shall be issued to said State lor the use of
said company, conveying the additional sections of
lands as aforesaid, and so on as fast as every ten
miles of said road is completed.
{3flC. 4. And be tt further enae'ed, That said Vallejo
and ilumboldt Bay railroad shall be constructed in
a substantial and workmanlike manner, with all the
necessary draws, culverts, bridges, viaducts, cros-
Mh-,-s, turn-outs, stations, and watering-places, and
nil other appurtenances, including lurnituio and
loihng-fctock, equal in ail lespects to uiilroads of the
lii&i cia>s when prepared for business, with iails ot
the best quality: and a uniform gauge, being the
same as thatot the Union and Central Pacific rail-
loads, shall be established throughout the enure
length of the road. And thei c shall be constructed
a tolegmph lineot the most substantial and approved
description to be operated along the entire line.
And itt-hall be the duty ot the San Francisco, V allejo,
and Humboldt BayilailioadCompany to permit any
other raiiioad which shall be authorized to be built
by the United States, or by the Legislature of the
State ot California, to lorm runningconnectionsvvith
it on equitable, just, and fair towns.
Sue. 3. And be it further enacted. That the Presi-
dent ol the United States shall cause the lands to be
suiveyed for ten nines iu width on both sides of the
eiitiio lino of said road, after the general routo shall
be fixed, and as fast as may be required by the con-
struction ofsaid railroad; and thesaid odd-numbered
sections of land hereby granted shall not be liable
to sale or entry or preemption after the line of said
raiiioad is designated by a plat filed in the office of the
Commissioneroi the General Land Office, as provided
in section two of thi<$ act, except by said company,
as provided in this act. And the reserved alternate
even-numbered sections shall not be sold by the
Government at a price less than $2 oO per acre when
offered for sale.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That each and
every grant, right, and privilege herein, arc so made
and given to and accepted by said San Francisco,
Vnllejo, and HumboldtBay Railroad Company, upon
and subject to the following conditions, namely:
that the said company shall commence the work on
said road within one year from the passage of this
act, and shall complete not less than ten miles per
year afterthcsecondyear, and shall construct, equip,
furnish, and complete the main lino of the whole
road by the 4th day of July, A. D. 1880.
See. 7. And be it further enacted, lhat the United
States make the seveial conditional grants herein,
and that tno said San JTraneisoo, Vallejo, and Hum-
boldt Buy Railroad Company acccpt tho sarao upon
the farther condition that it tho said company malic
any bleach ot the condition hereof, and allow the
Mvt:ie to continue for upward, of ouc year, then in
such case, at any time hereafter, the United States
may do any and all acts and things which may be
needful and necessary to insure a, speedy completion
of the said road.
Sue. 8. Awl be it further enacted, ihat toe accept-
anue ol the terms, conditions, and impositions ot this
act bvthe said San Francisco. Vauejo, and ilumboldt
Bay Railroad Company shall bo sigmlied in writing
under the corporate seal of said company, duly exe-
cuted pursuant to the direction of its board ol direc-
tors. first had and obtained, wmch acceptance shall
be made within one year after tho passage ol this
act, and not afterward, and shall be deposited in the
office of the Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That tho directors
of said company shall moke and publish an annual
report of their proceedings and expenditures, veri-
fied by the affidavits of tho president and at least
live of the directors, a copy of which shall be de-
posited in tho office of the said Secretary of the In-
terior.
Sec. 10. And be it fvrther enacted, That the better
to accomplish the object of this act, namely: to pro-
mote the public interest and welfare by tho construc-
tion ofsaid railroad and telegraph line, and keeping
the sarao in working order, and io secure to the Gov-
ernment at all times, but particularly in time of war
the use and benefits of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes. Congress may at any time, hav-
ing duo regard lor the rights of snid San Francisco,
Vallejo, and lliunboldt Cay Railroad Company, add
to, alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Mr. CONNESS. Now I move that, the bill
be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
PENSION BILLS.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, announced that the
House lnid passed the following bills, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 014) for the relief of Mrs.
Alice A. Dryer;
A bill (H. R. No. 851) granting a pension to
Ann Williams;
• A bill (H. R. No. 880) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary J. Trueman ;
A bill (.II. It. No. 991) for the relief of Za-
doek T. Newman;
A bill (H. R. No. 1203) granting a pension
to Joseph A. Fry;
A bill (LI. It. No. 1295) granting a pension
to William J. Cotty, late of the twenty-first
Missouri infantry volunteers;
A bill (II. R. No. 1315) for the relief of Seth
Lea;
A bill (H. R. No. 1331) for the relief of
Nancy Cook, of Tennessee;
A bill (II. R. No. 1332) for the relief of
Barbara Stout, of Tennessee ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1382J) granting a pension
to Sarah E. Ball, widow of James Ball, de-
ceased, late fireman on the steamer Vedette,
connected with the Burnside expedition;
A bill (H. R. No. 1383) granting a pension
to Miss Ann E. Hamilton, of Alleghany city,
Pennsylvania, aunt and adopted mother of
James E. McKillip and Charles P. McKillip,
deceased, late soldiers in the Union Army;
A bill (11. R. No. 1884) granting a pension
to Mrs. Elizabeth Lane, of Boston, Massachu-
setts, mother of John Lane, deceased, late a
private in company A, twelfth regiment Mas-
sachusetts volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1385) granting a pension
to Roslmda McCalee, widow of Barney McCa-
lee, deceased, late a private in company I,
tenth regiment New York cavalry volunteers;
A bill (II. R. No. 1380) granting a pension
to Hinman L. Hall;
A bill (II. R. No. 1387) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Gr. Hibben, widow of Rev. Samuel
Ilibben, deceased, late a chaplain in the fourth
cavalry regiment, Illinois volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1388) granting a pension
to Kate Higgins;
A bill (II. R. No. 1389) granting a pension
to Eliza Donnelly, mother of Dudley Don-
nelly, deceased, late colonel of the twenty-
eighth regiment infantry, New York State vol-
unteers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1390) granting a pension
to Michael Roilly ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1391) granting a pension
to Jane McNaughton;
A bill (II. li. No. 1392) granting a pension
to Chauncey D. Rose, father of Alvin J. Rose,
late a sergeant-veteran in company A, second
regiment of Ohio cavalry volunteers, who was
killed in action at Five Forks, Virginia, April
1, 1805;
A bill (H. R. No. 1393) granting a pension
to Hugo Eichholtz;
A bill (H. K. No. 1394) granting a pension
to Daniel Sheets;
A bill (H. R. No. 1395) gianting a pension
to Esther C. C. Vaugilder, widow of Charles
F. Vangilder, deceased, late a private in com-
pany M, -first regiment Vermont heavy artillery
volunteers;
A bill (II. R. No. 1396) granting a pension
to Stephen T. Carver;
A bill (H. R. No. 1397) granting a pension
to Prescott Y. Ilowland;
A bill (II. R. No. 1398) granting a pension
to Martin Burke;
A bill (H. R. No. 1399) granting increased
pension to William B. Edwards;
A bill (H. R. No. 1400) granting a pension
to Jonathan H. Perry ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1401) granting a pension
to John La Marsh ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1402) granting ,a pension
to Catharine Skmner;
A bill (11. R. No. 1403) granting a pension
to Helen L. Wolf;
A bill (II. li. No. 1404) granting a petition
to William Smith ;
A bill (H. it. No. 1405) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Lamar;
A bill (H. R. No. 1406) granting a pension
to Patrick Collins ;
A bill (II. it. No. 1407) granting a pension
to John Gridley;
A bill (II. R. No. 1408) granting a pension
to Catharine Gensler;
A bill (II. It. No. 1409) granting a pension
to Asa F. Holcomb ;
A bill (LI. R. No. 1410) granting back pen-
sion to the minor children of Joseph Berry ;
A bill (II. It. No. 1411) granting a pension
to Polly W. Cotton ;
A bill (11. It. No. 1412) granting a pension
to the children of William it. Silvey;
A bill (II. It. No. 1413) granting a pension
to Jane Rook; and
A bill (II. R. No. 1414) granting a pension
to Sarah K. Johnson.
These bills were read twice by their titles,
and n ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
ELECTOUAL VOTES OF LATK H15BKL STATUS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I call far the reg-
ular order.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of the morning session is the
jointresolution (S. It. No. 139) excluding from
the Electoral College votes of States lately in
rebellion which shall not have been reorgan-
ized. That joint resolution is before the Situ-
ate as in Committee of the Whole; and the
pending question is on the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Drake.]
Mr. DRAKE. With regard to that amend-
ment, in consequence of a suggestion made by
the Senator from Kansas just before the Senate
adjourned, as to the use of the word "insur-
rection," I haveexarnined theaets of 1801, and
the proclamation of the President in regard to
the insurrectionary States, and have found that
I had correctly used the word "insurrection."
I have now modified my amendment so as to
embrace the very language of the acts and
proclamations of 1801; and it reads thus :
" No S tate whose inhabitants wore by the prool ama-
tion of tho President of the United States of August
16, 1861, declared to bo in a state of insurrection,
shall bo entitled to representation in tho Electoral
College for the choice of President and V ice Presi-
dent of the United States, nor shall any electoral
vote be received or counted from any such State,
unless at the time prescribed by law for the choice
of such doctors theStatoshall have boon readmitted
to representation in Congress, nor unless the electors
shall havo been chosen under and by authority of a
Stato govemmenttheretofore recoguizcd by Congress
as lawful and permanent,'and not provisional."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish Senators to pay
a little attention, because the only object any
of us have is to gel the measure in the best-
form. I studied the subject somewhat myself
before the original resolution was introduced ;
and going over the debates of 1804 and 1S85,
and the various forms in which Senators thou
offered amendments to reach this same result,
I thought it was altogether wiser to take wnat
was then settled upon as the foundation of
this proposition, because men of all parties
agreed to that form and voted for it. As I
stated to-day, it was maintained that in that,
form it was the true and proper expression
of legislative will; and I would be glad to have
