1868.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Contested-Election Case- Mr. Trimble.
Ho, oi? Reps.
of the United States, either in the ciril, military, or
naval departments of.the public service, excepting
the President ot the United States, shall, before
entering upon the duties of such office, and before
being entitled to any of the salary or other emolu-
merits tuereol, take and subscribe tie following oath
or affirmation:
" I, A C, do solemnly srrear (or affirm) that I have
never voluntarily borne arms against the "United
States since I have oeen a citizen thereof; that I have
voluntarily given no aid, countenance, counsel, of
encouragement to persons engaged inarmed hostility
thereto; that 1 haveneithersotight noraccepted nor
attempted to exercise the functions of any office what-
ever under any authority or pretended authority in
hostility to the United States; thatlhavenotyielded
a voluntary support to any pretended government,
authority, power, or constitution within the United
States hostile or inimical thereto. And I do further
swear (or affirm) that, to the best of my knowledge and
ability, I will support and defend the Constitution
ot the United States against all enemies, foreign and
domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance
to the same; that I take this obligation freely, with-
out any mental reservation or purpose of evasion;
and that X will well and faithfully discharge the
duties of the office on which I am about to enter: so
help me God.
"Approved July 2,1862."
The oafh of office prescribed in the Consti-
tution of the United States, as follows:
/'The Senators and Representatives before men-
tioned and the members of the several State Legis-
latures. and all executive and judicial officers both
of the United States and of the several States, shall
be bound by oath or affirmation to support this Con-
stitution, but no religious test shall over be required
as a qualification to any office of public trust under
the United States"-—
That requires a member of Congress to swear
that he will support the Constitution. This
is the qualification fixed by the Constitution
itself, and is all that Congress ever had a
right to ask at the hands of John D. Young or
anybody else to entitle him to a seat as a Rep-
resentative in this House. The framers of the
Constitution, in my judgment, never intended
or expected that the right to a seat on this
floor would be touched by the Legislature of the
country. They fixed the qualifications in the
Constitution itself, which neither Congress nor
any power in this country has a right to add
to or diminish. Congress can add nothing to
the oath. Hence I maintain that the test-oath
prescribed and required to be taken by mem-
bers of Congress is in violation of the Consti-
tution, and therefore void. And while I say
this, I would not, as a member of this House,
take that oath unless truthfully and conscien-
tiously. Nor do I believe John D. Young
would take it unless he could do it truthfully
and conscientiously. lie presents himself here
and asks to be admitted. He proposes to take
your test-oath. He is met at the threshold
and told to depart. Congress becomes the
keeper of his conscience, and says to him you
shall not take this oath nor occupy the posi-
tion the people of your district elected you to
fill.
This principle has been established and main-
tained by this Government from the commence-
ment. of it up to this time. It has been sus-
tained by the Supreme Court in the case of
Garland ex parte, which will be found in 4
Wallace, page 333.
Congress, by an act passed January 24,1865,
extended the provisions of the act of July 2,
1862, so as to require the oath therein pre-
scribed to be taken by lawyers practicing in
the courts of the United States. That act was
declared by the Supreme Court, upon solemn
adjudication, after thorough argument, to be
unconstitutional, not only because it,was in
conflict with the inhibition against the passage
of bills of attainder, but because it was to all
intents and purposes an ex post facto law,
besides being in contravention of that clause
in the Constitution vesting the pardoning power
in the Executive. But there is another and
far weightier reason for holding the act of
1862 unconstitutional, when sought to be en-
forced as to members of Congress, and that is,
that it superadds qualifications, or, which
amounts to the same thing, prescribes disqual-
ifications for Representatives unknown to the
Constitution, which in the very nature of things
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 24.
Congress has no power to do. • That decision,
it, is-true, only applied to attorneys-at-law;- but
the principle applies, with great force, toa mem-
ber of Congress. This principle whs early
recognized by Congress in the case of'Barney
vs. MeCreery, from- Maryland, and reaffirmed
in the casesof Foukefts. Trumbull, and Turney
vs. Marshall, from Illinois. In the-latter case
the distinguished ehairman of the committee at
that time, Mr. Bingham, says in his report:
" By the Constitution the people have the right to
choose as their Representative any person having
only the qualifications therein mentioned, without
superadding thereto any .additional qualification
whatever. 'A power to add new qualifications is
equivalent to a power to vary or change them."
This was the language of Mr. Bingham as
chairman of the Committee of Elections. Can
any proposition be clearer? That Congress
cannot add to or diminish the requirements of
the Constitution, either in the qualifications or
in the oath of office. The Constitution is the
great Magna Charta. It is the supremo law of
this land in war and in peace, for rulers and
people. I ask that it be obeyed. Obliterate
your odious test-oath, and let it no longer
stand as a-monument of partisan legislation.
But, Mr. Speaker, I cannot hope that this
House will concur with me in this -opinion.
You act, in the language of Mr. Stevens, of
Pennsylvania, your great chief, outside of the
Constitution. I will proceed to argue this prop-
osition, and yielding, for argument's sake, the
full force and effect of the act of July, 1862,
known as the test-oath act, 1 propose to invite
your attention to the testimony elicited against
Mr Young, and on that testimony, in my judg-
ment, if carefully weighed and considered by
members and the rules of law applied that would
beappliedto the meanest and poorest criminal
in this land, this House must render a verdict
in favor of John 1). Young and admit him to
his seat. So far as the charge of giving aid
and comfort to the rebellion is concerned, or
any act that would preclude him from taking
this oath, the evidence totally fails.
Now, what do they prove? What is the
evidence? Take the strongest points relied
upon by the friends of McKee—1 will not say
the committee, for they have said otherwise-—
for with them I propose to deal, as presented
here, and apply the rule of law to them.' Mr.
Henry H. Ewing swears that Judge Young
was at Prestonburg in 18G1, long before the
passage of this test-oath law, and when there
was no law either of Congress or of the State
of Kentucky preventing Mr. Young being at
Prestonburg. The witness swears that con-
federates were organizing there, and he saw
Mr. Young. He says:
411 do not know that he had a gun there. He
showed me a gun standing in the porch of the house
where he was staying, and asked mo to take care of
it. He said, ' There is a good gun; take care of it.'
He never spoke to me about going into the rebel
army."
This is the whole evidence in relation to the
gun connecting Young with the gun. The
witness at that time was not in the rebel army,
and did not join the rebel army for more than
one year after that time. Upon that testimony
Mr. Young is told that he cannot take the oath
truthfully, and that he must depart hence.
There is no evidence in this record to show
that Mr. Young took that gun there, that he
owned it, or had anything to do with it. Nor
is there any proof that this man Ewing intended
to join his fortunes with the confederacy—none
whatever. It was during a time of excite-
ment in Kentucky, and Mr. Young might have
been as loyal a man as any in Kentucky, and
his motive, for aught I know or the proof
shows, might have been to give that gun to that
man to prevent its going into the confederate
service to be used against the Government of
the United States. This man Ewing may have«
been a Union man at the time.
There are thousands of men in Kentucky
who in 1861 opposed secession and revolution
with all their-power, and.wlio afterward .united
their fortunes with the .confederacy when, a
change of policy was adopted, as they con-
ceived, and yo.u. now admit. Moreover, the
testimony of numerous witnesses shows that
Mr. Young went to Prestonburg for the sole
purpose of getting out of the. qonfederate camp ■
his brother-in-law, the brother ,of the partner
of his bosom, and keeping him out, of the con-
federate service. Was that giving aid and com-
fort to the rebellion ? -Was it not- bringing
within the lines of the Federal authorities a
man who he was fearful would join the rebel:
lion? It.was clearly an act.of direct and pos-
itive loyalty and aid to the Federal Govern-
ment and against the confederacy. So far,
therefore, as that circumstance in relation to
the gan is concerned I do not think that it
will weigh one feather with the House. It
should not. It cannot with any fair mind dis-
posed to do justice.
What next? Another witness-swears that
two years afterward he voted-against Judge
Young because he believed that Judge Young
aided to break up that camp, and came very
near doing it at that time. Did that aid .the
rebellion ?
What else do you have against Judge Young"?
Mr. Nickell swears that he was in Owingsville,
in Bath county ; that he was brought in there
as a prisoner; and some man that they called
Judge Young, a man he did not know, told
the confederate officer to go to a certain house
where there was a Union soldier, to arrest him.
What does the witness state in each of his
examinations? That the only time he ever
saw Judge Young—"if this was him"—was
that time at Owingsville. Nowhere does he
say that he knew that to be Judge Young; but
he puts in this "if;" " if this was him."
If there is any doubt upon this question, in
my judgment that doubt is the property of
John D. Young, and not to be given to the
party seeking to deprive him of his seat here.
Judge Young should not be required here to
prove his innocence; reversing the principle
of law, a principle of law as old and as just
as the law itself.
I will not comment upon the character of
this infamous witness Nickell; that has been
ably done by my colleague [Mr. Golladay]
and by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerb,] a member of the Committee of Elec-
tions. I leave you to take his evidence, and
give it the strongest force you can give it; and
he exonerates John D. Young, because he does
not identify him as the man who made the sug-
gestion at Owingsville.
But it is said and argued in this ease that
the sympathies of John D. Young was not
with the Federal authorities. In my judgment
this House is estopped from making that argu-
ment in this case, for the Committee of Elec-
tions declared in the first eases reported from
Kentucky that sympathy cannot preclude a
man from taking his seat in this House. That
report was made by Mr. Cook December 3,
1867, in which they say:
"That while mere want of active support of the
Government or a passive sympathy with the rebellion
are not sufficient to exclude aherson regularly elected
from taking his seat in the House."
The committee will not, I hope, ignore this
sentiment and report.
Nowthisproceeding, so far as JohnD. Young
is concerned, is one of great importance. It
brands him as unworthy to hold any officein
the gift of the United States, and if the con-
stitutional amendment known as the fourteenth
amendment shall become the lawof theland,
which I earnestly hope it never will, it will de-
prive him from holding any office within the gift
of the people of his native State. _ He has the
right, and the voters of that district have the
inalienable right to the protection the laws of
the United States and the State of Kentucky
so plainly guaranties, to them their right of
suffrage—tod I, as one of the Representatives
