1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I submit,
as a matter of propriety, the House should not,
as a straggling body of gentlemen, but as an
organized body, attend at the bar of the Senate
during this grfive proceeding—one of the grav-
est that has ever taken place in this country.
We ought to be there to stand by our managers
who in our name are engaged in this mighty
prosecution.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] says this House
ought to attend thejudicial sessions of the Sea-
ate during the trial of the impeachment of the
President, because it is being prosecuted in the
name of the House. The same reason would
require that " all the people of the United
States" should also attend, because the im-
peachment is being prosecuted also in their
name.
But I do not arise to reply to that suggestion
of the gentleman so much as I do to move that
during the trial of the impeachment the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, in order that such
gentlemen as do not please to attend the ju-
dicial sessions of the Senate may remain here
and make speeches, and thus economize the
time of the House when in session for regular
business.
Mr. SPALDING objected.
Mr. MAYNARD again submitted his reso-
lution.
Mr. SPALDING again objected.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the resolution
of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
nard] be modified so as to be applicable only
to this day.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not object to that.
The motion was agreed to.
pension bills.
The following Senate bills were taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions and the War of 1812:
An act (S. No. 320) for the relief of George
Lynch, a soldier of the war of 1812;
An act (8. No. 338) for the relief of William
Blake, a soldier of the war of 1812; and
An act (S. No. 341) granting a pension to
John W. Salyers, a soldier of the war of 1812.
The following Senate bills were taken from
the Speaker's table, read the first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions:
An act (S. No. 426) for the relief of Thomas
Crossley;
An act (S. No. 282) granting a pension to
Annie E. Dixon ;
An act (S. No. 291) granting a pension to
Ann Kelly, widow of Bernard Kelly;
An act (S. No. 292) granting a pension to
Maria Raftery;
An act (S. No. 314) for the relief of George
T. Brien;
An act (S. No. 316) for the relief of Rebecca
V. Senor, mother of James H. Senor, deceased;
An act (S. No. 315) granting a pension to
Marquis D. S. Mitchell, of the Creek nation
of Indians ;
An act (S. No. 323) granting a pension to
Michael Kelly;
An act (S. No. 317) granting an increase of
pension to Sylvanus Blodgett, of Jericho,
Chittenden county, Vermont;
An act (S. No. 339) granting a pension to
Sarah Webb, widow of William R. Webb, and
her minor child;
An act (S. No. 342) granting a pension to
Thomas Stewart;
An act (S. No. 34S) for the relief of W. G.
Cummings;
An act (S. No. 344) granting a pension to
Caroline and Margaret Swartwout;
An act (S. No. 333) for the relief of Julia
M. Molin;
An act (S. No. 359) granting a pension to
Louisa Pitch,' widow of E. P. Pitch, deceased ;
An act (S. No. 332) granting a pension to
John W. Harris;
An act (8. No. 281) granting a pension to
Anne Dycher, widow of Nathan D. Dycher;
An act (S. No. 184) granting a pension to
Mrs. Ann Corcoran;
An act (S. No. 280) granting a pension to
Michael Hennessey, of Plattecounty, Missouri;
An act ^S. No. 319) granting a pension to
Bridget W. McGrorty and the minor children
of William B. McGrorty, deceased ;
An act (S. No. 821) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary Gaither, widow of Wiley Gaither, de-
ceased ;
An aet (S. No. 322) granting a pension to
Sherman H. Cowles;
An act (S. No. 318) for the relief of Char-
lotte Posey, widow of Sebastian R. Posey ;
An act (S. No. 340) for the relief of Thomas
Chittenden;
An act (8. No. 381) granting a pension to
Edward Hamel, minor child of Edward Hamel,
deceased;
An act (S. No. 382) granting an increase of
pension to Obadiah T. Plum;
An act (S. No. 383) granting a pension to
John A. Weed and Elizabeth J. Weed, minor
children of Robert T. Weed, deceased;
An act (S. No. 419) granting a pension to
Mary Atkinson ;
An act (S. No. 420) granting a pension to
James A. Guthrie;
An act (S. No. 421) granting a pension to
Caroline E. Thomas:
An aet (S. No. 422) granting a pension to
Maria Schweitzer and- the minor children of
Conrad Schweitzer, deceased;
An act (S. No. 423) granting a pension to
James Jackson;
An act (S. No. 424) granting a pension to
Bartlett and Carrie Edwards, children of David
W. Edwards, deceased;
An act (S. No. 425) granting a pension to
George Bennett; and
An act (S. No. 427) for the relief of the
widow and children of John W. Jamison,
deceased.
Mr. YAN WYCK moved to reconsider the
votes by which the various bills were referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
whisky frauds.
Mr. YAN WYCK, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing under the
rule.
llesolved, That five thousand extra copies of the
report of the Committee on Retrenchment on whisky
frauds he printed for the use of the House.
officers' fees in bankrupt cases.
Mr. VAN WYCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 233)
in regard to the fees of clerks and marshals in
bankrupt oases; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Revision of Laws of the United States.
life-saving inventions.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved,, That the Committee on Printing be in-
structed to have printed for the use of the House five
thousand extra copies of the report of the life-saving
commission on the subject of tho life-saving inven-
tion recently examined and tested by the said com-
mission in the city and bay of New York.
Mr.WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Mr. Speaker,
I move a call of the House. We can dispense
with it at any time.
The question was put and appeared to be
carried.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, would it be in
order to require the Sergeant-at-Arms to call
upon the people of the United States to attend
the impeachment trial? [Laughter.]
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that that body in-
sisted on its amendments to House bill No.
718, making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of tho Government,
for the year ending June 30, 1868, and for
other purposes, disagreed to by the House of'
Representatives, had agreed to the conference
asked by the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had ordered
that Messrs. Morrill of Vermont, Howe, and
Bucicalew be the conferees on the part of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 408) for the
benefit of the heirs of Asbury Dickens, de-
ceased, in which the concurrence of the House
w^s requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had adopted the following order:
Ordered, That the Secretary inform the House of
Representatives that the Senate is in its Chamber
ready to proceed on the trial of Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States, and that seats are
prepared for the accommodation of its members.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In view of
the notice just given, I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
for the purpose of proceeding to the bar of the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee ofthe Whole, (Mr. Washbdrne,
of Illinois, in the chair,) and at one o'clock
and fifteen minutes p. m. proceeded, in pur-
suance of the order of the House, to the bar
of the Senate.
At five o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m. the
Committee of the Whole returned to the Hall,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. AVASHBURNE, of Illinois, reported
that the Committee of the Whole, in pursuance
of the order of the House, had attended the
Senate sitting as s> high court of impeachment,
in company with the managers, and after hear-
ing arguments in the case the court had ad-
journed till Monday, the 2Sd instant, at one
o'clock p. m.
session for saturday.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I ask unani-
mous consent that the session of to-morrow be
in the Committee of the Whole, for debate only.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the debate
may continue to-morrow on the bill for the ad-
mission of Alabama. Several gentlemen de-
sire to speak upon it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
understanding be that that subject may be de-
bated in the Committee of the Whole, and the
debate confined to that, if gentlemen please.
The SPEAKER. The bill cannot be taken
up until there has been a morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is there
any objectiou to my proposition?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's colleague
[Mr. Farnsworth] objects.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
move that when the House adjourns it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not strenuous
about thia matter. I desire to progress^ with
the Alabama bill as fast as the House will do
so ; but as there seems to be a pretty universal
desire to have a session for debate I will not
object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is aware of
several gentlemen who desire to speak to-mor-
row on general subjects. If there be no objec-
tion there will be a session to-morrow for
debate only as in the Committee of the Whole.
•No objection was made.
admission of alabama.
Mr. BAKER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that some amendments which I
propose to offer at the proper time to the bill
for the admission of Alabama may be ordered
to be printed.
There was no objection, and the order was
made.
numbering of bills.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
