486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
ment how it shall exercise its powers. It is
not a question of quorum, it is a question of
judicial power. You say it shall not be exer-
cised in the manner in which it is exercised.
The Constitution says that it shall be exer-
cised by that body according to its responsi-
bility to the people.
" Now, sir, 1 maintain if the majority of the
Supreme Court is competent to decide a ques-
tion of property, a question of liberty, a ques-
tion of life, it is competent to decide a consti-
tutional question; and it possesses the right
to decide it upon the same principles or tenure
it decides the others. It holds power in both
cases by virtue of the fundamental law of the
land, and therefore Congress can neither add to
nor subtract from it.
This is my principal objection to the bill and
amendment. Another less important objec-
tion is that it will be found impracticable. I
venture to affirm if the House passes this bill
or this amendment, or both, the bill with the
amendment, it will be found not only difficult
but in some cases impossible for the court to
m iture its judgments on the principles of this
bill. Suppose, sir, there are seven judges and
seven sections of an act of Assembly or act of
Congress—for State as well as Federal law may
come before it—and one judge thinks it is un-
constitutional for what is contained in one
section,another judge for what is contained in
another section ; you may, if you please; sup-
pose every judge shall declare that law to be
unconstitutional for separate and distinct rea-
sons; that for his own reasons he holds the
law unconstitutional and for the reasons of the
other judges he holds it to be constitutional,
nnder this bill how is that court to decide that
question? Is that law unconstitutional under
the judgment of that court?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
sxpired.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I Sow yield ten
.uinutes to the gentleman from Connecticut
[Mr. Htbbard.]
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Mr.-
Speaker, this question, as it seems to me, is
one of the utmost gravity that can possibly be
addressed to a legislative body, inasmuch as,
if the view I take be correct, it is intended, or if
not .so intended, will act as a direct usurpation of
the powers of another coordinate branch of the
Government, and unless these three branches
can be held in harmony and each preserve its
proper relation to the other, then I submit the
Government as formed by the Constitution no
longer exists, but has gone to its grave.
Let me remark, in the first place, that the
Supreme Court of the United States is not a
creature of the House or of the Senate or of
both combined. It is not the child of legisla-
tive power, but is created by the sapje author-
ity which created the House and Senate. Both
children came from one parent, and when one
child seeks to slay the other it is guilty of a
crime that Cain committed in the elder world.
Now, then, bearing in mind that the Su-
preme Court is not a creature of the legisla-
tive power, but is the creatfcre of the Constitu-
tion, we come to the inquiry whether or not
the legislative power may determine how many
members of the Supreme Court are necessary
to pronounce judgment upon a case pending
before them.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I will
not. So long as I am placed between the
clamps that are put upon me I do not propose
to have my time frittered away % interrup-
tion.
Remembering, I say, that the Supreme Court
is created by the Constitution, by the game
power that created this House, that they are
brothers, twin children, I may say, of the same
father and mother, we come to the question
whether or not this House and the Senate
combined may determine how many members
are necessary to award judgment in a case
pending before it. The bill as it was reported
mqatges, as I understand, a majority of two
thirds. The amendment offesed by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Williams]
requires that there shall be unanimity of the
bench. I agree with the gentleman who offered
that amendment, that if the bill reported by ;
the committee can be justified the amendment J
offered by himself can be justified on just the
same grounds. ' I
Now, how is the Supreme Court constituted?
It consists of those judges, and those only,
who may be appointed by law to sit on that
bench. How many are necessary" to render
judgment? That question is easily answered.
A majority only, by the well-settled principle
of the common law, is necessary to action in
all public bodies, judicial or otherwise. In a
private tribunal, as a board of arbitrators, for
instance, unanimity is required ; but in a board
composed of public officers a majority only is
requisite. Now,when the Constitution provided
a Supreme Court the common law provided
that a majority may pronounce the judgment of
that court. If this be not so, then I ask, may
notthis Congress takeaway from the citizen the
right of a jury trial ? The Constitution provides
that every citizen shall have this right. What
constitutes a jury? Can this Congress de-
termine that five, six, eight, or ten, or any num-
ber less or more than twelve, shall constitute a ,
jury? By no manner of means. Why? lie-
cause the term jury had a common-law mean-
ing when the Constitution was framed and i
adopted. And as the term jury had a definite ;j
common-law meauing which required unanim-
ity in its decision, so the phrase Supreme Court
had involved in it a common-law signification
and rule which prescribed that as a law of the
body a majority only was necessary to an award
of judgment. Such being the fact, this Con-
gress cannot alter the rule applicable to the i
court unless it can alter the rule applicable to j
the verdict of a jury. I deny, therefore, that
the legislative power can determine what num- !
ber is necessary to render judgment in a case j'
before the Supreme Court.
And this, Lsubmit, has been the construction
that has been put upon this question from the
beginning. Among all the acts that have been
referred to by the gentlemen who represent
the other side of this question there is not one
to be found which is anything else than a mere
declaration of the common law requiring a
mere majority to render a judgment of the
court. There is not an act to be found that
requires more than a majority. And those
acts which require majorities are simply declar-
atory of the common law.
I deny, therefore, that this Congress has any
authority to say what shall constitute a quorum
of the Supreme Court.
But more than that, I submit that it would
be both impolitic and inexpedient, even if this
Congress were omnipotent in this regard, to
attempt to enact such a rule as is embodied in
either the bill reported by the committee or
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Williams.] It is perfectly
well known that it is intended to reach a partic-
ular case ; and this bill without being printed,
without allowing members Of ■ the House an
opportunity of ever seeing it, but only of catch-
ing it by the ear as it fell from the Clerk, in hot,
in indecent haste, is submitted to the House for*
action, and each one of us is required to pass
upon it at the tap of the drum. Why this
impetuous haste? Because it happens to be
rumored—I know not whether truly or not—that
the Supreme Court by a majority, perhaps by
a large majority, are adverse to a particular
measure upon which the majority of this Con-
gress are disposed to stake their political life.
Because they have learned in advance that the
judicial raindof the Supreme Court condemns
the act they propose to muzzle, ay, sir, to
muzzle the Supreme Court. While that court
from 1789 to the year of grace in which I am
now speaking has been ruling all questions,
constitutional and otherwise, by the simple law
of a majority which governs all judicial tribu-
nals which are not the creatures of statute law;
while it has been ruling all sorts of questions
relating to property, relating to life, relating to
liberty, relatingto the Constitution by thesunple
law of majority, this Congress now, for pur-
poses which, 1 submit, are neither houorable nor
praiseworthy, proposes to muzzle the Supreme
Court to the end that that court may not inter-
fere with the will of this Congress with respect
to the reconstruction measures.
Now, let me make another suggestion. The
amendment before the House proposes to re-
quire unanimity in the Supreme Court, as it is
required in a jury. Sir, if unanimity is to be
required in that court as in the verdict of a
jury then I respectfully submit to the House
that they ought to make provision for a right
of challenge. If that court is to be organized
under this biil for the special purpose of con-
firming by a mere minority the action of this
Congress in respect to pending reconstruction
measures, surely any man interested in that
question ought to have the right to challengo
the authority of a member of that court to
pass upon the case if his mind and judgment
should happen to be subject to the potential
force and sway of a presidential nomination.
With a judge sitting in that court and having
the power by his simple dissent to defeat the
judgment of the tribunal—a judge whose mind
is perhaps distorted, weighed down by those
tremendous influences that come from political
passions and political partisanships, and his
position as a candidate for the Presidency—
passing, perhaps, on one of the planks of his
own political platform, then I submit that the
judgment of the Supreme Court is less than
worthless.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now yield five
minutes to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say that as I
understand the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Woodward,] he admits that it is compe-
tent for the Congress of the United States to
declare what shall constitute a quorum of the
court, and to overset totally the rule of the
common law that a majority may decide ; while
on the other hand I understand the ingenious
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Hubbard] to
insist that the Congress of the U nited States and
theGovernmentofthe United States have alwuys
recognized in this behalf the rule of the common
law, that a majority of the court only is required
to decide. Now, 1 beg leave to say to the gentle-
man from Connecticut that the act of 1789 set
Aide absolutely that common-law rule that a
majority must decide, and allowed in the ab-
sence of two of the judges three out of six
judges to decide every question that cams
before it from 1789 to 1837, a period of forty-
eight years, running through more than half
the life of the Republic. To attempt, there-
fore, to creep in under the declaration that
the Legislature of the country has always rec-
ognized the common law principle that a ma-
jority of the judges holds the judicial power
of this nation will answer no better service
to-day than did the poor fig-leaf covering that
was resorted to in the garden. [Great laugh-
ter.] Then, sir, when a quorum of the judges
present from 1789 to 1837 decided every ques-
tion the whole thing is* surrendered by admit-
ting that it was lawful for Washington and the
Congress of that day to fix the quorum at four,
the court being composed of six judges. If
they could fix it at four, pray, tell me, why
they could not fix it at five? Will somebody
now be good enough to answer me? And if
they had fixed it at five and required four to
decide, wherein frould that have differed from
the principle which they established when they
fixed it at six, and in disregard of the common
law, therefore, provided that two thirds must
decide if the judges were all present, and only
one half of all the judges if two of the court
nhoant?
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask bim one question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Very cheerfully.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish the gentleman
would inform us what this discussion about
