3918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
the Associated Press—who have to-day, I see,
reported my advocacy of the joint resolution,
which was all I was entitled to, but who have
omitted to report what I read as to the pre-
vious opinions and declarations of the Senator
from Kentucky and the Senator from Mary-
land and the Senator from Illinois—if is is not
too much trouble to them, to put what they
said, or the substance of it, into their report,
because, as the report goes out to the country
in the evening papers, the Senator from Ken-
tucky is represented as contending that Con-
gress has not any power or jurisdiction what-
ever over this question. I would beg of the
Associated Press, as a favor to the country,
and for the cause of history, to put in the
■opinion of the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky delivered three years ago, in which he
most clearly demonstrated that this was one
of the subjects over which Congress had juris-
diction, and upon which they ought to act.
That having been settled in 1865, and in this
very form that the resolution 1 have introduced
settles it, naming the States, and declaring
what should be the rule as it respects those
States, I thought it was altogether wiser upon
u question of this kind that we should take
that as the settled and proper form, and merely
reenact it by declaring that the state of things
which then existed still continued until those
communities should have restored themselves
according to the plan laid down by Congress.
Mr. DAVIS. With the honorable Senator's
permission, as he has referred to the argument
contained in the remarks which I made in
1865, I beg to say that he is mistaken. I did
not admit the power of Congress to decide
whether a State had the right to cast electoral
votes or not. What I admitted was that Con-
gress might regulate the simple matter of com-
puting the electoral votes. If I recollect what
I did say, and if I recollect what the honorable
Senator read this morning from that debate,
this was the extent of my position.
Mr. EDMUNDS. To that I have only to
reply by asking the reporters of the Associated
Press to report exactly what the Globe shows
that the Senator from Kentucky did say, which
I read this morning, and the country then will
indge what his two positions are as distin-
guished between 1865 and 1868.
Mr. DAVIS. I am sorry that the honorable
Senator gives himself any trouble about what
the reporters of the Associated Press report of
his remarks.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not.
Mr. DAVIS. I nevergive myself any trouble
about or any attention to what they report me
as saying. I would as soon they should report
one thing of me as another, because I care not
what they do report, and I should hope the
honorable Senator was as indifferent as 1 am in
relation to that matter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have found no fault
with the Associated Press as to reporting me.
They have always done me entire justice by
condensing what I have to say into a very nar-
row compass indeed. What I was saying was
that inasmuch as my honorable friend from
Kentucky is known over the whole country as
a public man and as a jurist, I hoped they
would do the country the benefit of reporting
what he did declare in 1805 as well as what he
declared to-day. That is all.
Mr. DAVIS. I am obliged to the honorable
Senator for bis courtesy, and I hope he will
extend it a little further by reading himself
all that I said on the subject
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have done so with the
greatest satisfaction and instruction. Now, to
come back to the precise point that is pending:
when you have studied the debates of 1865
and the form in which they were finally crys-
talized into a statute, we find that our pre-
decessors at that time thought the wise and
safe way was to say exactly what we did mean
as it respected the very States of which we
spoke, and it therefore declared that those
States, naming them, there having been votes
sent here from two of them, were not legally
entitled to be represented, using in the main,
so far as the prohibitory branch of it is con-
cerned, the very language which is contained in
the joint resolution now reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary, and which was
copied from that joint resolution. Thatresolu-
tion had a preamble which recited "that the
inhabitants and local authorities of the States
of Virginia, North Carolina," and so on, recit-
ing them, "rebelled against the Government
of the United States, and were in such con-
dition on the 8th day of November, 1864, that
no valid election for electors of President and
Viee President of the United States, according
to the Constitution and laws thereof, was held
therein on said day and therefore Congress
proceeded to resolve that "the States men-
tioned in the preamble" were "not entitled to
representation in the Electoral College " at that
election. That was the declaration. Now,
this joint resolution stands precisely upon that
position, which was then agreed to with the
concurrence of all parties, and merely declares,
naming those same States, that they shall not
now be entitled to representation unless they
shall have organized themselves into a new
political community, and shall have thereafter
once more been restored into the brotherhood
of States. It is a logical, necessary conse-
quence of that legislation. Now, on a question
which is represented by the Senator from
Illinois and several others to be a delicate
question, is it notwiser to take a settled form,
and follow it in substance and in form, which
has been agreed to by gentlemen of all parties,
than it is to resort to any new rule? I think
it is ; and it was so thinking, and after having
tried almost all the experiments that my friend
from Missouri and my friend from New York
have, that I came to the conclusion that it was
wisest to follow what our predecessors had
settled upon.
One very serious objection to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Missouri,
until he has now modified it in the light of
later events, (which shows how unsafe it is to
pass upon an amendment in a hurry.) was that
as he proposed it it declared that " no State
heretofore in insurrection" should be entitled
to representation, &c. That leaves open the
very question that we are trying to foreclose,
because our honored friends on the other side
maintain that no State as a State ever has been
in insurrection or rebellion. That is the very
dogma upon which they hang all'their hopes.
But my friend from Missouri has now modi-
fied it, so that as to that particular objection
the difficulty is removed, and his amendment
now provides that " no State whose inhabit-
ants were by the President's proclamation of
August 16, 1861, declared to be in a state of
insurrection shall be entitled," and then copies
at quite a little distance the language of the
original joint resolution. I do not now remem-
ber whether all these States were named in the
proclamation of 1801. I presume the Senator
from Missouri has looked to that.
Mr. DRAKE. Every one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That proclamation, as I
remember it, was partial as to several States,
omitting several districts in some of the States,
and naming the others altogether. Of course
in a running debate in the Senate we can-
not tell precisely how such a provision will
apply. But still if Senators think it is better,
instead of naming, as the joint resolution of
1865 did, by name the very States that we
meant to operate upon, and in respectto which
as a matter of precaution there is a necessity
for action, to pass a general formula, be it so.
Action is called for, not necessarily on account
of the violence that has been talked of, but
beeause according to the distinct announce-
ment of the Democratic press and of the Dem-
ocratic leaders it is fairly to be presumed that
there is an intention to have a vote cast for
electors there by white men, as they call them,
not necessarily by overturning the other gov-
ernments, hut quietly, and on the ground that
by the jaws of 1860, still in force as they say,
the white men are entitled to do that—to have
a quiet election and send on a set of votes from
the white men alone, when another set will
come from the reorganized governments. It
is, therefore, necessary to declare by law which
of these two ostensible representations from
such a State is to be received.
Then there is another provision in this amend-
ment that these States shall not be entitled to
hold this election, and so on, until the States
" shall have been readmitted to representation
in Congress." It is a somewhat equivocal
phrase. One gentleman would say "that
meant 'until they had become entitled to rep-
resentation,' " and so far I should agree to it.
Another would say, my honorable friend from
Pennsylvania with his keenness and clearness
would say "that meant 'until their Senators
and members had been actually admitted,' "
that they could not hold an election although
they might have become entitled to be admit-
ted, and therefore next February, when the
votes come to be counted, if the State of Ala-
bama or North Carolina should happen to have
voted in a direction that he should consider to
be the wrong one or the unconstitutional one,
and their Senators and Representatives had
not before the 8d of November actually taken
their seats, he would say their votes under this
provision were not to be counted. That may
or may not be a correct construction. It is
somewhat equivocal. It will bear either inter-
pretation, whereas the object of this law is to
provide against any such open question being
raised and to determine by a rule which does
not admit of any misinterpretation, no matter
how ingenious may be the person who would
wish to misinterpet it, what shall be done in
that contingency.
Now, Mr. President, saying this, and only
saying it in the interest of getting that which
shall state what we propose in the clearest and
most specific way, having the sanction of all
parties for its form adopted in 1865, I feel
obliged to oppose this amendment of my friend
from Missouri. Otherwise I have no objection
to his amendment or to that of my friend from
New York. What they desire I desire.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. I notice one feature of the
original joint resolution to which I desire to
call the attention of the Senate. Simply that
if the Senate choose to put this matter upon
that basis, it will do so with a full knowledge
of the exact position of things. The original
resolution does not make the admission of the
electoral vote of any of these States dependent
upon the readmission of the Representatives and
Senators of these States to their seats in Con-
gress, but upon the fact that the people of
such State and before the day of choosing the
electors have adopted a constitution under
which a State government shall have been or-
ganized and shall be in operation. Therefore,
Mr. President, we are to leave the matter, if
the original resolution is adopted, at loose ends
so far as determining the question whether
these States are again admitted to representa-
tion in Congress. If I am wrong in this mat-
ter the honorable Senator from Vermont will
correct me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will correct my friend.
What the resolution reported from the com-
mittee provides is—that is the substance and
effect ot it—that when these States, Alabama
and North Carolina, and those that we have
now provided may bo admitted and yet whose
Senators and Representatives have not come,
shall, under our law which authorizes them to
come have complied with it and become enti-
tled to have their Senators and Representa-
tives in this Capitol, then they shall be enti-
tled to cast their votes for President, and to
have them counted. That is the proportion
which the bill contains; and it is not indis-
pensable to their voting that their Senators and
Representatives should actually have been
received, because according to ordinaryexpect-
