1870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareti 141
which was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing:
Resolved, That the number and title of every bill
and joint resolution introduced in this House shall
be inserted in the report of proceedings in the Con-
gressional Globe.
And then, on motion of Mr. ELDRIDGE,
(at five o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.,) the
Hoase adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BLAIR: A memorial of officers of
the Northern Central Michigan Railroad Com-
pany, asking an amendment of the act of July
3, 1866, in relation to the grant of lands for a
railroad from Amboy by Hillsdale and Lansing
to some point on or near Traverse bay, in the
State of Michigan.
Also, a memorial to the same effect from
citizens of Hillsdale county, Michigan.
Also, a memorial of a large number of citi-
zens and tax-payers of Eaton county, Michi-
gan, requesting a reduction of the expenses of
Government, and that the taxes be correspond-
ingly reduced.
By Mr. CHURCHILL : A memorial of L.
A. Eddy and others, citizens of Madison
county, New York, against changing the pres-
ent-system of national bank note currency.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut: A
memorial of sundry citizens of the first con-
gressional district of Connecticut, remonstrat-
ing against taxing cigars by a separate stamp
on each cigar.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of cigar-
makers, relating to the tax on cigars.
By Mr. MORRELL: The petition of 56 citi-
zens of Tell township, Huntingdon county,
Pennsylvania, praying Congress to establish a
mail route from Waterloo, Juniata county, to
Shade Valley, Huntingdon county, Pennsyl-
vania, and the establishment of a post office
at Shade Valley Mills.
By Mr. PAINE: A memorial from the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of Mil-
waukee, Wisconsin, for an additional grant of
public lands to aid in building a ship-canal
from Sturgeon bay to Lake Michigan.
By Mr. NICHOLSON: A memorial of the
city council of Wilmington, Delaware, for the
improvement of Christiana river.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 14, 1868,
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. By the order of the House
business to-day is to be confined solely to de-
bate as in Committee of the Whole. The gentle-
man from Maine, Mr. Perham, who is entitled
to the floor, is confined to his house by sickness,
and asks unanimous consent that he may be
recognized as entitled to the floor on some fu-
ture Saturday. Is there objection 1 The Chair
hears none.
message prom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. W. J.
McDoxald, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 150) to
provide for the payment of D. B. Allen & Co.,
for services in carrying the United States mails,
in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
purchase of alaska.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, there has been
some little debate already upon the question
of the treaty made between the United States
and the emperor of all the Russias with refer-
ence to the territory callad Alaska. The
principal portion of that debate has been
against the.action of the President and Senate
ol the United States. One member of the
House, however, the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Spalding,] in speaking on the question,
dwelt more upon one point as to the power of
the President and Senate of the United States
to make and complete a treaty, especially
where there is an appropriation of money neces-
sary in order to its completion. Th#fee or four
gentlemen have spoken who have made two
points—that one and theother against the util-
ity or benefit to this country of making such a
purchase.
Mr. Speaker, if it were a question to be set-
tled alone between the House of Representa-
tives and the President and Senate of the Uni-
ted States I might coincide with those gentle-
men who have taken such a strong position
against the action of the President and Senate
in this particular case. But I want the House
to bear in mind that the Hon f Representa-
tives is not one party to this question, and the
Senate of the United States and the President
of the United States together the other party
to this question. It is a question between the
Government of the United States, as a Govern-
ment and as a nation, and the emperor of all
the Russias—a Government in Europe. It is a
question between two Governments—ours and
a foreign Government. It is one that cannot
be settled here among ourselves between the
branches of this Government. But the two
that I have named are the parties to this
contract in the treaty. And, sir, whatever
action the House of Representatives may take
upon this question—especially, sir, if it be to
refuse an appropriation of $7,200,000—we will
find that difficulty will arise thereafter and
one in which the Government of Russia will
call us to an account as a nation for a violation
of an agreement that has been made with that
Government. That is the difficulty we will
find on our hands after we have taken action
on this subject against an appropriation.
I have said that if it were a question to be
settled between the House of Representatives
and the President and Senate I might coincide
with those members of this House who have
thus argued upon this question, that it was a
duty to consult this House in reference to such
matters where large appropriations were asked
to be made. But I say it is beyond the power,
beyond our reach to settle this question, be-
cause it is one that must be settled upon for-
eign waters, if need be, and in a foreign country.
It is not necessary for me to refer the older
members of this House to a case between the
Government of the United States and the Gov-
ernment of France which transpired during
the administration of Andrew Jackson. It
was then ascertained by treaty that as a matter
of indemnity to citizens of the United States
the Government of Prance owed the citizens
of this country the sum of $25,000,000. That
was ascertained and settled by treaty. What
did the legislative department of that Govern-
ment do? Year after year it refused to make
the appropriation necessary to pay the $25,000, -
000 ascertained by treaty.
What was the result? The question could
not be settled between the legislative depart-
ment of Prance and the king of France, be-
cause the Government of the United States
was an interested party, and, when it had for-
borne sufficiently long, said to the French
Government: "You must pay the money or
we will take means to make you pay it." And
Andrew Jackson gave the" Government of
France to understand that unless that money
was paid according to treaty stipulations there
would be means used by which they should be
compelled to pay it; and he advised Congress
to pass a Jaw by which we could make reprisals
and spoliations upon the commerce of France
unless France did settle the demand. The
measure had the desired effect; the legislative
department of France did its proper work,
which was to make the appropriation, for it
had no other course to pursue.
Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to see this coun-
try placed in a false position, as, iu my judg-
ment, it would be by refusing to make the
appropriation which is to carry out the stipu-
lations of this treaty. By refusing in this case"
we will be placed in a position where we shall
have difficulty with a foreign Government.
That is one of the reasons why I am in favor
of making this appropriation. I want no com-
plications with a foreign Government upon a
question of this character, especially when it
is so fair upon its face and so reasonable and
so just, at least, on the part of Russia.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I apprehend that
the gentleman from California [Mr.HtGBT] is
not entirely justified in drawing a parallel be-
tween the case under the present so-called
treaty with Russia and the matter of the claims
of the citizens of the United States upon the
French Government to which he has referred.
In the former case there was a treaty; it had
been made by every department of the French
Government; it had been fully recognized in
all its various aspects. The French Govern-
ment had recognized their obligations to our
citizens.
Now in this case, those of us who believe that
the House of Representatives have the right to
act upon this matter in its discretion ■with ref-
erence to the appropriations of public money,
contend that this treaty is not yet complete ;
that it is not yet the supreme law of the laud,
which deprives the House of Representatives of
of its right to judge of the propriety and policy
of making an appropriation of the public money
for any purpose.
Mr. HIGBY. I will say to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] that he misap-
plies what I said. I am not speaking of this
being a parallel case, although it is a treaty. I
am drawing this parallel, that we cannot, as a
House of Representatives, settle this question
with the President and the Senate, and make
such settlement a finality; because there is a
foreign Power which has its claim upon this
Government, and with that foreign Power we
must settle. We cannot address o'ur argument
to the President of the United States and to
the Senate of the United States ; we must ad-
dress it to the emperor of all the Russias.
And let me say still further, that I must cor-
rect the gentleman when he says that all the
departments of the French Government acqui-
esced in this treaty ; because the legislative de-
partment was not called upon to acquiesce in
the treaty at all, for it was not a part of the
treaty-making power of France.
But when payment of the $25,000,000 was
demanded, in accordance with the terms of the
treaty by our Government, then the legislative
department of the French Government refused
to make the appropriation. But when it was
found that Andrew Jackson was firm upon this
question in insisting that the Government of
France should live up to treaty stipulations,
and that if the money were not paid according
to those treaty stipulations a power would be
exerted which would bring that Government
to terms, it was then that the legislative de-
partment of that Government did acquiesce
and did appropriate the money.
I have said that if this were a question that
could be settled between the House of Repre-
sentatives on the one side and the President
and the Senate on the other I would go as far
as any other member of this House to assert
its power as to this question of appropriating
money. But since we cannot settle with them,
I say it is of no use for us to address our argu-
ment to them : we must address our argument
to the Government of Russia, and to that
Power alone.
Mr. MAYNAltD. Will the gentleman from
California yield to me for one moment?
Mr. HIGBY. I can yield for a question
only. If I were sure that additional time
would be allowed me I would not restrict the
gentleman. But as I do not understand that
I shall have more than my hour I will yield
only for a question.
Mr. MAYNARD. What I desire to submit
to the gentleman is this: whether under our
Constitution (which the Emperor of Russia is
