2894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
move to further amend this section by insert-
ing before the word "penalties" the words
"penal taxes or," in the clause which now
reads "and to add thereto the amount of
penal taxes or penalties imposed by law in
cases of such neglect or refusal."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. I move to further amend
this section by adding to it the following:
Provided, That the party aggrieved shall have the
right of appeal from such decision to the district
court of the United States, and it shall be the duty
of said court to put the case so appealed in proper
form in older to liavo the disputed tacts tried by
juiy, subject to writ of error, as in other cases: And
provided further, That the appellantshall enter into
recognizance before the clerk of such court or a
judge thereof in a sum sutlicient to cover all costs in
case of being unsuccessful upon the trial.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to apoint of order.
The CHAillMAN. The gentleman will
state his point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. My point of order is that
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Miller] proposes to regulate
the manner of collecting the tax, &e., while
the section under consideration refers to noth-
ing in the world except to the form of money
in which the returns shall be made.
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules tlieamendmentof the
gentleman from Pennsylvania out of order.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to further amend
this section by striking out the words, "and
to add thereto the amount of penal taxes or
penalties imposed by law in cases of such neg-
lect or refusal." 1 consider it to be no part
of the duty of the assessor to add to the assess-
ment of taxes any amount of penalties that
the party assessed may have incurred by rea-
son of not fullillmg the requirements of the law
preliminary to the assessment of the tax.
This is a grave question, and I believe this
is the first place in this bill where this ques-
tion arises, it arises also in section thirty,
and in some of the intermediate and the sub-
sequent sections. This clause in fact gives
power to assessors to tryand convict parties
against whom any neglect is alleged, to impose
upon them penalties, to determine the amount
of the penalty, and also to provide the means
of collecting it by adding it to the amount of
tax they may assess against the parties. That
is then given over to the collector, who will
use the power with which he is clothed by this
act to collect that penalty for the Govern-
ment. I believe this is the first instance in
the history of this Government, or in the his-
tory of any State government, in which judicial
powers have been given to a collector of
taxes.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to say that in ray own State it has for a
long time been the law that when a return is
not made within a specified time it shall be the
duty of the proper officer to add a certain
amount of additional tax.
Mr. JENCKES. That is, a certain per-
centage ; and if this were such a provision I
would make no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD. That is precisely what
we propose here.
Mr. JENCKES. No, sir ; in this case the
rate or amount is not fixed. If it were a per-
centage upon the tax it would be analogous
to the penalties imposed in various Slates.
But these are penalties for violtfting the pro-
visions of the act or for non-conformity to its
requirements; and before such a penalty can
be imposed upon any citizen of the United
States lie must be tried, convicted, and sen-
tenced by a court of competent jurisdiction in
some proceeding known to the Constitution
and laws of the United States.
The provision of this bill is entirely different
from the provisions of State law to which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has
relerred. I am as familiar, I think, with those
statutes as the gentleman from Ohio. In all
those cases there is a percentage to be added
or a fixed sum to be paid for failure to make
return or for non-payment by a given day.
But in no case do those statutes propose to inflict
without a trial and conviction a penalty for an
act in regard to which the party is entitled to
the judgment of a court and jury. Every one
of the penalties laid here is such as requires a
trial and conviction before it can be imposed,
such a trial and conviction as are provided for
in section fifty-six of this bill. I would have
no objection to a provision that if the fine be
not paid in a court of competent jurisdiction,
it shall be added to the assessment. But all
our penal statutes provide a much more strin-
gent remedy for the collection of penalties than
placing them in the tax levy aud authorizing
them to be collected upon the collector's war-
rant. All such penalties must be collected by
the marshal under a warrant from the court.
The party must either pay them or suffer
imprisonment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I wish
there were no such thing as adding on a penalty
and collecting it, because the other day, having
omitted to pay a tax within the time allowed,
I was obliged to pay a percentage, a heavy
penalty, and costs in addition. I will try not
to overlook such a matter again.
As to the provision of this bill, let me turn
the gentleman to a precedent in the laws of
the United Stales. I hold in my hand the
internal revenue law as now in force, and upon
this point the language adopted and repealed
in two successive enactments is this:
"And in ease of neglect or refusal so to declare to
the satisfaction of the assistant assessor receiving
such returns or lists, such assistant assessor is hereby
required to make i eturns or lists for such persons so
neglecting or refusing, as in cases of persons neglect-
ing or refusing to make the returns or lists requiied
by the act aforesaid, and to assess the tax thereon,
and to add thereto the amount (if penalty imposed
by law in case of such neglect or refusal."
Mr. JENCKES. That is all proper enough,
and if these penalties were fixed—if they were
not left discretionary 
Mr. SCIIENCK. They are all fixed. There
are two classes of cases running through the
law. One is what may be called a penalty by
a percentage, as for instance adding twenty or
thirty per cent, to the tax. The other is a
specific penalty, a fixed amount. The only
change we have made in the lavv is that instead
of having only the word "penalty," we have
inserted " penal taxes or penalties."
Mr. JENCKES. Confine it to penal taxes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I prefer to retain what is
in the present law, adding the words " penal
taxes." It will then cover both cases.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to strike out the
word "penalty" and insert "penal taxes."
The CHAIRMAN. "Penal taxes" are
already in the bill.
Mr. JENCKES. Then I move to strike out
the word " penalty."
Mr. MILLER. It seems to me that it must
be conceded by every lawyer m the House that
a penalty of that kind cannot be enforced
under the Constitution without atrial in court.
Here it is proposed to do it without a jury,
without a court, without a trial. It proposes
to give the assessor extraordinary power. I
say that we should not give to any assessor
such a vast power of imposing penalties. It
is against the Constitution. Gentlemen say
that it is in the present law. I do not c^are if it
is. It is an arbitrary power. It is one of the
greatest outrages perpetrated upon the people.
There is no trial before a court, no trial before
a jury. The penalty is to be imposed without
an}' remedy.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is simply the law
as it now stands upon the statute-book. Has
anybody been ineonvenicnced by it? Has the
gentleman heard of anybody who has been
inconvenienced by it ? Has he brought in any
bill to repeal it?
Mr. MILLER. I know of an assessor in
my district who imposed upon a man five times
what he ought to have done, and he would not
give him a hearing.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is not the provision
of this law. We do not give him any such
power. The law fixes the matter. We do
not give him any such discretion.
Mr. MILLER. The assessor fixed the pen-
alty without giving (he man a hearing.
Mr. MAYNARD. This refers to when a
man does not make a return of his taxes on a
particular dav.
Mr. JENCliES. Is there any existing law
which allows an assessor to fix the amount
according to his discretion?
Mr. MAYNARD. This does not allow it.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has expired.
Mr. PETERS. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the special order, being the bill
(H. It. No. 1000) to reduce into one act and
to amend the laws relating to internal taxes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
enrolled bill.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill (S. No
S20) for the relief of George Lynch, a soldier
of the war of 1812; when the Speaker signed
the same.
RIGHTS OF ADOPTED CITIZEN'S.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting a report
from the Secretary of State, in relation, to the
trial of American citizens in Great Britain and
Ireland for the last two years; which, oa mo-
tion of Mr. Judd, was ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio; aud leave of absence
till Monday next to Mr. Ali.isox.
SALE OF OSAGE INDIAN LANDS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask unan-
imous consent to offer a preamble and resolu-
tion. Before the resolution is read I desire to
state that I have this day received a letter
which I present to the House, and which reads
as follows: "
Lawkence, Kansas, June 2, 136S.
Sir : A treaty has just been forced fro.ii the Osage
Indians, whereby they sell to the Leavenwoi tii, Law-
rence, and Galveston Railroad Company (a very
feeble concernjall their diminished reserve and trust
lands, embracing eight mtliion acres, tor Si,6QO,OOU,
payable iu thirty-two semi-annual installments.
Three eighths thereof is the finest land in Kansas,
while the remainder is inexhaustibly rich in mineral
wealth. The intention ot the conspirators now is to
rush their treaty (,so called) through the [Senate has-
tily upon the false assumption that utiles.-, t lie Usages
are at once removed bloody collisions with tile wtiites
will ensue. This treaty was dratted *   *
some time since at Washington. The settlers
and those who shall desire to obtain cheap homes lor
many years to come can rely only on you and such
of your associates as are opposed to the u^ui pations
of monopolies for relief. ApprecianngC your pre-
vious efforts in this dneetion, 1 now wute you in
behalf of ail poor men who shall desire idieap aomes
for many years to come, and iu their name lequest
of you to institute an inquiry as to the means
wherebyso iniquitous a treaty was obtained,and way
actual settlers cannot bi the terms then ol have said
eight million acres ol land instead ot a monopoly
engrossing the same at twenty cents per aeie.
I am, sir, reaped!utly, yotn obedient servant,
HUNllY 0. WHITNEY.
Hon. "William Lawkexck, Waihinatna, I). C.
I have already given my views upon the
treaty-making power, and of the light assumed
to sell the public iauds under its authority. 1
will not now repeat my arguments denung the
constitutional validity of sales made under
treaties. The particular ground upon which
this treaty wdi be vindicated perhaps may be
that it will aid a railroad enterprise. For one
I will do all that properly may be done to aid
railroads. But whatever is to be done should
be done in pursuance of an act of Congress.
The President and Senate cannot, under
