1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S019
ation we shall propably have adjourned before
the Senators and Representatives from all
those States will have been received here, as
a mere matter of time. Suppose we should ;
I do not know that we shall; but take it for
granted that we may; my proposition is that
having adopted the fourteenth article of amend-
ment, having got their governments in opera-
tion under this act of admission which has
passed, as the Senate knows, and having taken
every step pursuant to our law to put them-
selves upon their original restored footing,
they may be entitled to vote on the first Tues-
day of November, and let their Senators and
Representatives come here and be sworn in,
if they are not before, on the first Monday of
December, to which we shall adjourn when
■we do adjourn; and that I thiuk is right.
They ought not to be deprived of their vote
for whomever they may cast it, because we do
not interfere with that; nobody wishes to
interfere with it. They are perfectly at lib-
erty to vote the Democratic ticket if they think
they can cafry the platform and candidates ;
nobody objects to that; but they ought to be
permitted, when they have complied with all
that Congress requires, and their Senators and
Representatives have become fully entitled to
be admitted, to then cast their vote for Pres-
ident, although it may be three or four weeks
afterward before those Senators and Repre-
sentatives actually come in.
Now, I understand my friend's construction
of his amendment to be the one I supposed
might be put upon it, and he would require
that they should actually have come here and
been sworn in and admitted to their seats. I
think that is going too far.
Mr. DRAKE. I think that I can state the
whole proposition in much fewer words than
those employed by my friend from Vermont.
Mr. EDIIQNDS. I do not doubt that.
Mr. DRAKE. It is simply this: whether
the Senate will agree to letting the electoral
vote be counted in those States which have
not been declared by Congress to be entitled
to representation here by th<? admission of
their Senators and Representatives, or whether
they shall go on and elect upon their assump-
tion that they are entitled to be readmitted.
There is the whole thing. The question is, in
other words, whether we shall take their elect-
oral vote before we have ourselves recog-
nized practically their right to readmission, or
whether we shall wait until after that practical
recognition has taken place.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will permit
me to say that as to five States, North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Alabama, Georgia, and
Louisiana, who have not yet their Represent-
atives here, by a bill we have passed they be
now readmitted and entitled to representation
as soon as they adopt the fourteenth article of
amendment; and as to one of them, Georgia,
there isanother little condition about notenfore-
ing a particular article of her constitution, and
that the Legislature is to vote upon it. No
matter for that. Then we have declared as to
these five States that their constitutions are
satisfactory to us, that their people are justly
entitled to be remitted to self-government now.
If we should happen to adjourn before their
Senators and Representatives get here, after
they have adopted the fourteenth article, I can
see no ground of justice on which they should
be precluded from voting for President. If the
Senate do, very well.
Mr. DRAKE. Then the matter stands in
this way: we have declared that they may be
admitted upon the happening of a certain con-
tingency, may be admitted upon their doing
certain things ; and now the proposition is to
give them the right to send in an electoral vote
here before we ourselves have declared that the
conditions of admission have been complied
with. I merely wish the Senate shall see
sharply and distinctly the point of_ difference
between the two propositions, and if it is the
desire of the Senate to take the original instead
of my amendment, certainly with all cheerful-
ness I will abide their judgment.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I like the
amendment of my friend from Missouri best in
one respect, and yet I think there is a great
deal of force in the last argument I have heard
from the Senator from Vermont. Is au amend-
ment to the amendment in order?
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is amendable.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I beg to submit a
slight amendment to the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri to strike out in the sixth
line the words "been readmitted," and insert
in lieu thereof the words "become entitled."
I do not like that part of the committee's res-
olution which recites the States. I preferthat
they should not be recited. I like the style of
the amendment best.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Missouri if he has referred
to the proclamation mentioned in his amend-
ment, and is quite certain that it enumerates
the States that were in rebellion. I do not
wish to make any mistake on that subject-
Mr. DRAKE. I did so, and had the book
here. I will have it again.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I prefer the phraseology
employed by the Senator from Missouri in his
amendment, if it be true that that proclama-
tion does refer to the eleven States that were at
one time in rebellion against the Government.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Ore-
gon will listen a moment, I will read him a
clause from the proclamation:
"Now, therefore, I, Abraham Lincoln. President
of the United States, in pursuance of an act of Con-
gress, approved July 13,1861. do hereby declare that
the inhabitants of the said States ofr Georgia, South
Carolina, Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee, Ala-
bama, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, Mississippi, and
Florida, (exccpt the inhabitants of that part of the
State of Virginia lyin? west of the Alleghany moun-
tains, and of such other parts of that State and the
other States hereinbefore named as may maintain a
loyal adhesion to the Union and the Constitution, or
may be, from time to time, occupied and controlled
by forces of the United States engaged in the disper-
sion of &aid insurgents,) are in a state of insurrection
against the United States."
Mr. DRAKE. That is it.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, that is it; but the
Senator from Missouri will observe that the
proclamation contains exceptions. One excep-
tion is the whole of what is now West Vir-
ginia, and then there are exceptions of parts
of other States which are not in insurrection,
and those parts of States which are occupied
by the troops of the United States. It pre-
sents a very complicated question.
Mr. DRAKE. When the proclamation ex-
pressly declares that the inhabitants of those
States were then in insurrection, with some
slight and inconsiderable exceptions, I should
hardly think there could be any question as to
the States referred to in the language of my
amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. lam not altogether pleased
with the phraseology of the joint resolution re-
ported by the Senator from Vermont, but at
the same time, since the reading of that proc-
lamation, I can see that a door will be leftopen
there for controversy, and it is desirable, if we
legislate upon this subject at all, to make Our
legislation clear, certain, and definite, so that
it can be understood, and so as, if possible, to
avoid any future controversy on the subject.
I suppose that the object of this joint resolu-
tion is simply to provide that so many of the
States which were in rebellion as are not enti-
tled to representation in Congress when this
session of Congress adjourns shall not be
allowed to cast electoral votes for President
and Vice President. That is the purpose of
the joint resolution. I should prefer to have
phraseology employed 'less diffuse and more
pointed than that contained in this original joint
resolution. I suppose that it will be necessary
for somebody or tribunal to decide this ques-
tion as to whether or not these several States
have complied with the reconstruction acts of
Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Oregon if he has any
doubt as to whether Arkansas and Floridahave
complied.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have none whatever.
, Mr. TRUMBULL. Then why should we
pass a resolution declaring "if they comply."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think that there is ob-
jection to including those States; but there is
a suggestion which perhaps would have some
force upon the idea proposed by the Senator from
Illinois, and that is, that it is not only necessary
under this resolution that these States should
be_ entitled to representation in Congress, but
it is necessary that electors should be elected
under the government that is recognized by
Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
again of the Senator from Oregon if he has any
expectation that anybody is to be elected in
Arkansas or Florida under any other govern-
ment, or would give color or countenance to
such an idea for a moment by passing a reso-
lution to provide against it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I must confess that I have
not much expectation that any such election
will be held in those States ; but it is impossi-
ble to foresee what may happen, and from what
has been put forth to the country by very high
authority it is possible that revolutionary pro-
ceedings may be organized there for the pur-
pose of carrying the presidential election. It
is possible, although I acknowledge it is not
very probable in my opinion, that the white
men of those States may undertake to hold a
presidential election under the provisional gov-
ernments that were set up there by the Presi-
dent, and repudiate the governments that were
organized under the reconstruction acts of Con-
gress because they allow suffrage to the black
men. 1 am very sure that proclamations have
been made by men very prominent in the party
opposed to the reconstruction policy of Con-
gress that some means were to be devised to
overthrow and destroy these State governments
that were set up under the reconstruction acts
of Congress. Whether that attempt will be
made at the presidential election, or whether
those persons may suppose it most expedient
to wait and see if their candidate is not elected,
is more than I can determine. But if we are
to have any legislation at all on this subject it
is desirable that it should be as explicit and as
unambiguous as possible.
I was about to say that these questions as to
whether or not these States have complied
with the reconstruction acts of Congress, as to
whether or not their electors were chosen
under the governments that have been recog-
nized by Congress, must be questions to be
decided, I suppose, by Congress when it pro-
ceeds to count the electoral votes, for there
must be some tribunal or some body some-
where to decide these questions in case a con-
troversy should arise; and although I am not
so fully impressed with the necessity of this
legislation as some other Senators, because it
seems to me that the power is in Congress at
that time to pass upon all these questions, yet
it is perhaps advisable to have some legislation
on the subject, and I would prefer to have this
joint resolution so constructed as to refer
exclusively to those States that are not entitled
to representation in Congress when this ses-
sion adjourns. That is the way the resolution
ought to read, and that is what it ought to
mean, and, not provide that certain States
whose Senators and Representatives are now
in Congress, shall not, in a certain contin-
gency, be entitled to representation in the
Electoral College. I have no time to suggest
an amendment, but that would suit my views
better than any of the propositions that have
been submitted. I concur with the Senator
from Vermont that whenever a State is en-
titled to representation in Congress it should
be entitled to have its electoral votes counted
for President and Vice President; and if we
should adjourn in a week or two before Sena-
tors and Representatives from some of those
States are able to take their seats in Congress,
I do not think that therefore those States
should be denied the right to have their votes
counted for President of the United States.'
Mr. DRAKE. I have concluded to accept
