1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2897
he held office under the rebel government.
Now 1 produce it.
Jn the first place I mention that he became
district judge for South Carolina, succeeding
the traitor, A. G. Magratb, in the autumn of
1864. It may be said that that was merely a
civil function ; but he was at the same time in
the discharge of other duties which connected
him more intimately with the rebel govern-
ment; and for what I am now about to state
I give an authority which will not be ques-
tioned, it being an original copy of the tri-
weekly Mercury of Charleston, South Carolina.
I hold it in my hand, sir. You see it; but a
half sheet, yellow, dingy paper, dated Charles-
ton, South Carolina, Tuesday, December 13,
1804, and with the name of " ti. B. Rhett, jr."
at the top of its editorial column as the editor.
In this paper I find an official document which
is thus entitled :
"Schedule of prices established by the board of
commissioners of the State of South Carolina under
the act of Congress of the confederate States to' reg-
uiate impressments'"—
And this is signed:
" B. F. PERRY,
" ALFK1SI) AI. MARTIN,
" Commissioner a."
And it is dated " Columbia, South Carolina,
October 20, 1864." Therefore by this official
paper it appears that B. F. Perry was a com-
missioner to regulate impressments for the rebel
States. In the document which I have before
me he furnishes a schedule of prices for differ-
ent articles in the nature of supplies which
were needed for the rebel army, and at the end
of this long list, occupying nearly a column, he
proceeds as follows:
"No doubt there are some who may think these
prices too low, but they must remember that all
must make great and trying sacriiices for their coun-
try while engaged in this great and destructive rev-
olution. Honor, patriotism, and vself-interest require
it; our existence as a people demands it. If we Jail
in our death struggle all is lost—property, independ-
ence, liberty, honor, and life itself. .Every one
should, therefore, be willing to sustain the govern-
ment by any sacrifice of property which may be
demanded. Thoy who are at home must consider
that the soldier who is in the army is sacrificing his
whole labor, the interest of his family, his coinioris,
and his life, while they are enjoying all their coiu-
lorttf with their families, and are only required to
sell {.be surplus of their crops at low prices. This is
a vei f small sacrifice when compared with that which
the soldier is required to make. If the proper spirit
shall continue to pervade the southern States, sub-
jugation is impossible to a people scattered over a
country thousands of miles in extent; but if that
spirit is wanting at home.our ruin is inevitable, not-
withstanding the gallantry and sacrifices of the
army."
That is signed "B. F. Perry, Commis-
sioner." Now, wouldyou believeit, sir, within
•a little more than six months from the date of
this document we find this same B. P. Perry
commissioned by the President of the United
States as provisional governor of South Caro-
lina, in defiance of an act of Congress sol-
emnly declaring that no person shall hold
any office under the Government of the United
States who has been engaged in the service of
the rebellion. For that act of the President
at the time I thought he ought to have been
impeached. I think the Senate then would
have done a proper duty if, taking notice of
the act, it had solemnly charged the House of
Representatives to take the necessary steps to
bring the criminal to the bar. It was not done.
There was a failure at that time of justice;
hut this act cannot be forgotten in the history
of reconstruction, nor in the history of those
transactions by which the President of the
United States has thwarted the beneficent
measures of Congress.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I will
ask the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
if he has any evidence to show whether Gov-
ernor Perry was or was not opposed to seces-
sion before the war began. What was his
position on that point?
Mr. SUMNER. I regard that matter of
Supreme indifference.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Well, Mr. President,
I think it a very different thing whether he was
. originally one who hurried the State into seces-
sion or one who may have yielded after the
40th Gong. 2d Sess.—No. 182.
military power of the secessionists was estab-
lished, as both moral law and the civil law
make a very great difference on the ground of
a man's treason, whether ho acted himself
originally in bringing about the treason or when
a military force was once organized that com-
pelled him upon pain of suffering death to
engage in rebellion, he acquiesced.
• ^r* ^>res^en^'  ^ have not since the discus-
sion of yesterday looked iulo this question, but
1 state to the houorable Senator that I will do
so. It may be that he is correct in his view in
relation to the course pursued by Governor
Perry alter the war commenced.
Mr. SUMNER. Here is the document.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Bat I am quite sure,
from the information I have received, that
Governor Perry was one of those who before
secession was opposed to the doctrine of seces-
sion, and resisted it.
Mr. SUiVNEIi. So was Stephens.
^ Mr. DOOLITTLE. So was Alexander II.
Stephens, certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. None the less a traitor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, there is
another thing to be said also, I will say to the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts. It
doesnotfollowbecause AlexanderH. Stephens
and others in the southern States after this
rebellion was commenced and military power
was so organized that they were compelled to
acquiesce submitted to it, that they or even
that other gentlemen in the South who believed
in the doctrine of secession, and who, believing
that they had the right to secede, entered upon
this rebellion against the Government of the
United States, are therefore lost to all sense
of truth, so that if called as witnesses to the
stand or called upon to make a statement of
facts transpiring within their knowledge no
credit is to be given to their statements. 1 ask
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts if
he would distrust the statement made by Alex-
ander H. Stephens of what occurs within his
own observation ? And, notwithstanding these
gentlemen engaged in tiie rebellion, many of
them believing they had a right, others believing
that, after their States had gone into rebellion,
they were compelled to acyuiesce, does he
believe from what he knows of them that they
would voluntarily come forward and state false-
hoods as to matters within their own observa-
tion Y The bare fact that a man engaged m the
rebellion by no means so demoralizes him that
he may not be regarded as a competent witness
to testify to facts within his own observation.
I think itis true—and that, indeed, accounts for
the tremendous straggle which the people of
the South made against us—(hat three fourths
at least of the people of the South who engaged
in the rebellion believed in llie right of the
States to secede, and wei'e sincere in the belief
which they entertained, that they had a right to
withdraw themselves from thejurisdictionofthis
Government and set up a jurisdiction of tin ir
own. Why, sir, that doctrine was advocated by
men who are now leaders of the Republican
party. I may refer, for instance, to Mr. Greeley,
the editor of the New York Tribune. Did he
not for weeks and weeks during the last session
of Mr. Buchanan's administration in 1860, in
that great newspaper which leads the public
opinion of the North, defend the right of these
States to withdraw from the Union if a majority
of their people believed that they had a right
to withdraw? Indeed he did. 1 suppose that
he was sincere in the professions that he made,
just as there were hundreds of thousands in the
South perfectly sincere. In the convention of
Georgia which passed the ordinance of seces-
sion KobertTcwmbs carried the convention for
secession against the appeals of Alexander H.
Stephens against secession, reading to the con-
vention the language of the New York Tribune
and flourishing it in his hands.
Sir, the fact that men have entertained cer-
tain opinions upon this great question as to the
right of a State to withdraw from the Union,
and have fought for those opinions because
they believed in those opinions, (for it was on
account of their belief in them that they fought
so long and so fiercely in the struggle to main-
tain themselves against the Government of the
United States,) doesnotprove that they cannot
tell the truth, lhere is no other way in which
to account for the tremendous struggle they
made but that the mass of that people were
taught to believe and did believe that they were
right in the struggle. But for that they never
could have held out as they did hold oat against
the Government of the United States. I know
they were wrong in the assertion they made;
but a man may be as sincere sometimes in
believing au error as he is in believing a truth,
and from his sincerity .he makes the struggle.
If a man sincerely believed that his State had
a right to secede, by acting upon that belief he
did not become so demoralized that you could
not call upon him as a witness to state any facts
that transpired within his own knowledge.
Therefore, sir, 1 protest, even if it be true that
Governor Furry alter this rebellion began took
part with the confederates, that fact, if it be a
fact, docs not discredit him so that his state-
ment of facts within his own knowledge is not
to be relied upon.
Now, Mr. President, a single word more and
I have done. I did not intend to go into this
discussion this morning. My honorable friend
from Nevada, [Mr. Stkwaut,] with a good deal
of earnestness, condemned the doctrine for
which I contended yesterday. Perhaps I may
bo pardoned, Mr. President, if I do not as
readily advance in my opinions as my honor-
able friend from Nevada. lie in 1806 certainly
held to the same doctrine which 1 am contend-
ing for here now. My honorable friend shakes
his head ; therefore, Sir. President, it may be
necessary for me to appeal to the record. Let
us see. Jt is well enough to remember a little
what we say on these questions as they come
along in the progress of events. In reply to
the honorable Senator who now occupies the
chair, [Mr. Wadio,] the honorable Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Stkwakt) said in January, X8t>(>:
"Tho Senator from Ohio assumes that it is neces-
sary for tlio security of the country that the ris'lit of
suH'rage should bo granted to the negro; that, thu
Government. cannot, bo earned on without iL That
is an assumption that is hardly warranted," * *
" " " 1 contend tliat His not necessary to call in
the aid of tho black man to the government of this
country. 1 do not protend to say that ho shall not
at some future time have tho right of suffrage under
restrictions, lint when he shall receive it, it will bo
for his benefit, not ours. I believe tho Anglo-Saxon
race can govern this'country. X believe it bccauso
it has governed it. I believe it because it is the only
race that has ever founded such institutions as ours.
I beliovo it because we liavo a peculiar situation,
peculiar education, peculiar qualifications which aro
not common to other sections of othei laces of the
world, i beliove tho white man can govern it with-
out the aid of the negro; and I do not helievo that it
is necessary lor tho white man that tho negro should
voto."
And again:
" I believe that if we were tu reduco tho southern
Plates to a territorial condition, and hold them in
that condition for the space of five years, it would
not only destroy our form of government, but deprive
us of our own liberties. X believe wo can have the
Union. I believe wo can have it soon. Wo have got
to trust somebody. I say We have got to trust the
white people of the South. We cannot organize a
government solely upon tho negro population. There
are seven million white people in the South. The
time for exterminating them has passed.
" They are in the country. Wo did not extermin-
ate them during the war. They are thero, and are
to remain there. If they arc to be our onemies, and
we attempt to hold them as vassals, it will necessi-
tate the maintaining of a large military force that
will endanger our own liberties. Not only that, but
it will place in the hands of tbo Executive powers
that will crush Congress and the liberties of the peo-
ple; and not only that, but it will continue to engen-
der among the people of the South additional hatred,
and they will only wait the time when a toreign
Power shall help them to i ebel again."
These were very sound views expressed by
my honorable friend from Nevada but a very
short time ago, and he must pardon ine if I
have not advanced quite as rapidly as he. I
believe what he then said was true; and my
honorable friend from Massachusetts also stood
on the same platform. He was then arguing
the question of suffrage at the South, that it
should be a voluntary thing and be left to the
white people themselves to extend it to the
negroes when they should be ready for it, with
proper qualifications. He was utterly opposed
