1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1873
fowl, and of herbage, fruits, and berries, by which
the crowded life of these regions is sustained.
The waters and sea also abound in fish and ma-
rine animals, and constitute the basis of the most
-extensive fisheries^ in the world. Not having the
severe and destructive winters of the North Atlantic,
the whole of this coast of Russian America, even to
Kotzelrie's sound, will sustain a vast fleet of fishing
vessels, and4 these vessels can obtain stores and re-
cruit in the immediate vicinity of the fishing grounds
instead of being driven southward to winter. They
can be built also at Sitka or on any of the islands of
the vicinity, timber of the best quality being abun-
dant everywhere.
It will be observed by the comparisons attached
to the table of the quantity of snow that generally
falls it is less than in Now York and New iDngland.
During the period of observation several months of
the winter are found to have no fall of snow recorded,
while rain was frequent and the temperature much
above the freezing point.
I also have here the original memoranda of
a lecture delivered by Professor Davidson in
the city of San Francisco, before the Academy
of Natural Sciences of California, a few months
since. Professor Davidson passed several
months ia the Territory of Alaska, where he
went, with the representatives of this Govern-
ment, at the time the transfer of the Territory
was made. The memoranda are as follows:
"After describing the geographical features of the
•country visited by the Coast Survey party under his
-charge, the marks of glacial action, volcanoes, &c.,
he discussed the influence of the great current of
warm water which crosses the Pacific ocean from the
coasts of Formosa (in latitude 22°, longitude 238° west)
and the easternmost point of Japan and strikes upon
the coast of North America south of Sitka. It is
this great, warm river of the ocean which gave the
mild climate to Alaska, as the Atlantic Gulf stream
oiadeOreat Britain and Norway inhabitable.
" This great, warmstream leaves the coast of Japan
about latitude 35°, and passes eastward to the lati-
tude of 48° and longitude 148°, whero one branch
turns sharply toward Sitka, and the greater volume
of wator passes southward along the coast of Queen
Charlotte and Vancouver islands and the coasts of
Washington, Oregon, and California.
Tho warm stratum of air above this vast mass of
warm water is necessarily laden with aqueous vapor,
jand coming in contact with the colder air from the
continent a condensation of vapor and precipitation
of rain is the consequence. This humidity of the
climate sustains tho immense growth of timber with
which the whole country along the sea-board abounds.
Tho largest trees climb the steepest mountain sides
to elevations of two thousand five hundred to three
thousand feet. Tho Sitka spruce was o*ut and
measured four foot diameter and one hundred and
■eighty feet long, and others determined to be two
hundred and fifty feet high and six feet diameter.
The yellow cedar (cupressus sitchensis) was found sis
feet diameter and estimated one hundred and fifty
feet high; it oommences about latitude 54° 34' and
extends throughout tho archipelago from 54°40/to
59° 15'—how much farther north was not examined.
This is the best wood on the coast for ship-building
and cabinet work. The lecturer had specimens of
this wood from a wrecked vessel of the ltussian
American Company. Tho vessel had been built
thirty-two years and lying a wreck for six years, yet
the timbcis and kelson were as sound as tho day
when tho vessel was built, and the iron and copper
bolts were unoxydized and the wood around them
well preserved. Under ground its preservative qual-
ities aro equally remarkable, as was illustrated by
timber at Fort Simpson that had been under ground
twenty years, and taken out as sound as the day it
was cut.
As the lecturer was familiar with the woods of
Oregon, Washington Territory, and California, from
■eleven years' duty there, and had been brought up in
ship-building district, ho was competent to pass an
opinion on the subject.
Other woods were named, but theso noted as tho
best.
When it is known that theshore Iineof tho islands,
bays, inlets, and straits of the archipelago amount to
seven thousand eight hundred and sixty statute
miles tho inexhaustible supply of this part only of
tho territory may be readily comprehended. For
comparison the lecturer stated that the shore lino of
Washington Territory, from Columbia river to tho
northern boundary, including Washington sound.
Admiralty inlet, Puget's sound, and Hood's canal,
amounted to only two thousand and twenty-eight
statuto miles.
Temperature and rainfall, &e., of Sitka, from fourteen
years' observation at the Imperial Observatory at New
Archangel.
Temperature Fahrenheit*
March 35°.5) iio<i
April 41o#2V-.«..«4A
May 47°.2
 5i°.3 IV" 1 15.4
Summer. Summer.
Rain in inches. Total.
' :iil 
ti i ( Spring.
June 47°.2)
July 51°.7
August 55°.3 )
Sept'r 51°.2)
October ....4i°.2>
Nov 37°.1J
Decembcr.31°.7)
January ...SI0.! >
February,.32°,9;
 44°.2
Autumn,
  31°. 9
Winter.
 30.8
Autumn.
  22°.9
Winter.
83.1 for year.
*About tho monthly average of Pennsylvania,
40-th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 118.
Yearly mean 42°.9 or 3° warmer than the middle
of Norway or six inches less than Astoria at the
mouth of Columbia river.
Greatest rainfall, ninety-six inches'in 1850; least,
fifty-eight and six tenths inches, in 1861. Greatest in
one month, twenty-one and three tenths, August,
1867; least, six and a half, in November, 1853.
In the same month of August, 1867, the records of
the Smithsonian Institution show that eighteen
inches fell in eastern Pennsylvania!
The yearly average of days upon which rain, snow,
and hail fell, or on which fog prevailed, for fourteen
years, was two hundred and forty-five.
It is to bo noted that tho above results are from
observations mado hourly throughout the year.
Harbor of Sitka never freezes, and ice is unfit for
the San Francisco market, which derives its supply
fromiCodiak, in latitude 57° 47', or 15° north of Boston.
At Kodiak, some years, thermometer never runs
below zero. Lisiansky says that in 1805 the ther-
mometer did not fall below 38° until December 24,
when it reached 26°. Tho coldest day that year was
January 22, when tho thermometer was zero.
Ice from fifteen to twenty-four inches each year.
Coldest temperatures noted are by tho ice company's
agents within tho last fifteen years, when the ther-
mometer has reached 18° below zero, but the men
worked without extra clothing, as the air was per-
fectly calm. Tho ice is not thicker than that about
Boston, although nine hundred geographical miles
further north I
Climate of OunalasJca from nine years' observation of
Bishop Benjaminoff,
Temperature Fahrenheit.
March../. 29°.9)
April S3°.4 >   Spring 33°,9
May 41°.3J
June 46°.2)
July 50°. 6 > Summer 49°,6
August 51°.9|
September 43°.71
October 36°.7 V Fall 37°.6
November .32°.4 )
December 29°.0i w. *AO ^
30 4
37°.8 for tho year, or 5°.l below that
of Sitka.
Tho highest temperature recorded is 77°.0, and the
lowest only 0°.6 below zero, but only upon ten occa-
sions was it recorded less than 10° above zoro.
He says it rains theroonly one hundred and fifty
days each year and about twonty-seven inches, but
tho lecturer seemed to doubt this latter quantity, as
it was not really observed as tho other phenomena
had been.
Whale fisheries were discussed and their import-
ancoshown by the fact that seventy Amorican whalers
yearly fished on this coast against ten English and
French. At present the principal fishing ground is
in tho region of ISchring's straits on account of tho
shallowness of the Behring sea and Arctic ocean,
which have only thirty fathoms of water. On tho
groat Fairweather ground, betweon Sitka and tho
entranco to Cook's inlet, in C0°, the greater depth of
water enabled tho whale to "sound" without touch-
ing bottom, and to come up far away and in uncer-
tain directions from tho boat; but in the shoaler
water ho invariably struck bottom, eamo up straight
from the point struck with his head enveloped in a
inud coat, and was easily taken. But the "Fair-
weather ground" is so covered with whale when the
"whale feed" covers thoso waters in June and July
that the old navigators frequently mistook the spout-
ing of the hundreds around them for the surf break-
ing upon sunken rocks. (See Dixon, Mcares, l'ort-
lock, ike.)
The lccturcr said the great value of the territory
consisted in tho immense banks of cod, the woods,
tho furs, and tho deposits of coal, of which they had
found and brought away specimens. This coal was
found close to navigablo waters, and by analysis
proved superior to any bituminous on tho Pacific;
tho exact locality of the vein or veins was "not found
on aceountof the lateness of tho season, &e., but tho
geologist and minim,' enginoer of the company re-
ported that all the accompanying geological condi-
tions existed for the existence of good coal. The
specimens wore found for a distance of between fivo
and seven miles.
I am awaro that it is very easy to appeal to
the imagination for facts. It is very easy to
talk against a proposition when there is but
little or no information about it. That is much
easier than it is to speak in its favor.
I was surprised at the speech of the member
from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] upon this
subject, delivered in this House a few weeks
since, a gentleman of his noted ability and
reputation, and particularly the character
which he tried to give to this section of our
continent that has lately become ours ; and not
only that, but he also has attempted to give a
character, which I do not consent to the cor-
rectness of, to the sea over which early naviga-
tors went to reach that coast, and the storms
and the perils which they encountered before
they arrived at their points of destination.
Now, sir, if we were to rely upon the remarks
which he made we might suppose there was
not so turbulent an ocean on the face of this
earth as the Pacific ocean. And yet it is just
as common a thing to see in the harbor of San
Francisco vessels from Sitka, and those, too,
of small tonnage, as it is to see vessels from
Mexican ports lower down the coast. And
we do not look upon it as any very wonderful
thing that they have traversed the ocean which
Cook traversed, and where lie had encountered
so many perils.
If what the gentleman said is to be credited,
we who have lived upon the Pacific coast, who
have heard its surges beating upon the western
borders of this continent for nearly twenty
years, will be very much astonished to Teceive
such enlightenment. It is- true the Pacific
ocean has its storms; its navigators have en-
countered perils there.
But how is it with the ocean on this side of
the continent? Take your lines of commerce
from this continent to Europe; if you could
search the bottom of the ocean'you Would see
its whole length strown with the wrecks of
vessels and wealth. It is but a few years since
that a steamer freighted with nearly five hun-
dred precious lives, on its way from Panama
to New York, founded in mid-ocean, without
striking upon any rock or reef, and became the
coffin of nearly all its passengers. We have
never had any such perils there as the Atlantic-
ocean has witnessed, no matter how many
Cooks and other navigators have traversed it.
It is a slander to attempt to say that the
ocean along the coast there is a perilous ocean
in comparison with other oceans, for it is not
true.
Why, sir, in 1865, the steamer Brother Jon-
athan, with two hundred passengers, struck
upon a rock in sight of land upon the Pacific
and went down, all but eighteen of the passen-
gers being lost. But that was not on account
of the storm, but because tho navigators of the
steamer were not well versed in the sunken
rocks along the coast. Being a loaded vessel,
she struck with such violence as to let her mast
go down through the bottom, and within twenty
minntes she sunk. I have already referred to
the Central America, that went down in mid-
ocean with such a freight of precious life here
upon the Atlantic. No such case has been
known upon the Pacific ocean; and the easo
I cited of the Brother Jonathan was not a
parallel.
Now, sir, we are told that in Alaska there is
nothing buticebergs ; that the country is unin-
habitable. Yet civilized men have lived thero
for years and years. Gentlemen here may ask
why Eussia has not turned that country to bet-
ter account. Why, where is St. Petersburg,
the capital of that empire ? Thousands of
miles away, and she has a wilderness country
yet unsettled between her capital and Alaska
thousands of miles in extent. Waters must bo
crossed before it can be reached from Russia.
Hence Alaska is comparatively useless to Rus-
sia. But it can be made useful to us, as it is
far more accessible. We are told that the
region is inhospitable. Yet all accounts go to
show that we have there at least fifty thousand
square miles of territory, which, I venture to
say, is as good as the country from. 45° north-
ward, if not from 40° northward, on the Atlan-
tic side. I do not wish any of my New Eng-
land friends to take umbrage at what I say;
but I venture the assertion that tho climate of
Alaska, till you get up to 59° or 60°, is as good
a climate—taking one month with another,
taking its mean temperature—as that of the
country fromNewYork to the farthest extrem-
ity of Maine. I venture tho assertion that there
has been no such weather in Alaska as thero
has been from the city of New York northward
duringthis last winter. There is, undoubtedly,
in that region, a vast amount of snow. Why,
sir, in the month of September, I have, from
Victoria, in British Columbia, seen the moun-
tains of Washington Territory at an elevation
of four or five thousand feet covercd with vast
piles of snow with abright glistening sun shining
upon them. But at the foot of those moun-
tains the fields were verdant and fruitful with
every kind of product useful to man. So, sir,
through my own State, I can pointyou to mount-
