1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3921
this hour, and the existing state of things is a
pure nullity. They propose, some of them,
to overturn these existing organizations. That
I do not believe they will have the courage to
attempt. Others propose to vote peaceably
and quietly what they call the white man's
ticket, claiming that the laws of 1860 are still
in force, which authorize the citizens of those
States, the persons entitled to vote, to meet
together on the lirst Tuesday in November
and cast their votes for electors.
We believe all that to be a farce, a sham, as
it would be if they went through with it; but
suppose it should happen that two sets of votes
were sent up from these States, one from the
regular and legal organization that exists there
now and the other from the white men, as they
call themselves, acting under the laws of 1860.
It would be an easy question to deeide, to be
sure ; but suppose the votes of those two sets,
whichever were received, determined the elec-
tion of General Grant or of Mr. Seymour;
what then? The Democrats have given \is
notice—I could occupy the whole evening in
reading extracts I have from them which come
right up to that point—through all their press
North and South that in that event their votes
shall be counted or there shall be tumult and
disorder.
Mr. WILSON. That is the way theyexpect
to win.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know it is so. I do
not anticipate that they will come to any such
scratch as that. These same Democrats,
through their leaders in this Senate three
years, declared that it was the subject of legis-
lative provision to make laws in advance for
just such a case, and that they ought not to
be made in any other way. Serious complaint
was made against the legislation of 1865 be-
cause the legislation was enacted after the
votes had been taken in November, operating
in the nature of an edict rather than in the
nature of a law prescribing a future rule of
action.
I do not want to take the time of the Senate
in reading, as I can, if any Senator wauls it.
to show the state of public opinion and the
threat that is held out in these papers, the
evidence that I hold in my hands ; and it has
cropped out even after the remarkable speeeh
of the Senator from Illinois the other day, in
a leading article of the National Intelligencer,
quoting thatspeeeh with approbation, and going
on further and declaring that this whole thing
was a nullity, and was to be disregarded.
Now, Mr. President, when as it is remarked
it is merely a matter of formality, at the worst
to leave in these names, I say it is not the part
of wisdom to run any risk of leaving a question
open; not that it is a real question as we under-
stand it, but the Senators on the other side
maintain that it is. I say, therefore, it is not
wise to leave out these names.
The Senator from Illinois has told us that
we are anticipating trouble ; he told us so the
other day; that we are alarmists, and that we
are now in such condition that we can fold up
our arms and believe all is peace. I should
have more confidence in the opiuiou of my
distinguished friend from Illinois upon these
points if I had not reposed myself upon those
opinions before during the past winter. We
had the same opinion from my honorable friend
about Alabama, that we ought not to change
the regulation requiring a full majority, because
it was all going right as it was, and people
would say that we had begun to tinker again
with the reconstruction laws, and all that. We
reposed, as generally we well may, upon his
judgment; but it turned^out to be wrong, and
it led us into serious difficulty.
There was another case in which the faith of
my honorable friend in the safety of everything
touching our legislation was put to a severer
test respecting certain transactions in the _Su-
preme Court of the United States, which it is
only necessary to allude to ; they are in the
mind of everybody, My honorable friend was
mistaken,'I think he will confess, again in that
40th Cono. 21) Sess.—No. 246.
sense of repose and security that he trusted in
almost too long.
I do not speak of these things as criticising
the judgment of my friend from Illinois. He
will not understand me so. I only remind him
of them in all respect and good will to show
that it is wiser to take what may seem to be an
unnecessary step as a matter ofpreeaution when
you are threatened, than it is to wait until the
evil is upon you and then have a tumult. But
I do not wish to trespass upon the time of the
Senate. They will understand why I think it
is that the names of these States should be left
in the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the idea
of firing a bill or a joint resolution at every
newspaper that threatens an overthrow of the
acts of Congress, when no Senator represent-
ing any State in the Union makes such a
threat, it seems to me is rather preposterous.
Mr. EDMUNDS. All the Democratic mem-
bers of the House did it in a written protest.
Mr. SHERMAN. No member of the Sen-
ate has made any such declaration. I have
listened to the argument, and no member of
the Senate denies that, the States represented
in this body must conduct the counting of the
electoral votes, and that the organization pro-
vided under the reconstruction acts must pro-
vide the mode and manner of conducting the
election. The Senators are here, and this Sen-
ate is the very body that is to act on the ques-
tion. Now, because the National Intelligencer
or some other newspaper threatens a great
many things to be done, I do not think we
ought to he moved from tie even tenor of our
way. We had in Ohio a great many threats
that they were going to march a hundred
thousand Democrats into Canada on one occa-
sion mid get a candidate for Governor, and
bring him over and instal him as Governor of
the State of Ohio. The people of Ohio were
not troubled much about them. It seems to
me idle to legislate in view of such things. 1
mn willing, and I think it is proper, to provide
for the contingency of some of these States
not having a legal State government when the
next election comes off, and when clearly they
would not have the right to vote. Therefore,
so far as the main feature of this bill is con-
cerned I am willing to vote for it; but to pro-
vide for a double election in States that are
i-epresentcd in Congress now in as full and
complete a manner as the State of Ohio or
the State of New York, it seems to me is pre-
posterous, and is a confession of weakness
that I am not willing to make.
But 1 am perfectly indifferent about it. I
do not wish to take time at this late period of
the session, but I trust the Senate will, for its
own sake, strike out of this bill the names of
the States which are represented by Senators
on this floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate has been
engaged in what seems to be rather a profitless
debate for a day or two upon a joint resolution
which was thrust, as I conceive, very incon-
siderately upon us; and it has been spoken
of as the report of the Judiciary Committee.
The Judiciary Committee did authorize the
Senator from Vermont to bring in this joint
resolution. I objected to it in the committee,
and those who authorized the report to be
made gave notice at the time that they should
not be bound by the joint resolution as le-
ported by the Senator from Vermont, but the
Senator from Vermont, in his haste and anx-
iety to bring the thing before the Senate, suc-
ceeded in getting permission to bring his res-
olution here; and we have lost probably a
couple of days in the discussion of it because it
wa.s brought here without having been consid-
ered and agreed upon by any considerable
number of the members of the Senate before
it came here; and you see after it gets here
that the members of the committee that au-
thorized it to be reported are not satisfied with
it. I am sorry that it was brought in in that
way.
Sir, the Senator from Vermont has thought
proper to speak of my having been mistaken in
views that 1 have entertained. Why, Mr. Pres-
ident, [ never set myself up to be infallible.
I have been mistaken often. The Senator
from Vermont is wiser, and very seldom makes
mistakes, though I thiuk that his resolution
has occupied the Senate here unnecessarily for
a day or two, and I very much fear that it may
lead us into trouble hereafter. All that I wou Id
do, if I could have my way about it, would
be simply to wait until we see the Carolines
and Georgia and Alabama and Louisiana, as
well as Arkansas and Florida, ratify the con-
stitutional amendment, and send their repre-
sentatives here; and if they do so, then recon-
struction as to all of those States will be com-
plete ; and I would no more have passed such
a resolution about them than 1 would in refer-
ence to my own State, as to whether they should
vote or not; and when you falter in 3 our work
in the face of some newspaper article in which
somebody says that your reconstruction mea-
sures are good for nothing, you encourage
opposition. We shall never have an end of
this matter if we are going on to provide
against two elections. The idea, to my mind,
is preposterous of a double election in Ark-
ansas. There is uo organized government in
Arkansas exceptthatrepresented here. There
is 110 other Legislatue in Arkansas except
that represented here; there is no other gov-
ernment there; there is nobody in authority
there or pretending to be in authority or exer-
cising authority in that State exeepttlie organ-
ization represented in the Congress of the
United States. Now, sir, here is a resolution
reciting what? Reciting that no electoral votes
shall be received or counted from the Stateof
Arkansas "unless at the time prescribed by
law for the choice of electors," the people of
Arkansas, " pursuant to the acts of Congress
in that behalf, shall have, since the 4th day of
March, 1867, adopted a constitution of State
government under which a State government
shall have been organized." We have said
that tliey have done that already.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose you read the
Mr. TRUMBULL, We have already said
that they have done what is here required, and
now you repeat it over again. It is a thing
accomplished and ended. I will read the
rest:
"And shall be in operation, and unless such election
of electors sliall have been held under the authority
of such constitution and government, and such State
shall havcalso become entitled to representation m
Congress pursuant to the acts of Congress in that
behalf."
Are they not entitled? Why do you say
"unless they are entitled." You have voted
that they are entitled? Congress has done it.
They are represented; and you want it to be
reiterated and represented over.
Sir, it is the very way to get up a dual elec-
tion. It is the very thing that lias caused
debate. It is fraught with mischief. It will
cause debate when you come to count the votes
next February for two days, very likely, again,
and confusion and disorder, and I know not
but civil war.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How can that happen if
there is only one set of votes cast?
Mr. TRUMBULL. By a resolution that
invites them to cast two sets of votes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But you say there will be
only one set east.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There would be but
one ; but wlien you pass a resolution in regard
to two, that you will only count the one, it
shows that you anticipate and put it into the
I minds of those people to have two elections.
I You are reciting over in this resolution '"mi-
; less" certain things are done, which you have
i said are done.
| The Senator from Vermont has repeated
! over and over again that we enumerated the
States four years aero. We did enumerate
; them; but how? We said that whereas the
j States of Virginia, North and South Caro-
I lina, &C., were in rebellion, no electoral votes
