1874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
ains covered with snow in July, August, Sep-
tember, and October ; yet at the foot of those
mountains are fields rich with every product,
and orchards and vines laden with the fruits
of the tropics as well as of the temperate zone.
Sir, we can point you to snows upon the moun-
tains to the depth of five, ten, fifteen, and
twenty feet; yet in the valleys where the cities
are no snow is seen except in extraordinary
years. It is elevation that makes climate there,
not latitude.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. As the
gentleman from California has alluded to me,
I will ask him to yield for a moment. lie has
misunderstood to some extent what I said in
regard to the character of the winds of the Pa-
cific. My remarks applied particularly to that
portion of the Pacific adjacent to the Russian
purchase. I am well aware that the Pacific
ocean, in the vicinity of San Francisco is what
its name imports, a pacific sea; but, sir, I be-
lieve the most authentic information will sat-
isfy this House that such is not the case in the
more northern latitudes.
I hold in my hand Executive Document No.
177 of this session of Congress, which has been
printed within the last day or two. It contains
the report of Captain William A. Howard, of
the revenue service, who was sent to that coast
in July last by the Treasury Department to
make investigations. I think if gentlemen will
read lliat report they will be satisfied that I
said nothing in regard to the character of that
sea which is not borne out by it.
One word more. I have seen nothing since
I made the remarks which I did early in the
present session to change my mind. The mass
of facts contained in this volume which I hold
in my hand, and which I have glanced at very
hastily, in no way changes that opinion.
Now, sir, there has been a good deal of ma-
chinery put in operation to affect the opera-
tion of this House in reference to this matter.
In November last, two days before Congress
met—
Mr. HIGBY. I cannot yield for a speech
to bo interjected into mine. If the gentleman
says I have not represented him correctly I
will submit to a correction, but I cannot allow
him to reply to what I have not said.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin. Very
well; I will endeavor to get the opportunity
after the gentleman has finished his speech.
Mr. 1I1GBY. There has been a great deal
said about St. Thomas and some other sections
as being subject to earthquakes and hurricanes.
Once in thirty or forty years, or oftcncr it is
said that hurricanes and earthquakes desolate
the West India islands. I do not know anything
about it. But as regards the Pacific coast I
know that they have had snow in Sacramento
during the past winter, a thing that has not
occurred since the settlement of that country
twenty years ago. There have been storms on
the coast this winter such as have not been
known lor years. But, sir, who has known
such a winter here in Washington as we have
had this season? The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Washburn] has been here in
former years as a member of Congress. Can
he tell us whether in his experience there has
ever been such a winter as the past one'?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I can,
most certainly. The first winter I was here
was more severe than the past winter, as gen-
tlemen who were with me can testify.
Mr. HIGBY. Well, sir, this is the worst I
have seen, and I was not aware that any one
had witnessed a more severe one. Certainly,
we have not had a worse one on the coast of
California, nor has there been a worse one on
the coast of Alaska. And I tell gentlemen
that the sea is navigable in the winter, that
ships go and come just as they do in other
waters on our coast. The southern limit is
64° 4<y. We have a long stretch of territory
that does not reach up to 60°, extending more
than a thousand miles. A strip of Alaska
thirty miles in width, four hundred miles in
length, along the coast, shuts out the British
possessions from the ocean, with coast islands,
the whole extent about seventy-five miles in
width; and for this whole extent of coast
British Columbia has no access to the ocean
except across this portion of Alaska.
'' Fifty-four forty " is the southern point, and
it is assumed that the region must be extremely
cold and barren. Why, sir, London, the seat
of one of the greatest empires of the earth, is
in latitude 52° north, and nearly all the island
lies north of London, and yet we hear of no
terrible frosts there. " Oh," gentlemen will
say, "butthere are warm ocean currents that
affect the temperature." So there are warm
ocean currents sweeping along the coast of
Alaska, and that is how they account for its
being so warm in comparison with the same
latitudes on the Atlantic side.
St. Petersburg, the great city of the Russian
empire, is in latitude 511°. Stockholm, the city
of Charles XII, whose martial tread made
Europe tremble, is in latitude 58°. Two
thirds of Sweden lies north of 60° ; nine tenths
of the Russian empire is north of 50° ; and yet
the coast of the Pacific north of 54° 40' is
claimed to be frozen and barren. Gentlemen
attempt to measure the temperature of the Pa-
cific by the Atlantic coast. I tell them that
there is 15° of latitude difference between the
two coasts as regards temperature ; 40° north
latitude on the Atlantic is the same in mean
temperature, if not colder, than 55° on the Pa-
cific shore. So, sir, it is with Europe and Asia;
there is a vast difference between the western
coast of Europe and the eastern coast of Asia,
and gentlemen must take these things into con-
sideration.
Speaking, sir, of the storms upon that coast,
the gentleman from Wisconsin will find, if he
will read that letter which I received from a
gentleman in Boston, that during the time they
were on that coast they saw no such desolation
and there were no such storms. He was there
at least three years, a better test than any that
can be found in the report to which he refers.
It may be said that that is not a proper index,
and I admit that you must take a term of years.
Neither are the storms that have swept along
that coast during this past year a proper index
by which to judge.
Sir, this is a country that is full of mineral
wealth. Its cod fisheries are superior to any
that the Government of the United States
has anywhere. Its fisheries alone are worth
the money that Russia asks for the whole ter-
ritory. Its timbers are superior. A piece of
timber has been brought from Sitka that was
in a vessel built some thirty-seven years ago
which is as sound to-day as it was the day that
it was put into the vessel.
Let me say further to the members of this
House that the hardy men who come herefrom
northern Europe will many of them be very
likely to seek a climate something like the cli-
mate they have left. The hardy Norwegians,
Swedes, and Russians who become citizens will
in years to come seek this country, and it will
be populated with as hardy and enterprising a
people as we shall have in the Union.
Mr. Speaker, I am not one of those who are
ready to carp at every movement that is made
of this character. I believe that it is policy
and statemanship to accept the offer that Rus-
sia has made. There is an important territory
between Washington Territory and Alaska,
and that is the British possessions. We need
that. We want no skulking place on that
coast for piratical craft, such as we had a few
years ago, when the Shenandoah sought the
harbor of Victoria. I remember well how
sensitive we all were upon the Pacific coast;
although we felt that our harbor was well de-
fended, yet we could not drive from our minds
the thought what power there was in a well-
armed vessel driving over the ocean, seeking
out and destroying our defenseless merchant-
men. She did get among our whaling fleet
in the north, and did great injury and damage
by burning and destroying vessels. We want
no such skulking-place upon that coast. Let
us have Alaska, and we shall soon, by the
power of cohesion, have the British possessions
that intervene, and then we shall have one
continuous coast from the southern portion of
California to the extreme northern point.
Sir, policy and statesmanship demand that we
complete this treaty by appropriating this
money, and that we have no question with this
great Power of Europe, that has on all occa-
sions been friendly to the American Govern-
ment.
Mr. Speaker, I trust that whatever spleen we
may possess with reference to the action of the
President and the Senate we will not weaken
our own cause by fighting the appropriation
among ourselves to win nothing in the end. It
would be very severe upon us if we should find
that we are driven to make this appropriation
by a Power that will call upon this Govern-
ment to settle its just demands, and will call
upon it in such a way that we must bend in our
course, and pursue one entirely different.
I hope that on an early day we shall hear
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
that they will be able to furnish, if need be,
more information to the members of this
House, if they shall desire it, and that this
House will justify at once the generous confi-
dence which the Russian Government has man-
ifested by a surrender of this territory by meet-
ing the payment which the President and the
Senate have agreed to pay.
Mr. BROMWELL obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN,_ of Wisconsin. Will the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bkomwell] yield
to me for a few moments?
Mr. BROMWELL. How long a time does
the gentleman want?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Ten
minutes, I think, will enable me to say all I
desire.
Mr. BROMWELL, I ■will yield that time
to the gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. As the
gentleman from California [Mr. Higby] has
alluded to me, I beg leave to make a very few
observations. He claims that I have misrep-
resented the character of the Pacific ocean. I
think he misunderstood entirely the scope of
the remarks I made when I addressed the
House some time since on this subject. As I
stated a moment since, my remarks were in-
tended to apply entirely to that portion of the
Pacific coast adjacent to the Russian posses-
sions.
I hold in my hand Executive Document No.
177, published at this session of Congress. It
contains a vast mass of information which has
been placed upon our desks by the Secretary
of State. It contains a report of Captain Wil-
liam A. Howard, of the revenue service, who
was sent to that coast in July last. I call the
attention of gentlemen to that report, for ifc
fully bears out every observation which I made
in regard to the character of that part of the
Pacific ocean and in regard to the storms pre-
vailing there. It is filled with accounts of the
terrible weather that prevailed during the whole
time he was there. I will read his account of
one storm while he was on that coast:
*'Having coaled the Lincoln with all the dispatch
theboisterous and rainy weather would permit, sup-
plying the custom-house with everything possible to
put it in working order, I paid niy respects to the late
Russian and present authorities, ofteiing to take dis-
patcher, &c. Paying all bills agamfct the ship, I got
undcrweigh at three and a half p. in., in a heavy rain,
blowing a gale fiom the southeast, falling barom-
eter, (29°:) determined to auchor in Port Lincoln,
not considering Sitka safe should it blow a heavy gale
as appearances indicated. At live p. m. came to in
Port Lincoln with single anchor, the gale increasing
and roaring overhead like a train of lailroad eara
running with great speed; at this time hardly a
breath blew across the ship's deck. At daylight the
wind suddenly shifted in a terrific squall and struck
the ship broadside on, heeling her thieescrakes, ^what
no canvas had done;) bei'oie she bwung head to it
she broke adrift, but on letting go a second anchor
she brought up head to the wind, and during the day
the gale was very heavy, but the ship lay perfectly
easy, without any sea or feeling of wind, the harbor
being so perfectly protected—thus demonstrating the
perfect safety of Port Lincoln. The gieat disasters
at Sitka, and the narrow escape of the Ossipee from
foundering, show its violence, as well as the unfit-
ness of Sitka (Xew Archangel) for a poit of entry.
Hadthe Lincoln remained that night she eould not
liavo escaped destruction; sho wouid have been
driven on shore had her anchor held, (which I con-
