1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. At
any rate whether they have got eighty-seven
thousand or ninety thousand, they have enough
to turn any election one way or the other, if you
give them universal manhood suffrage. What I
say is, that there is no constitutional and no
natural right anywhere that should make it the
duty or confer the right upon the General Gov-
ernment to force upon California or any other
State universal manhood suffrage in respect to
questions that pertain simply and solely to the
State government. But, sir, that is speaking
of the normal condition of things. Matters at
the South are not in a normal condition, and
there are reasons for giving the ballot to the
black man of the South which do not exist for
giving the ballot to the Chinaman in California,
or the black man in Ohio or anywhere else.
My position, aside from the state of things
which exists at the South, is simply this: that
men should vote when they are qualified to
vote and not before. There is no injustice in
this, because voting is simply exercising the
functions of an office conferred for the purpose
of administering and maintaining our form of
Government, and it is just as reasonable that
you should require some intelligence in the
man who administers that function as that you
should require intelligence in the judge who
ascends his seat in order to administer justice
between man and man.
You may say that this is anti-republican and
if carried out would lead to the government
of the minority. Mr. President, if the intel-
lectual and moral qualifications of this coun-
try should slide back to primitive ignorance,
then you must have one of two conditions;
you must either have anarchy under the gov-
ernment of the majortity or you must have order
under some form of the government of a
minority ; and the only way to maintain uni-
versal suffrage, or anything approaching to it,
is to maintain universal intelligence. That is
my position as a rule.
But, sir, the condition of the South at the
close of the war was and is very different from
the condition of Ohio. Nine tenths of the
white population there had been in rebellion ;
they were enemies of the Government ; and
we had been at war spending our resources
and pouring out the blood of the nation like
water in order to save those States, not to
save simply the territory, but to save the gov-
ernments of those States within the Union, to
keep them loyal and true in the great sister-
hood of States. The Senator from Wisconsin
advocates the doctrine that we shall give the
reorganization of the State governments into
the hands of the very men who sought to destroy
this Government, who sought to take the State
governments out of the Union, and withhold
any part in the reorganization of those States
from the colored men who helped to maintain
them in the Union. He complains because,
as he says, we have deprived of suffrage fifty
thousand white men of the South. 1 think
he makes a grand mistake in that. We have
not deprived them of suffrage. We simply
failed to confer suffrage upon fifty thousand
white men who have taken it from themselves
by their treason, and those fifty thousand were
not men simply guilty of treason, but men
who had violated an oath which they had
registered Jin heaven to maintain the Constitu-
tion and the Government of the Union. He
says that we ought not to admit these gov-
ernments because we allow negro voting and
because we disallow voting to these rebels;
and yet he maintains that the Johnson govern-
ments, which deprived two hundred and fifty
thousand white men of the privilege of voting,
are legitimate governments, while the govern-
ment 3 instituted under the congressional pol-
icy deprive only fifty thousand of the privilege
oi voting.
More than that, sir: if a constitutional con-
vention were to meet in Wisconsin to frame
or to amend the constitution there it would not
become the fundamental law of that State
until the people had acted upon it. and thus it
had become the legislation of the people of
the State. Then it would be fundamental law,
and not till then. How was it in the South in
respect to those Johnson governments? Only
one out of the whole number was ever sub-
mitted to the people for adoption, and the
people of that State rejected it when it was
submitted to them; so that the constitutions of
those Johnson governments were never adopted
by the people, and therefore are not legiti-
mate ; and yet the Senator maintains them as
the legitimate governments against the govern-
ments organized under the congressional plan.
He tells us that these colored men are not
fit to vote. Perhaps they are not fit to vote;
but what was our condition? There were
white men who had been in rebellion against
the Government. They hated the Govern-
ment. They did not desire to come back
under the rule of the Constitution. We de-
sired to organize civil government there and to
relieve the people from military government.
How could it be done? It could only be done
by creating in those States a loyal voting pop-
ulation who would organize and maintain civil
government. There were no white people who
were loyal who would thus organize and main-
tain loyal governments, and therefore we were
necessitated to put the ballot into the hands
of the black men in order to find somebody
who would organize and maintain civil gov-
ernments. There were two alternatives: you
must either give them indefinite military rule,
which might lead to military despotism, or you
must create a black voting population ; and
that was what we did at the South.
The Senator tells us that they will very soon
become thf instruments of ambitious men at
the South; that they will become the mere
minions and tools of southern rebels. Sir, he
knows as well as I that during four years of
struggle for the life of the nation these colored
men, when northern influence could not reach
them, were true to the Government against all
the machinations and all the force that could
be brought to bear upon them. He tells us
that they will not vote correctly and properly.
Does not he know that they were true when
others were not true; that they were loyal amid
the disloyal? Does not he know that the
ashes of thirty thousand of them are sleeping
to-day with the ashes of your children on
every field that has been hallowed by the blood
of our heroic dead? Does not he remember
that down at Port Wagner, when the brave Col-
onel Shaw had fallen dead within that intrench-
ment of treason, twenty of these swarthy
Ethiopian warriors piled themselves as a mon-
ument above the corpse of their dead com-
mander, to teach the world how well they knew
and how deeply they loved liberty? Sir, I
think men who would thus struggle can be
trusted to vote and to organize governments
against rebels who have been their masters and
their persecutors.
Now, sir, one word in relation to the posi-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson.] He has objected to that provision
of the law by which we made it necessary to
have a majority of the registered voters vote
on the question of the ratification of the con-
stitution in order to secure the adoption of
that instrument. I voted for that provision.
I thought I did it intelligently, and if we were
to be placed in the same circumstances I should
vote for it again. I voted for it for this reason:
I assumed that all governments should originate
intheconsentof the majority of thegovcrned, in
a normal condition of society, and you cannot
establish a government unless you have got the
majority of the loyal voting people of a State in
favor of that government. If you establish a
government republican in form you have got to
do it by force under any other circumstances,
and doing it by force it is no longer a repub-
lican form of government, but it is in the
nature of things a despotism. It seemed to
me that it was both our privilege and our duty
to say that the majority of the registered voters
should vote either for or against the adoption
of the constitution. But, sir, it is equally true
that the disloyal should not be registered, so
that the majority of the voters registered should
be loyal men. That was our position.
Let me make another-remark on this subject
of voting. I voted for the amendment of the
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] and,
further, I voted for the amendment offered by
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,]
with whom I should certainly oftener vote if I
had as great respect for his politics as I have
for his intellect. I did it for a reason. The
second section of the first article of the Con-
stitution says:
"The House of Representatives shall bo composed
of members ehosen every second year by the people
of the several State?, and the electors in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of
the most numerous branch of the State Legislature."
That very section in the Constitution recog-
nizes two things. It recognizes, first, that the
States have a right to determine the qualifica-
tions of suffrage in the case of the election of
officers who are to administer the powers which
are reserved to the States. It recognizes also
that the General Government has the right to
determine the qualifications of voters who are
to elect Representatives to Congress ; and this
very section proves it ; because if the people
of the Union have not the right to determine
that question, why is it in the Constitution ?
It is simply stated here in the Constitution that
the qualification of electors for members of
Congress shall be precisely the same as the
qualifications requisite for electors of the most
numerous branch of the State Legislature, so
that there may not be a conflict in the qualifi-
cations of voters for the two classes of officers.
It was so important that there should be no
conflict in this respect that the framers of the
Constitution put it into this instrument, so that
we now have no right to determine that question
by an act of the national Legislature, and we
cannot determine it by any compact between
Congress and a State Legislature. Ifitistobe
done at all it must be done by an amendment
of this instrument: and any clause in the nature
of a fundamental condition in one of these
bills, in my judgment, is utterly void and power-
less. It seems to me it would be far better
when one of these States comes to us with a
constitution all right in this respect, a con-
stitution that satisfies and gratifies us, that we
should accept it generously, and not say to
them, virtually, " We distrust you; wc do not
believe that you are honest in this eonstitu-
tution," It has been adopted by a majority of
the registered voting population of the State ;
and why shall we not have faith to believe that
it will be maintained by them? I think we
had better not have any such provisions in
these bills ; but still it is so important that these
States should come in that I am willing to vote
for the bill even with that provision in it.
One word more, sir, and I am done. The
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilsox] has
moved an amendment by which he adds the
fortunes of Alabama to the fortunes of the
other States mentioned in the bill. I think
that is a mistake. I am desirous that Alabama
should come in; but my objections to this
amendment are, first, that it will have a tend-
ency to prevent the speedy admission of Ala-
bama into the Union; and, secondly, itislikely
to hazard this bill itself, and so keep out all
the States mentioned in the bill. We all un-
derstand that the President will veto this bill.
Suppose he does; it can only pass by a two-
thirds vote; and, if I am not misinformed in
respect to the opinions of certain Senators
upon the Alabama question, we hazard some-
thing in putting such a veto before this Senate,
for it is not absolutely certain with Alabama
in that we could secure a two-thirds vote for
the bill; but, having passed this bill by a two-
thirds vote, such a momentum, such an impetus
would be given to the work of reconstruction
that Alabama could not be kept out tor any
length of time.
Mr. BUCKALEW obtained the floor.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to say a single word in correc-
tion of a statement?
Mr. BUCKALBW. I rose for the same pur-
