18G8.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSI0NKL GLOBE.
375
40xii Cong....2d Sess.
Internal Tax-—Mr. Maynardi
Ho. of- Reps.
taking this oath, as the proof in this case
abundantly shows. Itis truethat Judge Young
had sympathies with the southern people, but
the proof shows that he was strictly a State-
rjglits man. and would, no doubt, have fol-
lowed his State had she united her foi'tunes
 ith the rebellion; but when Kentucky decided
to remain in the Union he felt that it was his
duty as a good citizen to stand by her in that
position. Alter the most thorough and search-
ing investigation of liis whole course during
the war, in which his opponents brought to
bear the most infamous and corrupt appliances,
there is absolutely nothing proved which shows
that he was ever in any way identified or con-
nected with the rebellion. This branch of the
case has, however, been so thoroughly dis-
cussed by my colleagues that I shall not occupy
the time of the House on this point.
. I will, however, notice the testimony of one
of the witnesses, Greenup Nickell, which con-
tains the strongest evidence presented against
Judge Young. He swears, in substance, that
in 1863 he was captured by a band of rebels
and carried by them to the town of Owings-
ville; that as they entered the town there was
a general rushing out of the citizens to see
them, and among the citizens who came out
was one whom he heard some one call Judge
Young, and who pointed toward a certain
house saying, to the rebels, that in that house
there was a Yankee soldier, and to "go for
him." He does not pretend to be acquainted
with Judge Young, or, indeed, ever to have
seen him ; and does not know whether the man
he heard called Judge Young, and who pointed
to the house, was the member-elect or not.
There is no proof, therefore, that the member-
elect is the same man described by Nickell, and
such a supposition is directly in conflict with
the conduct of Judge Young during the whole
of the war, as shown by the proof in this case.
His Union neighbors not only acquit him of
ever having encouraged rebels to arrest or in
any way harass Union men, but also testify
that he was always active in using whatever
influence he had to protect and assist them ;
often sacrificing his own comfort, and in many
instances his own property, to secure theirs.
Besides, it is proved that this man Nickell is
a man of notorious bad character; and even
if his statement was positive as to Judge Young,
I submit that the evidence of such a man should
not be permitted to outweigh the oath of Judge
Young, whom the proof in this case shows
to be a man of spotless integrity, whose char-
acter is above reproach.
But, Mr. Speaker, even admitting the truth
of this charge, (which I think I have shown has
no foundation,) how much worse would Judge
Young's case be than that of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Stokes,] who is now
a member of the Republican party, and was
admitted to his Beat without a dissenting voice
from that side of the House in the face of the
following letter, which he himself acknowledges
to have written :
Liberty, May 10,1851.
Dear Sir : I have just learned from a friend that
thero is some gross misrepresentations going the
rounds in your section in regard to my position in
this trying crisis, and for the benefit of yourself and
others X write this. .
I liavo boon a zealous advocate of tile Union up to
the time of Lincoln's Call for sevcnly-fivo thousand
troops; that being in violation of law. and for the
subjugation of thcBouth. Icoiunicnd Governor Har-
ris ibr liis course, and for arming the State and resist-
ing Lincoln to tho point of the bayonet, and have
enrolled ray name as a volunteer to resist his usurpa-
tion. I have, in Congress and out, opposed coercion
and all forced measm-es, believing that it was better
to recognize tho independence of tho "southern con-
federacy" than to attempt to coerce them back.
1 have ahvavs opposed secession, but eljim tho
right of revolution and tho right to resist the op-
pression of the Federal Government, and to throw
off their iillegiauecto tho same wheu tlmtoppression
becomes intolerable. That time has now come. X
have been, and am now, for standing by tho border
slave Stites, for they arc to be tho great sufferers
amine the conflict. I am opposed to being tacked
on to tho southern confederacy at present, (except
as a military league.) But when peace is restored,
if the two nations ctnnot live in peace, lei all the
fifteen slave States elect delegates, meet in conven-
tion, frame their constitution, and submit it to tho
people for their ratification.
The South ought to be a unit during the war, by
all means. I bad announced myself as a candidate
for rcclection, but on seeing Lincoln's proclamation
for troops abandoned the canvass at once, and I am
no candidate. I claim to- have done my duty in
trying to heal our difficulties and restore peace. That
having failed, 1 shall now march forward in, the dis-
charge of my duty in resisting Lincoln, regardless of
false charges, or what not, 6y those who are trying
to put mo down. - Time will tell where we all stand,
and who have been faithful. •
Hoping to hear from you soon, I romnin, vours
truly, WILLIAM B. STOKES.
Mr. Jonjr Duncan, MoMlmvillc. Tennessee.
Here we find this gentleman in 1861, when
the fires of civil war were beiug kindled, add-
ing fuel to the flames which afterward swept over
the country, spreading ruin atid desolation in
their path. When the State of Tennessee was
about drifting from her place in the Union we
find him in the ranks of secession, shouting
for the cause of the rebellion. When the
Union men of his own State needed encourage-
ment and assistance, and had the prayers and
sympathies of the Union men everywhere, we
find him enrolling his name as a volunteer in
the ranks of their enemies. Why does he
write this letter? He had, he says, been
grossly misrepresented ; he had been charged
with being a Union man, and in order to cor-
rect this impression, in order to set himself
right before the country; in order that no one
might thereafter mistake his position; therefore
he writes this letter. He had once been a
Union man, but when he saw Lincoln's proc-
lamation calling for troops he was a Union
man no longer.
He commends Governor Harris for his prep-
arations to resist Lincoln at the point of the
bayonet, and has enrolled his name as a vol-
unteer for that purpose. The gravest charge
presented against Judge Young (which, how-
ever, he denies, and as to which the proof is
not positive and the witness not credible) is
that he encouraged a squad of rebel soldiers to
arrest a Yankee soldier, saying to them to "go
forhim." But Colonel Stokes not only encour-
aged his people to do the same thing, but had
enrolled his name as a volunteer to "go for"
Yankee soldiers also. How, then, can ftnv
man who voted for the admission of Colonel
Stokes now vote to exclude Judge Young?
Internal Tax.
SPEECH OF HON. HORACE MAYNARD,
OF TENNESSEE,
ix the House of Representatives,
June 4, 1868.
Tho House being in Committoo of tho Whole on
the stato of tho Union, and having under considera-
tion tho bill (II. R. No. 1000) to reduco into one act
and to amend the laws relating to internal taxes-
Mr. MAYNARD said:
Mr. Chairman: Under all forms of govern-
ment the assessment and collection of taxes is
the highest exercise of administrative authority.
The law comes to the citizen with imperative
tone and exacts from him, whether he will or
not, a portion of that which belongs to liim,
"Stand and deliver, at your peril;" like the
cry of the highwayman. That is the nature
of the transaction ; it adheres to the thing
itself, no matter 'what the form of government
or who may be the governed.
The revenues of the State are necessary to
its existence, and they must be had. The law
as it. now stands upon the statute-hook gives
an authority that the Committee of Ways and
Means do not by this bill propose to increase.
Thegentleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] last
night intimated a doubt whether this authority
would ever be very efficiently exercised in a
Government like ours. I do not entertain that
doubt. The experience of the last six years
has demonstrated this, if nothing else: that a
I'Ver- wovernnipni. a popular ronient. is the
most efficient of, all forms of government. We
have seen larger armies assembled, .we have
seen them wielded on the field with greater
efficiency, and when the war was over dispersed
niore quietly to their homes, than was ever
before exhibited in the history of nations.
Let the people understand that a certain
amount of revenue is to be raised by taxation,
let them see that it is equally, fairly,'and justly
imposed,-and honestly collected and appropri-
ated, and you will have the moral sentiment of
the country on your side. Every honest man
in the nation would be a self-constituted detect-
ive to see that the Government is not defrauded
of its just receipts.
I have said that the bill now before us does
not propose to increase the administrative
powers that are conferred on officers concerned
in the collection of the revenue. Had I time
I could show by a comparison between this bill
and the laws now upon the statute-book that in
many respects the severity and rigor of former
legislation, so far as it affects the tax-payer,
are very considerably mitigated.
Let me instance. As the law now stands,
when the assessor imposes a burden upon the
tax-payer, however illegal and unjust, and the
collector goes to enforce it, the tax-payer is
without remedy. He is barred utterly and for-
ever from any appeal for relief to the courts of
the country. On the other hand this bill pro-
vides that in the case of one called upon to pay
an internal tax, as in the case "of one paying
duties on foreign importations, he may pay
under protest, and then if he deems proper bring
suit to recover back the money which he sup-
poses has been improperly exacted from him.
I might go further in illustration, but at this
stage of the debate I will not refer to other
portions of the bill which show the same gen-
eral fact, that so far as it affects the tax-paver,
instead of bearing upon him with increased
rigor, it very much relieves the severity of
the present law. The trouble is not with the
power which the law now confers upon the
officers of the revenue for the purpose of en-
forcing the collection of the taxes. The diffi-
culty is that those powers are not accompanied
by aproperdegree of responsibility. And under
any circumstances, and in any condition, power
without responsibility is simply despotism. !t
is this that constitutes the intolerable oppres-
sion of oriental tax-gathering. Where there is
no responsibility to the people they are liable to
be oppressed. Where there is no responsibility
to the Government it is sure to be defrauded.
In the present condition of things our taxes
are collected by a body of officers, assessors,
and collectors who are practically irresponsi-
ble both to the Government and to the people.
They are removable only by the concurrence
of the President and the Senate, a concurrence
which, at the present time, is as matter of fact
almost impossible, The President charges
that the Senate improperly refuses to confirm
his appointees. The Senate retorts that he
makes no proper appointments for them to
confirm. And between the two there is no
responsibility. The result is a troop of worth-
less officials, incompetent, unfaithful, oppress
ive. Honest taxpayers are over-burdened
because the dishonest escape. Fraud perpe-
trated and connived at pervades the entire
revenue service. The rogues hold carnival.
Whatever of honesty there is connected wi'h
the service, and there is a great deal, is p.ira-
lyze.d. practically helpless.
The same thing is true of the assistant assess-
ors and assistantcollectors, and to a still higher
degree of that brood of inspectors who are
swarming like locusts over the land, making
unlawful seizures wherever they may, and ex-
acting that most odious of all collections known
by the name of "black mail." lhe_ natural
consequences have followed, honest industry
has been driven from the field and P'at'e
to knavery and its harlot crew. The public
soTvonts hjivf5 bpcomft dclifiocutHi, <\nu tll&t
