376
APPENDIX TOl THE CONGBESSION AL' GLOBE.
[June'4,
Ho. 03? Eeps.
Internal Tax^—Mr; Maynard.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
ingenuity which, properly directed, would have
achieved valuable results, has been largely em-
ployed in cheating the Government. I know
of no branch of business in which the upright
dealer who, in good faith, pays his taxes can
successfully compete with a dishonestrival who
pays none. He must either give up his busi-
ness or stoop to villainy. A few will do -the
one ; the many will gradually give wayrto the
oilier. Officials whose duty it is to see will
find it more profitable to be blind. Their pay for
being faithful will not compare with the bribes
offered for being unfaithful. - Corruption is or-
ganized, and the revenue is diverted from the
Treasury into the pockets of the organization.
The legislative halls are approached, and jus-
tice itself is sold in open market, thus turning
against the Government the moneys so iniqui-
toosly plundered.
We have heard a great deal of what lias
qome to be known as the " whisky ring."
That is simply a combination of dishonest and
irresponsible officials with dishonest and un-
scrupulous manufacturers and dealers, one
part of the combination furnishing the official
power, and the other part furnishing the means
upon which to operate; a combination that
wages war against the industrial interests of
the country, and has so far succeeded in driving
honest men out of the manufacture of distilled
spirits that, six months ago, the Secretary of
the Treasury informed a committee of gentle-
men who waited upon him that he was not
informed whether there was any considerable
amountof thatbusiness carried on in the coun-
try by honest men. Illicit distillation is con-
nived at. False returns are made and accepted.
Worthless bonds are given and received for the
Storage, t-ransport'ation, and export of spirits.
Fraudulent permits are granted and a fraudu-
lent use allowed of such as were fair on the
face. Facts are certified which never occurred.
Books are kept wi thout any regard to the state
of the business they profess to record. False
gauging, falseinspecting, false warehousing, aid
in the work of fraud. Liquors are withdrawn
clandestinely and removed from official custody.
Casks filled avowedly for exportation are emp-
tied and sent abroad refilled with water, their
original contents thrown, without tax, upon
the market. Fire has been invoked as an
agency to conceal frauds by destroying the
means of detection. Perjury has laughed to
scorn the safeguards of official oaths. In a
word, dishonesty has triumphed over the law
and all the honest agents engaged in its exe-
cution. The revenues from this source have
fallen off until they are little better than nom-
inal. Immense fortunes have been realized;
and, if current reports may be relied on, vast
sums have been forthcoming to secure results
favorable to the interests of this formidable
and villainous combination.
What is the consequence? The establish-
ments of the honest distillers throughout the
country we hear are closed, and their manu-
factures lying in bond waiting for a rise in the
continually falling market, until it shall reach
a point commensurate with the tax and the
actual cost of manufacture, the hope of any
profit having long since been abandoned.
What is true of distilled spirits is true to a
very great extent of tobacco, of petroleum,
and of various other industrial interests. When
an honest manufacturer, seeing himself de-
feated and thwarted by these combinations all
around him, comes here to Washington for
relief, he goes directly, and of course, to the
White House, to the President, in the first
instance. The President, engaged in the re-
construction of the rebel States, a high meas-
ure of administration which he regards as
paramount to all others, has very little time to
hear his complaints, and sends him down to
the Secretary of the Treasury. The Secretary
of the Treasury, intent on the early resump-
tion of specie payment, refers him to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. The Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, as we saw from
his testimony, read here last night by the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. EldrIbge,.]. is
hut a subordinate officer, and he refers him
back again to his chief.' He has m&3e recom-
mendations time and  gain, and those recom-,
mendatiorts have not been regarded. And so,
after the man has for days been parsing between
the Wjiite House and the office of internal rev-
enue, stopping, as. he goes, at the Treasury
building, lie returns home disheartened, unable
to find any one responsible for this great
machine for collecting the revenue, nobody
before whom he can .lay his complaint with
any prospect of a hearing, or who will give
him any hope of relief. That is the state of
things at this time. Everywhere is presented
a divided responsibility; and a divided re-
sponsibility is no responsibility.
Now, the feature of this bill which I propose
to discuss comes in here, not for the purpose
of giving increased power to the agencies em-
ployed iu collecting the public revenue, but to
fix upon those agencies a degree of responsi-
bility which does not attach to them in the
present state of the law ; I .refer to the pro-
vision contained iu the first section, which
erects the internal revenue collection into a
separate and distinct department. This un-
questionably we have a right to do, just as
several years ago we erected the agricultural
affairs of the country into a separate depart-
ment, and a few years previous created a new
department for the management of the Indian,
Pension, Patent, and Land Offices. It does
not follow that we make it a department of
equal dignity with the State Department and
the Treasux-y Department, or either of the
other Departments. We make it a separate
department. Gentlemen have said that we
thereby create a bead of Department, and
consequently a new Cabinet officer. There is
in our form of government, so far as I am
aware, no such thing known as a Cabinet officer.
The.Cabinetis a body of such heads of Depart-
ments as the President chooses to invite into
his political councils for the purpose of con-
sultation on affairs connected with his admin-
istration. I believe it was not until Mr. Mc-
Lean was Postmaster General, and during
General Jackson's administration, that the
head of the Post Office Department was invited
to a seat in the Cabinet. Up to this time it
had not been a political office. Some gentle-
man, perhaps, can correct me, if I misstate
when it was that the Attorney General first
took his seat at the council table of the Presi-
dent. If my memory serves it was at the
same date, and Mr. Berrien, the incumbent.
The head of the Department of Agriculture
has never yet been asked to that board, so far
as I am aware. The head of the Department
of Internal llevenue may or may not be in-
vited to take a seat as a Cabinet officer, just as
the President may or may not think proper.
That is no part of the purpose of this bill, and
does not belong to it.
At this point, 1 may remark that some crit-
icism has been made upon the present head of
what is now a bureau of the Treasury Depart-
ment, the office of internal revenue. 1 do not
propose to defend that officer or to attack him.
We have had since the internal revenue system
was inaugurated four commissioners. The
first was a gentleman who is an honored mem-
ber of our own body at this time ; the second
wasacitizen of Pennsylvania; the third served
but a brief term ; the fourth and the longest
continued in office is the present incumbent.
I believe it is conceded on all hands—at least
I have never heard it controverted—that the
Commissioner is an honest man. That is cer-
tainly something; it is a great deal. By his
long connection with this department, from
nearly the very first, he has come to be better
informed respecting it than any other person
with whom I am acquainted—probably better
than anybody in the country. In reorganizing
this- department it was deemed by the Com-
missioner important that we should have the
benefitofhis experience, his acquaintance with
the working of the department, and especially
his acquaintance with the subordinates in that
department, so that he might select those who
Were honest aiid efficient and reject those who
-were dishonest and inefficient. Consequently
it is contemplated and so provided that he shall
continue in his present place under the existing
law until the new bill is perfected and passed
and until it is vitalized by the appointment and
qualification of a head, practically until he has
a successor.
If in the opinion of the President and the
Senate he shall not prove adequate to the
exigencies of the depaftment after it is organ-
ized and gets to woTk, it will not be difficult td
substitute another in his place.
It is objected that his authority to appoint
the various subordinates gives him an .undue
patronage. How much higher will be.his au-
thority or greater his patronage tha'6 is -now
exercised by the collector of the single port of
New York? IIow will it compare, pray, with
that enjoyed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
the Secretary of the Interior, or the Postmaster
General? Why, sir, his authority is nothing
compared with that of the military commander
of a large department during the war. The
collection of the internal revenue, as I have
said, requires a high degree of executive author-
ity; and it must be exercised in such a way as
to throw the responsibility directly on some one.
Let this officer be held responsible for the man-
ner in which this department is carried on;
then every unfaithful or dishonest official being
subject to removal by him, if he does notmake
the removal he is held responsible by the Presi-
dent; he is held responsible by public senti-
ment; and especially is he held responsible by
the political party to which he may happen to
belong,- because there is nothing which would
so quickly bring reproach and obloquy upon
any political organization as dishonesty and
infidelity in the collection and disbursement of
the public revenues.
But, Mr. Chairman, there is another reason
why the patronage connected with this depart-
ment should be taken away from the Chief
Executive of the United States. Under our
system of government the executive power is
a very great one, guarded, hemmed in, re-
stricted at various points, but still a power
which, for the last forty years, has been contin-
ually and rapidly on the increase. As between
the executive and the legislative department
of the Government the power of the executive
department has been constantly increasing,
while that of the legislative has been as con-
stantly decreasing in its influence upon public
affairs. I will not stop to inquire the reason
of this ; I merely assert the historical fact. The
lastAdministration, thatofMr. Lincoln, charged
with the carrying on of an immense war, had
no tendency to diminish the exercise of exec-
utive authority. The present Administration,
under the charge of an officer having a most
exaggerated estimate of the executive author-
ity, was unfortunately brought at a very early
period into direct anil immediate conflict with
the legislative department. That conflict went
on until it was manifest that one or the other
must take precedence or consent to fall into
the rear. This House thought there was no
alternative but to surrender the constitutional
authority which it conceived belonged to itself,
or to resort to the only constitutional remedy
left, that of impeachment. Accordingly im-
peachment was raised and carried to the bar of
the Senate. Though sustained by a majority
of thirty-five votes to nineteen, it still lacked
one vote of the two thirds necessary to a tech-
nical conviction ; but it is not to be inferred
that impeachment was a failure j that it accom-
plished nothing. While it did not effect the
removal of the accused from office, it procured
a declaration from both Houses of Congress
