3924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
amendment; it was the great object to do it;
and I saw by the paper to-night that they were
there last niglit indorsing this new revolution-
ary ticket put before the country, and which is
in perfect harmony with Toombs's doctrine to
"let discord reign forever," which he avowed
here some years ago. I think North Carolina
and South Carolina will choose their Senators
on Tuesday next, probably, and adopt the con-
stitutional amendment. Louisiana has already
chosen hers. In Alabama the Legislature is all
on one side ; it y ill be unanimous 011 all these
questions. Geo gia is doubtful. The State of
Aikansas and the State of Florida have com-
plied with the conditions and are here, and I
do not think it is necessary to say anything
about them. I think wc might just as well say
something about Massachusetts. I have just
as much confidence in their standing as I have
in that of my own State. I believe North Caro-
lina and South Carolina and Louisiana will do
the same. There is doubt about what Georgia
will do in the matter.
Now, why not say that Virginia, and Missis-
sippi. which has voted down the new constitu-
tion by a majority probably of three or four
thousand, and Texas, which is not yet pre-
pared, shall not be entitled to representation in
the Electoral College, say it squarely, and stop
there, and that these other States which have
not complied shall not vote, unless they do com-
ply. Four of them unquestionably will do so
in a day or two, and perhaps the others, and
that will leave the matter, it seems to me, all
sale.
Mr. FERRY. I do not like the proposition
to say peremptorily that Virginia, Texas, and
Mississippi shall not participate in the election,
especially as in Virginia the submission of the
constitution to the people for ratification may
take place, the constitution be ratified, and the
State comply with all the requisitions of the
reconstruction laws before November. Our
peremptory decimation to her now that she
fhu.ll not participate in the presidential election,
t think, would bo used to our disadvantage.
Sir, I had prepared an amendment which I
intended to submit, but the Senator from
Oregon in the first portion of his amendment
used somewhat similar phraseology. As his
amendment has been withdrawn, and mine
does not cover as much ground, I will read
mine in order to suggest a mode which it seems
to me will relieve us from the difficulty under
which we are laboring. From the tone of the
discussion, it, seems to me that the main objec-
tion to the joint resolution, as reported by the
committee, has now dwindled down to an
objection to the enumeration of the States in
the thiid. fourth, and tifih lines of the joint
resolution ; and it is desirable to find some
mode of expression which shall convey the
idea expressed in those three lines by that
enumeration, without making the enumeration.
I therefore propose to insert in lieu of that
enumeration this language:
That such States as, by reason of the participation
of their inhabitants in the late rebellion, shall not
bo represented in either branch ol ttiel'ortieth Con-
gress onor before the 3d cLiy of jSrovembei,1803, shall
not be entitled to representation in the Electoral
College, &c.
Adopting the entire joint resolution as it
remains, simply describing by the phraseology
ol my amendment instead of enumerating the
States as they are enumerated in the joint res-
olution.
Mr. WILSON. Read the resolution as you
have it.
Mr. CONNESS. Send it to the Clerk and
let the amendment be read in connection with
the joint resolution.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the joint resolution so that it shall read:
That sueh States as by reason of the participation
of tbcirinhabitants in tho lafo rebellion shall not be
represented in e>ther branch of the Fortieth Con-
gress on or before the 3d day of November, 1833, shall
not be entitled to iodi esentatiun in the Electoral
College for the choice of Pre^id^nt or Vice President,
ol the United States, and no electoral votes shall be
received or counted from any of such„S'ates, unless
at the timo prescribed by jaw for tho choice of elect-
ors the people of sueh States pursuant to tho acts
ot Congress in that bchalt, shall have, since tho 4th
day oi March, 1867, adopted a constitution of State
government under which « St«vo government shall
have been organized and shall bo in operation, and
unless such election of electors fahall have been held
under the authority of such constitution and govern-
ment, and such State shall have also become enti-
tled to representation in Congress, pursuant to the
acts of Cong* ess in that behalf.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that it may be
read again, and I beg to ask the Senator who
drew it to attend to the first and last part of it
in connection with each other.
The Chief Clerk again read the joint resolu-
tion as it would stand, if amended.
Mr. CONKLING. I inquire of the Senator
if that is not a contradiction ill terms ?
Mr. FERItY. I do not see it.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me indicate how it
strikes me. I may be wrong ; I only know
from listening. The provision is that those
States which at the expiration of this ses-
sion—that is it practically 
Mr. FERRY. Practically.
Mr. CONKLING. Are not represented in
Congress shall not be represented in the Elect-
oral College unless, in those same States which
are not represented, the votes shall be cast
pursuant to a government set up and they shall
have become entitled to representation. How
can both those predicaments exist, where in
point of fact they have not become entitled to
representation before this session ends'?
Mr. FKitliY. There the Senator makes his
mistake. The first clause provides that States
not actually represented before our adjourn-
ment shall not participate in the election unless,
to come to the very point, in the mean time
they shall become entitled to representation by
currying out the reconstruction laws. There
is no inconsistency.
Mr. CONKLING. But what is to be the
criterion ? Who is to determine whether they
have become entitled?
Mr. FERRY. The law itself, when they
have.
Mr. CONKLING. In other words, if my
friend will pardon me, is it not true that this is
the sole place of arbitrament? Is not Con-
gress the arbiter of all that question, and can it
be politically or legislatively determined until
we have the evidence that they have ratified
the fourteenth amendment, and done the vari-
ous things which are required ? And would it
not be, in reality, leaving it all at sea to make
such a distinction as he now makes between
their actually having received recognition and
readmission of representation, and having be-
come in theory entitled to it, when there is no
tribunal except this to pass upon the ques-
tion ?
Mr. FETIRY. Under the joint resolution,
if it should pass with this amendment, the
piactical operation will be this: any State
which has been represented in this session of
the Fortieth Congress, in either branch, will
vote, and from the facc that its admission to
representation in either branch is a sanction
by Congress, the proper authority to its right
to membership in the Union, and thus to its
right to participate in the presidential election.
In addition to that, should any State, after the
adjournment, of Congress, and before the presi-
dential election perform all on its part incum-
bent to be performed under our reconstruction
laws, so as to be entitled to representation, in
the language of the joint resolution as origin-
ally reported from the committee, it also would
lie entitled to participate in the presidential
election, and the votes would be returned to
this Congress at its next session. If it should
have entitled itself 10 representation, so as to
make its votes in the Electoral College legiti-
mate, that fact would also appear at the next
session, and their Senators and Representa-
tives would be here and would be admitted, I
suppose.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, if my friend will
allow me, at that point, to make a suggestion,
would it not be much better to say that, all
States which are not admitted to representa-
tion at the next session of Congress, or by the
time the vote is to be counted, shall be excluded?
If that is what he means, I suggest that would
be a simpler way to get at it.
Mr. FERRY. Y'ou cannot pass a law that
all States that shall not be admitted in Decem-
bershall be excluded from voting in November.
Mr. CONKLING. No, no; but all States
which have not, been admitted by the second
Wednesday in February, when the votes are to
be counted; all States which have not been
admitted to representation when the count of
electoral votes takes place, shall not be entitled
to have their votes counted. That would be
the effect of this.
Mr. FERRY. The object now is to prevent
an election being held in those States. If the
object of tho joint resolution is to prevent the
counting of the votes after the States have held
elections, the phraseology could be changed
in that way.
Mr. CONKLING. How can any of these
States foresee whether they are to be admitted
or not? Of course, they will go on and vote
at a venture in November. How can any
State in November know that she may not be
admitted by February afterward?
Mr. FERRY. Under the joint resolution as
it now stands with this amendment in it, each
State would know whether it had conformed to
the reconstruction acts, and was thereby enti-
tled to representation. It seems to me the
argument of the Senator goes against the whole
joint resolution, the whole principle.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
This matter seems to have got a good deal mud-
dled by the numerous amendments which have
been offered here this evening. Isuggestthat
it might be well to refer it back to the com-
mittee for revision; or perhaps a better sug-
gestion than that might be made: the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia reported a
bill here a few days since, which was finally
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary ;
now, 1 apprehend that while they are lixing up
that bill, the District Committee could fix up
this joint resolution, and I suggest that we
reciprocate the kindness that was paid to our
committee the other day. [Laughter. J
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to say one
word, and that is to remind the Senator from
New Hampshire that there have not been any
amendments adopted to the resolution yet. I
have no objection to any amendments if they
can be so considered that we understand we are
accomplishing the purpose. Everybody agrees
that the joint resolution, which it seems that
the Judiciary Committee did not report, but I
did, will accomplish the object, as to these spe-
cific States, we have in view ; but gentlemen
arc dissatisfied with the mode in which that
object is stated in the resolution. Now I sug-
gest, let us take a vote on these amendments,
and if we do not adopt any and are not in favor
of the joint resolution, to reject it and then try
again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw it.
Mr. FERRY. Then I offer mine.
Mr. THAYER. I rose to inquire if amend-
ments are still in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
one pending. There are generally two. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. CONKLING. An amendment to the
amendment is in order.
Mr. THAYER. '1 here seemed to be a gen-
eral offering of amendments, and I thought I
would offer mine. If I were called upon lo
solve this difficulty, it seems to me we might
agree upon a form to obviate all disagreement.
1 would take the original resolution as reported
by the Senator from Vermont and inodii) it so
as to read:
That none of the State? lately in rebellion shall be
entitled to representation in the Cieetoiai College, &c.
It seems to me that covers the whole ground.
I propose to take the original resolution, strik-
