' ;-1
2900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
pose, and I must decline to yield. I tried to
get the floor yesterday for the purpose of mak-
ing an explanation. „I shall only occupy the
floor for a few moments.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mokton]
alleged that there was but a single voting poll
open in each county in Alabama when the elec-
tion was held, and the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] was resting under a similar misap-
prehension. Now, sir, the fact was that a
number of voting places were opened in each
county, and different polls were held. In the
pamphlet of evidence which was printed by
the Mouse of Representatives on this Alabama
case appeared a great many items of evidence
conclusively establishing this fact. At page
32, in the statement from the judge of probate
and others from the third district, I find these
words:
"There were four voting places in the county ap-
pointed, but one of them was withdrawn, and the
voting was done at three places, to wit, Jacksonville,
Davisviile, and Maddox's court-ground. We were
at Jacksonville."
Another gentleman who makes a statement
speaks of having voted at Huntsville, " one of
the voting precincts" in a particular county ;
and so throughout the pamphlet appears con-
clusive evidence that there were a number of
voting places in each county.
While I am up, I will suggest one point to
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son,] which I suppose he has not reflected upon
sufficiently, and, 1 think, if he will consider it,
he will see the propriety of not pressing his
amendment if there were nothing else involved.
Under the act of Congress those in the State
of Alabama who were in favor of the constitu-
tion went to the election and voted; those who
were opposed to it stayed at home and induced
others to stay at home also. The result was
that but one side voted in that State at that
election; and they did this under the invitation
of the actof Congress ; they did it in pursuance
of our law. Now, what is the result? That
the State organization set up was the act of a
part only of the people of that State; and yet
the Senator, by his amendment, would recog-
nize that State organization thus set up, to
recognize the State officers so elected, and the
members of the Legislature, and he would have
representativesintroducedinto Congress chosen
at an election in which only a part of the pop-
ulation voted ; at an election where those who
did not vote were invited to stay away from the
election by the very act of Congress under
which the proceeding took place. Would it
not be the greatest bad faith for us to recog-
nize that State organization and State govern-
ment under those circumstances'?
If the men who did not vote in that State had
stayed away willfully; had stayed away when
the law invited them to come forward and vote
at the election; when, according to their views
and their position, it was to tlieir interest to
accept the invitation of the law and go forward
to the election, it would be quite a different
case. But here you had a law which permitted
them to stay away from the polls, and invited
them to stay away from the polls, and thus
exhibit their hostility to the constitution when
it should be submitted. That constitution was
defeatedunder the law. The opponents of the
constitution under the law secured its defeat
by withholding their votes. Consequently all
the votes taken at that election for State
officers, for members of the Legislature, and
for other officers that were then voted for, fell
under the law. They were all illegal. There
never was any express authority to hold a State
election at the same time that the constitution
was voted upon under any act of Congress.
It was the act of the convention itself. They
were not executing any act of Congress in
holding their State election at the same time.
They held that State election of their own
motion, by the decision of their own conven-
tion; and when the constitution failed that
State election failed under the law.
Now, sir, cannot the Senator from Massa-
chusetts see that it would be grossly unfair,
that it would be the sublimation of injustice,
to hold that State election valid, and to install
into office all those persons who were chosen
at that election, when under our own law it
was not a valid election? Then, even if the
State is to be recognized by Congress as enti-
tled to representation, good faith, the plainest
principle of justice, requires that there should
be another election held in the State for the
choice of State officers and for organizing a
State government.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, I under-
stand it is the purpose to take the vote on this
question at an early hour to-day, and I do not
care to occupy much time in saying what I
had designed under other circumstances to say
on the admission of these States, and espe-
cially in reference to Alabama. My own opin-
ion is that we shall do a very injudicious thing,
and perhaps I may add a cruel thing, to admit
the States contained in this bill and leave out
Alabama, the best, the first, and the most
loyal of all the States included within the bill.
I do not know anything about the question of
expediency of which the Senator from Now
Hampshire has been speaking. I do not know
what force there may be in the suggestion that
the inclusion of Alabama in this bill will
jeopardize and prejudice the bill in the Sen-
ate. I cannot think that it will have that
effect. It appears to me that Senators who
are willing to vote for the admission of any
of these States, and who have it in their hearts
to vote for the admission of any of them, will
vote for the admission of Alabama.
Senators have been somewhat anxious to
know what their record was in reference to the
provision of law under which Alabama is
claimed not to have voted a majorhy of all the
registered votes for the constitution. E'or my
own part I do not know precisely how I voted
on that question ; and what is more than that,
I do not care. I have no doubt that Senators
voted honestly under the lights they then had,
and I do not think it is any object for a man
to claim that he is always right. I have tried
for many years to vote as I thought was right
at the time in reference to any act of Congress
or any vote I was called upon to give; and if I
knew more the next day and had better light,
I should be very likely to change. I hope
always that I am not chained to any dead car-
cass of principles or measures so that I am
obliged always, Congress after Congress, to
vote for one bill and never amend it and never
change it. I voted for the change of the law
referred to as applicable to other States.
Whether I voted for this provision in the ori-
ginal law I do not know. But, sir, I know
that the State which responded the first, the
most earnest, the most loyal, was the State of
Alabama. Her election was held, to be sure,
in an unpropitious season of the year ; she had
not the experience that other States which
came after had ; but I think the loyal and true
men of Alabama did the best they could, and
"angels can do no more." Nothing more
should be required. When our friends who are
loyal and earnest to this Government do the
best they can under the circumstances, and
under the lights and facilities they enjoyed,
why should we not reach out the most cordial
hand ? Why should we not be anxious, instead
of tardy, to welcome their returnWhy should
we not exert ourselves to let these men in the
South feel that they are coming into the old
family with friends, not enemies?
I have thoughtthat the best and surest method
of reconstruction would be to convince the
South that on their return they are to be dealt
with in the most liberal and cordial manner,
not only in being welcomed back, but in our
subsequent treatment of and legislation in
regard to those States. When we completed
the legislation called the reconstruction acts
that was a covenant between me and them,
and I think it was a covenant between Con-
gress and those States; but for my action it
certainly was a covenant that if they complied
substantially, in good faith and earnestly, with
the conditions of reconstruction as placed in
the law they should be received back into the
Union. I never thought .we were to stand |
npon any technicality, that we were to resort 'i
to special pleading upon some small point to \
be ruled against a State. My covenant was \
that on a substantial compliance with the terms
prescribed they would be welcomed back; and ;
I am not going now to plead any technicality :
of the law; I am not going to say that these ;
States have not done what they could under ;
our legislation and the best they could.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator from
Kansas allow me to ask him one question?
He speaks about a matter of technicality. I
wish to ask him whether he thinks that pro-
vision of the statute which required that there
should be a majority of the registered voters
voting to ratify the constitution was a part of
the law; whether he thinks that had the force
and effect of law ?
Mr. POMEROY. When Alabama voted I
think it was the law; I think it did have the
force and effect of law ; and yet I think Con-
gress is entirely capable of waiting that point
now. That law, by the way, did not say that
Alabama should not come in if a majority of
her registered voters did not vote; it only said
that she should come in if they did ; and Con-
gress has the right at any time to waive any one
of these provisions, especially accompanied as
it was by the grossest fraud and the greatest
terror that pervaded Alabama during that elec-
tion. If it would not be wasting the time of
the Senate, I "should like to read testimony
which 1 have on that subject, which is conclu-
sive to my mind. As it is, I will only read a
single extract from a very long communication
that I have received from a gentleman in
Mobile, who has lived there for more than
twenty years and who was loyal through the
war, not nominally so, but actively, earnestly
so. This gentleman says, in closing a long
communication : "Depend upon what I say—
our political and physical life depends upon
prompt and fearless action on the part of Con-
gress, looking to a speedy restoration of this
State and so on in that strain. 1 should
feel myself false to my convictions, to the plead-
ings of my friends, to the earnest, anxious
longings of the loyal men in the South, if I
hesitated, doubted, threw cold water, to nse a
familiar phrase, upon them when they come
and present their application here for admis-
sion. We repealed this provision of law as
applicable to ail the other States, and I under-
take to say that we can waive it as applicable
to Alabama ; and I shall vote, must vote, can-
not do otherwise than vote for the amendment
ot the Senator from Massachusetts; and in
doing so I certainly hope that no Senator will
feel that he cannot stand by this bill in all the
trials to which it may be subjected in the future.
The Senator from New Hampshire has given
us the shadowings of a veto. I do not know
anything about that; but if it come, I appre-
hend that Senators who propose to admit these
States will vote for their admission.
I cannot believe that on any technicality of
this kind any Senator can doubt the right of
these States to admission. So I say, without
doing any more than merely express my own
opinion, that we ought to make haste in ad-
mitting these States, and in welcoming them,
and making them feel that they are returning
to their friends and not to their enemies, mak-
ing them feel that the old family rejoice in
| their return, and not delay them from day to
| day by pleading against them.
[ Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to ask of the
; Senate to make a report from a committee of
; conference on the same general subject which
is pending and which, perhaps, may facilitate
l our action upon the bill now under consider i-
; tion. If there is no objection I should iike to
1 make the report at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will be received if there be no objection.
KEPItESlJNTATION OF ARKANSAS.
Air. TRUMBULL submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
