1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3925
ing out the names of the States and inserting
a few other words, .so as to make it read:
That none of the States lately in rebellion shall be
entitled to representation in the Electoral College for
the choice of President and Vice Pi evident 
Mr. DAVIS. Will you not stop there?
[Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER. No, sir; I prefer to go
through. 1 waive the reading ot' the residue
of the resolution. If it is in order, I move
that amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. That would shut out
Maryland.
Mr. THAYER. Not at all.
Mr. CONKLING. Look and see.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say but one word 011
the proposition of my friend from Nebraska.
This is not my dish, and 1 do not help to cook
it; but at the same time I would ask leave to
make a single suggestion which gentlemen can
accept or reject, i think I can tell pretty cer-
tainly what their purposes are, and it seems to
me that, without any more trouble or waste of
words, they might just provide a short bill in
this form:
He it enacted, A'C., That the electors of Alabama,
Aikansas, &c., shall not be counted in tile next pres-
idential election except so far as those electois are
pledged to vote for the Radical candidate for the
Presidency.
I think a few simple words like those would
achieve the whole object. [Laughter.]
Mr. IIOWE. I do not know how this is.
I should like to have a night to think of it.
There are some forty odd thousand words, I
am told, in the English language, and I am a
little inclined to think that by studying over
night I could frame a proposition which has
not been yet offered by way of amendment,
Flauehter, land I move thattbeSenateadjourn.
j_" No !'' "No !"]
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. Before the vote is taken
on the pending amendment I wish to try avote
on recommitting the resolution, and let the
Senate decide whether they will take that
course or not. I move to recommit the joint
resolution to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being
on a division—ayes 10, noes 18.
The PRESIDENT .pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry.]
The amendment was rejected—ayes nine,
noes not, counted.
Mr. POME ROY. If the Senator from Ver-
mont is not particular in regard to the naming
of these States, there is a form which I think
will suit almost every one by just leaving out
the names of the States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am notparticular about
anything, except I am particular in believing
in my own opinion ; but I am ready to give up
to a majority at any moment if you can find a
majority.
Mr. POMEEOY. I am in favor of the res-
olution. The form of amendment which I
have prepared is simply to make the resolution
read tb us:
That all the States whose inhabitants have been
declared to have been lately in rebellion or insur-
rection against the United States shall not be enti-
tled, &e.
Mr. CONKLING. That we voted upon
before. That leaves West Virginia out in the
cold, for example.
Mr. POMEROY. No; West Virginia has
a State government organized.
Mr. CONKLING. The difficulty about West
Virginia is this: a part of West Virginia was
embraced in the proclamation of 1861. Vir-
ginia was embraced except that part west of
the Alleghanies. That exception included the
bulk of West Virginia, but not all of it.
Therefore, there is a part of West Virginia
which would be included in that proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. Itdoes notapply to West
Virginia or Tennessee.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The proclamation of
1861 embraced a number of counties which
are now a part of West Virginia.
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw the amend-
ment. Let us have a vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL, If the resolution should
be reported to the Senate, and the Senator from
New York [Mr. Coxklixo] would offer his
proposition again, perhaps the Senate would
adopt it. That certainly covers the whole case,
and I do not think there is any serious objec-
tion made to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
are no further amendments to be offered, the
joint resolution will be reported to the Senate.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended.
Mr. CONKLING. If it is in order, at the
suggestion of several Senators, two or three
of whom voted against the proposition before,
I beg leave now to renew the amendment that
I moved in committee in the nature of a sub-
stitute. The Secretary has it.
Mr. POMEROY. We have not concurred
in the amendment made in committee yet.
Mr. CONKLING. There was no amend-
ment made.
Mr. POMEROY. An amendment was made
which will be found in italics on the second
page.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon ; I had for-
gotten that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, to insert in
line fourteen, after the word " operation," the
words:
! And unless such election of electors shall hnvo
i been held under the authority of such constitution
] and government.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CONKLING. Now I renew my prop-
osition in the nature of a substitute.
Mr. CONNESS. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows;
Strike out all after the resolving clause of the
joint resolution, and insert:
Thai no SUtcuhaU bo entitled to representation in
the Electoial College for the choice of President and
Vice President ot the United States, and no electoral
votes shait be received or counted from any State,
unless at the time prescribed by law tor the ehoieo
of electors there shall be iu such State a government
recogm/.ed by Congress as regular and permanent,
and not provisional only, nor unless the election tor
electors shall have taken place under the authority
ot a State government so recogimed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 am opposed to this
amendment. If some others have changed
their minds I have not seen any good reason
to change mine. 1 think it is a bad time for
the Congress of the United States to assert
in this form this jurisdiction over all the States
of the Union, it may be that this proposition
can be supported by an argument, but the doubt
in my mmd is as to whether that argument will
be satisfactory to the people so as tally to vin-
dicate our cause if we adopt this amendment.
If there is any objection that has been urged
with force against the present Congress, it is
the assumption of power over the States of the
U nion ; thedisregard of the rights of the States.
1 do not of course fully sympathize with that
objection ; but at the same time this proposi-
tion assumes that whenever a party majority
in Congress chooses not to recognize a State
government, at that moment that Stale ceases
to have any right of representation in the Eiect-
i oral College. It will be said, as it seems to
' me, by those who are opposed to the policy of
i the present Congress, that the majority here
I have assumed the power to say that any State
I in the Union shall not be entitled to have rep-
' resentation in the Electoral College. Is that
I a power which can safely at this time be exer-
cised by this Congress? I ask if we have.not
burdens enough to carry at this time, derived
from the legislation that has taken place in
reference to the reconstruction of the rebel
States? Is it necessary now that we should
adopt this abstraction relating to all the States
of the Union, by which we put ourselves in the
position before the country of saying that at
any time, whenever it suits the views or inter-
ests of a party majority iu Congress, any State
of this Union may be deprived of its right to
vote for President or Vice President of the
United States? I say we expose ourselves to
this criticism at the hands of Our political
opponents, and it is a criticism that it will be
difficult to answer. It will afford anotherground
for assailing the policy of Congress. It will
be argued from one end of this country to the
other that the Congress of the United States,
not content with assuming absolute power over
(lie States which have been in rebellion, be-
cause they have' been in rebellion, are now
undertaking to assume a similar power over
all the States of the country.
I do not undertake to say that that is a sound
argument. I pronounce no opinion upon it;
but I say that we expose ourselves to that
charge, and it puts upon us the necessity of
explaining and defending this proposition
everywhere before the people. But if a law
is passed here that relates exclusively to the
rebel States, the people understand it and
know what it means, because we have hereto-
fore assumed and maintained the ground that
these States on account of their rebellion have
entitled Congress to exercise jurisdiction over
them and regulate the reorganization of the
State governments.
I think, therefore, that this amendment ought
not to be adopted. There is no necessity now
for providing that Congress may at any time
declare that the State of New York shall not
he entitled to representation in the Electoral
College or tM State of Pennsylvania or any
other State.®" Sufficient unto the day is the
evil thereof^ Let us confine our legislation
at this time, under existing circumstances, to
these rebel States, and not undertake to add
to the burdens that we have to carry this other
which is contained in this amendment. 1 hope,
Mr. President, that the amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. I am very anxious to come
to a vote upon the main proposition offered by
the Senator from Vermont. I will, therefore,
allow myself but a single moment of time to
speak upon the amendment offered by the
honorable Senator from New York.
I see no necessity whatever for so general
a statute on this subject. There is no necessity
for it, and as 1 said before, it seems to me to
be a gratuitous reflection upon the loyal States
who have carried the Government successfully
through this war ; and 1 protest, in the name
of ninety thousand brave men whom ray State
sent to the war and who did their duty gal-
lantly, and their parts in the great drama fully,
against this insult to their State, conveyed by
the very language of the amendment of the
Senator from New York, implying that there
is a danger that any of those loyal States will
hereafter embark in a rebellion against the
United States. Does the honorable Senator
fancv that his State will be guilty of this crime ?
He does not. Does he fancy that my State
will be thus guilty ; or that any one of the
loyal States is likely in the future to commit
this high offense ? If there is no such danger,
why reflect upon them this wanton insult?
Why accuse them, in the language of this
amendment, of being ready to embark into
rebellion? Sir, if this amendment shall pre-
vail, I am obliged to say here in my place that
I shall vote against the whole resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York.
Mr. CONKLING called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 18 ; as follows;
YEAS-Messrs.ConkUng,Cragin,Ferry,.Howe, Mc-
Donald. Morgan, Osborn. Patterson of fccw llamp-
?hire, Ramsey, lloss, Sherman, Stewart, ihayer,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. liuckalew, (Jattell, Chandler, Cole,
Comiess, Davis, Drake, Bdoiunds, Harlan, Howard,
MoUrecry, Morrill of Vermont.. Pomoroy, Upton,
Viekers, Wade, Weleh, and Williams—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Cmbott Dixon, Doolittle, Pessenden, jfcowler. Ire-
linghuy'sen. (irimes. Henderson, Hendricks, Morrill
of Maine. Morton, Norton, Njo, Patterson ot len-
nessee, Itice, Saulsbury, Sprague, Sumner, and
Yates—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to amend the joint
