3926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
resolution by striking out all after the word
"that,*' and inserting the amendment that I
offered in committee, and I ask for the read-
ing of it. My impression is, that if the Senate
will listen to the reading of it they will see
that it puts the language on abetter basis than
any other proposition that has been offered.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the resolution after the
enacting clause and to insert in lieu thereof:
That no State whose inhabitants were by the proc-
lamation of the President of the United States of
August 16,1861, declared to be in a state of insurrec-
tion shall be entitled to representation in the Elect-
oral College lor the ehoico of President and Vice
President of the United States, nor shall any elect-
oral vote bereeeivedorcounted from anysuch State,
unless, at the time prescribed by law for tho choice
of such electors, theStatcshall havcbecomo entitled
to representation in Congress under the reconstruc-
tion acts thereof, nor unless the electors shall have
been chosen under and by authority of a State gov-
ernment theretofore recognized by Congress as law-
ful and permanent, and not provisional.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 20 ; as follows :
YEAR—Messrs. Cragin, Drake, Ferry, IXarlan,
Howe. McDonald, Osborn, and Pomeroy—8.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cattell,
Chandler, Colo, Conkling,Conness, Davis,Edmunds,
Howard, McCrccry, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Kamsey, Ross,
Sherman, Stewart. Thayer, Tipton. Trumbull. Van
Winkle, Vickers, Wade, Welch, Willey, Williams,
and Wilson—29. k
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard. Cameron, Coibett,
Dixon, Doolittlc.Fessenden. Fowler,Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Morrill of Maine,
Moi ton, IN t>rton. Patterson of Tennessee, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Si>rague, Sumner, and Yatos—20.
So tlio amendment was rejected.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend the res-
olution by striking out all after the word " that"
in line three, down to and including the word
"not" in line five, and in lieu of those words
to insert "none of the States lately in rebel-
lion, and not now represented in Congress
shall;" so as to read:
That none of the States lately in rebellion and
not now represented in Congress shall bo entitled to
representation iu the Electoral College. Ac.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope this amendment
will be adopted. Many Senators have a seri-
ous objection to naming States which are now
represented here. This amendment embraces
all that were lately in rebellion, and are not
now represented. What objection can there
bo to it? There has been none stated. And
as for legislating to provide for a double elec-
tion in States which are represented in Con-
gress, it seems to me, to say nothing stronger,
to be an absurd proposition. It seems to me
to be looking for dangers that do not exist, to
be making windmills and then beating them
down. I am perfectly willing to vote for any-
thing that is agreed upon; but certainly there
can be no objection to this amendment, because
it includes in the provision all the States lately
in rebellion which are -not now represented in
Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must be pardoned for
saying one word in reply to the Senator from
Ohio. I do not wi^h to be thought captious
about this business, and I am sure I do not
feel so ; but now this proposition of the Sena-
tor from Nebraska is open to three distinct
and special objections that have been made to
other propositions which were substantially
like this and which were voted down, one
including West Virginia, another that I do not
remember on account of the haste in which it
was read. But I will say no more ; I do not
wish to take time.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the yeas and
nays 011 this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THAYER. It will be seen that this
amendment can have no reference whatever to
West Virginia. It provides for all the States
lately in rebellion except these now repre-
sented in Congress, and those who come in
hereafter will not be excluded from the Elect-
oral College. I do not see how any one can
object to it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Conkling, Conness, Cragin, Drake.
Ferry, Harlan, llowe, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill of
V ermont, Osborn, Patterson of New Ham pshire, Pom-
eroy,Ramsey, Ross, Sherman,Thayer.Tipton,Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Welch, Willey, and Williams 23.
N AY S—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew. Cattel 1, chan-
dler, Cole, Davis,Edmunds,Howard,MoCreery,Nye,
Stewart. Vickers, Wade, and Wilson—14.
ABSENT —Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Corbctt,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Fowler, Frehnghuysen,
Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Morrill ot Maine,
Morton, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Sprague, Sumner, and Yates—20.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to hear the
resolution reported as it is amended.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as
amended.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me suggest to the
mover of the last amendment that he may be
able to make an improvement in the language.
It reads now, "none of the States not now
represented."
Mr. DRAKE. "None of the States now
unrepresented," probably would be better.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to the Senator
from Nebraska to insert after the word "States''
the words " whose people were lately in rebel-
lion," because otherwise it leaves open the
same old doubt we have been disputing about
three years.
Mr. THAYER. The meaning is made per-
fectly plain by the first part of the amendment,
"and not now represented in Congress."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only suggest it to the
Senator. He may take it at his own risk.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I niovetostrike out the
last clause of the bill.
The words proposed to be stricken out were
read, as follows:
And such State shall have also become entitled to
representation in Congress, pursuant to the acts of
Congress in that behalf.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will state in a word
what I understand that to be. It requires not
only that the State shall be reorganized under
the reconstruction laws, but that representa-
tives shall be actually received by the two
Houses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a mistake. The
language is "entitled" not "admitted" "to
representation."
Mr. BUCKALEW. The question of tho
right under our recent legislation must be
determined by the two Houses in order to
come within the meaning of that clause.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; it has been determ-
ined by law.
Mr. BUCKALEW. These recent acts which
have been passed proved that the State shall
accept the amendment of the Constitution ;
they shall agree to certain fundamental condi-
tions, and then they shall be entitled to be
received in Congress ; and until an actual vote
is taken receiving them their votes will be
excluded under that clause. The prior part
of the bill provides for a full compliance by
the State with the requirements of the recon-
struction laws, but this additional clause will
require in my judgment, if I understand it at
all, that Senators and Representatives shall be
actually admit ted into Congress before the State
is allowed to vote.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. THAYER. I will suggest this modifi-
cation :
That none of the States whose inhabitants have
lately been in rebellion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mod-
ification will be made if there be no objection.
The Chair hears none.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be read, so thatwe
can understand just how it stands.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution, as
amended.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. There is an amend-
ment necessary in the first clause to make it
congruous. It should read "whose inhab-
itants were lately in rebellion, and which
Siates are not now represented," &c.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
amendment will be made, there being no
objection.
Mr. DRAKE. Thereisanother verbalchange
which ought to be made to put the resolution
in grammatical structure. It reads now, "that
none of the States whose inhabitants were
lately in rebellion, and which Slates are not
now represented in Congress shall be entitled
to representation in the Electoral College for
the choice of President or Vice President of
the United States; and no electoral votes shall
be received or counted from any of such
States," &c. I suggest that this latter clause
should read, "nor shall any electoral votesbe
received or counted from any of such States."
The PRESlDENTprotempore. Thatamend-
ment will be made, there being no objection.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
as follows:
liesolved by the Senate and Hov.sc of Representative*
of the United /States of America in Congress assembled.
That none of the States whose inhabitants were lately
in rebellion, and which States are net now repre-
sented in Congress, shall be entitled to representation
in the Electoral College tor the choicc of President
or Vice President of the United States, nor shall any
electoral votes be received or counted from any 01
such States, unless at the time prescribed by law for
the choice of electors the people of suck States, pur-
suant to tho acts of Congress in that behalf, shall
have, since the 4th day of March, 1867, adopted a
constitution of State government under wliieU a
State government shall have been organized a-nd_
shall be in operation, and unless such election of
electors shall have been held under the authoiity of
such constitution and government, and sueh Stato
shall have also become entitled to representation in
Congress, pursuant to the acts of Congress in that
behalf.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. BUCKALEW and Mr. ViCKERS
called for the yeas and nays, and they were
ordered ; and being taken, resulted—yeas 29.
nays 5 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony. Cattell,Chandler, Colcr,
Conkling. Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Harlan,
Howard, llowe, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill ot Ver-
mont, Nye, Osborn, Patterson ot New Hampshire,
Pomeroy, Kamsey, Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Thayer,
Van Winkle, Wade, Welch, Willey, and Wilson—29.
NAY'S — Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Henderson,
McCreery. and Vickers—5.
ABSENT —Messrs. Bayard, Cameron. Conness,
Corbett, Dixon. Dcolittle, Fessenden, Fowler. Fre-
linghuysen. Grimes, Hendricks. Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Sprague, Sumner,Tipton, Trumbull, Williams,
and Yates—23.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 1354 to provide for the distribution
of arms for the use of the militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
fkiday, July 10,1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was partially read,
when, on motion of Mr. ELA, the farther read-
ing was dispensed with.
PRINTING, BINDING, J5TC-.
Mr. ELA, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing bo in-
structed to inquire whether the Commissioner of
Patents has procured any printing, binding, or blank
books except at the Government Printing OtSee; and
if so from whom, what amount, and by whatauthor-
ity of law ; with power to send for persons and
papers.
Mr. ELA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and^ also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid oil
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT OF MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the motion pending at
the close of the session yesterday afternoon,
being the motion to lay on the table the mo-
