2902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
June6y
ing been adopted; and my honorable friend
from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] who is always
brave and true, reiterated the opinion, and
although he was ready to vote for it, it was his
opinion that that was the real state of the case
in the Senate; and many others followed.
When the debate had taken this turn my
fx-iend from Pennsylvania [Mr. BdckaijbwJ
rose and offered his arguments, and the Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] joined
him as usual. They said that this was in the
nature of a 'contract. Why, said the SenStor
from Indiana, several times, if not in this
debate heretofore, what did you mean by sub-
mitting the question to the people of Alabama
if you were not prepared to abide by their
decision? It was not for the purpose of
abiding by their decision that we submitted it;
it was for the purpose of developing a consti-
tution ; it was for the purpose of organizing
government; it was for tlie purpose of organ-
izing loyalty and allowing that fcjtate to be rep-
resented in this Chamber and to resume all
her practical relations with the Government.
Well, sir, in the process of submitting the
question, it happened that under our law,
unwisely passed, I think—I do not know how
I voted upon it, and I do not care; I think,
however, I voted against it—the requisite num-
ber of votes was not polled for the constitution
to result in its adoption. Does that bind this
Congress? Did we not make the law? May
we not amend it?
Have we not asserted from the beginning
our entire and complete power over this sub-
ject? Might we not have admitted Alabama
without the process that she took at all ? Might
we not have admitted Alabama, if w# chose
and deemed it worthy of us, under the so-called
Johnson constitution? Certainly. The power
was here; it abides here still; and we may
either amend or change the law, or act, not-
withstanding the law, as we shall see fit. Why ?
Because we represent the sovereign power of
this Government and people that maintained
the standard of the nation and the integrity of
us Government against rebellion, and because
we mean to hold iast to that position until the
entire work is done and well done. Sir, among
our friends that come to our house to meet
us, do we raise the question of who shall first
enter? Who that has a heart and a judgment
does not welcome all; and why should we not
welcome all?
I will give no time to the question of the
causes that led to the failure of the vote in
Alabama. It is enough that it technically
failed; but it is true, as stated by my honor-
able friend from Indiana near me, [Mr. Mor-
E0if,] that there were eighty odd thousand
votes cast for the constitution ; it is true that
they have made such a constitution as we
would choose that they should make; it is true
that they ask to be admitted, and that their
safety demands that they be admitted. If the
Senate will indulge me at this point, I will
read some dispatches just received from Ala-
bama. The first one is addressed to the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, who has
offered the amendment, and is in these words:
Montgomery, Alabama, June 6, 1868.
The loyalists of Alabama, with one voice, beg Sen-
ators to support your amendment.
Hon. Henry Wilson, United States Senate.
This is signed by more than half a dozen of
the leading men of'that State. I will read
another dispatch received to-day:
Montgomery, Alabama, June 6,1863.
BepuWicans are intensely anxious for the adop-
tion of Wilson's amendment.
Hon. E. M. Reynolds.
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania,
in this discussion, was almost facetious in his
attacks upon the reconstruction laws. It is
but what he has iterated and reiterated here
many times before, though he rarely repeats
himself; but the line of discussion has drawn
him into it. He said that the better way to
have done would have been to send an exact
pattern of a constitution down to these States,
a kind of a last upon which a political boot
should be made, and then we should have the
thing according to pattern. I do not know
whether his support of the pattern of that kind
sent by Andrew Johnson down into these States
when he made his celebrated proclamations,
put this in his head or not. I do not know
but that that pattern, which particularly and
prominently allowed every rebel to vote, so
pleased him that lie got the idea of pattern in
his head from that, and then said what he did
while up. ■
The only conditions that we imposed upon
the people of the South were conditions which
became necessary by their crimes and falsity
to good faith and loyalty. Why, sir, it was
preposterous that a local government could be
organized in any of those States after the
war by allowing the men who had laid down
their arms to take up the ballot and vote, and
they alone, under which this Government could
live, and it .was as impossible as that devils
.could reign in Heaven, and as unnatural.
Therefore it became necessary to put the bal-
lot in other hands; and the fault, the great
and grevious fault of reconstruction, has been
that the power of the Government from the
time the war ceased was not kept closely
applied to the rebels so that they should not
be let up until they were taught obedience to
law and to order, respect for property and life
and the rights of other men. But, sir, unfor-
tunately, in a day of the cruelest misfortune,
our President, elected by the party that we
represent here, determined to make a wide
difference with us. He determined to engage
in the business of reconstruction single-handed
—no, sir, not single-handed, butwitliouttheaid
of our hands, without the aid of the men who
had given him his power, but with the aid of
>tli£ rebels of the South, the Democrats of the
Trorth who had opposed the war, and the plun-
der-seeking Republicans, wherever they could
be found, to build up a party that should elect
him or some one like him for the next four years
President of the United States. That was what
he undertook to do, and that was why the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittlb] deserted
his party—I was going to say basely betrayed
it—and joined the President to do. Ah, Mr.
President, does any one think, can the Senator
make the simplest creature in the land believe,
that if the President had been true to his faith,
true to his trust to the people, true to his obli-
gations to the party that elected him, andgone on
with us, the Senator would have left him then?
Nay, sir, he would have clutched to his coat-
tails, he would have still followed the flesh-
pots of presidential patronage, and he would
have been here the loudest of the loud pro-
claiming for Johnson and reorganized, recon-
structed liberty in the South ; and we should
have had some of that physical eloquence that
he so often gives us specimens of here when,
with a pile-driving power, he drives down his
propositions beneath him, often smashing them
into pieces, and when, sir, he almost impiously'
—he will excuse my language, but the facts
justify it—intersperses his appeals to the Sen-
ate with appeals to Almighty God.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator pro-
fesses to be a Christian man, and has often told
us how much he reveres the Christian religion:
but, sir, he has joined idols; he has aban-
doned his faith ; lie has abandoned theprinci-
plesupon which Christianity is founded and for
which it was established in the world. If
Christianity, by its great Master and Teacher,
was not brought to men of the earth for the
purpose of defending the weak and lowly, for
the purpose of lifting them up in the scale of
being, for the purpose of teaching some of that
equality on earth which is certain in Heaven,
then, sir, I undertake to say for myself that it
is a deception and a snare. The Senator pro-
fesses the doctrine and violates it shockingly,
impiously, wickedly, at every turn. He rises
here and gives us dissertations ou the inequality
of men, the impossibility of the negro being the
equal of the Caucasian. Mr. President, the-
distinction was not made by their Maker. We
are not told that there are dividing places in
Heaven for classes and castes and colora and
shades. There is not a Christian church in the
world of all the denominations that does not
admit them to be upon the same plane; but
the Senator, while he boasts his Christianity,
violates its most sacred purposesand principles.
I was reminded yesterday when he had nearly
a mule's load of books around him, that there
was one which he might have added with
advantage to himself. 1 hold it in my hand.
It is a simple and old book. There are sup-
posed to be truths in it, and the honorable Sen-
ator professes to believe them. While he was
denouncing the inequality of men and boasting
it loudly, 1 opened it at a place where a man
who was known in his day and generation, and
is not forgotten yet, had spoken. His name
was Paul, and on an occasion when he met
the Athenians, who thought themselves the
greatest of all the earth, who boasted their
superiority and eloquence, and who called
every outsider a barbarian or an uncivilized
semi-barbarian—they were like the honorable
Senator in everything but that they were great
in art—Paul stood up among the Athenians
and spake thus:
"Then Paul stood in the midst of Mars' Hill and said,
' Yo men of Athens, Ipereeivethat in all thingyeare
too superstitious.'" * * - * *
" 'God that made the world, and all things therein,
seeing that he is Lord of heaven and earth, dwelleth
not in temples made with hands;
" 'Nei th er is worshipped with men's hands as though
he needed anything, seeing hegivetli to ali, life, and
breath, and all things;
" ' And hatti made of one blood all nations of men
or to dwelt on all the face of tho earth.'"
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Read the next sen-
Mr. CONNESS. The next sentence, Mr.
President, the honorable Senator can read,
and if he will read and study and pay attention
to the spirit as well as the letter, he will leave
the rotten faction and party that he has joined
and come back to the men who have heart and
blood and courage in advocacy of human right.
But there is another thing the Senator is in
the habit of doing when he speaks here; and
I have heard him do it I may say a hundred
times. He calls up that great and beloved
man now gone, our late President, as a witness,
and he makes him responsible again and again
for this vilest plan to organize rebellion polit-
ically. Sir, the man who left his residence
when his health was failing him and went down
to the front and witnessed the proceedings
during the last ten days of the existence of the
armed forces of rebellion, had his heart and his
soul in his country's cause too deeply to ever
trust one of the men who was on the other
side in that conflict. It is true that he was a
generous and charitable man, and, like us,
would not use unnecessary severity againstany
person whatever, not even against his active
enemies. But think you, sir. that if he had
lived he would not have guarded with jealous
care and fidelity, and organized the patriotism
of the country, and preserved its Government
so as to make it impossible to be again attacked
so successfully as it had been? Ko man can
doubt that.
The honorable Senator has treated us time
and again to what he has called the "Lincoln-
Johnson policy." " Lincoln-Johnson !" I
have hearu that a great many times from him.
He used to come up here with a hand-organ
and grind out ad libitum ''the Lincoln-John-
son policy;"' but if Johnson had stayed with
us he had never turned musician 1 I do not
know what the honorable Senator's mission is,
whether it is music, statesmanship, theology,
or what not. 1 may have something to say
about that by and by.
He has a habit here, too, of speaking of the
elections whenever through any cause whatever
I in any part of the country there is a seeming
i triumph of the party that he has now joined,
i but be will permit me to say, does not honor,
! for deserters always have a character, and it
