1878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Improvements in machinery for reducing the
ore shall progress. The value of gold, like
that of potatoes, is measured by the quantity
of labor which at any given time is required to
produce it. No matter how much toil may
have been expended in procuring and bringing
to market an ounce of gold, it may be a thou-
sand years ago—for it is the most indestructi-
ble of metals—it will buy no more labor than
is required to produce an equal quantity at the
titne it is offered in exchange. If there is any-
thing certain in this world, it is that the real
cost of any commodity or chattel, whether it is
gold or clapboards, that is, the human labor
required to produce it, is continually decreas-
ing, and must continually decrease. The prog-
ress of civilization consists in throwing off labor
from human muscles and putting it upon nat-
ural agents, like water and steam, that work
for nothing when you have once provided the
machinery for them to work with. Every new
machine cheapens the construction of every
other, and we have only begun to see how nu-
merous and powerful and cheap they are to be.
For this reason it is sure as death that the
longer we postpone the payment of our debt
the less trouble will it cost our children to pay
it. This would be true if our posterity, thirty
years hence, were to be no more numerous than
we are to-day, and were to have no more ac-
cumulated capital than we have—simply be-
cause they will have better machinery, and work
to better advantage. The burden of a debt de-
pends not upon the property a nation has already
amassed, but upon its productive power—its
daily and yearly surplus earnings—and that is
why we bear taxation such as the world never
saw with so little difficulty. The average
American man earns more—by which I mean,
does and produces more, spends more, and
lias more left, twice over, than the average
man of any other nation that the sun shines
upon. I shall return to this point directly,
and show that the present rate of taxation is
unprofitable and vexatious. My point now is,
and it applies as well to any future funding of
our debt as to the special loan I propose to
contract—that the longer it has to run the
easier it will be to pay it. Fortunately, the
policy of capitalists coincides in this respect
with the interests of the nation, as a borrower.
What they desire is an investment of secured
permanence—the longer it is to last the better
they like it, and the more premium they will
pay for it.
A comparison of the valuation of products
and property in the census of 1850 and 1860,
shows the fact that the wealth of the loyal States
increased in those ten years over one hundred
and twenty per cent. It required nothing less
than our gigantic war' to teach us how enor-
mous our resources had become. We had no
idea of our strength lill we put it to the test.
The people, as a whole, paid for the war as it
went along. They furnished the labor, the
food, the munitions, military and naval, and
the materials of all kinds, without borrowing a
stiver from foreign nations till after the war
was over. 1 firmly believe we were richer at
the end of it—that is, the loyal States—than
we were at the beginning. Not that war makes
us rich, but that the annual surplus of produc-
tions more than .met the annual drain. I am
willing to admit that the burden of our debt,
under such a system of internal taxation as
we have borne, may call upon us to accept a
smaller estimate for the future rate of increase
in national wealth than that which was realized
in the ten years before the war. Throw off
twenty per cent, on this account—and that
alone is sufficient to extinguish the debt in the
first ten years. We are then authorized to ex-
pect that the wealth of the nation will double
itself every ten years. In twenty years it will
four times ; in thirty years it will be eight
times as much as it is now. This estimate was
made by Mr. Wells, the Special Commissioner
of the Revenue, and vindicated in a pamphlet
entitled "Our Burden and Our Strength," pub-
lished and widely circulated in 1864. Whether
it is precisely accurate or not, it sufficiently
proves that our wealth increases much more
rapidily than our population, and that to be
in a hurry to cancel our debt would be as un-
wise as to stunt a rapidly-growing child by
putting a man's work upon him.
I think that it will be soon enough if we pay
off the debt during the present century. Inde-
pendent of the decrease in the value of gold,
for which twenty-five per cent, is a moderate
estimate, the debt will be but one eighth of the
load upon our children at the close of the year
18',)9, that it is upon us to-day.
Do not suppose, sir, that I would postpone
the payment of all the debt to that day. On
the contrary, I think we should provide for its
steady reduction, paying something toward the
principal every year. But I think our contri-
butions should be comparatively small at first,
and that they should rise in proportion to the
increasing ability of the people. The debt
ought to be so arranged that some portion
should be made redeemable at our pleasure
annually. We should not promise to pay ab-
solutely, but reserve the option of paying if
we think proper. This is the mode in which
the debts of all the great nations of Europe are
payable. One effect would be, that if we should
have, at any time, a considerable surplus of
revenue, we could apply it in buying up that
portion of the debt becoming redeemable in a
year or two, and which, for that reason, would
bear but a small premium. We do not want
to repeat an operation which occurred shortly
before the war, when we paid a premium of
twenty-two per cent, for our bonds bearing
six per cent, interest, and in eighteen months
afterwards borrowed the money back again at
twelve per cent. It is a great deal better to
retain the power to continue an existing loan
than to be exposed to the necessity of going
into the market, upon au emergency, to con-
tract a new one.
I have given some of the reasons why it is
economical for the Government—looking at it
merely as a corporation—to be in no great haste
to extinguish our war debt. But the chief
reason remains to be stated. Every cent that
is taken from the pockets of the people in the
shape of taxes to pay a debt bearing live or six
per cent, interest is diverted from its most
profitable employment to a less profitable one.
Especially is this true with what is taken from
the masses of our countrymen, the persons of
very small capital. To the rich it makes little
difference. Men of large capital usually get
small interest for it, and it would be no par-
ticular loss or hardship to them if, instead of
continuing to pay interest on their share of
the debt, they were called upon to pay off the
principal at once. All they have to do is to
buy such an amount of Government bonds that
the coupons will meet their Federal taxes, and
the thing is done. It is, in that case, a matter
of no consequence whether they continue to
receive the income with one hand and pay it
back to the tax-gatherer with the other, or
should say, " This is double trouble ; we might
as well surrender the bonds to the Treasury—
get rid in that way of our share of the national
debt, and stop the taxes and the income to-
gether."
But the great mass of our people are those
who are working and saving to get together a
little capital in tools, machinery, or raw ma-
terial, to render their industry more productive.
To them, money is worth more than five or six
per cent., because its use in the shape of land
or tools or materials enables them to apply
their labor with a larger profit. What is their
profit is also the proiit of the whole commu-
nity. It is this class, the class that wants to
borrow capital, not the class that wants to lend
it, that does the most to increase the wealth of
the nation. To put this in a simple shape,
consider the difference in the earnings of a mail
who can have the help of a horse, and the man
who cannot. What rate of interest is it on the
cost of a horse that he cannot profitably pay?
Now, every cent you take from him in the
shape of taxes postpones the day when he can
pay for a horse and postpones the day when he
can pay the tax with least loss to himself, and
with least disadvantage to the public. It is too
plain to talk about, that it is the interest of the
nation—just as it is of the individual, that lie
should have the tools to work with as quick as
possible. Every day that the nation keeps him
out of them by unnecessary taxation it keeps
itself from advancing in wealth as it might do.
It was bccause our people had, up to the time
of the rebellion, been substantially free from
any taxation by the General Government that
their wealth had grown so rapidly as to be a
marvel to themselves.
We must get back to that condition, of not
feeling taxation, as soon as possible for the
sake of enhancing our resources as rapidly as
possible. For the past half century, since the
close of the war growing out of tlie French
.Revolution, in which the British national debt
rolled up to its present enormous figure, the
statesmen of that kingdom have acted steadily
upon the principle I have stated. They have
never troubled themselves about providing for
the principal of their enormous debt in any
other way than letting the people grow rich.
Whenever the revenue produces a surplus for
a year or two, after paying the current expenses
of the Government, including interest, they get
rid of that surplus by abolishing or diminish-
ing some tax that bears most severely on the
producing masses. In a year or two more the
increasing property of the kingdom again gives
a surplus, and another tax is cut down or taken
off altogether. Such has been the history of
the past fifty years. The result has been that
in forty-two years, from 1816 to 1858,while the
debt was only reduced from $4,200,000,000 to
$3,900,000,000, or the proportion of thirty-
nine to forty-two, the property of the kingdom
had so increased that the debt which in 1816
would have been a charge of thirty-seven and
one half per cent, on the whole private wealth
of Great Britain was but thirteen and four
tenths per cent, on the property of 1858. In
other words, the burden had diminished to one
third its former relative weight.
Now, while our progress is so much more
rapid than that of Great Britain as to strengthen
immensely the argument for following her ex-
ample, I do not propose it for imitation to the
extent of postponing the redemption of our
debt to an indefinite future. All 1 ask is that
we should not needlessly clog our national
energies by maintaining oppressive taxation
upon the class of industrious men with small
means for the sake of being able to contract
short loans at a small premium, if any, when
we can borrow the money to fund our debt at
a large premium if we will only agree to keep
the loan long enough.
There was some sense in paying off our debt
with unexampled rapidity in the hrst two years
succeeding the close of the war, for the pur-
pose of fortifying our credit by demonstrating
to foreign nations the ability and the willing-
ness of our people to bear enormous taxes.
That purpose has been answered. It is dan-
gerous to continue the process after the neces-
sity has passed. We can afford to look at the
question now with the view of ascertaining
what is the best and the most economical
course for ourselves, and, therefore, in the
long run, gives the best security to public cred-
itors. We may cease to trouble ourselves with
any discussion as to whether the public debt
shall be paid in coin or greenbacks, for long
before we ought to pay the principal the green-
backs will be more desirable than gold.
Finally, sir, the fifth and last section of my
bill provides that when the legal-tender notes
are reduced to one hundred millions they shall
be payable in gold and receivable for Juties,
but may be reissued in payment of dc:nands
against the Government to such persons as de-
sire them. As the Government is the greatest
debtor and the greatest creditor in the country,
its obligations, if they contained no promise to
pay otherwise than by being received in pay-
ment of public dues, would always be ingreat
request from their being so much more con-
venient than gold'. No merchant wants to pay
