3*8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
[July I,
Ho. of Reps.
Purchase of Alaskor—'Mr. Shellabarger.
40th Cong....2d Sjkss.
Constitution cannot be construed to authorize a de-
struction of other powers given in the same instru-
ment."
The other I take from the words of Judge
McLean, (5 McLean 344,) in speaking of a
treaty attempting to appropriate money. "A
foreign Government" (in treating with ours)
" may be presumed.to know that the power of
appropriating money belongs to Congress."
JMow, let us assume that these two proposi-
tions are not the law, and- that the President
aud Senate, as the repositories of the treaty-
making power, can complete and make per-
fect and pepetually binding,'as "the supreme
law of the land," any treaty;they inay choose
to make with any nation touching any public
affair affecting our relations with foreign Gov-
ernments and their, people, what is the plain
$ijd inevitable i^egult to which this would bring
us? Plainly it would overthrow the Constitu-
tio.ji&nd the representative character of our
Government, itself.
Assume that the people and their Represent-
atives, when called upon under other parts of
the. Constitution than that creating the treaty
power, to enact laws executing such treaties
as the President mid Senate have deemed fit to
make, dare not judge whether these laws are
fit to be made, or, on the other hand, fatal to
the Republic, and you self-evidently not only
strike from the Constitution all these parts
which confide the making of such laws to the
Representatives, but you do worse; you com-
pel the law-makers first to take oaths to support
the Constitution aud then compel them to over-
throw it by forcing them to become the mere
clerks or puppets of the President in making
every law which may be promised and con-
tracted for by any treaty he may make, how-
ever monstrously destructive it may be* of all
the interests of the people or of the powers of
their Representatives. If you, sir, reply that
it is not such monstrous, but only proper and
constitutional treaties which the President is
permitted to make, you give up the whole mat-
ter in issue, and I agree with you. But when
a treaty is Such that it requires for its execu-
tion, or in its execution affects the laws which
by the.Constitution Congress only can make,
then iu making every such law it is the Con-
gress to which the Constitution intrusts the
making of that law, which by the Constitution
is compelled to decide whetner these parts of
the treaty which can only receive their life from
enactments of law are proper and constitu-
tional parts of a treaty, and, as such, fit to be
carried out by law. Let us now apply to our
Constitution the doctrine that Congress is com-
pelled to make laws to execute every treaty,
however improper to be made.
By the Constitution Congress alone has
power to declare war. But suppose the Pres-
ident aud Senate conclude with France a
treaty, offensive and defensive, stipulating that
whenever France shall be in war with Great
Britain, then the United States will also make
war on Great Britain, and that, supplies for
such war shall he voted by Congress! Would
such treaty compel tis to pass such law and
declare such war? By the Constitution Con-
gress alone can grant letters of "marque"
and make rules concerning "captures on land
and water." Suppose the President and Sen-
ate conclude with England a treaty that Con-
gress shall issue in any war with England no
letters of marque or reprisal, nor make any
rules permitting captures of English com-
merce, and should stipulate for laws executing
these terms of the treaty ; would Congress be
compelled to enact the law that in all future
wars with England there should be neither
"reprisals" nor "captures?" By the Consti-
tution Congress alone can assent to a State's
making war on a foreign State. Suppose a
treaty by the President and Senate stipulates
with Mexico that California may engage with
Mexico iu a war for the joint acquisition of
what the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] tells us we must have, the Sandwich
Islands, and that Congress shall vote $100,-
000,000 to aid California in this war! Can, the
President and Senate, by such treaty, compel
us, as part of Congress, to "consent " to such
a war and to pass, such appropriation ? By
the Constitution Congress alone has the power
to "lay duties" upon the importation of the
productions of othfjr nations, and Congress
alone .can consent to the laying of duties by
any State on imports or exports. Suppose
the President and Senate make with China a
treaty that her productions shall be forever
admitted into the United States on a duty of
five per cent., and that Congress shall change
our tariff laws to conform to this treaty; are
we compelled, willingor unwilling, to so change
the law ? Or suppose the President and Sen-
ate agree with France that New York may
forever protect her industry by levying upon
French goods a duty of one hundred per cent.,
is Congress compelled by this treaty to "con-
sent" (as it may) to this duty,in favor.of New
York alone?
Congress alone has power to raise and sup-
port armies and maintain navies, but even Con-
gress can appropriate money for such support
for no longer term than two years. Suppose that
the President and Senate by treaty agree with
England that we will maintain on our northern
frontier, for the preservation of order and
during twenty years, an army of fifty thousand
men, at an annual expense of $100,000,000, is
the Congress thereby compelled to "raiseand
to support" this army and to " appropriate "
these moneys and for this term " longer than
two years?" By the Constitution all bills to
raise revenue must " originate " in this House,
and the only power of the Senate over them is
to amend them. Now, suppose the President
and Senate conclude a treaty with Russia that,
for the purchase of her Asiatic possessions,
which the chairman [Mr. Banks] is already
coquetting with, and persuading us to covet
because we can go there from our New Russia
" in two days in open boats," we will assess
upon our people and pay to Russia a revenue
of $1,000,000 each year for one hundred years,
is this House forecd by this act of the Presi-
dent and Senate to "originate" such a rev-
enue bill. By the Constitution Congress only
can borrow money on the credit of the United
States. But could the President, by treaty,
borrow of England the moneys to pay our pub-
lic debt and compel Congress to pay ten per
cent, interest therefor, because the treaty stipu-
lated for ten per cent.? By the Constitution
Congress alone can establish uniform rules of
naturalization and admit new States into the
Union, but could the President, by treaty, pur-
chase all of the dominions of the Hottentots
and agree that the Hottentots should, despite
our naturalization laws and the exclusive pow-
ers of Congress to admit new States, become
at once citizens of the United States and anew
State of Hottentot, voters "in the Union?"
By the Constitution Congress alone can regu-
late commerce with foreign nations. But could
the President and Senate, by treaty, compel
Congress to vacate all its power over com-
merce with foreign nations, and to either admit
that commerce to come into our country free,
or to be abolished entirely, or to be carried
only in foreign ships, or to be subjected, in
foreign ports, to ruinous levies; or whatever
else the President and Senate might please?
If it be said that the cases I have supposed
are extreme, and therefore prove nothing, I
reply that they are, in their facts, no more
extreme than the one now before the House,
in which the President, the first time in our
history, has asf,umed to purchase the territo-
ries of a foreign State, territories far separate
from our own, to make their wretched inhab-
itants citizens of the United States, and with-
out the as'sent of the people or their Repre-
sentatives, to tax them millions of dollars to
pay for these remote and frozen regions! No
case, I submit, can, as a usurpation of the
rights of this House, be more extreme than
that one with which we now deal, w,{iere the
President assumes first to acquire foreign -ter-
ritory, the power of the whole Government to
do whioh-was once denied; by which he as-
sumes to acquire lands far removed from our
shores; by which he assumes the powers of
Congress over the naturalization of their peo-
ple ; by which he assumes to compel this House
to .originate bills to raise revenues to pay for
these lands, and by which he appropriates by
treaty from the Treasury moneys of the peo-
ple, which can only be done "by law."
I have referred to so many parts of the Con-
stitution to enforce the absurdity of the claim
that the President and Senate can, through
treaties and by pledging the national faith,
compel from Congress whatever laws they may
choose to covenant, for touching our foreign
affairs, not because so many makes the absurd-
ity more plain than it is made by the one
with which we deal to-day, for they do not ajfd
could not. But I refer to them all to show
where the sanction of this one strange and
startling usurpation, if submitted to by this
House, will lead us to, and how complete the
ruin of the Republic and the overthrow of its
Constitution will be, if, by sanctioning this act
of wrong against our representative Govern-
ment, we declare a rule aud begin a policy
the consequences of which the examples 1 have
appealed to but faintly indicate. I implore
you. Representatives of a free people, if this
policy must here begin, and this treaty must
be executed by us, that you give your act such
expression and form as that it cannot be con-
strued into ail affirmance of such a rule, and
that it will not be the introduction of such
policies and ruins as these!
No, Mr. Chairman, no. What I have been
contending against is not our law. That simple
and universal rule for attaining the sense of
every instrument which all the world recog-
nizes and employs, and which requires all the
parts of the instrument to be considered in
construing each one, furnishes us, instantly,
on its application here, the meaning of ihe
Constitution upon the extent and limitations
of the President's and Senate's treaty power.
That meaning and rule is that, touching our
foreign affairs, the President and Senate can
make and finally ratify all treaties which, by
their terms, do not involve or affect matters
over which the other parts of the Constitution
have given the control to Congress or to some
other part of the Government. But, whenever
a treaty does, in any of its parts, stipulate for
that, the doing or not doing of which the Con-
stitution has intrusted to the decision of Con-
gress, then that part of the treaty so stipulating
is iucohate and not binding upon the Govern-
ment nor a pledge of its faith until assented
to by some action of Congress. And, to adopt
here the language of Judge McLean, the Gov-
ernments who treat with ours are " presumed
to know " that such treaties are incomplete
until fully approved by Congress.
But, Mr. Chairman, 1 go on ; and to make
here the assurance doubly sure that, on tiiis
stupenduously important question 1 rightly
announce our constitutional law, I appeal to
those who made the Constitution and to those
to whom, throughout its history,- we have
looked for its just interpretation.
And. sir. fir.it of all 1 prefer to bring before
this House him v,i,o waa most illustrious in
first giving to the Constitution, in ali its parts,
those interpretations which more than all
other aids beside, have helped to make that
great instrument throughout harmonious, just,
| benetieient, and enduring ; 1 mean Chief Justice
I Marshall.
I in Foster vs. Neilson, (2 Pet. 248,) he says:
; '' Our Constitution declares a treaty to be the law
I of the bind. It I* con>equently to 1)0 regarded in
i; fvuiis of J u^ticr as equivalent to on aet ot itie Legi*-
'' tnfure whenever it operate* of wirb'mt tha fliu
of any iegudaitve |irori<ion. Bat wli ue\*«r the
