1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Shdlabargcr.
Ho. of Beps
terns of the stipulation import a contract where
either the parties engage to perform apartieular act,
the treaty addresses itself to the political, not to the
judicial department, and the .Legislature must exe-
cute the contract before it can become a mle for the
court."
Next I cite the father of the Constitution,
Mr. Madison. He made a powerful speech, in
favor of the resolution adopted during Wash-
ington's administration, and for which he,
along with fifty-six others, voted. (See AnnaW
of Congress of April, 1796, page 782.) The fol-
lowing is the resolution for which Madison and
his compeers voted:
44 liesolved, That it being declared by the second
section of the rfceoml article of the Constitution 'that
the 1'residcnt shall have power, by and *?ith the
tidvice of the Senate, to mako treaties, provided two
thirds of the Senate present concur,' the House of
.Representatives do not claim any agency in making
treaties; but that when a treaty stipulates regula-
tions on any of the subjects submitted by tho Consti-
tution to the powor of Congress it must depend for its
execution as to such stipulations on a law or laws to
be passed by Congress. And it is the constitutional
light and duty of the House of Representatives, in
all such cases, to deliberate on the expediency or
inexpediency of carrying such treaty into effect, and
to determine and act thereon as in their judgment-
may be most conducive to the public good."
Next, I call your attention to the author of
the Declaration of Independence, Mr. Jeffer-
son. In his letter to Giles (Jefferson's Works,
vol. four, page 125) it will be found that he
says:
" I ara well pleased with the manner in which your
House have testified their sense of the treaty, Ran-
dolph seems to have hit the true theory of our Con-
stitution; that when a treaty is made involving mat-
ters confided by the Constitution to the three branches
of the Legislature conjoin tly, the Representatives are
as fiee as the President and Senate were, to consider
whether thenationalinterestrequircsor forbids their
giving the force and forms of law to the articles over
which they have power."
Mr. Randolph declares that—
"Where a treaty is made involving matters con-
fided by the Constitution to Congress, the Represent-
atives are as free as the President or the Senate were
to consider whether the national interests requires
or forbids their giving the forms and force of law to
the articles over which they have this power."
I next beg the attention of the House and
country to the declared law of the country as
it has stood ever since 1796, expressed in a
resolution of this House, and which gives ex-
press notice to all the nations which treat with
us touching matters depending for their per-
formance upon the action of Congress, in these
words:
" That it is the constitutional right and duty of the
House of Representatives, in all such cases, to delib-
erate on the expediency or inexpediency of carrying
such treaty into effect, and to oet thereon as in their
judgment may be most conducive to the public
good."
I next beg the attention of the House to the
language of Judge Tucker (Commentary on
Blackstone, 889) upon this question, where he
carefully states the law upon this important
matter. He says:
" It tuny not be improper here to add something on
the subject of that part of our Constitution which
declares that treaties made by the President and
Senate shall be a part of tho supreme law of tbo
land. Acts of Congress, made pursuant to tho pow-
ers delegated in tho Constitution, are to be regarded
in the same light. What, then, is the effect oi a
treaty made by the President and Senate, sorneoi the
articles of which may contain stipulations on legis-
lative objects, or such as are expressly vested m Con-
gress by the Constitution, until Congress shall make
a law carrying them into effect? Is Congress bound
to carry si^h stipulations into cffect, whether they
approve or disapprove ot them ? Have they no nega-
tive, no discretion upon the matter? ihc answer
seems to be that it is in some respects an inchoate
act. It is the law of the land, and binding upon tho
nation in all its parts, except so, far a? relates to
those stipulations. Its final fate, m case of a refusal
on the part of Congress to carry these stipulations
mJ) eiToot, would depend on the will ot trie other
n.itMi). If they were satisfied that the treaty should
•.uV-isf-, although some of the original stipulations
Oiiould not bo fulfilled on our part, rhe whole, except
tuooostiyulaiions embracing legislative objects,might
u-uiiiin a treaty. Bat. if the other nation chose not to
be bound, they would be at liberty to say so, and tbo
treaty would be defeated. A contrary construction
would 1 end or the uoivcr of the President and Senate
paramount to (hatot (he whole Congress even upon
those subteeis ut(on vvhieh eveu brunch of Congress
ic, by the'Con. tuution, required to deliberate, kt
it be supposed, for example, that the President and
Senate should stipulate, by treaty, -with any foreign
nation, that in case of a war between that nation
and any other the United States should immediately
doclare war ag tinst that nation, can it be supposed
that such a treaty would so far be the law of the land
as to take from tho Ilouse of Representatives their
constitutional right to deliberate on the expediency
or inexpediency of such a declaration of war, and to
determine and act thereon, according to their own
judgment?"
I sum up all tlie legal propositions winch I
maintain iu regard to tlie matter now before
us in the language of McLean, from wliicli I
have already read, and which is as follows:
"A treaty is the supreme law of the land only
when the treaty-making power can carry it into
effect.
"A treaty which stipulates for the payment of
money undertakes to do thatwhich the treaty-mak-
ing power cannot do; therefore the treaty is nottho
supreme law of the land.
"To givo it effect tho action of Congress is neces-
sary. And in this action the Representatives and
Senators act on their own judgment and responsi-
bility, and not on the judgment and responsibility
of tho treaty-making power.
"A foreign Government maybe presumed to know
the power of appropriating money belongs to Con-
gress.
"No act of any part of the Government can be
held to be a law which has not all the sanctions to
mako it law."
Mr. Chairman, itis from these considerations
that I conclude our national faith has not been,
as it could not be, pledged to Russia that we
would appropriate these millions. I conclude
the votes we may cast upon appropriating
these moneys places us in precisely the same
condition as Senators with regard to their votes
in ratifying the treaty. I understand the chair-
man of the committee to concede that. I am
not permitted to defend myself before my con-
stituents by saying, "The President and the
Senate fastened this treaty upon us." They
will point me to the provisions of the Constitu-
tion, to the authorities of all the eminent men
who have spoken upon the subject. They will
say, '' No; as a member of the House you were
as free as were Senators; and in voting to carry
out this treaty you voted to impose upon your
district $150,000 to be raised by taxation to pay
for Alaska ice."
We are, in the sense of the Constitutional
least, responsible for this appropriation in tlie
same sense we would beif this bill were brought
before us, as in the case of some other ter-
ritorial acquisitions before the ratification of
the treaty. And I am of the opinion, if the
question here presented to us were, not, only
in its legal sense, but also as a matter of fact,
whether we should enter upon negotiations for
suce a treaty as this, it would have lew votes
on this side of the House. 1 need not repeat
what was so singulary well stated by the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. Price,] who I was so
glad to hear speak as he did as to what is the
paramount duty of the hour. I allude to the
overwhelming necessity for the most unscrup-
ulous economy. If it were the last thing I had
to say in the hearing of ray fellow members it
would be just to say our people demand ot us,
and if they cannot have it from us, they will
have it from our successors, the most^rigid,
unscrupulous, unrelenting economy. '-I'hat is
not because our people are not liberal. They
are proverbially liberal; nay, lavish ; but it has
just come to pass, on account of this most
stupendous rebellion from which we have just
escaped, we are the most indebted, consider-
ing our rates of interest, and the most taxed
people on the globe; that we are overwhelmed
with taxation, and the result of all that can be
said on that subject is that the necessity for
this economy is imperative.
The only other suggestion I wish to make is
in regard to what seems to control the votes of
the larger portion of members than any other,
and that is what has been stated by the. gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. BaxksJ and
also by the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr.
1)onxi-.li,y,] that this acquisition will bring to
us the intervening British territory, which will
lie btiwten the upper and nether millstones.
Mr. Chairman, if there is anything that has
been recognized as controlling law in the
dealings with each other of two great nations
it is that whatever art or skill may be toler-
ated in dispatches and literature of the diplo-
mats of the two nations there must be that
directness and that fair play which men in the
actions of these nations toward each other
denominate by the -tfrord "honor." A great
nation, proud of its power, its resources, its
impending destiny, cannot afford to omit to be
proud also of its honor. And, sir, the action
of that nation is not honorable which seeks
by sinister and covered indirections to attain
an unfriendly end as against a nation with
which we are on terms of friendship. Now,
sir, what is said about this Alaska purchase
putting British territory between the upper and
nether millstones either means nothing at ail
or else it means thpt by this means and these
indirections we mean to constrain Great Brit-
ain to surrender these territories to us on
terms on which we could not get it did we not
have Alaska. The gentleman means by this
process of "squeezing" between the tipper
and lower jaw, as he expressed it, to secure
this territory by indirection, or it does not rneau
anything.
Mr. DONNELLY.^ I will simply say that
I contemplated nothing more than that the
large American population south of it and the
large American population north of it, with
the slight hold that England has on that coun-
try, will eventually gravitate into our hands.
Mr. SHELLABARGEIt. I will finish the
remark I was about to make, and then allude
to what the gentleman has said._ I sajf.if the
acquisition of British America is to be open,
fair, direct, honest, the acquisition cannot be
aided by the fact that we own Alaska beyond it.
If our colony in Alaska is not to be the base
of unfriendly acts against. England, then the
intervening British land will not, as a purchase,
be cheapened to us by the I'act that we have
made it valuable by having what we are assured
must soon be a prosperous and populous State
"on ice" beyond these British lands. But if
we do not piopose to buy of England these
lands, but to constrain England by the process
of grinding between two millstones, I beg gen-
tlemen to remember first that we deal with
Great Britain, and that Great Britain has not
been in the habit of yielding her territories
under constraint.
But gentlemen suggest that we are going to
get a population there so large that it will
invite intervening population. Now, I submit
to the common sense of everybody whether
there is anything in that. I suspect there will
be 110 population there such as will invite inter-
vening population. That never will be real-
ized, from the inevitable laws ot nature that
have fixed icebergs there, notwithstanding the
letters of the correspondent of the New York
Herald and the old prophecies of French
reviewers, of which the gentleman trom Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Basks] tells us.
But if there were a population there, I beg
to know whether it can ever be supposed that
a state of things will occur so inviting to the
migration of our people beyond forty-nine de-
giees into that country, as exists now in rcgaid
to those British lands that are far nearer to us
Near my own State they comedown almost to
my own doors. There is a vast country of in\ it-
ing fertility and cheapness, under British rule,
it is true. But still there is a vast country there,
fields almost illimitable in extent and almost
inexhaustible in fertility, and yet our people uo
not go there now. Why? Because itis not their
country. Will gentlemengetup hereandsay our
people will go to aconntry inter;eningbetween
Alaska and the United States, while it. its-
mains British country, and yet admit t.iat. they
will not go into the nearer and more luuuug
country at the very doors of our densest popu-
lations ? Surely nothing was ever more utterly
visionary than this.
