1868.
yELE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
constitutions and laws, and ratified the amend-
ment of the Federal Constitution which abol-
ished slavery throughout the United States.
They rehabilitated their State governments in
the Union and under the Constitution, chose
their Senators and Representatives and sent
them to Congress for admission, and asked to
have alt their powers, rights, and privileges
under the Constitution as component parts of
the Unite 1 Siates. This has been sternly and
persisteutly refused them by the dominating
party.
Judge Swayne should have known that the
thirteenth amendment was proposed, not by a
majority of two thirds of both Houses of the
Congress of the United States, but that a fac-
tion had exscinded about one third of each
House to enable them to pass it; and that the
proposition was not made to the nation but to
the States, and not to conventions of the peo-
ple of the States but to their Legislatures, and
by Congress. Instead of vaporing about what
the nation had done by this meretricious amend-
ment he should have held it to be no part of
the Constitution, because it had not been
passed by two thirds of both Houses of Con-
gress.
But, Mr. President, I will now concede for
argument that the thirteenth amendment is a
valid part of the Constitution, and proceed to
examiue the question whether it confers on
Congress the power to pass the civil rights
bill.
The opinion quotes its second section:
"Congress shall have power to enforce this article
by appropriate legislation."
And this provision of the Constitution:
"Congress shall have power to make all laws which
shall be uccessary and proper for carrying into exe-
cution the foregoing powers, and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in the Government of the
United Status, or any Department or ofliccr thereof."
The opinion, then, distinctly states that
Congress has, under this last clause of the
Constitution, the same power over the whole
subject of the first section of the thirteenth
amendment that is conferred upon it by the
second section, and therefore coucludeskthat
this second gave no additional power and was
unnecessary. The first section is, then, to be
considered in connection with all the other
provisions of the Constitution, and as though
there was no second section.
The first section: "Neither slavery nor
involuntary servitude, except as a punishment
for crime, whereof the party shall have been
duly convicted, shall exist within the United
States, or any place subject to their jurisdic-
tion," has, first, the expressed immediate effect
to liberate all slaves in the United States, and
Becond, gives an implied guarantee that slavery
shall not be reestablished in them. The opinion
gives this construction of the first section, but
in language more rhetorical than judicial; and
it admits that no legislation is necessary to
execute the first purpose of the section, which
is clear and incontrovertible. Upon that sec-
tion becoming a part of the Constitution it
executed itself in the abolition of slavery, and
no law which Congress could devise would have
given it a prompter or fuller effect in doing that
work.
Then, according to the construction of the
thirteenth ameudmeut given by Judge Swayne,
and which is certainly the true one, its only
purpose and effect for which any law would be
required, or could possibly assist, is to prevent
the reestablishment of slavery in the United
States. What was the slavery which for the
present was abolished and for the future pro-
hibited by that amendment? Slavery is that
condition in which one person is the property
of another, subject to his will and bound to
render him service; and emancipation is such
deliverance of the slave from that condition
that he ceases to be the property of his owner,
or subject to his will, or bound to render him
service, and becomes his own man. This has
been slavery and emancipation in the Colonies
first, and then in the States, l'or more than two
hundred years.
From the beginning the Colonies, and then
the States, always had laws allowing owners
to manumit their slaves, and at length many
States, respectively, adopted systems for their
general liberation, some to take immediately
full effect and others to go into gradual oper-
ation ; but in no case, whether the emancipa-
tion was by the owner or by the State in the
exercise of the right of eminent domain, did
the freed slave acquire any political or civil
right, or any other right than to be his own
man, the property of no other person, subject
to the will or bound to render service to no
one. These opposite conditions were univers-
ally and well known as slavery and freedom,
and they were precisely expressed to the com-
prehension of every person by the phrases
slave negro and free negro. The freed negro
always acquired more or less of civil rights and
iri several States of late years some political
rights, but not as a part of or incidental to his
emancipation. They were a separate and dis-
tinct affair, varying in the different States,
and liable to be wholly withheld without effect-
ing the freedom of the emancipated slave.
One of the positions on which Judge Swayne
most strenuously insists is, that any form of
emancipation makes the enfranchised slave a
citizen, and he claims no other specific right
for him other than his delivery from servitude.
He distinctly admits that a slave on becoming
to be a citizen by emancipation does not acquire
any political or civil rights. He says in this
opinion that subject in England is the syno-
nym of citizen in the United States, and satis-
factorily proves this position by authority, and
then adds:
"The fact that one is a subject or citizen deter-
mines nothing as to his rights as such. They vary in
different localities and according to circumstances."
] " Citizenship has no nccessary connection with
> voting, eligibility to office, or, indeed, to any other
rights, civil or political. AVoman, minors, and per-
sons non compo* mcnlin are citizens, and not the less
j on account of their disabilities."
He quotes from the opinion of Judge Gas-
! ton, in the case of the State vs. Manuel, to
| establish the position that "emancipation is
i the removal of the incapacity of slavery."
! Then between Judge Swayne and myself there
is perfect accord on these propositions :
1. The second section of the thirteenth
amendment invests Congress with no power
which it did not possess under a provision of
the original Constitution, and was therefore
unnecessary.
I 2. The first section of that amendment fully
and perfectly abolishes slavery everywhere in
the United States, and no legislation is neces-
sary to execute or aid its execution i« that
respect.
3. The slaves emancipated by it had simply
the incapacity of slavery removed, without
! being invested with any political or civil right
| whatever or any claim to have such rights.
! 4. The only other purpose and effect of this
j amendment is to prohibit the reestablishment
! of slavery anywhere in the United States. But
i then there is this grsat difference between us:
j he believes the civil rights bill to be a neces-
i sary and proper measure to give effect to the
prohibition of slavery in the future, and has no
doubt of its constitutionality in all its provis-
ions. I believe it to be both unnecessary and
improper to that end, and to be flagitiously
i unconstitutional in all its provisions.
To fortify his position that the civil rights
: bill is a necessary and proper measure of legis-
lation he quotes from the opinion of the court
pronounced by Chief Justice Marshall in the
case of McCullough vs. the State of Maryland:
"Let the end (for which an act of Congress is passed)
be legitimate, let it be within the scope of the Consti-
tution, aud all the means which are appropriate,
which are plainly adapted to the end, which are not
prohibited but consistent with tho letter and spirit
of the Constitution, are constitutional."
He also quotes lexicographic authority in
exposition of the term "appropriate." He
doubtless had looked into Webster, but takes
care not to give his definitions. Webster says
in defining "appropriate:" "belonging pecu-
liarly;" "most fit, proper or suitable, as to
use appropriate language in pleadingand
of "adopted," he says, "suited, made suitable,
fitted."
The judge does not quote, but could not. have
overlooked, this passage in the same opinion:
"Sljould Congress, in the execution of its powers,
adopt measures which are prohibited by the Consti-
tution ; or should Congress, under the pretense of
executing its powers, pass Inws for tho accomplish-
ment of objects not intru-ted to tho Government, it
would become the painluldutyof thisiribunal, should
a case requiring such a decision come before it, to say
that such an act was not tho law of the land."
I will now bring the civil rights bill to the
standard erected by Chief Justice Marshall,
with a view to see how it will abide that test.
The end for which it was passed must be within
the scope of the Constitution; the act must be
appropriate and plainly adapted to that end,
and must be consistent with the letter and
spirit/of the Constitution in all its provisions;
but if, under the pretense of executing the first
section of the thirteenth amendment—the pre-
vention of the reestablishment of slavery any-
where in the United States—this act lias the
effect to accomplish objects not intrusted to
the Government of the United States, it is not
the law of the land.
If any legislation of Congress was necessary
to enforce the guarantee implied in that section
of the amendment, that slavery shall not be
reestablished, it would be merely a law declar- .
ing any such attempt to be a crime and pro-
viding a proper punishment for it. An act of
that character would have for its end an object
within the scope of the amendment, and would
be appropriate and plainly adapted to that end,
would be consistent with the letter and spirit
of the Constitution in all its parts, and all that
would be needed to give that amendment its
full effect. Such an act would not impinge
upon any of the provisions of the Constitution
or the reserved rights of the States, but would
be short, simple, constitutional, effective, and
complete.
By the civil rights bill a revolutionary faction
in Congress burst into the fifteen States which
had held to slavery, in defiance of the remon-
strance of one department of the Government
! and without any sanction of the other, separated
\ the negro from the white population, and
; stripped from it the constitutions, laws, and
authorities of the States in which it was resi-
dent ; abolished them so far as related to the
negro population, and placed it under other
laws and authorities set up by itself; published
an edict establishing an equality and com-
munity of civil righ s between the negro and
white races ; declared it to be criminal and to
be punishable by fine and imprisonment for
their governors, judges, jurors, and all officers
of those States to execute or attempt to sup-
port and execute their constitutions and laws
in conformity to their official oaths; demolished
their courts and substituted others in their
stead for all civil suits and criminal prosecu-
tions in which negroes were parties or that
affected them ; designated officers to execute
their laws and the judgments aud sentences
of their courts; made it a crime to oppose
their execution, and empowered their exe-
cutive officers to call to their assistance the
posse comitatus, the Army and Navy of the
United States and the militia of all the States,
and attached the detestable Freedmen's Bureau
as an adjunct to their governments thus set up
within those fifteen States. Congress by this
monstrous act and its execution revolutionized
those States as effectually as if it had been done
by its invading armies and the shock of battle.
This atrocious act has nine sections, and but
parts of the first and second had any relation
to the indictment in the name of the United
States vs. Rhodes and others, the case which
Judge Swayne was trying. No other parts of
this act were before him, and he had no author-
ity to pronounce upon their constitutionality;
but with evident gusto he perpetrates a judicial
impropriety, and enunciates:
"We entertain no doubt of the constitutionality
of the act in all its provisions. It gives only certain
civil rights. Whether it was competent for Congress
to conter political rights, also, involves a different
inquiry. Wo have not found it necessary to consider
that subject."
