1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3927
ticm to reconsider the vote by which the House
non-concurred in the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. 11. No. 554) making a grant of
land to the State of Minnesota to aid in the
improvement of the navigation of the Missis
sippi river. The Clerk will report the amend-
ment of the Senate.
The amendment of the Senate was reported,
as follows:
Add the following as a new section:
Skc. (>. And beit further enacted, Til at there Vie, and
hereby is, granted to the State of Minnesota, the
farther quantity of one hundred thousand acres of
public lands, subject to the same restrictions as to
selection and sale as are hereinbefore named, the
proceeds whereof shall be used in making such im-
provements in the Mississippi river at the Falls of
St. Anthony as may be deemed necessary by the
Legislature of that State to protect and secure tho
existing navigation immediately above said falls.
Mr. DONNELLY. If the House refuses to
lay on the table the motion to reconsider in
what condition will that leave tho pending
amendment?
The SPEAKER. In that event the next
question will be ou reconsidering the non-con-
currence of the House in the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. SCOPIELD. Is it in order to lay the
bill on the table.
The SPEAKER. It is not. The motion to
lay on the table the motion to reconsider has
priority.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
30, noes 37 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Suofield
and Doxxelly were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
-—ayes 30, noes 47 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. PIKE. 1 withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is it in order to move to
lay the bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. The non-concurrence in
the amendment of the Senate removes the bill
from before the House.
Mr. DONNELLY. I move that a commit-
tee of conference be asked on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of
the Senate to the bill.
The SPEAKER. That brings the question
again before the House.
Mr. BOUT WELL. Is this the usual stage
to ask a committee of conference?
The SPEAKER. It is. The motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
is now in order, if he desires to make it.
Mr. SCOPIELD. If the gentleman from
Minnesota will let the bill go as it is, 1 will not
make the motion.
Mr. DONNELLY. I insist on the motion
for a committee of conference.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I move to lay the
amendment of the Senate upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That will carry the bill
with it.
The question was put on Mr. Soofield's
motion; and there were—ayes 23, noes 52;
no quorum voting.
Mr. MAYNAItD. I hope the Senate may
be invited to a conference on this bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will riot insist on my
motion.
The question was then taken on Mr. Don-
nelly's motion; and it was agreed to.
CL1SRK OP PENSION COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER. The next unfinished busi-
ness is the resolution pending at the adjourn-
ment of last night's session reported from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and on which
the previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered. The Clerk will read
the resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives be, and he is hereby, authorised and
directed to pay to the clerk of the Committee on
Invalid Pensions a sum of money which shall make
his compensation equal to that of the clerk of the
Committee of Claims, to commence July 1,1868, and
to terminate on the 4th day of March, 1869.
Mr. COVODE. Is it in order to move to
amend the resolution so as to make it apply to
other clerks, who do double the work this clerk
does?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the previous
question having been seconded and the main
question ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in order to move
to lay the resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER. It i§.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make that motion.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
30, noes 49: no quorum voting.
Mr. SPALDING-. I call for the yeas and,
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 54, nays 62, not voting
82; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Baker, Bcatty, Blair, Bout-
well, Boycr, liromwcll, Cuke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Covode, tin Horn, Dris-gs, Fields. French, Gctz, Gloss-
brenner. Hawkins, Ilindy, Ilulburd, Hunter, Judd,
Julian, Kelsey, Ketcliam, George V.Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Marshall, Mavnard, McCarthy, Mc-
Kcc, Moore, Mullins, Orth, Pile, Pomcroy, Raum,
Robertson, Roots, Scotiold, Selyc, Shanks, Taber,
Taylor, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Vail Trump, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker,
William Williams, James I1'. Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos 11. Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes,
Beck, Benjamin, Brooks, Cary, SidneyClarke, Dixon,
Donnelly, Bcklcy, Eliot, Farnsworth, Garfield. Gro-
ver, Higby, Hooper. Hopkius, Chester D. Ilubbaid,
Jcnckes, Johnson, Alexander II. Jones, Thomas L.
Jones, Kitchen, Knott, Koontz, Loan, Louglnidge,
Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, Miller, Moorbead, Morrell,
Mutigen, Nicholson, Munn, O'Neill, Paine, Plants,
Poland, Sawyer, Schenck, Sitgrcaves, Spalding,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Taife,
LawreneeS. Trimble, Twiehell, Van Aernam, Henry
D. Washburn.Thomas Williams, and Wmdom—02.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, James M. Ashley,
Bailey, Banmm, Be.unan, Benton, Bingham, Blaine,
Boles, Broom,ill, Buckland, Burr, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Roderick R. Butler, Cha.nler,Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Cornell, Dawes, Delano, Deweesc, Dodge,
Eggleston, Ela, Eldridge. Ferriss, Ferry, Finney,
Fox, Golladay. Gravely, Griswold, Ilaight, Halsey,
Hamilton, Harding, Hill, IIolman.Hotchkiss, Asahel
W. llubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,Humphrey, Inger-
soll, Kelley, Kerr, Lallin, Lincoln, Logan, McClurg,
MeCormick, McCullough, Mercuv, Morrissey, Myers,
Ncwcumb, Niblack, Perbain, Peter*, Phelps, Pike,
Pojsley, Price, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson. Ross,
Sheilab'irgcr, Smith, Starkweather, Aaron F, Ste-
vens, Thomas, John Trimble. Trowbridge, Van Auken.
Robert!1. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Elihu 1 .
Washburne, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
Wood, and Woodward—82.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
upon the table.
The question recurred upon adopting the
resolution.
Mr. ARNELL. Is it in order now to move
to refer this resolution to a committee?
The SPEAKER. It is not; the previous
question is now operating.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Miller] how
much this resolution, if adopted, will give this
committee clerk ? That is notvery well under-
stood by members here.
Mr. MILLER. It will give him the same
as the clerk of 
Mr. WELKER. I know that. I want to
know how much in dollars.
Mr. MILLER. 1 was told the clerk of the
Committee of Claims received $1,800 a year.
Mr. WELKER. I have been told it will
give him $3,500.
Mr. MILLER. Oh, no; that is a mistake.
It is only from the 1st of July to the -4th of
March next.
Mr. WELKER. How much does it increase
the compensation of this clerk ? That is what
I want to know.
Mr. MILLER. I will tell the gentleman I
have been informed that the clerk of the Com-
mittee of Claims receives §1.800 a year. I
have no objection to naming that amount in
the resolution, or to naming any specific per
diem compensation.
Mr. WELKER. My objection to this reso-
lution is that it does not disclose to the mem-
bers of the House how much it is proposed to
give this clerk. I want it fully understood, so
that gentlemen may be able to vote intelli-
gently on the subject, for no doubt there are
other clerks as well as this one who are enti-
tled to increased compensation.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am told that the
clerk of the Committee of Claims gets $2,100
a year besides the twenty per cent.
Mr. MILLER. No, sir; with the twenty
per cent-
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Well, with the
twenty per cent.
Mr. MILLER. It is only $1,800, without
the twenty per cent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
this resolution does not cover any back time.
Mr. MILLER. No, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It applies only to
the balance of this Congress.
Mr. MILLER. That is all.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me that
it is a very fair proposition.
Mr. MILLER. The compensation this clerk
has received has not much more than paid for
his board. As I stated yesterday, the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions have had more bills
to consider than any other committee of this
House; and the clerk of the Pension Com-
mittee has probably had more labor to perform
than almost any other clerk.
Mr. MAYNARD. Would it be in order to
ask a question of the Chair, or of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Miller?]
The SPEAKER. .The gentleman can make
an inquiry of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
who has charge of the resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is this resolution to pay
this clerk an increased compensation daring
the recess, from the adjournment until Decem-
ber next?
Mr. MILLER. It pays him precisely as the
other clerk is paid.
Mr. MAYNARD. A per diem or a salary?
Mr. MILLER. A salary from the 1st of
July to the 4th of March next.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think it would be bet-
ter to frame the resolution so as to allow a
per diem compensation. The principal objec-
tion I have to this resolution is that it makes
this clerk a salaried officer.
Mr. MILLER. I will modify the resolution
so as to give this clerk seven dollars per day
for the time he shall be actually employed from
the first of this month.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The clerk
of the Committee on Reconstruction receives
but four dollars per day for the time he is
actually employed.
The SPEAKER. If no objection is made,
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Miller] will be received.
No objection was made.
Mr. WELKER. I understand that other
clerks gefbut four dollars a day, and it is pro-
posed to give this clerk seven dollars a day.
Mr. MILLER. Other clerks get as much
as I propose to give this one?
Mr. WELKER. What clerks ?
Mr. MILLER. The clerk of the Commit-
tee of Claims, and some other clerks.
Mr. WELKER. There may be two clerks
who get that amount.
Mr. MILLER. There are live or six of
them.
The question was on the amendment of Mr.
Miller, to make the compensation seven dol-
lars per day, from the 1st of July, while actu-
ally employed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was upon the resolution, as
amended.
Mr. WELKER. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 47, nays 00, not voting
01; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson,Dclos R. Ashley, Axtell,
Baldwin, Barnes, Beck, Benjamin, Cake, Cbanler,
Deweese, Dixon, Ecldey, Farnsworth, Grover, Hinds,
Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, Jenckes, Johnson,
Alexander II. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, ICoontz,
Logan, Lynch, Mar.-hall, Maynard, MeCormick,
Moorhead, Morreli, Mungen, Myers, Nicholson,
Nunn, O'Neill, Pile, Plants, Poland, Roots, Sit-
greaves. Spalding, Stokes, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Twiehell, Van Aernam, Robert Van Horn, and
Windorn—47.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Bailey,
