3928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
Baker, Beatty, Blair, Boles, Eoutwell, Bromwell,
Benjamin F. Butler, Cary, Churchill, Cobb, Cook,
Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Driggs, bla, lerriss, Fields,
Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Hamilton, Hopkins,
Hulburd, Kclsey, Keteham, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Loan, Louehridge, McCarthy,
McKee, Miller, Moore, Mullins, Orth, Paine, Pomo-
xoy, Robertson, Ross, Schenck, Scofield, Smith, Thad-
de'us Stevens, Stone, Taber, Taff'e, 'Xaylor. Upson,
Burt Van Horn, Elihu B. Washhurne, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, James 1'.
Wilson, and Wood bridge—60.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, James M.
Ashley, Banks,Bamum, Beaman, Benton, Bingham,
Blaine, Boyer, Brooks, Broomalt, Buckland, Burr,
Koderick 11. Butler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clark,
Coburn, Cornell, Delano, Dodge, Donnelly, Eggle-
ston. Eldridge, Eliot, Ferry, Finney, Fox, French,
Garfield, Gravely, Griswold, Haight, Halsey, Hard-
ing, Hawkins, Iligby, Hill, Holraan, Hotclikiss, Asa-
hel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Julian, Kelley, Kerr, Kitchen,
Knott, Latlin, Lincoln. Mallory, Marvin, MeOiurg,
JVIcCullough, Mereur, Morrissey. Newcomb, Niblack,
Perham, Peters, Phelps, Pike, Polsley, Price, Pru.yn,
Randall, Raum, Robinson, Sawyer, Selyc, Shanks,
Shellabarccr, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens,
Stewart, Thomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Van
Aukon, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward. Oadwalader
C.Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, William Wil-
liams, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood,
and Woodward—91.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. Having voted in the nega-
tive for the purpose, I move to reconsider the
vote just taken.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The motion of Mr. Koss was agreed to.
pay of naval officers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Joshua R. Sands, in
reference to the pay of naval officers, have
directed me to report back the petition, move
that they be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
message fkom toe pkesipunt.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Wilmam G. Moore,
one of his Secretaries, notifying the House that
House hill No. 508, to continue the Bureau
for the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees, aud
for other purposes, having been presented to
him June'24,1808, and nothaving been returned
by him within ten clays, Sundays excepted, had,
agreeably to constitutional provision, become
a law.
message from the senate.
A message Was also received from the Senate
of the United States by Mr. Gorham, its Sec-
retary, notifying the House that that*body had
passed House bill No. 550, providing for the
sale of a portion of the Fort Gratiot military
reservation in St. Clair county, in the State of
Michigan.
It also announced that the Senate had passed
a bill and joint resolution of the House of the
following titles, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 202) to create the office
of surveyor general in tlie Territory of Utah,
to establish a land office in said Territory, aud
to extend the homestead and preemption laws
over the same ; and
A joint, resolution (H. R. No. 202) directing
the Secretary of War to sell damaged and un
serviceable arms, ordnance, or ordnance stores.
It also announced that the Senate had passed
bills of the following titles, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested:
An act, (S. No. 588) for the relief of the Mount
Vernon Ladies' Association of the Union;
An act (S. No. 576) to regulate the district
court of Utah Territory;
An act (S. No. 505} for the relief of John
Potts;
An act (S. No. 520) to establish rules and
articles for the government of the armies of
the United States;
An act (S. No. 600) transferring the duties
of trustees of colored schools of Washington
and Georgetown; and
An act (S. No. 214) to authorise the settle-
ment of claims of the State of Kansas for ser-
vices of the militia called out by the Governor
of that State upon the requisition of Major
General Curtis to repel the invasion of General
Price.
It announced, in conclusion, that the Senate
had adopted the report of the committee of
conference on the dis'agreeing votes of the two
Houses on the following pension bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 373) to place the name
of Mahala A. Straight upon the pension-roll
.of the United States ;
A bill (H. R. No. 45G) granting a pension
to the minor children of Pleasant Stoops ;
A bill (II. R. No. 518) granting a pension
to George F. Gorham, late a private in com-
pany B, twenty-ninth regiment Massachusetts
volunteer infantry;
A bill (II. R. No. 522) granting a pension
to W. W. Cunningham ;
A bill (II. R. No. 525) granting a pension
to Jeremiah T. Hallett;
A bill (II. R. No. 601) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of William
Craft;
A bill (II. R. No. 002) granting a pension
to the widosv and minor children of George
R. Waters;
A bill (H. R. No. 003) granting a pension
to Cyrus IC. Wood, the legal representative of
Cyrus D. Wood ;
A bill (H. R. No. 004) granting a pension
to the minor children of Charles Gouler;
A bill (H. R. No. 066) granting a pension
to Henry H. Hunter;
A bill (II. It. No. 060) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Myron
Wilklow;
A bill (H. R. No. 670) granting a pension
to the widow and children of Andrew flolman;
A bill (II. R. No. 521) to place the name of
Solomon Zachman on the pension-roll;
A bill (H. It. No. 073) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of John S.
Phelps;
A bill (H. R. No. G72) granting a pension
to the widow aud minor children ol Charles W.
Wilcox;
A bill (II. R. No. 070) granting a pension
to Thomas Connolly;
A bill (II. R. No. 077) granting a pension
to the minor children of James Heatherly ;
A bill (H. R. No. 770) granting a pension
to John H. Finlay;
A bill (PI. R. No. 075) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Cornelius
L. Rice;
A bill (II. It. No. 771) granting a pension
to John L. Lay ;
A bill (II. R. No. 773) granting a pension
to William II. McDonald; and _
A bill (II. It. No. 825) granting a pension
to John W. Hughes.'
order of business.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. This being Friday, the
regular business of the morning hour is the
consideration of reports of a private nature ;
and the House resumes the consideration of
the bill (H. II. No. 1277) to provide for the
distribution of the reward offered by the Presi-
dent of the United States for the capture of
Jefferson Davis. This bill was, on Monday
last, reported from the Committee of Claims
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Washburn,] who is now entitled to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
yield for a moment to the gentleman from
Kansas, [Mr. Clarke.]
bridge across missouri riveb.
Mr. CLARKE, ofKansas. Iaskunanimous
consent that the bill (S. No. 355) authorizing
the construction of a bridge across the Mis-
souri river, upon the military reservation at
Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, to be taken from
the Speaker's table for consideration at the
present time.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to taking any
bill from the Speaker's table out of its order.
direct taxes in southern mates.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
yield to thegentlerrmn from Ohio [Mr. SCIIESCK j
on the condition that the business he may in-
troduce shall take but little time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee of Ways and
Means, for consideration at the pieseiit lime,
a joint resolution to amend the fourteenth sec-
tion of the act approved July 28, 1866, entitled
"An act to protect the revenue, and for other
purposes."
The joint resolution, which was read for
information, provides that the fourteenth sec-
tion of the act named in the title be so amended
as to extend the operation thereof until Jan-
uary 1, 1869.
Mr. ROSS. Reserving the right to object, I
would like to hear some explanation of this bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Asthegentieman isawarc,
there is, by existing law, an imposition of direct
taxes which has been met by most of the States
of the Union; but the southern States have no&
been able to meet or to assume these taxes. By
the act of July 28, 1866, the time for the col-
lection of the direct taxes in those States was
extended till January 1, 1868. Those States
are still in a condition of transition, as it may
be called, and are so situated that the tax can-
not be readily or conveniently collected even
by resorting to oppressive measures for that
purpose. It.is proposed by the Department
that the provision of the act cf July 28. 1866,
shall be extended till January 1, 1869 j and
that is the object of this joint resolution.
Mr. ROSS. I do not object to the resolution.
Mr. MCJLLINS. Let me say to any gentle-
man who may be disposed to oppose this joint
resolution, that if such a measure be not passed,,
and if we should attempt to force the collec-
tion of the direct tax in those States, the effect
will be most disastrous. The property of the
people will he sacrificed everywhere. I hope
that there will be no objection to the passage
of this joint resolution.
The joint resolution (Ii. R. No. 329) was,
by unanimous consent, read a first and second,
time, ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsidcr the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed:
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid ou the table. N
The latter motion was agreed to.
REBUILDING OJ" W5VEES.
Mr. HINDS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of the Arkansas consti-
tutional convention, asking aid its rebuilding
the levees along the Arkansas and Mississippi
rivers, in the States of Arkansas, Mississippi,
and Louisiana; which was referred to the
Committee on Freedmen's Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
CAPTOKE OF JEFF. "DAVIS.
The SPEAKER stated the first business m
order in the morning hour was the considera-
tion of House bill No. 1277, to provide for ther
distribution of the reward offered by the Pres-
ident of the United States for the capture of
Jefferson Davis, reported from the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts moved
various verbal amendments correcting the
names of parties mentioned in the Dili.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move the following amendment, to cornc in at
the end of the first section :
And the Secretary of War is hereby authorized to
receive evidence to correct misnomers or the omis-
sion of any of the names of those actually yreseut
rendering service with either of said detachments
according to the true intent and meaning of this act.
and to certify the same to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who shall cause the same to l>e audited and
paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAUM. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for the purpose of moving an amend-
ment.
