1880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
and other officers of the United States whose
appointments are not otherwise provided for,
shall be sanctioned "by the advice and con-
sent of the Senate;" but mark, however, that
the power of the President to remove any of
the above mentioned officials, except those
whose removal is provided for by impeach-
ment, and among whom are not the heads of the
Executive Departments, was in no manner re-
strained or qualified. It was deemed to be
inherent in the very nature of his office and in
its proper execution. But fortunately upon
this point we are not left to cavil or conjecture.
The question, after being freely and fully dis-
cussed at an early period in the legislative
branch of the Government, and by many of
the authors of the Constitution themselves, was
expressly settled. It arose in the House of
Representatives in 1789, on a bill for establish-
ing the Department of Foreign Affairs, in
which the direct question of the removal of its
chief officer by the President came up ; which,
indeed, involved the exercise of that power
in all the subordinate departments under the
executive branch of the Government. With-
out the time to allude even partially to the
able arguments of those who participated in
this debate, I conceive that no better sum-
mary and conclusion upon its whole scope can
be adduced than an extract from the speoch of
Mr. Madison, who was its master spirit. He
said:
"The question now resolves itself into this: is
the power of displacing an executive power? I con-
ceive that if any power whatsoever is in tho Execu-
tive it is the power of appointing, overseeing, and
controlling those who executo the laws. If the Con-
stitution had not qualified the power of the Presi-
dents appointing to office by associating tho Senate
with him in that business, would it not he clear that
he would have tho right, by. virtue of his exeeutivo
power, to make such appointment? Should we bo
authorized, in defiance of that clause in the Consti-
tution, ' The executive power shall bo vested in tho
President' to unito the Senate with the President in
the appointment to office? I conceive not. If it is
admitted that we should not be authorized to do this
I think it may bo disputed whether we havo a right
to associate them in removing persons from oflico,
the one power being as much of an executive nature
as tho other; "tind the first one is authorized byboing
excopted out of tho general rule established by the
Constitution in these words: * The executive power
shall bo vested in the President.' "
This, then, is the general rule. An excep-
tion was made in the power of appointing but
none in the power of removing; therefore it
remainei^bsolute.
The question was thereupon decided in the
House of Representativ.es by a vote of 34 to
20 and in the Senate by the casting vote of the
Vice President. But this principle is still fur-
ther vindicated by a decision of the Supreme
Court in 1830 in the case ex parte Herren.
That court there held that—
"No one denied the power of the President and
Senate jointly to remove when tho tenure of offico
was not fixed by tho Constitution, which was a full
recognition of tho principle that tho power of re-
moval was incident to the powor of appointment;
but it was very early adopted as a practical con-
struction of the Constitution that this power was
vested iu the President alone, and such would appear
to have been the legislative construction of the Con-
stitution, for, in the organization of tho three great
Departments of State, War, and Treasury, in 178'J,
provision was made for tho appointment of a sub-
ordinate officer by the head of tho Department who
should have charge of the records, books, and papers
appertaining to the office when the head of the De-
partment should be removed from office by the President
of the United States.
The Navy Department, was not established
till 1798, and the court held substantially that
its chief officer existed under the same tenure
as the other Secretaries and was removable by
the President, thus recognizing the principle
that the power of removal was vested in tho
President alone in such cases, although the
appointment of tho officer is by the President
and Senate.
Here, then, we have the emphatic decision
of the legislative and the judiciary, two of the
three coordinate branches of the Government.
Now, if we can unite with these in judgment
and practice the executive branch our argu-
ment is complete and the position of President
Johnson thoroughly sustained. Here it is most
timely and aptly illustrated. On the 12th May,
1800, John Adams peremptoiily removed,
■while the Senate was in session, the Secretary
of State, Timothy Pickering, as appears by the
following letter:
12th May, 1800.
Sir: Divers causes and considerations essential to
the administration of the Government in my judg-
ment requiring a change in tho Department of State,
you are hereby discharged from any further services
as Secretary of State. JOHN ADAMS,
President of the United states.
To Timotiiy Pickekikg, Philadelphia.
Subsequently he nominated John Marshall
as Secretary of State in place of Mr. Picker-
ing, and the Senate had no other notice. Can
it be necessary to add anything more?
Our most learned and distinguished com-
mentators upon the Federal Constitution and
laws, Justice Story and J udge Kent, in dis-
cussing this question, referring to these decis-
ions, consider the whole matter as settled and
acquiesced in by the Government and the
people. Removal from office in his subordi-
nate departments has ever been the undisputed
practice of the Executive, and was especially
manifested in the splendid administration of
General Jackson, andin the language of Daniel
Webster in a case involving the same prin-
ciple ;
"Thus has the important question been settled by
Construction, settled by precedent, sottled by tho
practice of the Government, and setilod by statuto."
But Congress, not satisfied with tins repeat-
edly-settled constitutional power, and wishing
to make the executive authority subservient to
the legislative, on the 2d March, 18G7, passed
the tenure-of-office bill. That bill, none can
doubt, is, in its provisions, violative of the
Constitution and the decisions and authorities
referred to. The President promptly put
upon it his veto, and I have yet to see the re-
spectable, unbiased authority which denies the
reason and the justice of his constitutional
prohibition.
In this act he was supported by the opinion
of every member of his Cabinet, and no one
of them expressed his abhorrence of the bill
with so much emphasis as this now valiant
knight of the War Office, Edwin M. Stanton.
Indeed, such was the ability with which he
descanted upon its odious provisions that the
President desired him to prepare his veto,
which only press of business denied him that
pleasure. The bill, however, becomes a law,
at least we will so consider it for the purposes
of the argument, and we are now told that the
President has violated it, and in doing which
he has been guilty of high crimes and misde-
meanors, sufficient to warrant his impeach-
ment and removal from office. His accusers
base the entire charge of this violation upon a
single provision of the bill; it is this:
" Be it enacted, &c., That every person holding any
civil office to which ho has been appointed by and
with the advice and consent of tho Senate, and every
person who shall hereafter bo appointed to anysuuh
office, and shall becomc duly qualified to act therein,
is and shall bo entitled to hold such offico until asuc-
cessor shall have been in like manner appointed and
duly (nullified except as herein otherwiso provided:
Provided, That the Secretaries of State, of tho Trea-
sury, of War, of the Navy, and of the Interior, the
Postmaster General and tho Attorney General, shall
hold their offices respectively for and during tho
term of tho President by whom they may havo been
appointed, and for one mouth thereafter, subject to
removal by and with tho advice and consent of the
Senate."
Who can doubt that here is a provision and
exception that the Secretaries of State, of the
Treasury, of War, of tho Navy, of the Interior,
the Postmaster General, and the Attorney Gen-
eral, are not included within the scope and
meaning of this bill, but are in its spirit and
letter expressly exempted? And such was the
expressed opinion of the author and the sup-
porters of the bill at the time of its passage in
the Senate. They were to hold their offices
respectively for and during the term of the
President by whom they were appointed and
for one month thereafter. It only remains,
then, to determine by whom and for whose
term the Secretary of War, Edwin M. Stanton,
was appointed. Who denies that he was
appointed by Abiaham Lincoln, and therefore
could only hold his office for Lincoln's term
and one month thereafter, except by the reap-
pointment or mere sufferance of President
Johnson? Conld language be plainer, could
fact be more patent ? He bears no commission
from Johnson, and has only retained the place
of Secretary of War through the too patient
endurance of that President.
But, to spin out sophistry refined, it is claimed
by some that Lincoln's term has not expired,
and we must therefore tolerate the official life
of the dignitary Stanton, if indeed he naturally
abides for four years and one month there-
after. Is Lincoln dead, or does he still live?
Can dead men hold office and administer
human affairs? Had we not a Tyler admin-
istration and a Fillmore administration: and
is not this the administration of Andrew John-
son, who succeeded to the Presidency as they
did? To assume that this is the term of Lin-
coln is to reject the laws of nature and to belie
the evidence of our own senses. The term of
the office and the term of the officer are very
different things; the one is fixed by law, the
other depends upon the life, the removal, or
resignation of the officer. The provision in
the bill did not refer to the term of the office,
but to "the term of the President," the
officer who then held it.
This strained construction is but another
manifestation of radical frenzy and despera-
tion. President Johnson, then, in the attempt
to remove Mr. Stanton, has in no manner vio-
lated this law in its strict letter and be rirfg.j
but if he had, what more can be made of it
than that in the exercise of a high preroga-
tive he had chosen to act in accordance with
previous laws of Congress, which had beeis
confirmed by the Supreme Court, rather than
of this whieh he had vetoed, and the constitu-
tionality of which had not been passed upon t
Had he not the right,, too, to test a law tho
validity of which fee and his Cabinet and the
most learned of the land had at least doubted?
This right inures to the humblest citizen of the
Republic. In the attempt to displace Mr. Stan-
ton, and to install General Lorenzo Thomas,
do not all the attending circumstances go to
show that the President simply intended to
present the question for judicial investigation
and settlement? Some on the other side of
the House have said, with apparent soberness
and even awful gesture, that it was the inten-
tion of the President to use the Army to over-
ride the laws and strike down the liberties of
the people. Did he send General Thomas to
the War Office with an army at his back, or
even the smallest squad of soldiers-? Not an
individual accompanied him; he went solitary
and alone. It was purely an unostentatious,
quiet, civil proceeding, by which, under proper
forms of tew, to elicit the judgment of tho
highest court of the Government upon this
much-vexed question. Why could not Congress
have allowed this to be done? Was it not
necessary for a proper discharge of the duties
of the Executive and for the peace and har-
mony of the country? But to deprive the act
of all criminal intent or the slightest disposi-
tion to disobey even this law the President,
being thwarted in his effort with General
Thomas, soon sends into the Senate the name
of Thomas Ewing as Secretary of War.
This would seem to be the whole ease in its
legal aspect. What right has been infringed,
what liberty destroyed, what law violated by
the President?
But there is a section of this tenure-of-office
bill upon which the President is to be impeached
that bears in the right direction. Section five
provides—
" That if any person shall, contrary to the provis-
ions oi this act, accept any appointment to, or em-
ployment in any office, or shall hold or exercise, or
attempt to hold or exercise, any such office or employ-
i ment, he shall be deemed, and is hereby declared, to
be guilty of a high misdemeanor, and upon trsal and
I conviction thereof he shall bo punished therefor by
| a fine not exceeding S10.000, or by imprisonment not
: exceeding five years, or bothsaid punishments, in the
I discretion of the court."
i Now, do not the facts and circumstances of
j this ease show, and has it not been proven, that
Mr. Stanton himself "attempts to hold or ex-
1 ercise'' the office of Secretary of War "ton-
