18G8.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
497
codes, but they had no connection with the
case before Judge Swayne. He gratuitously
introduced them into his opinion, and it
would have been more just and proper for him
to have told what they were then than what
they had been some five years before. If the
judge had intended to be an impartial and
faithful historian he would have written that
the southern States on abolishing slavery had
swept away their slave codes with it and had
extended to the freedman every civil right,
including the right to give testimony in courts,
and established a common code of civil and
penal laws for both races. And for Kentucky
he should hftve said that she always allowed to
free negroes the same civil rights that she did
to white persons except the right to testify
for or against white persons; that she gave
them the same protection by civil and penal
laws that she did white persons and subjected
them to the same punishments, except for one
or two crimes it was severer; and that she, on
the promulgation of the thirteenth amendment
of the Constitution, abolished away her slave
code. But 1 will read some other passages
from the opinion:
"Slaves were imperfectly, if at all,protected from
the grossest outrages by the whites. Justice was not
for them. Tue charities and rights of the domestic
relations have no legal existence among them. The
shadow of the evil fell upon the free blacks. They
had but few civil and no political rtghts in the slave
States. Many of the badges of the bondmen's deg-
radation were fastened upon them. Their condition,
like his, though not so bad, was helpless and hope-
less. This is born© out by the passages we have given
from Kent's Commentaries, Farther research would
darken the picture. The States had always claimed
and exercised the exclusive right to fix the status of
all persons living within their jurisdiction.
"On the 1st of January, 1863, President Lincoln
issued his proclamation of e'tnancipation. Missouri
and Maryland abolished slavery by their own volun-
tary action. Throughout the War the African race
had cvinced entire sympathy with the Union cause.
At the close of the rebellion two hundred thousand
had become soldiers in the Union armies. The race
had strong claims upon the justice and generosity
of the nation. Weighty considerations of policy,
humanity, and right were superadded. Slavery, in
fact, still subsisted in thirteen States. Its simple
abolition, leaving these laws and this exclusive power
of the States over the emancipated in force, would
have been a phantom of delusion.
"The hostility of the dominant class would hate
been animated with new ardor. Legislative oppres-
sion would have been increased in severity. Under
the guise ot police and other regulations slavery
would have been in effect restored, perhaps in a
worse form, and the gift of freedom would have been
a curse instead of a blessing to those intended to be
benefited. They would have had no longer the pro-
tection which the instinct of property leads its pos-
sessor to give, in whatever form the property may
exist. It was to guard against such evils that the
second section of the amendment was framed. It
was intended to give expressly to Congress the
requisite authority, and to leave no room for doubt
or cavil upon the subject. The results have shown
the wisdom'of this forecast. Almost simultaneously
with the adoption of the amendment this course of
legislative oppression was begun. Hcnce, doubtless,
the passage of the act under consideration. In the
presence of these facts, who will say it is not an
appropriate' means of carrying out the object of the
first section of the amendment and a necessary and
proper execution of the power conferred by the sec-
ond? Blot out this act and deny the constitutional
power to pass it and the worst effects Of slavery
might speedily follow. It would be a virtual abro-
gation of the amendment.
" It is incredible that all this machinery, including
the agency of the Freedman's Bureau, would have
been provided if the inteution were to limit the
criminal jurisdiction conferred by the third section
to colored persons, and excludc all white persons
from its operation."
" Where crime is committed with impunity by any
class of persons, society, so far as they are concerned,
is reduced to that condition of barbarism which com-
pels those unprotected by other sanctions to rely
upon physical force for the vindication of their nat-
ural rights. There Is no other remedy and no other
security."
When Judge Swayne wrote this opinion there
Was no ground for his pronunciation of such a
philippic as I have quoted from it. If there
were occasional instances of outrages upon
negroes that were not punished by courts
and juries it was because they had been stimu-
lated to previous and greater outrages upon
the whites by persons for whom the judge has
no censure. Where did Swayne get his in-
formation in relation to affairs in the South?
Was it from his son, General Swayne? an
unfledged military hero, who, without any valu-
able service, rose in rapid promotion by the
influence of Stanton, and who at present is in
40th conft. 2d Sess.—No. 32.
Alabama, is sometimes written "Major Gen-
eral Swayne, commanding." He gives a hor-
rid sketch of the state of society in the late
slave States, in which he somewhat covertly but
most unjustly charges that the negroes are the
victims of the destructive and barbaric violence
of the whites, and having no other redress or
protection "are instructed by other sanctions
to rely upon physical force for a vindication
of their natural rights. There is no other
remedy and no other security." When this
appeal was made from one of the high-judg-
ment seats of order and law to redress by
force, violence, and crime wrongs which had
no existence, by a man wearing the ermine, he
then knew, having any reliable knowledge, that
if he had reversed the positions of the whites
and the negroes his dark picture would have
been true. Yes, he knows full well the cruel
wrongs and oppressions by which the southern
white people are ground to the dust, and that
they were inaugurated by the Freedmen's Bu-
reau act, augmented by the civil rights bill,
and are threatened to be consummated by the
reconstruction acts and the military despotisms
organized under them, confederating with four
million of half-savage negroes just let loose,
all of which with combined and destructive
force menace the whole southern part of our
common country with barbarism, carnage, and
chaos. Yet Judge Swayne has no denunciation j
for the tyrants and despoilers, no sympathy for !
the victims, no thought or sentiment for the
correction of such a terrible state of things.
Judge Swayne is an associate justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States, a judicial
tribunal without a peer in power and dignity
in the present and all the past ages of the
world. He was the first to consider and ad-
judge a case involving the civil rights act
and some of the fundamental and most vital
principles of our mixed system of Govern-
ment; and their proper investigation "and set-
tlement could have but tasked all the ability
and virtue of a great judge. One equal to this
transcendent duty, in this time of national
convulsion, would be aptly represented by
"Some tall cliff that lifts its massive form.
Mounts from the vale, and midway leaves the storm;
Though rolling clouds around its breast aro spread,
Eternal sunshine settles on its head."
But how deplorably did he fail to come up
to the great demand upon him ! We see in
his opinion the appearances of labor and invest-
igation, but what beside that properly apper-
tains to a judge ? It is marked by an absence
of intellectual power 5 of thorough, profound,
and accurate legal learning ; of a full, true,
and philosophical comprehension of the prin-
ciples and nature of our complicated political
structure, and their application to the case
before him in strong and lucid argumentation ;
a lamentable absence of the impressive dig-
nity of judicial rectitude and firmness ; of a
clear, passionless, and presiding reason ; of
the enlarged comprehension of a statesman-
jurist ; of an all-comprehending patriotism,
which embraces alike every part of our ex-
panded country and all its people, and the gov-
ernments, institutions, and general welfare of
both the nation and the States ; and more yet,
the absence of any evidence of his recognition
of the imperial and inviolable supremacy of
the Constitution over all.
We see in this miscalled judicial opinion the
disquisition of a sectional partisan politician,
flippant, passionate, and superficial, erroneous
in its statement of facts and principles, feeble
and inconclusive in its reasonings, predeter-
mined to come to a desit-ed conclusion, and in
its approach to it taking shelter behind piles
of irrelevant, undigested, and confused legal
authorities, and an utter failure to adduce one
principle in support of the constitutionality ofthe
civil rights bill. WTe see in it a feeble attempt
to advance the ideas, passions, and interests of
a section; its vagaries, social, political, and
philanthropic, by this unworthy perversion of
a high judgment seat. The task of proving the
civil rights bill to be authorized by the Consti-
tution is in conflict with all the powers of reason,
and this judicial emanation in that cause does
injustice to Judge Swayne himself, to his intel-
lect, to his legal learning, and especially to his
exalted office.
The upheavings of the civil war produced
many strange events, and brought upon the
national theater many new men. Among these
new men were Judge Swayne and, a greater
one than he, Chief Justice Chase. While the
rebellion was yet in its throes Mr. Chase pro-
nounced in favor of allowing the discontented
southern States peacefully to withdraw from
the Union, and then was presented to the
American people as an aspirant to the Presi-
dency; he was foiled, but to be made Secretary
of the Treasury, and from that commanding
position he sedulously operated to circumvent
the high prize at the ensuing election. But
the second time he was thwarted in this cher-
ished ambition, and was again appeased by
being put in the place which Jay and Mar-
shall and Taney had filled; and which, when
the incumbent has commensurate ability, learn-
ing, and virtue, invests him with more perma-
nent and true dignity and consideration than
the Presidency itself. From this lofty summit
the chief justice, some three years since, again
turned his eyes upon the Presidency; or. to
speak more correctly, from early manhood lie
has been gazing upon it " steadfastly with the
eye of the eagle and the appetite of the vul-
ture," and his candidacy dates through all that
period. The same general course of events
which brought to him high and rapid promotion
in the Government of the United States trans-
lated Judge Swayne from the position of a
respectable lawyer in the interior of Ohio to be
an associate justice ofthe court over which Judge
Chase presides; and another turn in the wheel
of fortune might bring him to vacate his pres-
ent position and clothe him with the power to
placc Judge Swayne in it. A man of strong
mind and will sometimes absorbs a weaker one
with whom he is frequently brought into con-
tact. The Chief Justice has always been of the
extreme abolition school of politics, and an
active propagandist of its opinions, sentiments
and policies ; but not so with .Fudge Swayne.
From that direction the Chief Justice has made
no retrogression; but since they have been
members of the same court it is understood
that 011 political questions Judge Swavne thinks
pretty much as he does, and ardently de=ires
his election to the Presidency.
Judge Chase is a man of large and con-
ceded ability; of calm but true courage ; of
strong but not imperious will; of long and
clear foresight; of but little power directly
with the massfes, but great control over their
second-rate leaders, and of the most absorb-
ing and unscrupulous ambition. He com-
mands his own tongue, and when he chooses
to indulge it talks well, and seldom too much,
and combines eminently the siiaviter in modo
et fort iter in re. He might have made a great
lawyer, but projects of political ambition early
engrossed his mind and heart, and diverted
him from thf^t sedulous, laborious, and exclu-
sive pursuit of his profession in the library
and the courts which is the condition of
achieving eminence in it. In the pursuits of
his life his principle has been ant Ccesar aut
nullus; and when he came upon the bench
of the Supreme Court his youth and opportu-
nity for making a great lawyer having pussed,
and his taste and aspirations being fixed in an-
other direction, it was then impossible for him
to take position with the great judicial lumina-
ries of his own country ; and therefore he turned
from the mild and purer splendor of a judi-
cial fame, which he could never reach again,
to the dazzling and long coveted attractions of
the Presidency.
Born and educated in an eastern free State, in
his early manhood having settled in the great
one of the West, and rapidly winning its high-
est honors, his cool and comprehensive survey
of the whole theater from that stand-point soon
convinced him that a sectional assault from the
free States upon slavery,«was the ide 1 upon
which (he mass of their population mig'ii be
