1868,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1881
trary to the provisions of this act" and with-
out. the shadow of authority, and would it cot
be a righteous judgment that he should suffer
the penalties here prescribed and be required
for this as well as other and even graver crimes
to look out for long years from the loathsome
dungeons of the Dry Tortugas ?
Was it not the President's duty to remove
him ? -How could he "take caro that the laws
be faithfully executed" unless there was har-
mony of sentiment in all the Executive Depart-
ments, and especially between him and those
who are so near to him—the heads of Depart-
ments? They are the members of bis official
family, with whom there ought to be free and
daily intercourse and among whom there must
be concurrence of opinion in order promptly
and properly to execute the laws. Mr. Stanton
had differed essentially with the President, had
openly opposed his policy, and had become
obnoxious, odious, politically and personally,
to him and his Cabinet. He might have often
exclaimed to him, in the language of the indig-
nant Cicero, pointing to the conspirator of his
country's liberties: '
'' Quousque tandem abutere, Cat alma, pat lent id nostra f"
How long, indeed, had he abused their pa-
tience?
After much tolerance he was politely invited
to retire, but invitation and hints, amounting
to insult to a proud man, having no effect, he
was finally ejected and the head of the Army
placed in his stead1 'ad interim." Thissilent
monitor" for a time with seeming fidelity dis-
charged the duties of the office, but at length,
in an hour when we thought not, betraying the
confidence of his chief, suddenly evacuates and
lets in this scorned and cast-out official, with
the Senate at his heels. Did ever audacity
mount higher? Was ever Executive so out-
raged both as to personal and official dignity?
The President, with that caution and calm-
ness characteristic of the man, for a time bears
this monstrous encroachment; but who thought
that he would long submit to it? Who doubted
that he would persevere in the exercise of his
prerogatives, and that he would again attempt to
remove this detestable obstacle to the execu-
tion of the laws. General Thomas is dispatched
to take charge of the office, and this creeping,
cringing thing, this " Caliban of the Tempest,"
obsequiously submits, and only asks time to
gather up his effects. The General, with the
courtesy of a soldier, grants his request and
retires. After a reasonable time he returns,
but only to find this brazen interloper sur-
rounded by soldiers and on a throne, as it
were, of bristling bayonets.
Look, Mr. Speaker, at the War Department
to-day, sir, and you see armed soldiers stand-
ing around in squads and pacing their meas-
ured lines, guarding this would-be official, who,
in Falstaffian pomp and heroic mockery, whiles
away the sunny hours, and at night, I am told,
swings his execrable limbs iu ahammock, doubt-
ing, trembling, shivering, lest the rightful au-
thority should enter in and scowl and hurl him
into the streets.
Such, sir, is the spectacle now presented in
the capital of a great country, famed for the
supremacy of the civil over the military au-
thority, for proper subordination in its several
departments, and for a just and wise admin-
istration of the laws. Is the reputation or the
life of Edwin M. Stanton worth so much that
the blood of the nation should stand still and
the whole system be endangered even for a
moment in this controversy ?
But, sir, the fiat has gone forth right or
wrong, wicked or worthy, the President is to
be impeached. He is abused, stigmatized,
anathematized without measure, but he recks
not of the slanderous missiles that are hurled
at his head. He sits calm and wise as Ulysses
in the Grecian tent. The people will, I trust,
and posterity, I am sure, will, vindicate his
acts. His highest eulogy has been pronounced
by himself when, in maintaining the act com-
plained of, be said : "If I had been fully ad-
vised that in thus defending the trust commit-
ted to my hand my own removal was sure to
follow I could not have hesitated, actuated by
public considerations ofthe highest character.''
This sentence will go down the ages to come. I
know, sir, how vain are my words and all our ef-
forts, our appeals, protestations, and votes. Par-
ty supremacy must be maintained at all hazards;
the revolution must go on and bear down in its
sweep all obstacles to its # accomplishment.
There has been a Spanish inquisition ; there
has been a French revolution, and it might not
be amiss if some would bring to memory the
fate of a Danton, a Robespierre, and a Marat.
I might remind gentlemen of their solemn
obligations on this occasion as conservators of
the peace, the laws, and liberty of the country.
But what are constitutions and laws and oaths
when the fires of revolution are still blazing
and its wheels fast rolling on ?
I commend to these swift accusers the sig-
nificant prophecy of Gouverneur Morris, who
put into shape and penned this Constitution of
ours; and I bid them beware that they do not
now signally verify it:
"But, after all, what docs it signify that men should
have a written Constitution containing unequivocal
provisions and limitations? Thelogislativelionwill
not bo entangled in tlio meshes of alogical net. The
Legislature will always make tho power which it
wishes to exorcise. Attempts to restrain it by other
means will only render it nioro outrageous. Tho idea
of binding legislators by oaths is puerile. Having
sworn to exercise the powors granted according to
their true intent and meaning, they will, wlion they
feol a desire to gofurthor.avoid thoshainoif not tho
guilFW porjury by swoaring tho true intent and
meaning to be, according to their comprehension,
that which suits their purpose."
Sir, gentlemen tell us that we may not even
warn them of their evil deeds or of tho popu-
lar wrath to come. Tlioy avow that valiant
men will sustain their action if necessary on
the battle-field; each equal to two or three
of any who may oppose them. Vain threats!
fanatical delusions!
I do warn them, sir, that the spirit of liberty
may still lurk in the bosoms of the sturdy yeo-
manry of this land, and if provoked too far
a million of men will spring to arms to defend
their rights and to ward off a merciless despot-
ism. 1 might here, without arrogance, speak
for a hundred thousand riflemen of Kentucky,
who would be united as one man in the contest,
equal in courage, strength, and skill to the best
the world has produced. I admonish gentle-
men that they may not much longer enjoy the
luxury of this Belshazzar feast. The hand-
writing may already be faintly seen upon tho
wall; they have been weighed in the balance
and found wanting. Sir, the people of this
great country, if they are not dead to shame
and dishonor, if they have a spark of the valor
of their revolutionary sires, will not submit to
these accumulated wrongs and outrages no ;
rather they will rise up in the full magnitude
and majesty of their power, and come, if need
be, like avalanches irom the mountains, like
hurricanes from the valleys, like the swelling
waters of mighty rivers, like the surges of the
lakes and the billows of the sea, even to
this Capitol, batter down these doors, drive
out those servants who have so misused their
authority, purge and cleanse these Halls, pos-
sess that tribune and altar, and place in
these seats true and faithful sentinels, who,
they and their successors, shall guard forever
the rich heritage which their fathers have be-
queathed to them.
I yield the remainder of my time to tho
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Boyer.]
amendment to the judiciary act of 1789.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to call the attention
of the House, and especially the attention of
the country, to a measure of legislation which
was passed through this House the day before
yesterday, and which was passed without any
objection solely because it was introduced in
a manner calculated to deceive and to dis-
arm suspicion of its real design and effect.
I shall refer in this place to the proceedings as
published iu the Globe, and I shall afterward
make such brief comments as I may deem
proper to the occasion.
There was a resolution pending introduced
by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Pile,]
when the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
rose and said:
"I ask leave to take from theSpeaker's table Sen-
ate bill No. 213, to amend tho judiciary act. It came
from the Finance Committee of the Senate, ana I
desire the House to pass it now.
"Tho Speaker. That would require unanimous
consent, as the morning hour has not yet expired.
"Mr. Schenck. Thereeanbeno possible objection
to it."
Then some proceedings intervened upon a
motion of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Pile,] when Mr. Schenok again rose:
"Mr. Schenck. I now ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the bill to which I re-
ferred a few moments since."
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Boyer] that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. ScnpcK] is not in
his seat, and if he is going to animadvert upon
that gentleman he had better wait until he is
present.
Mr. IiOYEPv. I do not think that I shall
have another opportunity of saying what I de-
sire to say. I am sorry the gentleman is not
here. I should be very glad to see him in his
place.
A privileged motion then intervened. When
the subject was again resumed:
" Tho Speakbb. Tho bill referred to by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,J Senate bill No.
213, to amend an act entitled "An act to amend the
judiciary act, passed September 24, 1789," will now
bo read."
Tho bill was then read. It provides that
there should be extended to the Supremo Court
certain appellate jurisdiction in cases of cus-
tom-house and revenue officers. I read from
the report:
" Mr. Schenck. I dosiro to make a word or two
of explanation, which I think will bo perfectly sat-
isfactory. As tho law now stands, these appeals or
writs of orror can bo taken in any ease whero one of
tho officers of customs is concerncd. But by some
inadverteneo of tho law-making power, that cannot
be done in tho case of an internal revenue officer.
This bill proposes to put those officers on the same
footing in that respect; that is all there is in it% 1
hope there will bo no objoction to its consideration
at this time." *
All objection was accordingly withdrawn.
At this stage the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Wilson,] the honorable chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee, rose:
" Mr. Wii.son, of Iowa. "Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] yield to mo to oifcr an amend-
ment to this bill?
" Mr. Sciienck. I will hoar the amendment.
" Mr. Wilson, of Iowa. I desire to movo to amend
the bill by adding to it the following:
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That so much of
tho act approved February 5,1867, entitled 'An act
to amend an act to establish the judicial courts of
the United States, approved September 24,1789,' as
authorizes an appeal from the judgment of a circuit
court to the Supremo Court of the United States, or
tho exercise of anybucli jurisdiction by said Supremo
Court on appeals which have been or may hereafter.
be taken, be, and tho same is hereby, repealed.
"Mr. Schenck. I am willing to have the amend-
ment received, and now I call tho provious question
on the bill and amendment.
'' Tho provious question was soconded and tho main
question was ordered."
The amendment of Mr. Wilson was then
agreed to, without any objection being made ;
nor, as will be perceived, was any opportunity
for inquiry afforded.
Now, sir, it will become perfectly evident
when I refer to the character of the act which
is repealed by the amendment, that had it been
known what the real nature of the amendment
was and to what it actually did refer, it could
never have been passed in the manner in which
it was suffered to pass at that time without op-
position. The act of February 5, 1867, pro-
vides—
" That the several courts of the United States, and
tho several justices and judges of such courts, within
their respective jurisdictions, in addition to the au-
thority already conferred by law, shall have power
to grantwrits of habeas corpus in all cases whero any
person may be restrained of his or her liberty in vio-
lation of the Constitution, or of any treaty or law of
the United States; and it shall be lawful for such per-
son so restrained of liisor her liberty to apply to either
of said justices or judges for a writ of habeas corpus,
which application shall bo in writing and verified by
affidavit, and shall set forth the facts concerning tho
detention of the party applying, in whose custody ho
or .she is detained, and by virtue of whatelaim or au-
thority, if known; and tho said justice or judge to
