186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the reissues of patents ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the r.
order.
tiiomas m'lean.
The SPEAKER. The ficst business in order
is the unfinished business at the adjournment
last evening, being the bill (II. R. No. 1038)
for the relief ol Thomas McLean, reported
from the Committee on the Public Lands by
thegentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Hopkins.]
Mr. HOPKINS. A word of explanation will
satisfy every gentleman here that this bill ought
to pass. Congress, on the 3d ©f March, I860,
passed a law setting apart a tract of land in
Calumet county, Wisconsin, as an Indian res-
ervation. That law provided that all the set-
tlers actually residing within the limits of the
reservation should have the right to purchase
their homesteads, not exceeding eighty acres,
at $2 50 per acre. When the lines of the res-
ervation were run it was found that, though the
cultivated fields of this petitioner were within
the limits of the reservation, his house, where
he actually lived, was ten rods over the line.
Therefore, by a technical construction of the
law, not living actually on the reservation, he
was deprived of the privilege which that bill
gave to the settlers 011 the reservation. This
bill simply allows him to enter the land that he
has cultivated for thirteen years at the price
stipulated in the act of Congress, $2 50 per
acre.
Mr. BROOKS. I objected to this bill last
night, but I think it is all right.
Mr. HOPKINS. There are seventy-five
acres of the land, and he has cultivated it for
thirteen years.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman states
that that is all there is in the bill, I suppose
nobody will object to it.
Mr. HOPKINS. That is all there is in the
bill, and the Commissioner of the General Land
Office informs me that there are no adverse
claims.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for one moment?
Mr. HOPKINS. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I know the facts with
regard to this bill very well. It is one that I
introduced myself for a constituent of the gen-
tleman from the district adjoining mine because
he was not present at the time. It simply pro-
vides that this party, Mr. McLean, may enter
this land as though he had built his house upon
it. The preemption laws under which the
lands are to be entered require, according to
the decision of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, actual residence upon the
lands. His house happens to be just off the
lands, and his improvements are upon them.
I understood my colleague to say that Mr. Mc-
Lean has occupied and cultivated this land for
thirteen years. That is the fact, and he has occu-
pied it for live years longer than that, making
eighteen years, supposing that he was right
and could avail himself of the provisions of
the law.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman say,
as his colleague has said, that this is merely a
question as to seventy-five acres of land?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not understand
that it covers seventy-five acres. I believe
there are only forty acres, but whatever the
quantity of land may be, it is simply a ques-
110n ut' allowing him to enter his land as his
neighbors who were successful in getting their
houses upon these lands have done.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I presume there is
no objection to the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think there can be none.
Mr. HOPKINS. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third rime, and passed.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to reconsider the
;;«V«
sk from The
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. HOPKINS. I ask unanimous consent
to make one or two reports from the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, to which there will be
no objection, and which it will take no time
to dispose of.
Mr. MAYNARD. "No time'1 is rather
indefinite. I am willing that the morning
hour shall be postponed for ten minutes.
Mr. HOPKINS. I ask. then, that the morn-
ing hour be postponed for ten minutes to
enable me to make some reports.
No objection was made.
wisconsin land grant.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee otVflie
Public Lands, then reported back from The
said committee, without amendment, and with
the recommendation that it do pass, the bill
(II. R. No. 1052) amendatory of an act entitled
"An act granting public lands to the State of
Wisconsin to aid in the construction of rail-
roads in said State," approved June 3, 1856.
The bill was read. It provides that it shall
and may be lawful for the Legislature of Wis-
consin to dispose of the lands granted and
which may have inured and been certified to
the State of Wisconsin under the act of Con-,
gress approved June 3, 1856, to aid in the
construction of a railroad " from Madison or
Columbus, by the way of Portage City, to the St.
Croix river or lake, between township twenty-
five and thirty-one," and commonly known
as the La Crosse and Milwaukee railroad, for
the benefit of the Wisconsin Railroad Farm
Mortgage Land Company, a company existing
under and by virtue of the laws of Wisconsin,
provided that the act shall apply only to such
lands as may be due the State of Wisconsin
for the portion of the road already completed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I would inquire
of the gentleman whether the Committee have
considered the question whether there ought
not to be annexed to this bill a provision that
the State shall be required to sell the lands to
actual settlers at a price not exceeding $1 25
an acre? We passed a bill a day or two ago
granting some hundreds of thousands of acres
of land to the State of Minnesota for the pur-
pose of constructing a dam across the Missis-
sippi river, which had such a provision incor-
porated in it. I believe I had the honor first
to suggest that provision to this House. I
shall vote for no bill which grants lands to aid
in the construction of railroads, or which
carries out existing grants. That does not
provide in specific terms that the lands shall
be sold to actual settlers at a price not exceed-
ing §1 25 an aero. I submit to thegentleman
that this provision should be ingrafted upon
this bill.
Mr. HOPKINS. I would say, in reply to
my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] that
this bill does not grant any land to the State
of Wisconsin. It simply permits the State of
Wisconsin to dispose of this land in the inter-
ests of the people of the State.
This bill, peihaps, proposes a new thing in
the legislation of the country. It permits the
State of Wisconsin to do justice to the men
who furnished the means to build this road. It
gives to the poor farmers along the line of the
railroad, who mortgaged their farms to build
the road, and who, in many cases, lost all their
property, the lands which the railroad com-
pany are entitled to receive to aid in its con-
struction, and I am happy to say the railroad
company are willing to do this small act of jus-
tice to the unfortunate men who contributed
their means to build the road. In 1856 Con-
gress granted to the State of Wisconsin a
quantity of lands to aid in the construction of
a railroad from Madison, or Columbus, byway
of Portage City, to St. Croix river or lakeland
from thence to Superior City and to Bayfield.
The State conferred the grant upon the La
Crosse and Milwaukee Railroad Company. In
order to raise the means to build this road
agents were sent among the farmers living along
the line, who had 110 money to subscribe, but
they were induced to mortgage their farms to
the company as subscriptions to the stock.
These mortgages were sold to eastern capital-
ists. The stock which the farmers received
became utterly valueless, as the road was sold
out upon the mortgage bonds, wiping the stock
and the original stockholders all out, creating
much distress among the deluded farm mort-
gagers. As a consequence there has prevailed
all along the road since it completion a feeling
of bitter hostility, which at times has threat-
ened to break out in open violence.
The company completed about sixty miles
of the road specified in the grant, and demanded
a certificate from the Governor so as to obtain
title to the land, but were refused, because they
had not commenced their road at Madison or
Columbus, as provided by law. Subsequently
the company did complete their road from
Columbus to Portage City. No lands, how-
ever, have as yet been certified to thecompany,
although the quantity granted has doubtless
inured to the State for the portion of the road
actually completed. As I am informed, the
railroad company now consent to an arrange-
ment which will authorize the State to convey
so much of the land as they have become
entitled to, by building a portion of the road, to
a company organized under the laws of Wis-
consin for the benefit of the farm mortgagers.
I am satisfied that there can be no objection
to the passage of this bill, as it simply author-
izes the State to carry out the arrangement,
thereby doing an act of manifest justice toward
a large number of the respectable and indus-
trious farmers of our State, who have ruined
themselves by mortgaging their homesteads to
aid in building the road.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Upon that
question I call for the yeas and nays.
The question was takea upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were—ayes six, noes
not counted.
So (one fifth of those present not voting ia
the affirmative) the yeas and nays were not
ordered.
-The bill was then passed.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
swamp lands in WISCONSIN.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, House bill
No. 1051, to grant certain islands to the State
of Wisconsin as swamp lands, and for other
purposes.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that all islands or parts of islands
in the Mississippi and Wisconsin rivers lying
within the jurisdiction of the State of Wiscon-
sin, and which upon examination and survey
may be shown to be swamp or overflowed lands
within the meaning of the act of September
28, 1850, to enable the State of Arkansas and
other States to reclaim the swamp lands within
their limits, and which may have been with-
held from selection by reason of the restric-
tions of the act of March 12, 1860, to extend
the provisions of an act to enable the State
of Arkansas and other States to reclaim the
swamp lands within their limits to Minnesota
and Oregon, and for other purposes, shall be
confirmed to the State of Wisconsin under the
, provisions of the act of September 28, 1S50 ;
ii provided the provisions of this act sliali not
V
