1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3929
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
cannot yield to the gentleman for that pur-
pose.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will state in the first
place, if I supposed the members of the House
had read the report, of the committee I should
take no time in explaining the action of the
committee, but I know at this period of the
session few have the time to read any reports.
I wish to say, so far as the action ot the com-
mittee is concerned in reference to this reward,
the committee doubt whether, strictly speak-
ing, the reward could be legally claimed by any
of the military force engaged in the service of
the country. They believe the reward when
offered was not intended to apply to that class
of persons. While tuey were engaged in this
duty they were merely performing that which
devolved uponibcm in the service of the coun-
try ; but the course having been taken in regard
to the capture of Booth to divide the reward
among the military engaged in his capture, the
committee felt it was too late to discuss that
question, and therefore, believing from the
previous bills referred to the committee it was
the opinion of the House the reward oifered
for the capture of Jefferson Davis should also
be divided among the military officers and men
entitled to it, we have taken the precedent
adopted in the case of Booth's capture, and
have reported the pending bill.
As the question presented itself to the minds
ofthecommittee—whatclass of persons are en-
titled to this reward; if it is to be divided among
the military force which of them is entitled to
it?—it will be noticed by those who have exam-
ined the bill we have divided it, so to speak,
into three parts. First we slate that the indi-
vidual who had the control of these operations,
who had been so energetic and so active in send-
ing out all these various squads of soldiers in
order thdt success might attend their efforts ill
the capturc, he who laid the plans, without
which the capture iu all human probability
would not have been made, certainly deserves
consideration at our hands. No one disputes
that Major General Wilson was the individual
who sent out all these different parties. He
planuedand controlled and guided anddirected
the course to be taken by these different officers
and men. The committee therefore state, in
the first place, he should be lewarded for this
direction and superintendence and guidance,
and they have, therefore, included his name as
one of the officers to receive this reward.
But it has been said, and I suppose the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Ratjm j rose to move
an amendment on the subject, we have not
allowed him as much ashe is entitled to. The
committee were of the opinion that we should
adopt the principle in distribution that no man
or officer shall be made rich by this award.
Therefore we allow no officer a higher sum than
$3,000. We recognize his services by the
allowance of that sum, and so far as 1 know
there has been no complaint made by any of
these officers that the amount of $3,000 which
we have given them is not satisfactory. Agtee-
ing, then, in the first place, that General Wilson
should receive a portion of the award, the next
step was to determine what classes of persons
in addition to him should receive it. We said
it should be given to those men who were
instrumental in accomplishing the result. The
first party that was sent out for this purpose
was Captain Joseph A. O. Yeoman, with a
company of thirty-three men, who started May
3, under the order of General Wilson to one
of his sub-officers to select one of the most
enterprising officers and a company with him,
to be sent in a certain direction to see if they
could ascertain anything in reference to Davis
and his party, who were supposed to be fleeing
from the country. Captain Yeoman and his
detail dressed themselves in rebel uniform and
went forth, using such energy and perseverance
in the work in which they were engaged as
rarely ever was displayed before by a like body
of men ; they fell upon the trail and the train
of Davis and his escort, mingled with them for
three days in order to ascertain his course and
give such information as would lead to his cap-
ture. On the 6th of May, having ascertained
his whereabouts and the direction which he and
his party were taking, he sent two of' his men
with all possible speed to convey the intelli-
gence to General Wilson. The couriers in one
day and night rode one hundred and twenty
miles in order to convey the intelligence to
their commander, and to dispatch the forces
that were to be sent out to cut off Davis and
his party. They were ordered to go with the
utmost speed, and to kill their horses if neces-
sary, and to seize others in order to convey the
intelligence in the shortest possible time.
Now, it was from the action of Captain Yeo-
insm and his men that the intelligence was
communicated which led to the dispatch of the
other officers and men for the certain capture
of Davis. He informed General Wilson in
reference to the late action, and the probable
future course of Davis. His information was
relied upon, and was correct. Had it not been
for his energy in that regard the capture of
Davis would never have been effected. From
the information thus communicated the march-
ing regiments were sent out which succeeded
in the capture. It is on that ground, Captain
Yeoman and his men having been instrumental
in guiding and directing the forces which suc-
ceeded in the capture, that we have seen lit to
embrace this detail and their officer in this
award. We believe they are as much entitled
to it as any who were engaged in the pursuit.
They risked their lives, and encountered the
peril and fate of spies, a more hazardous enter-
prise than any other command engaged in this
duty can boast of. General Wilson having
received information from Captain Yeoman at
once sent off Colonel Harnden, of the first
Wisconsin cavalry, with his regiment, to cut
off' Davis iu the direction he was supposed to
be escaping. Colonel Harnden started on the
5th of Slay, at night. He marched with all
possible speed until he arrived at Jell'erson-
ville, where he left thirty of his men. He
went forward and arrived at Dublin, where he
left forty-five more of his men, who were
directed to scout the country around and guard
the fords and passes in that direction if, per-
chance, Davis and his party should come there,
in order to cut them off. Colonel Harnden,
with the rest of his command, went on, and
at length fell upon the trail of Davis and his
party on the very route indicated by Captain
Yeoman, lie followed them day and night for
some two days, until, on the Oth of May, he
reached Abbeville, where he discovered Davis
had passed a few hours before. Stopping at a
house near Abbeville he inquired the way to
lrwinsville, where he proposed to go iu order
to obtain forage for his horses, intending to
follow Davis as rapidly as possible.
At three o'clock in the afternoon of the 8th
of May, he left Abbeville on the road to lrwins-
ville, where he believed Davis had gone. After
he had thus started his command, and was
about to follow with his orderly, he saw four
men riding down from the Hawkinsvillc road.
He went to see those four men to ascertain
whence they came and what was their object,
noticing that they were United States troops.
He ascertained from them that they belonged
to ColonelPiitchard's regiment which had been
sent from Macon, and had been following the
river down in pursuit of Davis. He accord-
ingly waited until Colonel Pritchard caine up.
And here let me say, that while there is some
dispute in regard to the exact conversation
which took place, it will not be my object to
say to the House that there is any dispute in
reference to. When Harnden met Pritchard,
Pritchard told him his object, that he had been
ordered to examine the passes of the river and
see if Davis and his party undertook to cross
the river, or if he could discover them in the
valley of the river, to pursue and capture him
if he could succeed in doing so. But the point
to which I wish to call the attention of the
House is this, that Colonel Harnden at this trine
asked Colonel Pritchard if he had heard any-
thing of Davis and his party, and Colonel
Pritchard replied that he had not. Up to this
time, so far as there is any evidence before the
committee, Colonel Pritchard had heard noth-
ing of Davis and his companions.
Harnden told Colonel Pi itchard that he had
been following Davis's trail for two days, and
that Davis had gone on the road to Irwinsvilto
a fevv hours before ; that he was in pursuit of
him on that line, and was then goingto lrwins-
ville. He left Colonel Pritchard with that
understanding, Pritchard guarding the line of
the river, and at the same time informing him
that he understood another party had taken
the left toward the river supposed to be a
part of Davis's escort. Colonel Harnden then
left, and started in pursuit of his command.
They pressed on toward lrwinsville till nine
o'clock in the evening, when they arrived near
the outskirts of the town. Being dark, and
their horses unable to undergo a further con-
tinuous march, it was deemed best to encamp
for the night, and start early in the morning
in order that they might succeed in the capture.
They accordingly rested at nine o'clock, with
orders to start the next morning at three
o'clock. At three o'clock Colonel Harnden
and bis men started in pursuit of Davis. An
officer and six men went in front in order that
they might lead the way. They had gone, as
is known to those who have examined the
testimony, but a short distance when they fell
in with an advance guard which gave the order
to ''halt and dismount." Supposing this com-
pany to be a part of Davis's band of rebels,
they fell back and were fired upon. Two men
were killed and three were wounded in the
action. It seems, then, that Harnden with his
entire force pressed forward supposing that this
was a part of Davis's band. At length light
began to dawn. They had taken one of the men
who opposed them prisoner, and it turned out
that he was one of the fourth Michigan cavalry,
Colonel Pritchard's men. This was the first
knowledge they had of Colonel Pritchard's
being in that region, and of course all firing
ceased. But the question which arises is how
came Pritchard's men in that position? Col-
onel Harnden inquired and ascertained that
Colonel Pritchard, a short time after he left
him, left the river and took a portion of his
regiment and hastened by another road to the
same point, lrwinsville, and that he arrived
there the night previous and encamped about
the same distance from the town that Harnden
had. He also rose early in the morning and
sent a squad of men to capture Davis in order
that they might be there as soon as it was light.
Mr. UPSON. The gentleman is mistaken
in saying that Colonel Pritchard encamped at
lrwinsville. He never encamped, but imme-
diately surrounded Davis's company and lay
there until morning.
Air. WASIIBUiiN, of Massachusetts. No
matter; he stopped near lrwinsville, whether
any of them camped or not; there is where
they stopped. I do not know that Harnden
camped during the night; perhaps he did not.
But he rested near lrwinsville, and marched in
the morning about the same time. And as
Pritchard states he sent a squad of men upon
this lrwinsville road, which road Harnden took,
for fear Davis and his train might attempt to
escape by that road.
After the discovery was made that these were
Pritchard's men, and that Colonel Pritchard
was near, Pritchard himself came in and told
Harnden that he with his command had just
started ; and that a squad of his men had just
captured Davis and some persons with him.
Harnden and Pritchard then went together to
where Davis was, and there found, what is
known to every member of this House, the
I company that were captured with Davis.
Now, all I wish to say is this: here were
Ilarnden and his regiment who had been on
the track of Davis, and were ready to capture
him. Here was Pritchard and his men who
also had used uncommon energy, and who had
succeeded in arriving near lrwinsville the night
before, and were also ready to capture Davis.
There is no dispute but what the squad of
