1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381*
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Price.
Ho. ot Reps.
tivate the soil that is already ours, over which
the stars and stripes float to-day. Let us
reclaim from overflow the lands lying on both
sides of the lower Mississippi.and remove the
rapids from the upper Mississippi, so that the
agriculturists and mechanics of that country
may have a free market for their produce.
And I will say in this connection, before
leaving the subject—and I wish gentlemen
would remember this point—that the difference
in the cost of transportation of the surplus
agricultural products of the upper Mississippi
alone in one year, between river navigation
and a railroad transportation, will more than
pay for all the appropriations that have been
asked for in times past, that are asked for to-
day, or that will be asked for in all the years
of the coming future for the improvement of
these rapids.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me a word ?
Mr. PRICE. I will yield for a moment.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman referred |
to some persons, I do not know to whom, who |
suppose our means are not sufficient to make .
these improvements. I would like him to say i
what his opinion is on that subject. . j
Mr. PRICE. I think that this nation has j
ability to improve her channels of commerce
and protect her artisans and agriculturists, and
develop to the fullest the resources of this
God-given and noble country thai we have
been placed in possession of. It will pay back
'■ some thirty, some sixty, and some an hun-
dred fold."
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire simply to say
that I was with the gentleman on that question
and differ with him on this.
Mr. PRICE. Then my friend indorses what
I have said in reference to the Mississippi, and
I ain glad to have so good an indorser.
But, Mr. Chairman, we have much more
land now, much more territory than we act-
ually need, and much less money than our press-
ing wants demand, and yet this bill asks us to
increase what we do not want at the sacrifice
of what is absolutely necessary for the life of
the nation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question right at that point. I
understood him to remark that we had a great
deal more territory than we needed. I would
like to have him tell us what portion of the
territory of this country he would be willing to
give away ?
Mr. PRICE. No part of Wisconsin; I
would not spare an inch of her.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is not quite an-
swering my question. I wish he would tell us
what territory we have that we do not need.
Mr. PRICE. With all due deference, sir, to
gentlemen who advocate the passage of this
bill, I must characterize such legislation as
foolish, insane, and wicked, and I earnestly
request gentlemen to use a little common sense
in this matter, and to remember that "those
who buy what they do not want will soon want
what they cannot buy."
The $7,200,000 of gold which we pay in the
first place is bat the " beginning of the end."
That is but the first loss; the second is $432,000 i
per annum interest on the purchase-money,
for it must be remembered we borrow the
money. The third loss is the expense of a
territorial government, amounting to several
thousands a year, to which must be added at
least $2,000,000 per annum for troops to watch
the Indians. Have we not Indians enough on
hand now to take care of? or do gentlemen
think we had better buy a few more thousand
of them, and thus furnish a field for still further
cash expenditures, a few more Indian agencies,
speculations, &c.?
But we are told by gentlemen who advocate
the passage of this bill that there are several
reasons why this purchase should be made. One ;
of these reasons is that it is a splendid coun-
try, producing the most luxuriant corn and the
finest of fur. Now, sir, if this be true it is
the only country heard of, since the ark rested
upon Ararat, where good corn and fine fur
could be raised upon the same acre. I fear,
Mr. Chairman, that the. gentlemen who thus
paint the picture dip the brush in rather too
strong colors.
Another and stronger reason which gentle-
men give for the passage of this bill and the
purchase of Alaska is that a refusal to do so
may offend Russia. I trust, sir, I do not under-
estimate the friendship of Russia. I have not
forgotten, and never shall forget, that she alone
of all the important Powers of Europe stood
by us amid the darkness of the trial hour
through which we have just passed. I remember
how gladly T hailed the appearance of her ves-
sels of war in our waters when the English and
French ports were open to our enemies to
furnish their piratical crafts outfits and reen-
forcements.
1 believe the demonstration made by the
Russian fleet at that time was intended as a
declaration to the English and French nations
that if they moved beyond a certain point in
their sympathy with the rebels the Russian flag
would be twined with ours, and that, yard-arm
to yard-arm, the American and Russian men-
of-war would go into the contest against all
comers.
Nor am I, Mr. Chairman, insensible to the
fact that Russia has voluntarily struck the
shackles frosn the limbs of millions of human
beings. All these things I remember, and for
all these things I honor her. But, sir, for all
this I cannot consent to rob our own people.
I cannot consent to take the money which is
needed for the comfort of the widows and
orphans and wounded soldiers of my own land
and give it to Russia, noble, generous, and
brave as she is.
Nor do I think so meanly of Russia as to
suppose that because we refuse to do this she
will withdraw her friendship. But, sir, if I knew
she would, yea more, if I knew that a refusal
to vote this 37,200,000 would forfeit the friend-
ship of every nation on earth, I would not vote
it until oar own brave defenders were paid the
last farthing due them. Blood, sir, is thicker
than water, therefore the just claims of our
own people must be tnet before we enter into
real-estate speculations with Russia or any
other nation.
Why, sir, the tables of your committees are
loaded to-day with applications for relief from
wounded soldiers and widows whose husbands
have offered up their lives upon the altar of
the country and in defense of the Government
which we now enjoy. Many ol these, sir, are
looking grim want in the face and contending
in a hand to hand fight with poverty in its
gauntest forms, and yet, sir, every claim is
scrutinized with an exactness and a particular-
ity that leave the applicant no hope of relief
unless every minutia of the law is complied
with to the letter.
All over this land are scattered the children
of these brave defenders of the Republic.
When these men laid down their lives upon
the battle-field they expected the Government
they died to save would feed, clothe, and edu-
cate their children. But, sir, this duty is being
performed not by the Government, but by
States, by benevolent societies and by individ-
uals, because to any and aW such claims the
answer is, the Government is not able. Not
able, sir! How does that sound from a Gov-
ernment that is willing to pay §7,200,000 in
gold for an iceberg?
Think of it, and tell me where is our consist-
ency, our honesty. Seven million dollars in
gold! How many hearts would this lift from
the verge of despondency? How many or-
! phans! tears would it wipe away? How many
! widows' hearts would it make to sing for joy ?
If this insane act should be consummated; if
, this $7,000,000 of treasure should be filched
' from the suffering and the sorrowing of our
own land, to whom it is justly due, and squan-
dered in,this worse than useless purchase, we
shall have cause to exclaim, "Tell it, not in
Gath, publish it not in the streets of Askelon,"
lest our financiers be treated with contempt
and our legislators laughed to scorn.
But the argument ifiost strongly urged, and
upon which the friends of this bill rely prin-
cipally for success, is that the treaty by which
Russia agreed to sell Alaska to this Govern-
ment is in t.he nature of a contract between
two individuals, needing only execution, and
that a compliance with the agreement and the
execution of the contract is as binding in the
one ease as in the other. If this statement of
the case were correct there would be no room
for further argument, and all we would have
to do would be to pay the money and make
the best of our miserable bargain. But, for-
tunately for us, this is not the case. No con-
tract binding on our Government to pay money
can be made unless the whole people through
their Representatives in this House consent
and agree to it.
This safeguard to the financial interests of
the country has been wisely imbedded -in the
foundations of the Constitution by the framers
thereof, and Russia ought to have known—yes,
sir, Russia did know—that the parties with
whom she was contracting had no power to,exe-
cute that contract, and that not one dollar of
the people's money could be used for that pur-
pose until the people through their agents in
this Hall should consent thereto.
If it had been intended by the framers of
the Constitution that the House of Represent-
atives should of necessity make appropria-
tions to carry out the provisions of any treaty,
then, sir, the Constitution would have so speci-
fied, for it is well known that the manner of
raising and spending money is very particularly
described in that instrument. If an individual
contracts with an irresponsible party he does
so at his own risk, and must take the conse-
quences. If the civilized world has yet to
learn that no contract for the payment of
money is binding upon this Government until
agreed to and ratified by the people, through
their immediate Representatives, it is about
time that lesson was taught. This is a Govern-
ment of the people, and of the whole people,
and the day of our boasted freedom will be
about at an end when we surrender the purse-
strings to a few individuals, and thus centralize
the power in a few men who are responsible to
the people only at great distances and at long
intervals.
All the people will then have to do will be
to meekly bow their necks to the yoke and
their backs to the burden, record the edicts of
their masters, obey their behests, and from the
fruits of their toil fill the coffers of their lords
and masters to be squandered as fancy or pleas-
ure may dictate.
The Constitution provides in express terms
that no money shall be drawn from the Treas-
sury except in pursuance of law. Well, sir,
who makes the laws of this nation ? Can the
President and the Senate make a law ? Can
the President and his Cabinet make a law?
No, sir; none of these, nor all of them com-
bined ; but, sir, the Senate and this House
can make a law without the aid or consent of
the President or any or all of his Cabinet.
The idea or assumption that this bargain at-
tempted to be made with Russia is a, treaty,
and therefore, as gentlemen say, a part of
the supreme law of the land, is preposterous
in the extreme. If it is a law, why come to
this House and ask for action? If it is a law,
they are authorized by the Constitution to take
the money without further actio... No, sir;
it is not. a treaty, is not a law, and the very
tact of coining here to ask for our favorable
action is a clear admission on theit part that
tbey know this. An attempt has been wade
to make a treaty, anj. the parties have gone as
far as they could in that direction, but finding
