498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
united, and by taking the lead in such move-
ment lie might rally a host that would bear
him on to the Presidency. No sympathy^ or
interest for the enslaved negro, uo devotion
to universal liberty, no sentiment of philan- •
thropy, no views of enlarged patriotism moved
him, but only the calculation of a cold and
selfish ambition. He has played this long
game without principle, but with great skill
and self-possession. He was for State! rights
even to a forcible resistance of the constitu-
tional authority of the Government of the^ L ni-
ted States, or for letting the southern States
drift away from the Union, or for their coer-
cion, conquest, and subjugation, and pinion-
ing them to the earth with the bayonet, or for
a general consolidated despotism, as his inter-
ests and policy required, llis incendiary course
in the peace convention contributed largely to
frustrate that attempt to settle our difficulties
and avert civil war. The Constitution and its
guarantees and restrictions, the preservation
of the peace, prosperity, and liberties ot his
countrymen, the threatened ruin of our entire
political system, the imminence of a civil war
that would devastate the whole land-and fill it
with wailing and woe, held him in no check;
but with noiseless energy he pushed on his
system of operations. When the thunders of
the rebel cannon that played on Fort Sumter
struck the eastern and western oceans and the
great lakes, and reverberating over the whole
land, frenzied all the people who had not
gone into the rebellion, his soul was stirred
with a profound but voiceless joy, for thsn he
was assured that the stronger North would be
hurled against the weaker South; and it be-
came his hope that the southern whites would
be utterly subjugated and the negroes enfran-
chised and placed in the mastery over their
disfranchised owners, that he might obtain
their suffrages for the Presidency. But things
began to work not in unison with the scheme
and calculations of the Chief Justice. Ihe
Army had done its work victoriously. The
rebels had been conquered and had made full
submission, and accepted promptly all the con-
ditions imposed upon them, and had pleaded
to come back to their proper position in the
Union andtheGovernmentofthe United States,
and to be placed under its protection. The
magnanimous masses were appeased by the
completeness of their conquest of the rebellion
and the equally complete submission of the
rebels. The people of the States involved in
the rebellion had remodeled their governments
to conform to the condition of its utter over-
throw, and under the auspices of many act3
of Congress, and of the executive and judicial
departments, were rapidly proceeding to rees-
tablish their full proper relations with the
United States and their government. Union,
peace, and fraternity seemed to be again brood-
ing over the whole land. Good will and confi-
dence between the freedmen and their late
owners was fast springing up, and they were
mutually establishing relations that would pro-
mote the interests, security, and welfare of
both races.
But the consummation of this general move-
ment in the South would leave its political
power in possession of the white race exclu-
sivejy, and bring it up united inflexibly as
destiny against the Chief Justice's long-
cherished hope of reaching the Presidency,
and blast it forever. The ambitious, sectional
politicianand negro-equality propagandist took
the alarm, descended from his lofty judgment
seat, sounded the radical tocsin, and dragged
the ermine of the judge through his notorious
southern tour, and by his incendiary speeches
and example, and by the perverted moral influ-
ence of his great office, filled the southern
negroes with suspicion and hart.e of the white
race and debauched them with the impossible
but alluring and baleful vision of becoming the
masters of the country, and thus broke up
the work of tranquilizing and reconstructing
the southern States upon the basis of the Con-
stitution. But for (fie malign influence of this
Mephistophelea that great and patriotic work
would ere this have been accomplished. Could
anything be more unfit, more grandly grotesque,
than Judges Chase and Swayne sitting in final
judgment on the constitutionality of the acts
of Congress and of the States and questions
of the conflict of jurisdiction between them and
the Government of the United States?
The Chief Justice held the circuit court in
the district of North Carolina, and rendered
judgments; but the military satrap in command
there, an upstart of very indifferent military
record, issued his military injunction forbidding
the execution of those judgments; arid the Chief
Justice, true to the instincts of his ambition,
took no step to punish this minion of Con-
gress. It might bring down upon him an
impeachment—it might be resented by the rad-
ical masses.
Mr. President, Mr. Madison and the other
patriots who framed the Constitution certainly
intended that the Supreme Court should decide
all questions of conflict of jurisdiction between
the governments of the United States and the
States that might come properly before it on
the trial of cases within the several clasps of
which jurisdiction was conferred upon it by
the Constitution, and, as I think, and have
endeavored to show, without any distinction
between judicial and political questions : that
every question which can properly arise in any
case, and that is material in relation to the
rights put in issue by prosecution or defense,
become judicial questions, and in that forum
cannot be made to assume any other character.
Those pure and virtuous patriots fondly ex-
pected that the extent of jurisdiction conferred
would be ably, faithfully, and patriotically ex-
ercised, and that the mode of appointing the
judges and their permanent tenure of office
would give competent and safe depositories of
their great powers, and thus the blended but
distinct governments of the United States and
the States could be made to move harmo-
niously in their separate orbits, and without
any disadjustment of the system. But expe-
rience, the most faithful and the sternest of
all teachers, has demonstrated both the in-
sufficiency and the unfitness of the Supreme
Court to answer those great ends for which it
in part, but largely, was designed.
Since the administration of Washington the
members of that court have been chosen rather
fortheir politics.than for their fitness and ability
as statesmen-jurists, though many of them have
had the greatness to rise above the atmosphere
of party and politics, and to adorn by their
ability and virtues that great national tribunal;
and such is the present court in its older and
some of its recent appointments. The tend-
ency of the judges has generally been to exalt
the national Government to the detriment of
the States, but there have been exceptions and
with a contrary proclivity. Political factions
in Congress have occasionally attempted by its
legislation to warp and mold the court to sub-
serve their party purposes ; and this has been
strikingly the fact within the last five years.
At the beginning of that period the court was
composed of nine members, six of whom were
eminently conservative and true to the Con-
stitution. They were not Radicals or stuff
that could be manufactured into Radicals ; but
Congress was preeminently radical, and deter-
mined, if possible, to make the Supreme Court
radical also. A tenth judge was added to the
bench, and it was the purpose of the leaders
that the place should be filled with a Radical,
and they so hoped even after his appointment.
But the young and able lawyer summoned from
the Pacific coast to become one of that great
court soon proved his fealty to the Constitu-
tion, and demonstrated an amount of intel-
lect and legal learning and official rectitude
and courage worthy of the court in its best
days.
The number of the court, by another act, was
prospectively reduced to six; no appointments
are to be made to fill vacancies that might
occur until the judges should be reduced to
that number. The new judges had been ap-
pointed by Mr. Lincoln, and were young men.
The former judges who, so long on this bench,
had become impervious to the debauching in-
fluences of sectional politics and Radical ideas,
with one exception had lived about the allot-
ted years of man's life, and it was expected and
hoped that their speedy demise would leave to
the country—what legacy? The diabolism of
a Radical Supreme Court—for then it was
deemed to be almost certain that the recently
appointed judges were all Radical, and that the
President would see to it most carefully that
any he might have to appoint should be Radical
par excellence. But the best laid schemes often
disappoint their projectors: no man lias dealt to
Radicalism such ponderous blows as the Presi-
dent ; and the opinion of the Supreme Court in
the case of Milligan has enrolled the name of'its
writerwiththeimmortaljudges who entrenched
the great principles of English liberty with
buttresses deep and strong as the foundation
of the sea-girt isle, and has given full assur-
ance to the great islanders who still enjoy
them, that their vigorous offshoots, trans-
planted to a new world, have here defenders
equal to those who protected the parent stock
against every storm.
But, Mr. President, the Supreme Court was
not so organized by the Constitution as to be
equal to stay or settle conflicts between na-
tional and State jurisdiction and thus avert
civil war. Besides the fatal defect the want
of the requisite jurisdiction, there is another
| objection to the sufficiency of the Supreme
j Court that is little less weighty—the liability
] of the judges to be impeached by the separate
| action of the two Houses of Congress.
1 Some of the more practical and sagacious
members of the Convention that framed the
Constitution predicted, that this responsibility
of the judges to the two Houses of Congress
would subvert the independence of the judi-
cial department, and ultimately bring it to the
feet of the legislative department. This pre-
diction was made upon a calculation of the in-
evitable ascendency and correlative subordina-
ation which such an organization of the two
! departments would produce; and there are
omens of its full verification.
If it had been foreseen in the conventions
which made and ratified the Constitution that
within eighty years, a party majority in each
House would exclude so many of its members
of opposite politics as to leave it with a ma-
jority of more than two thirds in both, and
that this majority would then brandish im-
peachment at the President, at the judges of
the Supreme Court, and all officers of the
Government who dared to oppose their wild
measures, this impeaching power would not
have been vested in Congress. We have seen
this rdle most audaciously played, so as to have
perturbed even the President, preeminently
self-poised and firm as he is, and to have
affrighted some of the members of the Supreme
Court from their propriety. This congres-
sional majority has become so much exalted by
the unchecked exercise of the great powers
it has assumed as at length to claim to be not
only the conquerors of the southern States, but
to be the paramount power of the Government.
It has so disadjusted and broken up the parti-
tion of its powers among what was intended
to be coordinate and independent departments;
it has so far destroyed all its checks and bal-
ances ; it has to such an extent crippled and
overawed the President and the judges as to
have become for the time the Government,
and a despotism.
The Supreme Court has no great popular
constituency to sustain it by their numbers,
enthusiasm, and courage. It has no purse or
sword with which to subjugate or purchase its
enemies. Its forces are moral—the Constitu-
tion, the laws and justice, and the peaceful
protection which their administration afford.
It shrinks from the frenzy of faction, from
the rage of a people rendered delirious bjr
passions let loose, and from the shocks ot
contending armies. It is always slow to in-
tervene its conservative and unsustained author-
ity, and in times of great national convulsion
