3930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
Pritchard's men surrounded the camp of Davis,
and so far as the immediate capture of Davis
was eonecrned they were instrumental in ac-
complishing it. It is claimed on the part of
Harnden's men that had it not been for Pritch-
ard's advance-guard, which halted them when
they were marching to the camp of Davis, they
would have arrived there as soon as, if not
sooner, than Pritchard's men, and been instru-
mental in making the capture rather than
Colonel Pritchard himself. But the commit-
tee think that that fact does not necessarily
follow, for it is neither accessary to admit it
or deny it.
It is enough for me that the two commands
occupied about the same position, as far as
their distance from camp was concerned ; and
had it not been for Pritchard, Harnden would
have captured Davis about the same time that
Pritchard did ; and that if Harnden had not
been there, Pritchard and his men would have
captured him as he did. The escort with
Davis was so small that either party of our
men would have been more than enough to
make the capture ; but the force of Davis was
previously unknown ; it had been strong, but
had abandoned him, and was finally reduced
by desertion, fear, and poverty to the meagre
sqnad which yet, by the sympathy of acommon
misery, clung to his fallen fortunes.
It is proposed to divide this reward equally
among these men. Pritchard was not in advance
of Harnden, nor was Harnden in advance of
Pritchard; but all the information that Pritch-
ard had in regard to Davis was obtained from
Harnden, was volunteered by Harnden, and
there is every reason to suppose that had not
Pritchard happened to meet Harnden at Abbe-
ville, it is very doubtful whether he would have
turned his course so as to have succeeded in
the capture of Davis at all.
However that may be, I say for the Commit-
tee of Claims, in regard to both of these regi-
ments and their officers, that they did all in
their power to accomplish the object for which
tlicy were sent out, and which they had in view.
Both were equally meritorious, and with the
men who were immediately present surround-
ing Irwinsville and ready to capture Davis as
soon as the dawn appeared, are equally entitled
to this award. I am not prepared to say that
because one party happened to get there a few
minutes before the other therefore that party
is entitled to any more of this reward than the
other; but that they are entitled to be treated
both alike, with equal praise, equal merit, and
equal generosity. I must insist, that under all
the circumstances, we should treat them all
alike. All that I have intended in these
remarks has been to state the reasons which
have brought the committee to the conclusions
embodied in the bill. I now yield ten minutes
to the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Upson.]
Mr. OPSON. Before proceeding with my
remarks upon this subject, I desire to inquire
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Washburn] whether the bill is now open to
amendment? I have an amendment which I
would like to offer.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. In
order that there may be no misunderstanding,
I will say that the committee were unani-
mous in this report, and that the Committee
of Claims of the last Congress were unani-
mously in favor of a report substantially simi-
lar to this. I have no authority from the
committee to permit any amendment, but I
will allow the gentleman's amendment to be
read. Of course, if the House should see fit
to vote down the previous question when the
time comes, the amendment can be offered.
Mr. UPSON. I send my amendment, to
the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out the following:
To Henry Harnden, of the State of Wisconsin, late
lieutenant colonel of the first Wisconsin cavalry,
$3,000.
Officers and enlisted men of the first Wisconsin
cavalry engaged in the pursuit and present at the
time of the capture of Jefferson Davis :
Orson P. Clinton, second lientenant company B:
Walter O. Hargraves, sergeant major: James Aplin,
private company K, orderly for Colonel Harnden;
Austin M. Hove, sergeant company A; l)avid N.
Bell, William Billsbeck, Martin M. Coleman, Wil-
liam Deyer, John HuntcruKr, Gotlieb J. Klineline,
Sidney Leonard, James Mci^tillsoii, George W. Sils-
bee, Christopher Stinebreck, Herbert Schelror, pri-
vates, company A; Luther L. Blair, Mclvin T. Olin,
and John Clark, sergeants company B; Thomas i>.
Culbertson, Jamos McCrary, and Ezra li. Stewart,
corporals company B: Albert L. Beardsley, Thomas
Coleman, Itawson P. Franklin, Sylvester 1' air banks,
William Gill, William Grimes, Lewis Jacobson, llo-
nore Leverner. William Matshie, Ira Miller. John
Nolan, John Norton, Warren P. Otterson, Steven
Po'.iuuctte, William A, Spangler, Frederick Mem,
field, Joseph Smith, George Wright, and John Wag-
ner, privates company B; George D. llusscy and J.
M. Wheeler, sergeants company D: Uustavus W.
S.vket, (wounded,) ij. Philip Pond, Joseph Myers, and
George La Bord<\ corporals company 11; Nelson Ap-
ley (wounded,) 1'. I<\ Anderson, Donald Brandor, F.
BubliU. J. S. Burton, Lawrence Bird, Joseph Jjc-
guen, A. J. Craig. Thomas Day, Thomas Dickers..n,
Jerrod Fields. James Foley, Jacob Gosh, D. II.
Goddricli, Lewis Ilarting, N. M. Ilephner, C. Ilel-
ger*on, Ilcmy Hamilton. A. E. Johnson, John Lud-
wick, N. F. Niekerson, P. W. 0. Herron, J. A. L.
Pooch. Alexander Pingilly, Arnc Renom. Jerome
ltoe, Herman Stone, John Spear, Henry Sidenburg,
J. 11. Warren, C. W. Seely, (wounded,) privates com-
pany D.
Mr. UPSON. Mr. Speaker, on the 2d day
of May, 1805, the President of the United
States issued a proclamation, of which the
following is a copy, offering rewards for the
arrest of Jefferson Davis and others :
Jjy the President of the United States of America.
a proclamation.
Whereas it appears from evidence in the Bureau
of Military Justice that the atrocious murder of the
late President, Abraham Lincoln, and the attempted
assassination of Hon. William II. Seward, Secretary
of State, were incited, concerted, and procured by
and between Jefferson Davis, late of Richmond, Vir-
ginia, and Jacob Thompson, Clement C. Clay. Bev-
erly Tucker. George N. Saunders, William C. Cfeary,
and otherrebelsand traitors against the Government
of the United States, harbored in Canada:
Now, therefore, to the end that justice may be done,
I, Andrew Johnson, President of the United States,
do offer and promise for the arrest of said persons, or
either of them, within the limits of the United States,
so that they can bo brought to trial, the following
rewards:
One hundred thousand dollars for the arrest of
Jefferson Davis.
Twenty-five thousand dollars for the arrest of
Clement C. Clay.
Twenty-five thousand dollars for the arrest of
Jacob Thompson, late of Mississippi.
Twenty-five thousand dollars for the arrest of
George N. Saunders.
Twenty-five thousand dollars for the arrest of
Beverly Tucker.
Ten thousand dollars for the arrest of William C.
Clcary. late clerk of Clement C. Clay.
The Provost Marshal General of the United States
is directed to cause adescription of said persons, with
notice of the above rewards, to be published.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my band
and caused f ho seal of the United States to be affixed.
Done at the city of Washington, this 2d day of
May, in the year of our Lord 1865, and of the
[l. s.J independence of the United States of Amer-
ica the eighty-ninth.
ANDKEW JOHNSON.
By the President:
W. Hunter, Acting Secretary of State.
Subsequently on the 10th day of May, 1865,
the arrest of Jefferson Davis was effected near
Irwinsville, Georgia, by the fourth Michigan
cavalry regiment, under the command of Lieu-
tenant Colonel B. D. Pritchard. After the
capture of the assassins of the late President,
there being numerous conflicting claimants for
the rewards offered for the apprehension of the
said murderers, and for the rewards offered
by proclamation, as aforesaid, for the appre-
hension of Jefferson Davis and others, a com-
mission was appointed by the Secretary of
War, consisting of 13. D. Townsend, Assistant
Adjutant General, and Joseph Holt, Judge
Advocate General, to examine and determine
the respective claims, and thereupon the fol-
lowing order was issued and public notice
thereof given:
[General Orders, No. 65.]
Wae Department,
Aojctant Gexekal's Office,
Washington November 2-1, 1865.
Ordered, That—
1. All persons claiming reward for the apprehension
of John Wilkes Booth. Lewis Payne, G. A. Ataerodt,
and David E. Herold, and Jefferson Davis, or either of
them, are notified to file their claims and their proofs
with the Adjutant General, for final adjudication by
the special commission appointed to award and de-
termine upon the validity of such claims, before the
1st day of January nest, after which ;time no claims
will be received.
2. The rewards offered for the arrest of Jacob
Thompson, Beverly Tucker, George N. Saunders,
William G. Cleavy. and John H. Survatt are revoked.
By order of the President of O^^ates::
Assistant Adjutant General,
The Secretary of War, in a communication
to this House on this subject of date of April
18, 18G6, (Ex. Doc. No. 90, first session Thirty-
Ninth Congress,) states that—
"Claims continued to bo presented after the expi-
ration of the time specified in that order; and on the
16th instant, a year having elapsed from the date of
the murder of Mr. Lincoln, it was considered that
ample time had been allowed and the commission
were directed to make their final report."
The final report of said commission was
made January 13, 1866, and their findings and
awards, without the evidence, will be found in
said Executive Document No. 90, first session
Thirty-Ninth Congress, and byjt the reward
for the capture of Jefferson Davis was awarded
to Lieutenant Colonel Pritchardand the fourth
Michigan cavalry under his command, as stated
in the present report of the Committee of
Claims now under consideration. The entire
evidence upon which said awards for the ap-
prehension of Jefferson Davis were made will
be found in Senate Executive Document No.
64, first session Thirty-Ninth Congress, hav-
ing been communicated to the Senate by the
Secretary of War in compliance with a resolu-
tion of that body calling upon him for the
same.
The reports and evidence on behalf of the
claim of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Harnden,
three officers, and one hundred and forty-eight
non-commissioned officers and men of the first
Wisconsin cavalry, for arrest of Davis, is con-
tained therein, and the report of the commission
states that the said claimants were adjudged to
be not entitled to the reward under the terms of
the published offers. (House Ex. Doc. No. 90,
first session Thirty-Ninth Congress, pp. 22, 23.)
The subject having been referred to the Com-
mittee ot Claims in the House of the Thirty-
NinthCongress, Mr. Hotchkiss, from said com-
mittee, on the 24th day of J uly, 1866, reported
a bill authorizing the payment of the various
rewards offered for the capture of the assas-
sins, and for the capture of Jefferson Davis,
the said bill, so far as the captors of Davis
were concerned, following out the finding and
award of said commission, and of which the
bill presented by me was a copy. Said bill
was ordered to be printed and the further con-
sideration of the same was postponed till the
next day. On being taken up in the House,
that portion of it relating to the reward offered
for the arrest of Jefferson Davis was objected to,
and it being just at the close of the session and
little time left for debate, and as delay would
be likely to kill the whole bill and thus defeat
the payment of claims for the other rewards,
a substitute was adopted leaving out from the
bill all that part of it relating to the reward
offered for the capture of Jefferson Davis, and
the bill thus substituted passed on or about
the last day of the session, with some amend-
ments. Up to this time no application or
claim for the reward had been made on the
part of any one save the officers and men of
the fourth Michigan and first Wisconsin cavalry,
although the report of General Wilson and his
recommendations in regard to the capture and
the reward were returned and filed with the
evidence before the commission which made
the finding and award heretofore referred to,
and notwithstanding the publication of the
order for the presentation of claims as herein-
before stated.
On the 15th January, 1807, on the motion of
one of the Wisconsin delegation in the House,
[Mr. Cobb,] an order was passed for the Com-
mittee of Claims to take certain testimonj' in
the case, which testimony, as far as taken, was,
on the 2d March, 1867, just at the close of the
session, ordered to be printed, and will be
found in Miscellaneous Document No. 82, sec-
ond session Thirty-Ninth Congress. It con-
tains a further report of General Wilson, and
also a further statement, with an application
or claim on his part, of date of January 27,
1867, for a portion of the reward. Also, the
