1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
the other departments, instead of supporting
it as they ^should, generally disregard and
de:\ ;t. Never does it interfere to prevent the
usurpation of political power, seldom to redress
us wrongs, and is always too late to do essen-
tial good. Such has always been its dilatory,
slow, inefficient, restricted, and indirect move-
ments to hold the Government of the I nited
States and its separate departments within
their constitutional spheres. Ihis tribunal, to
decide controversies relating to the boundary
between the jurisdictions ot the l nited States
and the States as established by the Constitu-
tion, and upon which Mr. Madison then relied
wuh so much hope, has failed in the perform-
ance of tiiat great otlice; and a resort has been
had to that alternative of which he so often
warned his countrymen—the sword. We have
experienced the terrible processes and forms,
and the bloody mesne judgments of this arbiter;
but, tne final judgment has not been rendered,
and who desires to await it ? Who doubts that
it would be what it always has been—the over-
throw of constitutional government and popu-
lar liberty?
1 he causes which will bring on another civil
war are actively and energetically at work, and
unless they are removed or essentially miti-
gated it wiil come and will not long be post-
poned. A faction in power is always willing
to hold on to it at the cost of civil war and
revolution, and the faction that now holds the
Government has that purpose preeminently;
and in the course of events the one that sup-
plants it in power will have an increased desire
and tenacity in holding on to it. Ttie un-
changeable law of factions is, that the succes-
sor, besides its own proper stock, inherits the
machinery, profligacy, and desperation of the
predecessor. It is the protracted conflicts of
fictions, ever increasing in intensity and cor-
ruption and involving the people on the one
side or tue other, that is the inherent inlirmity
of our system, and that will sooner or later
overthrow it. The sharp and bloody sword
of civil war is alien, unfriendly, and destruc-
tive of that system, and to avert this sword a
peaceful and efficient arbiter to decide great
political questions must be provided; and I
Iw.ieve it would be found in some such tri-
bunal as is contemplated by my proposition.
If it had been in existence it would have
sailed the gerin of the iate rebellion before it
broke out; if it were timely organized I be-
lieve it would prevent the threatened war, not
to keep down or restore slavery, not a sectional
war upon local ideas, but a war to uphold,
preserve, and perpetuate our system of gen-
eral and State governments and all the essen-
tal principles of the Constitution; an interne-
cine war, pervading every State and neighbor-
hood, ferocious, bloody, and destructive be-
yond example in Christendom. I believe the
action of such a tribunal would have a mate-
rial tendency to strangle faction, the demon
of popular government, and to make a resort
to the sword for the settlement of political
question* unnecessary and difficult, if not im-
possible, and that it would add ages to the
duration of our great Republic of nation and
States.
Mr. XVK. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to under-
stand what U the fjuestion before the Seriate?
J he PRESIDES V pro tempore. I suppose
the question before the Senate is the unfinished
business of vesterday, the bill (£1. It. N'o. 2115)
to suspend further reduction of the currency.
Several Senators, (to Mr. Nve.) Go on.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I do not rise for
the purpose of making a speech; but being very
forcibly impressed with the short speech that
I have just heard, I thought perhaps a passing
remark or two would not be out of place. The
honorable Senator from Kentucky who has just
taken his seat has alluded to that era of good
feeling when Lee and his army surrendered.
Had it not been, he says, for the action of the
Chief Justice and the Kadical Congress that j
harmony would have ripened into affection ere '
this. The idea suggested itself to me that it i
was a great pitv that the honorable Senator did
not surrender at the time that Lee and his army
dul. [Laughter.] If I understand the result
of that eontliet, the Union army conquered as
well the heresy of secession as the body of the
rebel army ; but with a tenacity for which the
honorable Senator is remarkable he yet follows
the ignis J'atuus of State rights as though the
doctrine had not been exploded, and complains
of the diabolism of Radicalism that would ensue
if this court was reduced to the dimensions to
which Congress propose that it should be. I
congratulate the Democracy, of which the hon-
orable Senator is now so shining a member,
that they have at last entered upon the lield of
progress, and that their course of correcting
evil is so directly opposite to the course pursued
by the majority of Congress. We propose to
have six judges, they thirty-seven ; and I have
no doubt the honorable Senator from Kentucky
Hatters himself that he would be one of the
thirty-seven, and that if able to write the speech
just delivered he would be just as able to de-
liver certainly long and undoubtedly very able
opinions on all questions of constitutional right.
It seems to me that, if we are to settle these
questions in our lifetime, and opinions of that
length are to be given, the less judges we have
the sooner they will be settled. [Laughter.]
I was surprised to hear the honorable Sena-
tor, a man so remarkable for his courtesy to
political opponents, speak in the language that
he did of two of the most eminent judges that
grace the bench of the Supreme Court of the
United States. He is particularly severe upon
Judge Chase, praising in strong terms his abil-
ity, but detracting from him as a lawyer. Now,
sir, as I understand, Judge Chase not only was
educated as a lawyer, but a most profound one;
he sat here in this District at the feet of Gam-
aliel, studying his profession with WilliamWirt,
(the brightest luminary our country ever pro-
duced, J a southern gentleman ; and let it not
be said by the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky that any of his pupils were not profound.
The Chief Justice's opinions have made his
pathway through life luminous—a man whose
opinions form his best defense against any
attack from his assailants. And especially
surprised was I that the honorable Senator
should attack Judge Swayne, and say that he
came from an obscure town in the State of
Ohio. Not very obscure, sir, is the city of
Columbus. It is the local point from which
radiates much of the intelligence of that great
State, and it is felt even over the borders of
the State of Kentucky. My surprise was in-
creased when I heard him denounce him as an
Ohio man. Why, sir, he is a valiant south-
erner, born and reared in the State of Virginia,
under the influences of that gallant chivalry
which always pervaded Virginia. His crime
in the eyes of the honorable Senator is that he
has not been as stupidly blind and as madly
blind to his duties as the great mass of those
among whom he was reared. He is a man
whose manhood arose with the magnitude of
the questions presented to him, and "who was
aide to shake off the shackles and prejudices
of his birthplace and to stand by the country
as an entirety. For that reason the honorable
Senator thinks him incapable of discharging
the duties that he would have these thirty-
seven men to perform.
Mr. President, I apprehend the Senator
from Kentucky would not like to make in the
presence of Judge Swayne the speech that he
has made here to-day. I do not think he
would like to stand up in his presence, or in
that court, and say, Sir, you are a man of
that subtle material and that weak intellect
that Judge Chase shall warp yon to any opin-
ion he desires you to make for the purpose of
enabling him to reach the Presidency, so that
you may occupy the position of Judge Chase
upon the bench," and yet, sir, that is the lan-
guage which from the universally courteous
Senator from Kentucky goes out to the world,
not only to our own people but to foreign
countries, that this man Judge Swayne is of
such feeble and supple material that he but
echoes the voice of the Chief Justice, panting
tor his place as the Chief Justice pants for the
Presidency. I think my friend has consulted
largely his imagination. I think that in the
length of the speech he forgot what he started
with, and his very pen seemed to get tired, so
that it puzzled him to read it before he closed.
[Laughter.] I hope that Judge Swayne and
Judge Chase will outlive this attack, that
the Supreme Court will stand. 1 think that
the places of Taney and of Marshall, who
was from an obscure town in Virginia, will
not be disgraced or degraded by such men as
Judge Chase and Judge Swayne, who, in the
vigor of their manhood and in the virtue of their
character, have declared that the policy advo-
cated by the distinguished Senator from Ken-
tucky and those who act with him is at war
with the best interests of this country, and if
adopted would prove its ruin.
PURCHASE OF PAPER AT TI1K TREVStTltY.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me a
word?
Mr. RAMSEY*. I have charge of a little
resolution which I very much desire to call
up now. Unless it is brought to the attention
of the Senate to-day it will be too late.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not detain the Senate
five minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will call up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. RAMSEY. I rise to ask the Senator
from Ohio to allow me to call up a joint reso-
lution reported by the Committee on Post
Offices and Post ltoads which, if it is passed
to-day, will save to the Treasury of the United
States some twenty or thirty thousand dollars
iu the small contract for wrapping-paper for
the Post Office Department.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I give the
Senator notice that I shall oppose it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Min-
nesota will send the resolution to the desk and
have it read, and no one objects to it, I will
consent to its passage.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 7G, authorizing the several Executive
Departments of the Government to purchase
paper and envelopes of the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear it read through.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, which
proposes to authorize the War, Navy, and Post
Office Departments to purchase from the Treas-
ury Department, and the Treasury Department
to sell, such paper and envelopes as the con-
venience or necessity of the respective Depart-
ments may require, without previous advertise-
ment inviting proposals therefor, if in all cases
such purchases can be made of the Treasury
Department at prices at least twenty per cent,
lower than the same article or articles can be
purchased in open market.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now, if the Senate will
allow me, I will make a brief explanation of
this resolution. The Post Office Department
advertises annually for wrapping-paper to be
distributed to the various post offices of the
United States. This paper costs about one
hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. This resolution will lead
to debate. I trust, therefore, the Senator will
not press it now.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not think it will lead
to debate. I am sure the Senate, after a brief
explanation, will consentto pass the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I never knew anything
to pass the Senate without debate.
Mr. RAMSEY. In the Treasury, out of
the canceled paper which they are required to
destroy, they manufacture paper, and they can
furnish the Post Office Department with this
wrapping-paper at twenty or thirty per cent,
less than it can buy it for in open market. It
seems unreasonable that the Post Office De-
partment should not be allowed the opportu-
nity to save tliis amount of money to the
Treasury. To-morrow is-assigned for the let-
ting by the Postmaster General of this wrap-
