500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
ping-paper, twine. &c. If the Senate passes
this resolution through any one stage to-day
the Postmaster General will take notice of that
fact and suspend the letting. It cannot pass
both Houses and become a law before to-mor-
row ; but if this body will give it one reading
that will probably answer the purpose I have
in view at this time. Twenty thousand dollars
can be saved by this action, and 1 hope the
Senator from Vermont will not persist in his
opposition to a resolution which saves even
that much money to the Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I certainly
must rise to oppose this resolution for many
reasons. Instead of being a saving to the Gov-
ernment of $20,000 I predict that it would
involve the country in an expense of more than
one hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am utterly
hostile to having the Treasury Department
embark in any other business than that in
which it is now engaged. It seems to me it is
quite enough that it should carry on the print-
ing business in addition to the finances with-
out undertaking the manufacture of rags. I
am opposed to this resolution for the reason
that there cannot be a saving by it, in my judg-
ment, of a picayune. If the Treasury Depart-
ment has any old waste paper or pulp let it
sell it, and not undertake to destroy that line,
magnificent building, which has been erected
at a cost of $5,000,000, by the erection of
further machinery in it calculated to unsettle
its foundations and utterly destroy it. Sir,
there is no more unhealthy business that can
be engaged in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of
order. This discussion is out of order.
The PRESIDE XT pro tempore. The reso-
lution cannot be discussed until it is before the
Senate. The proper way for the Senator from
Ohio is to object to the consideration of the
resolution at this time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have objected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As the chair-
man of the Post Office Committee was allowed
to argue the resolution, I merely rose to say
a word in response.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was merely to give
information, to know whether the Senate would
agree to take it up or not; but I insist now on
the regular order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
desire to discuss it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will lead to discussion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. House bill
No. 213 is the business regularly before the
Senate, and nothing else is in order.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will not the Senator from
Ohio allow this little resolution to be disposed
of now ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have nothing to do with
that question. I simply call for the regular
order of business.
MESSAGE FUOM THE IIOCSE
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. MoPiikiison, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
223) in relation to islands in the Great Miami
river, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had non-concurred in the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. li. No. 207) to provide
for the exemption of cotton from internal tax.
CONTRACTION' OF Till: CU1UIENCV.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 213) to suspend further reduction
of the currency is before the Senate as in
Oommittee of the Whole, the pending question
being on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buckaeew,] to strike out
in the thirteenth and fourteenth lines the words
" Congress shall otherwise provide," and to in-
sert "the lstday of July next," upon which the
Senator from Pennsylvania is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I was not awaro that I
had the floor. I said on a former occasion all
ihat 1 c.ire to say on this amendment. I am
quite willing that the vote should be taken.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 desired the other day when
the Senator from Pennsylvania was on the floor,
in reference to this amendment, to ask him a
question for information in regard to it; but I
did not have the opportunity. I would inquire
now of the Senator from Pennsylvania what is
the particular reason for fixing the period of
this suspension to expire on the 1st of July
next, and if the honorable Senator will favor
me I will wait for the answer.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I stated at the time of
offering the amendment several reasons in
favor of fixing this particular day. I do not
think it necessary to repeat that statement at
length. I will, however, mention one consid-
eration, which I suppose to be sufficient, and
it is as to the particular time. It is this : that
on the 1st of .Inly we shall be at, or nearly at
the end of the session of Congress, and between
the present date and that time there will be
full opportunity afforded to consider the sub-
ject involved in this bill, and also to consider
the other subjects connected with it; in short,
to consider generally the subject of our
finances, including the currency, the banking
system, and the public debt.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not perceive in the rea-
sons assigned by the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania any ground for requiring the
designation of the 1st of July next that would
not be equally strong in favor of a subsequent
period or even a prior one. My own impres-
sion is that there is another period which per-
haps would answer just as well. I am inclined
to think that the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania has fixed upon the 1st of July with
some considerations in his mind which he has
not been pleased to express to the Senate. It
would be a very convenient thing, indeed, for
the party that he represents on this floor to
have the time of suspension cut short on the
1st of July, and then to resume contraction
inflexibly at the rate of 84,000,000 a month;
and then for the honorable Senator and those
who agree with him to point the people of the
country to the mischief and ruin that is com-
ing upon the country through the ascendency
of this Republican party.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Will the Senator per-
mit me to make a remark?
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The first time the idea
which the Senator now mentions has presented
itself to my mind is the present moment. It
comes to me entirely from his suggestion. I
take it for granted that during the present ses-
sion of Congress, and before the 1st day of
July, there will be action on this subject. My
motion was made with reference to that expect-
ation ; and upon a former occasion I stated
frankly and fully to the Senate all the consid-
erations in its favor that had occurred to my
mind. If the gentleman chooses to carry the
discussion of my amendment over into a field
which I have not traversed, and to which I have
not invited the attention of the Senate, it is
entirely his own act without provocation from
me.
Mr. DRAKE. It will not be the first time,
if snch a thing were to happen, that a discussion
has been carried over into a field that the
originator of the discussion did not himself
carry it into, and did not expect it to be carried
into. But, sir, I can see very plainly how it
was possible that the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, though he did not have that idea
fully fledged in his mind, could, nevertheless,
have seen a vision of it away back in the
recesses of his mind that would not be very
comforting to him and to the party that he rep-
resents. The Senator from Pennsylvania, how-
ever, rejects this imputation, and I would sug-
gest. therefore, to him under the circumstances,
by way of showing the entire fairness of his
rejection, that ho change his amendment so
as to fix the time of the duration of the suspen-
sion to the Tuesday after the first Monday of
November next.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
for Congress to fix now at what ti^ne contrac-
tion shall be resumed would be destroying all
the benefit there is in Congress being in ses-
sion; tire purpose of our being here is to
watch the interests of the country and to take
such action in reference to the finances and
other subjects as the exigencies of the nation
may require. I have, however, risen not to
argue this question, but very briefly to state
the reason that will influence me in the vote
that I propose to give on the main question.
I am constrained to do so because of the im-
pression that seems to have gained strength,
that to vote against the continuance of con-
traction implies a disposition to vote for expan-
sion. Let me say, sir, that nothing is more
important to this country, in my opinion, than
an early return to specie payments. That
event is essential to our healthful business and
commercial condition. But it is more espe-
cially important inasmuch as returning to the
currency of the world is the surest if not tho
only protection that this nation has against
indirect and partial repudiation. Conventions,
I observe, have recently been held in several
States, in which the policy of paying the securi-
ties of this country with promises to pay instead
of with money has been avowed. The argu-
ment in favor of this policy is briefly this: that
the Government will pay in the same currency
in which the Government was paid. The argu-
ment is fallacious. When the bonds and pres-
ent currency were issued the vast capital of this
country was invested on mortgage, and what was
the immediate result? The borrower made a
tender to the lender, in satisfaction of his mort-
gage, in greenbacks, and the lender was obliged
to receive them. He paid money for the mort-
gage and he had to take greenbacks in pay-
ment. So he gave money equivalent to coin
for the greenbacks, and with these greenbacks
he bought the bonds of this Government and
thereby paid coin for the securities of the Gov-
ernment, and paid generally more than par
for them. So there is no truth in the position
that those who hold these securities paid for
them less than the Government promised to
pay. The same is true of all the then existing
indebtedness.
But, again, sir, for a year or two after this
issue of legal tenders the currency of the coun-
try was a very little below par, not more than
ten per cent. Afterward the currency became
sixty or seventy per cent, less than par ; but
the policy of those who advocate this doctrine
of "an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth"
does not propose to make any discrimination in
the payment of the bonds, but all are to be
satisfied with promises to pay.
Again, many think that the war ought to
have been carried on with a specie currency,
that the bonds should have been sold for what
they would bring, that we should have sold
them at fifty per cent, if they would not com-
mand a higher price, and have carried on the
struggle as Napoleon carried on his wars.
Then, according to this policy, when we come
to pay we would only have paid the fifty per
cent. ; for what difference does it make whether
the bonds were paid for in a depreciated cur-
rency or whether only half the amount of the
bonds had been advanced for them? Would
anybody have called that anything else than
the rankest repudiation? And how do you
discriminate the paying less in value in legal
tenders for the bonds from paying less in gold,
as suggested?
Aside from these considerations, the faith
of this nation has been pledged to pay these
bonds in money. The faith of this nation was
pledged by its uniform and unvaried custom to
pay its securities in gold or silver unless a
different mode of payment was stated in the
instrument. The faith of the nation was
pledged by the public advertisement of the
authorized agents of the Government that
they were to be paid in coin, and by the
repeated declarations of the successive Sec-
retaries of the Treasury. We may deny it
now, but no one questioned when these bonds
