1884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
court wherever I can, in any attempt to take
such flights.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would like to put an in-
quiry to the gentleman in connection with this
matter, as to the manner in which this bill
came before the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio whether this bill did not come
before the House by unanimous consent, with-
out the right to object being reserved, after he
had made the statement as to the effect of his
bill?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. The amendment offered
by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson]
was germane to the bill as it came before the
House ; therefore no point of order could be
made upon the amendment. Now, I submit
to the gentleman from Ohio whether, when a
measure is taken from the Speaker's table by
unanimous consent, after its provisions are
well understood, it was exactly fair, according
to the usual course of proceeding in this House,
for him to allow an amendment which, though
actually germane to the bill, could not have
come before the House by unanimous consent ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will answer the gentle-
man. When a bill is brought before the House
upon a statement of its contents, if that state-
ment be fair (as gentlemen do not pretend to
deny my statement was in this case)—if that
statement gives a true interpretation of the bill
and its objects, then there is nothing like fraud
or trick in bringing the bill, thus fairly stated,
before the House. When the bill is before the
House it is, as is known to every man who
knows anything about legislation, subject to
amendment.
Now, I have, as a legislator, as many short-
comings, probably, as any other individual, in
not always watching carefully the business
which is being transacted here; but I never
heard it pretended that because a man ap-
proves of a bill brought before the House he
is from that point to curl himself up in his
chair and go to sleep, oblivious of the fact that
the bill may by amendment be materially al-
tered, or be extended to other subjects than that
originally embraced in it. These gentlemen
complain, then, if they complain according to
the record, not of the bill, but of the amend-
ment which was made to the bill. But the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] says
that I allowed the amendment to be made to
the bill. Sir, the gentleman talks outside of
the record. I said I was willing the amend-
ment should be offered and voted upon by the
House, and I made the necessary motion to
bring the House to a vote upon it; and unless
I am responsible as the guardian of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Boyer,]
and other gentlemen on that side, I do not sec
but that my responsibility ends there. Let
them go to their constituents and apologize,
and not demand explanations of me. If an
amendment which was offered to a bill—an
amendment germane, as the gentleman from
Indiana now admits—was material and affected
some important interest in the country, as
gentlemen think, and they slept at their posts,
not observing what was going on, the matter
begins and ends there; there is no more of it.
If the gentleman will dare to say, as I know he
will not, that I brought the bill before the
House by a statement of it which did not cor-
respond with the fact, that would make a very
different case. But he does not pretend to
assert any such thing.
Mr. BOYER. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, yes; I will let gen-
tlemen interrupt me as much as they please.
.Mr. BOYER. I desire to ask the gentleman
this question—whether, admitting that all he
states is accurate, he did not appeal to the
courtesy of the whole House, including the mi-
nority, to allow the bill to be taken up and
passed at that time, and whether, after the
amendment was attached to the bill, he did not
still pass it by virtue of that courtesy, which
he knew was yielded because the measure, as
finallypassed, wasnotunderstood or explained?
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I will answer
the gentleman. I did not pass the bill at all.
The House passed it. It was not passed by any
courtesyof mine, butbythevotes of the majority
here. No complaint is made or can be made
of the bill or anything relating to it, up to the
point when this amendment was offered. What
then ? The amendment did not get before the
House by my courtesy, except in yielding to
hear it read, and then approving of it, and
being willing and desirous that the House should
vote upon it.
Mr. BOYER. But the bill got before the
House by the courtesy of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. It did; and I suppose
gentlemen on the other side contend that if,
after having appealed to the House to allow a
bill of this kind to pass, I discovered and un-
derstood that a good thing was offered to that
bill by way of amendment but which I might
have guessed would not be agreeable- to gen-
tlemen who do not want the insurrectionary
States to be held under law, but to have anarchy
there, it was my duty to run over to that side,
shake members by the shoulder, and say,
" Wake up, Mr. Boyer; wake up. Mr. Hol-
man 1 the country is in danger. this incen-
diary from Iowa has offered an amendment
to a very innocent bill, and you are not upon the
watch; the country is likely to be destroyed, the
Constitution overthrown and the Supreme Court
demolished, and everything is going to ruin.
I beg you to arouse and get full possession of
your faculties in order to prevent this catas-
trophe 1" That is about the position in which
the gentleman has now placed himself.
Sir, the gentlemen on the other side may
say they did not understand it. Am I re-
sponsible for that? If I am to be responsible
for the ignorance of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania and his associates, upon constitutional
questions or questions of law, God help me
for the weight of responsibility which may be
thrown upon my shoulders!
Mr. BOYEIi. I will say to the gentle-
man that he pays the same deference to me that
he does to the Supreme Court. With that I
am content.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker, I am not willing
to have all my time occupied with this dis-
cussion.
Mr. HOLMAN. Allow me one moment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I should have been done
long ago, so' far as I am concerned.
Mr. HOLMAN. In referring to the ques-
tion of vigilance the gentleman from Ohio,
severe as he is, I hope does not intend to be
unjust.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not want to be.
Mr. HOLMAN. I objected to the bill being
taken up at the time, until I was entirely sat-
isfied with the explanation and returned to
my seat. I heard the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Iowa. I saw at once, as
every gentleman saw, that the measure was
germane. But does not the gentleman know
that after this kind of amendment was allowed
to be offered by courtesy all effort on our part
to defeat it would have proved futile?
Mr. SCHENCK. I may be wrong in point
of ethics, but I do not recognize the obliga-
tion  
Mr. HOLMAN. Did not the gentleman call
the previous question on the amendment the
moment it was before the House ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not recognize that
rule of ethics as one which must prevail in
legislation, that when 1 have in regular order
or by courtesy got a bill before the House, from
that time I am to look out that nothing is
offered by way of amendment to which some-
body around the Hall may object. That is
asking entirely too much. Of course the gen-
tlemen do not claim that I was under any
more obligation to one of their party than to
one of my own. If any obligation of the char-
acter indicated rests upon me or any other
member, it must be a general obligation to all.
Therefore, when they lay'down a parliament-
ary law or courtesy, or parliamentary practice
that any one introducing or calling up a bill is
bound from that time on to go around and con-
sult, wake up the slumbering, or otherwise
arouse the attention of each particular taember
of all parties when anything is ottered by way
of amendment to the bill, lest some advantage
may be taken by the sleeping 
Mr. HOLMAN. It is a matter of courtesy
to the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, yes, sir; I do not
think I am any more devoid of courtesy than
others. And now that the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] says he did make ob-
jection, 1 will say that 1 do not recollect it; but
1 do recollect that the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ross] arose and objected, but only be-
cause he wanted a resolution offered by the
gentleman from Missouri first to be voted upon.
He said he would insist upon his objection till
that resolution was disposed of. After that
the venerable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] sitting next to the Speaker's
desk, also made objection, which, however, he
withdrew at a somewhat later stage, and after
some little business had intervened the bill
came before the House without objection.
That is all I remember about that.
Sir, the fact of the matter is, I suppose, about
this: the news from New Hampshire had just
been received, gentlemen on the other side
were flurried and excited and not as wide awake
to all the circumstances that transpired around
them as they usually are; but under the mist or
cloud which befogged them, dampening their
ardor and covering them as with a wet blanket,
they were not on the alert to observe any
legislation that might be going on which
they might think was detrimental to some in-
terest of which they thought themselves the
defenders, and they have sought this occasion
through the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
apologize to their constituents for having failed
to be looking out for what might possibly come
from this side of the House or elsewhere.
Sir, as I do not happen to be in that con-
dition myself I will occupy the attention of
the House no further. I have no apology to
make to my constituents. I will go home and
tell them what I have said to the House and to
these gentlemen. As soon as the member from
Iowa offered that amendment and I heard it
distinctly read I thought it provided for a con-
tingency which ought to be provided for—the
repeal of a law which was likely to lead to ■
mischief by the usurpations of jurisdiction
under it—and I was glad that the House helped
me, a majority of them being of the same
opinion, to carry through, along with an inno-
cent little bill, that amendment equally inno-
cent, so far as the Government and its interests
are concerned, and hurtful to nobody unless
it may be to rebels, who want to be shielded
and protected.
Mr. BLAIR obtained the floor.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say a few words.
Mr. BOYER. I should like to have two or
three minutes.
Mr. BLAIR. If the gentlemen will allow
me a moment I think I can make a suggestion
which will be satisfactory to all. So much
time has been occupied by this discussion and
the hour is so late that T ask that I may be
allowed to have the floor on the next day set
apart for debate after the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Kerr] shall have spoken, and, if
that shall be agreed to, then 1 will yield the
floor to the gentlemen who desire to take part
in this discussion.
No objection was made.
Mr. ALLISON. I only desire to say a word
or two, and I do it because of the absence of
my colleague, [Mr. Wilson,] the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee. If I understood
correctly, the remarks made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Boyer,] he imputes
bad faith to mv colleague in offering that
amendment. Now, it is the first time in the
history of legislation lierc that I have heard
that it is bad faith to offer an amendment to a
