384
APPENDIX TO THE .'CONGRESSIONAL • €rLOBE.
[June!
Ho. oe Eepb.
Purchase ■of Alaska—Mr. Pru\)n.
40th Cong.....2d
4 the President shall have power, by and with the
advice of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two
thirds of the Se^afors present concur,' theHou,se of
Representatives .do riot cloim any agency in making
treaties; but that wben a treaty stipulates regula-
tions on ((ny of the subjects suhmitted by the Constir
tuti-ou to the powei: of Congress, it must depend for
its execution as to such stipulations on a law or laws
to be passed by Congress. And it is the constitu-
tional riKht and duty of the Hpuse of Representa-
tives in all such cases to deliberate on the expediency
orinexpedienfey ofcartying such treaty into effect, and
to determine and act thereon as in their judgement
naqy be most conducive to the public good."
Chancellor Kent, in his Commentaries,
refers to the passage of this resolution as a
matter of "regret and astonishment," and
speaks of it as a naked abstract claim of right
never acted upon ; and argues strongly in favor
of the binding.and conclusive efficacy of treaties
madein the manner provided for by the Con-
stitution.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
the gentleman whether the act passed at that
time for the purpose of carrying the treaty
referred to into effect was.not in strict accord-
ance in terras with the resolution he has read?
I ask whether it did not say it was expedient
to carry .that treaty into effect.
.Mr, Pii.UYN". If the gentleman intends to
refer,-as I presume he doe?, to the act of 1797,
I-beg to state thatitdoes not contain any special
clause of the character referred to. The
statute-book is not before me, or I would refer
t<? it. Jf Congress passed the law, as the gentle-
man virtually claims they did, on the ground of
expediency only, it amounts to nothing, as it
may be said that every.act of Congress is
passed upon the ground that it is expedient.
If it went beyond this and contained uncon-
stitutional provisions, it would be a nullity.
$fct,-WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I know
Chancellor Kent holdsthatlanguage, but with-
out authority. It is said the assertion of power
was, 3' nullity, and that it was disaffirmed by
Congress, whereas I <say on the other side it
was expressly affirmed.
Mr. jPRUYN. This question turns on what
expediency or inexpediency means, and on
what grounds legislation is placed. But I
mqst pass on, as my time is limited. Mr.
Madison's views were stated in the debate
with his usual clearness and as he was an advo-
cate of the authority claimed by the House, I
quote from him verbatim. Speaking of the
misunderstanding which existed in regard to
the position of the House, he says :
"This, however, would well account for the mis-
conception which had taken place in. the doctrine
maintained by the majority in the late question. It
had been understood by the Executive that the
House asserted its assent to be necessary to tho
validity of treaties. Thiswas not the doctrine main-
tained^ by them. It was, he believed, fairly laid
down mjthe resolution proposed, which limited the
power of .the House over treaties to cases where
treaties embraced legislative subjects, submitted by
the Constitution to the power of the House."
In the case under consideration I insist that
the amount to be paid for Alaska was not, to
use'Mn Madison's language, "a legislative sub-
ject it was necessarily embraced in the treaty.
It had to be settled at that time, and evidently
could hot remain an open question.' It does
not.therefdre. come within the rule adopted in
,, f. .Mr. Madison understood it, even if
airthffVieyvs'then held were to he considered
as.sonnd.' ' "
Let u's see what ihe views of Mr. Ames were.
He said:
* If, there be any inconsistency in the oaseitlies,
not m making .appropriations for the treaty, but in
the resolution itself,. [Mr. Blount's.] Let us exam-
rno it more nearly. A treaty is a bargain between
nations binding in 'good Taith; and what makes a
bargain? The assent of .thre • contracting parties.
We allow that tho treaty power is not in this House;
this llouse has no share in contracting, and is not a
party; of conscqucncc, the President and Senate
almie may rule a treaty that is binding in goodfidtb.
We claim, however, say the gentlemen, the right to
judgeof the expediency of treaties; that is Uncon-
stitutional province uf our discretion. Be itso, what
follows? Treaties, when adjudged by tis to be inex-
pedient, fall to the ground, and the public fiuthife
not hurt.. '£bis, incredible and extiavagant as it may
seem','is asserted. The attiountof it, inplainerlan-
guage, is this: tho President and Senate are to make
national bargains, and this House'has nothing te do
in making them, lint bad bargains do not bind this
House, and of inevitable canseaijencedvnotbiwl the
nation." ■ ' - ■
Muchhasb'een said about Mr. Gallatin's views.
I have before me a statement in rega'rd to this
matter by a gentleman who Was Mr. Gallatin's
intimate.friend for ma,ny years, and ivas-Vsso-
ciated with him in bfficial life, a gentleman
we'll known throughout the country. I refer
to" Son. William Beach Lawrence, the dis-
tinguished jurist who''has edited Wheat'on's
treatise'on internatipnajlaw with such conceded
ability and thoroughness.'
Mr. Lawrence informs me that Mr. Gallatin,
referring to the discussion in 1796, said to him
" that it was well understood by his associates
that while exposing the defects of the treaty,
and rendering the Administration responsible
for them before the public, he (Mr. Gallatin)
would not consent to any factious course,
placing the country in a false position in refer-
ence to a foreign Power." We thus see that
Mr. Gallatin, notwithstanding his very decided
views expressed in the debate, had determined
that under no circumstances would lie be a
party to defeat the treaty, and to place the
county before foreign nations in " a false posi-
tion.
That, I submit, is the view which should now
be taken by the opponents of this treaty ; and
I am glad to find that the gentleman who pre-
ceded me [Mr. Locghridge] is willing that
the nccessavy amount should be appropriated,
and the national honor saved by doing so, pro-
vided it be at the same time declared that this
House consents to the appropriation underpro-
test as to its rights. I do not consider such a
protest necessary or called for. I think that
this House cannot by any action on its part,
whether by resolution or by incorporating any
provision of this kind in a statute, either add
to, diminish, or affect the treaty-making power
under the Constitution. There it is for what-
ever it is worth. Thqre it is in all its,length
and breadth. If it is too comprehensive amend
and limit it; but as long as we have said to
the world that this power is lodged in a cer-
tain quarter and with certain persons, let us,
at least, respect our declaration and act up
to it.
As further illustrating my position I wish to
refer to what General Washington said as to the
constitutional provision in his message of 1796,
already referred to. I will quote only a single
statement, which I deem very interesting, in
reference to the powers of the House of Repre-
sentatives. After adverting to other consider-
ations, he says: «
"If other proofs than those and the plain letter of
tho Constitution itself be necessary to ascertain tho
point under consideration, they may be found in the
journals of tho general Convention [wbioh framed the
Constitution] which I have deposited in the office of
tho Department of Stato. In those journals it will
appear that a proposition was made that no treaty
should be binding on the United States which w
not ratified by a law, and that the proposition was
explicitly rejected."
No stronger evidence can be given that it
was the clear and decided intention of the
framers of the Constitution that the House of
Representatives should not in any way consti-
tute a part of the treaty-making power.
There is also another interesting fact stated in
Madison's Works, second volume, that pending
the discussion of Jay's treaty an amendment to
the Constitution was proposed by Virginia,
giving to the House of Representatives the
right to participate in the treaty-making power.
This shows what the view of Virginia was at
that time. But tho proposition did not receive
the vote of any other State.
I find in Lawrence's Wheaton a note on this
subject, to which I wish to call the attention of
the House. Reference is made to the discus-
sions in 1796 and in 181G, (after the conven-
tion with England,) and to those subsequently
in regard to the treaty with Mexico:
"The conclusion on allthese oeeasions would seem
to have been that as the President and Senate are
; by the Constitution fully aatborized to enter into
treaties whenever the aid of Congress is required to
carry, out its provisions, if,the .treaty be within the
constitutional limits, free 'from fraud, and not de-
structive of any of the gi-ttat.fights or interests of the
country, theji,there-is a moral obligation tagrant
the aid, reii-ured. When a treaty .comes before the
House of K. preventatives they are not to proceed in
the discussion and examination of it as an act of ordi-
nary legislation. Suchaconstruetion would in effect
repeal .the constitutional provision respecting treat-
ies and Shtllify the who-le power of the Government
in its intercourse with foreign nations."
References are made to authorities in sup-
port of this proposition, especially the views
of Mr. Prnkney in the case of the British con-
vention of 1815.
But the most marked'instance in oar history
bearing upon this subject is that bf our course
toward France consequent upon the indem-
nity treaty of 1831, the stipulations of which
that Government for some time omitted to
fulfill.
The author before referred to (Mr. Law-
rence) commenting on this says :
" That the omission of Congress to pass an appro-
priation act would bono answer to a foreign Govern-
ment for the non-fulfillment of treaty stipulations,
is to be deduced from theground taken by tho United
States with Fra-ice, when the legislative power of
the latter State refused to vote tho moneys required
by the convention of 1831, by which indemnities were
provided for spoliations on American commerce.
The subject was bi ought to the notice of Congress by
President Jackson in his annual message in Decem-
ber, 1834, with a recommendation that a law should
be passed authorizing reprisals upon French prop-
erty in case provision should not be made for its
paymentof the debt at the nest session of the French
Chambers."
Referring to the controversy, Mr. Wheaton
said:
" ^cither Government has anything to do with the
auxiliary legislative measures necessary on the part
ot the other State to give effect to the treaty. The
nation is responsible to the Government of the other
uation for its non-execution, whqther'thc failure to
fulfil! it proceeds from, the omission of one or other
of the departments of its Government to perform its
duty in respect to it."
This treaty was made by the Freneh king;
but an appropriation by the Chambers was
necessary to^ carry it out. They hesitated to
make it. What course did General Jackson
take on the part of out-Government? He said,
in substance, "We have nothingto do with the
French Chambers; we have the guaranty of the
French Government by a treaty duly made and
the ratifications exchanged that the amount
named as an indemnity shall be paid. We have
nothing to do with the internal arrangements
of the French Government. They agreed to
pay the amount named, and we insist upon the
payment." And he said to the French Gov-
ernment:
"Unless provision is made at the ne£t-session of
the Chambers to pay the money, we will make
reprisals on your commerce."
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to ask the gentleman whether that case did
not rest upon a preexisting right asserted on
the part of this Government?
Mr. HIGBY. Did France admit our right?
_ Mr. PRUYN. France made a treaty admit-
ting our claims. The treaty was made under
all the forms of law, and France agreed to pay
a fixed sum within a certain time just as we
have agreed to pay Russia for the territory of
Alaska.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. It was
to pay a debt she owed previously.
Mr. PRUYN. To pay claims of our citi*
zens for spoliations on our commerce, the high-
est form of indebtedness. After the treaty
had been duly ratified, the French Chambers,
whose duty it was to make the appropriation,
omitted to perform that duty ; and this House
is now urged to imitate their example in the
case before us.. The oases are perfectly anal-
ogous. General Jackson said to France what
Russia may say to our Government if we fol-
low the course of the French Chambers : " We
hav.e nothingto do with your internal arrange'
ments; we ask' - yon- to psy what .yon * have
agreed to pay; and if yon decline to do so after
