1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
were to be sold that tliey were so to be paid, j
Yi"e cannot as a nation afford to refuse to pay
our securities in coin. It would injuriously
aJ'eet the status of this nation among the
nations of the earth. Every citizen of this
nation at home and abroad would feel it. it
would be an example the most injurious to
public morals, and would obscure the luster
of the flag of our country, so that when we
looked upon it we would love it less, and if
called upon to light for it we would tight less
bravely.
Mr. President, the Committee on Finance
has introduced a bill for the purpose of avert-
ing this dishonor of the natiou. While such is
the purpose of that bill its introduction is
plenary proof of the struggle the policy of re-
pudiation has gained, for what other induce-
ment can there be for any person to accept a
five per cent, bond for a six per cent, except
a want of confidence in the credit and faith of
the nation, in the security which he holds?
W ill the creditors of this Government give up
$20,000,000 a year, $800,000,000 in the forty
years that the bonds have to run, and many
times that amount if compounded, if they have
faith in the Government and in its integrity-?
I do not say that I will not vote for that bill, but
I do say that as at present advised I will not
vote for that bill until a strenuous effort has
been made to give the strongest possible assur-
ance which Congress can give that, the exist-
ing securities of this Government shall be paid
in coin. Then if the people think that a new
contract at five per cent, is better than the old
contract at six per cent, with this assurance
they may take the five per cent, bonds.
And, ilr. President, if I believed tli.lt con-
tinued contraction would advance the return
to specie payments without being disastrous
to the business of the country I would vote
for continued contraction; but I do not so
believe. I believe that a contraction which
cripples the industry of this country retards
instead of promotes the return to specie pay-
ments. This nation for its own preservation
has been obliged to make a great funeral pile
upon which has been cat-t all the accumulated
wealth of the nation—corn and grain and
powder and arms and apparel. They have
cast upon it all the accumulations of the five
years of war, and upon that they have east
the nerve, the muscle, the skill, and enterprise
of si\ hundred thousand, I might say a mil-
lion, of vigorous men in the prime of their
strength. This has been a paralyzing shock
to the nation ; and time and industry alone
can enable us to recover; that industry re-
quires a currency; and I do not think the
pre.>ent volume of currency too great. In
1800 the currency was $500,000,000; now it
is 3700,000,000, including the reserve of the
banks ; without that reserve it is $550,000,000,
while the business of the country is probably
three times what it was in 18G0.
We have an immense debt. It is not only
$2,500,000,000 ; but if you include the debts
of individual j, and corporations, and citics, and
towns, and States, it amounts, as it is estima-
ted, to more than six thousand million dollars.
Now if we contract the representative value
of all the property of the country we destroy
the ability of the people to pay, while the debt
does not shrink. Again, sir, by the very act
of Congress which authorized contraction at
the rate of $4,000,000 a month, it was con-
templated that iu the first six months of 1808
there should be a contraction of not more than
twenty-lour million dollars. I do not believe
that it was before the mind of Congress that
during these six months $13,000,000 of com-
pound interest notes were to be paid in addi-
tion to SO,000,000 outstanding notes of the
same description, making in all $52,000,000 ;
and although the three per cents which have
been issued to the amount of $25,000,000
reduce the draft upon the currency to supply
the place of these notes in the bank reserves
as the three per cents take the place of the
compound-interest notes in the reserve, yet it
still leaves a balance of $27,000,000, which
being retired reduces the currency that amount
during the first six months of the year 18G8.
Now, 1 may be asked, inasmuch as I believe
that the currency is not too great, whether I
am in favor of an increase of the currency. I
answer that I am not; that while we must
avoid a contraction which cripples industry
we must also avoid ail expansion unfriendly
to Uie resumption of specie payments. We
should endeavor to find out the happy mean
and there take our stand. This nation is now
passing through a dangerous strait, and must
avoid the rocks on the one hand and the whirl-
pool on the other until we get out into the open
sea, and then our progress will be unparalleled.
It is not true that we are now richer for this
war; but ten years hence the development of
our resources by reason of the war and the
knowledge we have obtained of our hidden
power will add greatly to the strength and
wealth of the nation.
I am in favor of leaving thkigs as they are.
Stability is the most important element in the
business and commercial policy of the coun-
try ; and if our currency was several millions
more or less at the present time I would be
in favor of trying the experiment of just such
an amount of currency as we now have.
I believe that the currency will be sufficient
to euable the industry of the country to re-
cover, and that with the recovery and with
the obtaining of our former position we can
resume specie payments, and then the whole
volume of our specie will tend to increase our
currency by its becoming a circulating me-
dium instead of a mere matter of barter.
Now, sir, with one more remark I close. It
is the duty of Congress, composed of Repre-
sentatives familiar with the interests of every
part of this country, to legislate on this impor-
tant subject themselves, and.not leave it to the
discretion of any one man, however great his
financial ability or his integrity.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DRAKE. I suppose the particular part
of the bill that is now amendable is the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Finance,
which is printed in italics. I move to amend
that amendment by striking out in the thir-
teenth and fourteenth lines the words ''sus-
pended until Congress shall otherwise pro-
vide" and inserting in lieu thereof the word
"repealed," the etfect of which amendment
will be simply to end the whole question as to
the resumption of contraction, and leave it
altogether dependent in the future upon Con-
gress passing an act which shall authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to resume contraction.
If it is worth while for us now to step in and
prevent contraction, in my opinion it is worth
while that we should fix it in such a way that
there can be no resumption of contraction here-
after without the express consent of Congress,
and that the community should not be left
under the apprehension that this suspension
may be removed, but that they should know
that the power to resume contraction is fully
and finally taken away from the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. I imagine that at this
stage of the bill the amendment is not in order.
The Senate as in Committee of the Whole hav-
ing already adopted the amendment of the
Committee on Finance, it is not now in order
to amend it, nor will it be until the bill shall
have been reported to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is not strictly in order at this time.
Mr. DRAKE. If the honorable Senator
from Ohio had told me that when I first got
up I should not have offered it, but I was not
aware of the fact that the amendment printed
in italics had been agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was waiting to hear the
Senator's proposition. I did not wish to in-
terrupt him.
The PItES1D ENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment will be in order at another stage.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well, sir; I should have
been glad to know that before.
Mr. COllBErr. I otter the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the bill:
Provide!, That nothing in this act shall be so con-
strued as to prevent the Secretiny of the Treasury
lVom substituting notes payable in gold on demand
in place of an equal amount of legal-tender notes in
such manner and at such time as ho may deem best
for tlie public interest.
On this proposition I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yea 1, nays 40; as follows:
YEA—Mr. Corbett—1.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron,
Cattell, Cole, Conkline, Conness, Davis, Dixon, Doo-
little, Drake, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Har-
lan, Ilonderson, Hendricks, Howard, ltowe, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Nye,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Ten-
nessee. Pomeroy, Ramsey, Koss, Sherma , Sprasue,
Stewart, Sumner, Tuayor, Tipton, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Wade, Willey, and Wil.^on—10.
ABSliNX — Messrs. Bayard, Chandler, Craiin,
Edmunds, Ferry, Ee«seodcn,(xuthrie, Johnson, Mor-
rill ot Maine, Saulsbury, Williams, and Yutes—lii.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, by the action
of the Senate upon the amendment on which
we have just voted, 1 believe that they have
committed themselves to a continued legal-
tender currency as opposed to a return to specie
payments. I understand that this measure is
the entering wedge to a policy of expansion on
the part of this Government. I have under-
stood that the Senate had heretofore established
the principle of contraction and had authorized
the Secretary of the Treasury tocontract thecur-
rency, if in his judgment he should think it best
for the Governmeut, at the rate of $4,000,000
per month. It seems to me that the assertion
of gentlemen upon this floor that the Secretary
of the Treasury would be likely to contract the
currency for the purpose of affecting political
results is entirely without foundation. I ean-
not conceive why a financial minister whose
reputation is at stake for the well-being of the
country and for the advancement of a sound
fiuancial policy should inaugurate or pursue a
course which would be so greatly to the detri-
ment and injury of this country.
I believe that the policy fixed by the law
which it is now proposed to suspend was wise,
and it was one which was introduced here and
was confirmed by the Senate when their judg-
ment was unbiased by outside pressure, un-
biased by outside clamor, unbiased by the
demand from political parties that tho cur-
rency should be expanded; but now at this
juncture and at this state of political affairs
they propose to place themselves in a position
which, as I understand it, will in thft future,
if not at the present, destroy our political
ascendancy. It seems to me l4iat a sound cur-
rency based upon gold is the only one to
which our country can look to effect a per-
manent return to its prosperity. As I have
before stated upon this floor, 1 do not believe
that under the expansive policy which it is
now proposed to adopt we can export any
products of our country to compete wuh foreign
producers in the markets of the world. In
order to succeed in establishing ourselves upon
a permanent, sound specie basis, we must
inaugurate a policy which shall induce the
exportation of all kinds of products of our
country. During the rebellion, it is true, we
were prevented from the exportation of a large
amount of cotton that would otherwise have
paid the balance of trade against us, and I
have no doubt that the repeal of the cotton
tax will greatly assist us in returning to a
specie basis and enabling us to pay the bal-
ances against us ; but that alone will not
accomplish it.
I voted for the amendment providing for the
suspension of the contraction law until July,
and I would vote for the bill in that shape. I
believe at this time the currency does not re-
quire to be contracted ; and, as I understand,
the Secretary of the Treasury has written a
letter to Congress informing them that he will
not contract at present; he does not Gonceive
it to be for the public welfare and public inter-
est. Under such circumstances it follows, of
course, that for his own reputation he will not
