3R6
Ho-. OF IlSi'ri.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Banks.
[June 30,
40th Coirs.... 2d Sess.
that I ask the attention of the House to the
subject.
The treaty of 1867 for the purchase of Rus-
sian America was suggested by those officious,
inquisitive, energetic, enterprising, and power-
ful men who have made this continent what it
is: by men who went from my own section—
Massachusetts andMaiue—and from the Brit
irils provinces, when, the trumpet sounded for
emigration to California, and who, with a still
more adventurous spirit than that which sent
tiiem to California, were led to the more north-
ern territory, which was then thought to be a
bleak and barren wilderness. They looked
upon the broad Pacific ocean, the innumerable
islands and bays that skirt and cluster upon
and crown the northern Pacific, and they saw,
from their experience in New England and in
the British provinces, what they believed to be
the germ of an inappreciable wealth and power
for themselves and their country. They applied
to the Russian Government for the privilege
to share in what they might do to increase the
prosperity of that country. The .Russian Gov-
ernment refused it. Russia had ceded to the
citizens of the United States by the conven-
tion of 1824 the right of fishery in those waters
near the shore and other privileges connected
with it. Russia believed that the privileges of
that convention had been abused by American
citizens; that the express reservation which
she made had been violated ; that the violation
was inexcusable ; that it was in disregard of
her rights of sovereignty as well as the stipu-
lations of the convention, and destructive of
the interests of her people in that quarter of
the world. And when, at the end of ten years,
the privileges conferred upon us by the con-
vention of 1824 expired by limitation, she de-
clined to renew them, and thus deprived
American citizens of the liberty of fishing in
those waters.
Russia had always been liberal and friendly
toward this Government. The Administra-
tion, perceiving the necessity and importance
ot this privilege, applied for a renewal of the
treaty. But, upon a full discussion of that
question and wilh a statement of her interests
winch we could not resist, she declined to accord
if, ami wo wave thus without any other right
than that of pursuing our course upon the
Pacific as upon the Indian or the other oceans
of the globe. The enterprising citizens to
whom 1 have referred, regarding with an ex-
perienced eye the importance of this privilege
to our citizens on the Pacific coast, endeavored
to persuade the Government to obtain for them
the privileges which had been lost. The Hus-
sion Government declined as before, but it
conceded what was better than the right of the
extension of fishery; It conceded to this Gov-
ernment the right of purchase, and the terri-
tory to which the fisheries were incident was
purchased for 57,200,000.
It has been said that there was secrecy and
mystery about this. Sir, there is no secrecy
lfke that which conceals nothing. There was
nothing to be covered in this negotiation. We
wanted the privilege. She could not give it
to us., Slfe offered to sell it to us, and we pur-
chased it. That is all there is about it. The
motive, the animus, the conspiracy, existed in
the minds of men from the Atlantic coast who,
every step of the way from the Atlantic to the
Pacific, had made this once bleak, bare, and
desolate wilderness to blossom like the rose.
The territory that has been transferred to us
by the treaty of 18G7 is substantially contigu-
ous territory to the United States. 1 speak of
its contiguity, not as being entirely without
interruption, but as contiguous to" territory
long claimed and unwisely surrendered by us,
and as a part of the continent which we could
not allow to pass into the hands of any other
people on the face of the earth. It is neces-
sary for the defense of this country, for the
preservation of its institutions and its powei.
It cannot in the nature of things remain with
perfect certainty, and possibly not for a long
time, in the possession of Russia. It is likely
to be conceded and transferred to some other
Power, and it is indispensable to us that in such
an event it should in the nature of things be
transferred to the United States. It. is five
hundred and seventy-four thousand square
miles in extent, three hundred and ninety-
four thousand miles on land and one hundred
and twenty-six thousand on the sea. making in
land and water jurisdiction between live and
six hundred thousand square miles. It com-
mands a most important portion of this conti-
nent which we cannot afford to leave to the
control of other nations. The peninsula of
Alaska, from the central part, extends into
Behiing's sea. It. is continued by a succession
of islands—one hundred or more—which car-
ries the jurisdiction of the United States into
Behring's sea within five or six hundred miles
of the Asiatic coast, and thus offers to the
American people a territorial connection and
a political jurisdiction which brings us to such
a point that the citizens of this country can
pass in an open boat, not being at any owe
time more than two days at sea, from the Amer-
rican coast on the Pacific to the Asiatic coun-
tries on the same ocean.
It is said that this territory is worthless, that
we do not want it. that the Government, had no
right to buy it. These are objections that have
been urged at every step in the progress of this
country from the day when the forefathers from
England landed in Virginia or in Massachusetts
up to this hour. Whenever and wherever we
have extended our possessions we have encoun-
tered these identical objections—the country
is worthless, we do not want it—the Govern-
ment has no right to buy it.
Mr. Burke, in his speech upon American
taxation, described well and truthfully, too, in
some respects the general idea which the world
had of America and the American Colonies
at that time. Speaking of their prosperity, he
said: I look upon the American Colonies as
ancient nations, having acquired by a long
series of fortunate events unparalleled pros-
perity and power by unequaled industry and
energy, rather than as outcasts, not so much
sent as thrown upon the barren shores of a
bleak anu desolate wilderness three thousand
miles from any connection with the people of
civilization. That was his view of America, and
that was the view of all the world. If we read
the early Accounts of the colonists when they
abandoned Virginia, or of the colonists of
Massachusetts who did not desert their settle-
ments, and what was said by their friends at
home, we should learn something of the features
of a worthless country. Every member of the
House knows perfectly well that touching de-
scription given by Goldsmith of the followers
of Oglethorpe into Georgia, how when about,
to leave their '"smiling auburn" for the dis-
tant and dreary clime, they "returned and
w eot and still returned to weep'' and with what
suffering they encountered "the various terrors
of that hoirid shore" for which they had
exchanged
"The breezy ccm;rts of I be warbling grove,
That only sheltered thefts oi harmless love."
They remember what was said about Louis-
iana at the time of its purchase; when a
Senator from Massachusetts declared that " it
would benefit the AtlantieStates to shut up the
Mississippi river, and he should be glad to see
it done." VV'e remember what was said about
Texas, that part of the country which from the
same disregard of its value had been surren-
dered by the United States in its negotiations
with Spain for the acquisition of Florida; that
the country was barren, sterile, a wilderness
never wanted by us; that it would cost more
than, it was worth, to keep ii. With declara-
tions idee these we gave Texas—not to Spain;
lor before Spain could get possession, Mexico
eonqueied its independence from Spain, and
with its liberty acquired the provijee of 1
There had never been, by any nation, a more
unnecessary surrender of territory. We recov-
ered it after the lapse of a.quarter of a cen-
tury with an expenditure of treasure aad the
sacrifice of life that did not terminate with
those who fought or fell in the struggle for the
reannexation of Texas to the United States.
The acquisition of California brought with it;
the same reproaches. It was called the end
of creation, and it was said nobody would ever
go there. I have many times, heard the Gov-
ernor of one of the western Territories- speak
of a debate upon a memorial he presented to
the Senate at the session of 1845 or 1846 for an
overland mail across the continent. One ot
the first Senators of this country said:
"What use, Mr. President, hare the American
people lor the sandy deserts and arid wastes of the
va&t interior of the continent, or the lock}- coast of
the Pacific, destitute of harbors and unprofitable to
commerce? Nothing whatever! I will not vote-one
red cent from the Treasury to place the rock-bound
shores of the Pacific one inch nearer the Atlantic
than it now is."
It was said at a later day in the Senate that
the valley of the Columbia river was useless to
us, costing more every year for its government
than its entire value. 11 We are going to war,"
it was said, "for the navigation of an uunav-
igable river."
Upon representations like these we surren-
dered British Columbia to Great Britain. Mr.
John Quincy Adams said in this House that
she had no title to it whatever. We acquired
it by the treaty of Ghent, then unsettled our
title by joint occupation, and finally gave it up
altogether upon the pretext now urged in re-
gard to Russian America, that it was worth
nothing, costing more than its value every year
to govern it.
It is but a few years since the whole world
regarded the country between the hundredth
meridian of longitude and the Oregon cascade
as barren and worthless. It was compared by
the officers of the Government i'.i 1803 to the
Asiatic deserts. This country is now organ-
ized into prosperous States and Territories,
and in 1870 will contain moiw t'udii six hun-
dred thousand people; and 0175 of the States
of this region has given ufj in five years an
industrial product of more than fifty million
dollars.
The Hudson Bay Company's possessions in
British America were constantly described in
the House of Commons as " sterile, iee-bound,
unfit for the support of human beings." It is
now called "the fertile belt," which, through
the medium of colonization and a Pacific rail-
way, is to bind together the British American
colonies, and preserve to the mother country
her waning power on the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans. Darin" the present month it was
declared in the House of Commons that "The
British possessions on the Pacific united to ths
colonies east of the Rocky mountains would
make the finest dominion 111 the world."
New Holland was regarded as worthless for
three centuries.; first by the Dutch, who dis-
covered it, and then by Spain, who became ac-
quainted with it. When it fell into the hands
of Great Britain she made it an empire.
Great Britain has never committed the folly
of regarding any countiy as worthless. She
decries a territory to the possession of which
she aspires ; then makes a claim, obtains joint
occupation, and at last acquires a light, it
was thus she obtained of us British Columbia.
With no necessary zeal we declared out pui-
pose to fight for its possession when action
was unnecessary; and the same leaders who
unnecessarily precipitated the controversy upon
us were willing to escape its consequences by
by availing themselves of the traditions of out-
history, that everything is worthless which
we do not possess. The policy of England wug
wiser. It gave to her the possessions on ths
Pacific, and in a similar manner out of a
trauing-post in India she has created an em-
pire of a hundred milliou people. We have
