1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
smn
Mr. WASBBURN, of Massachusetts. I
propose to have a little time for discussion.
Mr. DRIGG-S. Allow me live minutes.
Mr. UPSON. I understood the gentleman
would allow ray amendment to be voted upon.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
stated expressly that I had no authority.
Mr. UPSON. I hope it will be allowed to
be read.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
have no objection to that. I now yield five
minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. STOKES. As there has been a good
deal of controversy about this claim, I desire,
as a member of the Committee of Claims, to
state my position in regard to it. I have no
feeling in regard to the claim of Colonel Pritch-
ard or of Colonel Ilarnden. I have no respect
for persons. An examination of the proof
submitted to the committee satisfied my mind
most clearly that the only way in which satis-
faction can be given is to allow each man who
was engaged in the capture hisjwo rata share
according to the rules of the Army. I con-
sider that Colonel Harnden and his men are
just as much entitled to a portion of the
$100,000 as are Colonel Pritchard and his
men. The two regiments, or parts of regi-
ments, were ordered and instructed to go in
that direction. Their business was to capture
Jeff. Davis. As has been truly remarked,
Davis was then a criminal; the reward of
$100,000 was offered for his capture, bccause
it was alleged that he had been engaged in the
murder of Mr. Lincoln, and therefore all the
men, the colonels, the majors, the captains,
and the privates were entitled to their pro rata
share of the reward.
There was a lieutenant or sergeant with a
squad of twenty or thirty men who were in
Davis' scamp in disguise; they traveled with
Davis, dropping information that it was Davis
and his band to negroes and other persons, so
that our commanders could obtain information.
We have awarded a portion of the payment to
that iieutenant and his squad. The idea of
sending out two different commands to capture
one man and one party, and because a major,
or captain and five or ten men came up with
hnn first—the advanced guard or the men to
the right or to the left—came up with him first,
the whole amount of the reward is to go to that,
little squad of men is simply ridiculous. Ifyou
mean to do justice, you must give the reward
to the men who were in the command and were
moving in that direction at the time. I con-
sider that the committee have done the best
they could under the circumstances, and that
is to divide the money equally between these
parties. There is no other way to do justice.
The idea of excluding Harnden and his men
when they were upon the ground, and in fact did
as much as Pritchard and his men is absurd.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Let me
ask the gentleman who it was that first struck
^the trail of Jeff. Davis and followed hiui for
one or two days?
Mr. STOKES. I think it was Captain
Yeoman.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It was
Colonel Harnden.
Mr. STOKES. I am saying that Colonel
Harnden rendered as much service in the mat-
ter and is as much entitled to reward as Col-
onel Pritchard or any of his men.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I believe
the man who first struck the trail was Captain
Yeoman, and he communicated the fact to Col-
onel Harnden, who followed the trail for two
days.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I yield
now for five minutes to the gentleman from
Illinois. [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. 1 desire merely to make a
statement with reference to the question as
presented by the report of one of the officers.
I have not time to elaborate very much. I
have examined the report of the committee
and I have examined the bill, and I am clearly
of the opinion that it is the only equitable way
to get at a distribution of this reward among '
the different soldiers that were engaged in the j
capture. The fact that any particular portion j
of these men captured Davis does not or would j
not in equity give them a right to all the j
moneyGeneral Wilson, I think, answers this
proposition in his report a great deal better
than I could answer it. The report that was
first made from the War Department awarded
this $100,000 to Colonel Pritchard and his
regiment. General Wilson, in answering that,
makes this statement which strikes me with
great force, that if in justice Colonel Pritch-
ard's whole regiment was entitled to a part of
this reward, what justice would there be in
excluding a part of Colonel Harnden's regi-
ment when they were nearer capturing Davis
than a portion of Pritchard's regiment. A
part of Colonel Pritchard's regiment were
stationed as a kind of picket some twenty or
thirty miles off from the main regiment on
watch at the different crossings of the Ocmul-
gee river, while Harnden's regiment were in
close pursuit and close proximity to Jefferson
Davis.
Now, if the portion of Colonel Pritchard's
regiment, the greater portion of it which were
thirty miles off acting as picket guards at the
crossings of the Ocmulgee river, are entitled
to a portion of this money, I would ask with
what justice we can exclude Harnden's men
who were in close pursuit of, and in close
proximity to, Jefferson Davis? In equity there
would be none. Hence I come to the conclu-
sion that inasmuch as you cannot distribute
this money according to the law of prizes—
which would not be fair, giving the officers the
greater portion, and very little to the men—I
come to the conclusion that the committee
have recommended what is just und equitable
in the premises ; that is, to divide the money
fairly between both regiments, both having
been in close pursuit of Jefferson Davis, the
division to be made according to the pay-roll
of the Army.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
should be very glad to have the vote now taken
on this bill. But there are two or three mem-
bers who insist that they must have a few min-
utes to speak. I will yield first for five min-
utes to the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Drtggs.]
Mr. DRIGGS. I am very much obliged to
the gentleman for the five minutes he has
yielded to me. 1 urged him to allow me eight
minutes, and even then the members from the
State of Michigan would have had less than
half an hour in which to present their view of
this matter. As I have not time to make the
remarks I would like to submit, I will merely
ask the Clerk to read a letter from Colonel
Pritchard on this subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
Ai,i,egon, December 2tf, 1867.
Dear Sir: In compliance with your request of the
16th instant I transmit herewith copies ot my repoits
of the Davis capture, together with extracts from the
reports of Colonel Minty to General Wilson setting
forth the orders under which I acted in the pursuit
and capture, together with such othorstatements and
references as I think may be of use to you in pre-
paring your argument, First 1 give you the orders
as embodied in the official report of Colonel Minty,
namely:
[Extract.]
"On the evening of the 7th instant the major gen-
eral commanding directed me to make immediate
arrangements to prevent the escape of Jefferson Davis
across thcOcmulgee and Flintrivcrs, south of Macon.
"I already had pickcts at all fords and ferries as far
south asHawkiusvillc. I directed Lieutenant Colonel
Pritchard, commanding fourth Michigan cavalry, to
march at six o'clock p.m. with his regiment, move as
rapidly as possible to Spalding, Irwin county, and
there establish his headquarters, leaving pickets at
all fords and ferries between Hawkinsville and that
place and also to picket from there to the mouth ot
the Oconee liver; but if he found that D.ivis had
already crossed the Ocmulgee to iollow and capture
or kill hiui."
These orders were given to me verbally by Colonel
Minty in person and from the maps which wo then
had before us of the countrv, Colonel Mmty saying
at the time that any orders which could be given
would and couid be only an outline of operations
which it might be necessary to change or abandon
entirely upon arriving upon the ground, and that I
would be at liberty to make any change in the distri-
bution of the forces thai" I might think best after
arriving on the ground, and the entire details of
operations were left wholly to ray discretion with
unlimited range in case of necessity. There can bo
no question or doubt in regard to the orders being
sulheient to cover the whole confederacyif itbeeauie
necessary in pursuit.
I loft Macon at eight o'cioek p. m. of May 7 and
marched all night, halting on the morning of the 8th
at nine o'clock and rested until ten o'clock p. m. in
order to feed, groom, and rest the horses, having
marched thiity-six miles. Movingonagainl passed
through Hawkinsvillo just at sunset, halting tor the
night three miles below, having marched titty-one
miles inside of twenty-four hours. I moved the com-
mand out on the morning of the 9th at five o'clock a.
m.in the direction of Abbeville, where we arrived at
three p. in. of the same day, having inarched seventy-
five miles from Macon. When about one mile out
from Abbeville (and before I had met Lieutenant
Colonel Harnden) I first learned ot the pas-age of
the Davis train over Brown's terry the night before
ot a citizen, but could learn nothing definite in re-
gard to the character of the train or parties with it
further than that there were several wagons, the
citizen denying that he had any definite knowledge
of whoso train it was. I continued to move on, and
just as I was entering Abbeville was met by Colonel
Harnden, first Wisconsin cavalry, accompanied by a
single orderly. Colonel Harnden also gave mc an
account of tho passago of tho train through Abbe-
ville as he had gathered it from the inhabitants of
the town among whom it was no secret. He also
stated that ho had beenfollowingon the track of the
train for some distance on the north side of the river
with a detachmentof the first Wisconsin cavalry, and
that his men hadgono on in the direction of Irwins-
ville and were from one and a half to two hours in
advance. 1 asked him how many men he had; he
replied that he had with him seventy orseventy-five
men. I asked him if he thought his foreo sufficient,
it not I would give him a detail from my regiment;
he replied that ho thought it ample.
During our conversation the subjcct of who prob-
ably was with the tramwasjtalkeduptosomo extent.
Colonel Harnden remarking that he was inclined to
believe that Mra, Davis was with it, as it was reported
that there waa a very lady-like appearing woman
along, but expresslysaid that he did not think Davis
was with the train, but believed that he was travel-
ing on parallel roads with an escort, and communi-
cated with the train from time to time. I asked Col-
onel Harnden how far ho intended to march that
night and he said he should press through to JLrwins-
ville before he went into camp if tho train went
there, remarking at the time that it was very uncer-
tain where the train would go, as it was in the habit
of driving oft' from the road to camp sometimes sev-
eral miles.
The question of a concert of action was also dis-
cussed, but it was apparent at once that no definite
plan could be agreed upon, as both Colonel Harnden
and myself were entirely unacquainted with the
roads and country, and no agreement or understand-
ing was entered into between Colonel Harnden and
myself whatever, further than that oach agreed that
no definite arrangementcould bemade. I told Harn-
den in general terms what my orders were, and that
I would continue to move on down the river and
would act as circumstancesmight dictate. And when
Colonel Harnden states in his reports that ho under-
stood or thatl saidthatlshouldiemainatAbbevillc
on the night ot the 9th, he ismistnken.forduring all
the time I was in conversation with Colonel Harn-
den he was riding with me at the head of my regi-
ment, and continued to ride with me until my com-
mand had passed tuilonc half milo below Abbeville,
and when he left me and struck across the woods to
the road his command had taken he left my com-
mand still moving down the river with no prepara-
tion or intention of halting. These facts can bo
proved by a regiment if necessary. At the time
Harnden leftme neither he or myseif had any knowl-
edge of the roads by which I approached Irwinsville,
and I did not learn of the roads myself until I had
marched three miles below Abbeville, when I met
a negro who was watching his master's wagon which
was broken down in the road. This negro gavo mo
more definite information than I had received before
in regard to tho character of tho train and the parties
with it, by describing the actions of those with the
train. He said that at the time the train was cross-
ing Brown's ferry, one mile and a half above Abbe-
ville, they would not allow the ferryman to make a
light even to make change, saying that they would
pay him amply for his services, and did pay him a
ten-dollar gold picec and a ten-dollar confederate
note; also described the general movements of the
company which convinced me that therewereparties
with the train whom thoy were desirous thould not
be seen.
I then set about inquiring about the roads, and
learned that the road Colonel Harnden wason was tho
direct road to Irwinsville, andthat there was another
road leading into Irwinsville from the river road at
a point fifteen miles bolow Abbeviile, known as
Wilcox mills. This road from Wilcox mills was a
road running nearly in a direct line from Jackson-
ville, on the north side of the Ocmulgee. to Irwins-
ville. As soon as i learned of this route to Irwinsville
I became convinced that it was my duty to move on
this road at once, for if D.ivis was moving on paral-
lel loads it was very probable that he would be mov-
ing oil this very road as iii> course lay on the most
direct line from Augusta to irwinsville, and that if
Davis expected to meet the train there it would be
the road lie would undoubtedly approach Irwinsville
oil, and that if the train was pressed by Harnden it
would undoubtedly break and scatter and dnvo on
to any road which might offer any chance of escape,
and in that case would be as apt to drive over on to
tho road I was on as any other. I had no idea at the
