1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1887
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of
journeymen cigar; makers and manufacturers
of cigars, protesting against the passage of
the bill which provides that a stamp be affixed
to each cigar, and praying that the duty on
imported cigars remain unchanged; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania, in favor of demanding
from the British Government the release of
American citizens imprisoned within that king-
dom upon suspicion of political offenses; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a line of steamships between the
United States and Liberia; which were ordered
to be laid on the table.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented resolu-
tions adopted by the " Grant Union Club," of
Greenville township. New Jersey, in favor of
the_ reconstruction policy of Congress, and
asking the passage of the bill declaring what
shall constitute a quorum of the Supreme Court,
and urging the liquidation of the national
debt according to the plighted faith of the na-
tion ; which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented a petition of twelve col-
ored men of Augusta, Georgia, stating that
they desire to go to Liberia, where they will
enjoy both social and political equality; that
while they have been sober and industrious all
their earnings until emancipated have gone to
their masters, and praying an appropriation of
$100 each to take them to Liberia ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FERRY presented a petition of John
S. Noble, praying an amendment to the bill
(H. R. No. 780) for the relief of Martha M,
Jones, administratrix of Samuel T. Jones, de-
ceased, so that the bill shall have no retro-
active effect to render any persons liable for
using the invention after the expiration of the
original term of the patent and before the
approval of the act; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Mr. COLE presented resolutions of the
Legislature of California, in favor of placing
the first battalion of mounted California in-
fantry volunteers on the same footing with
other volunteers in relation to bounty ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. NYE presented a petition of Anna M.
Howard, widow of Oliver G. Howard, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of a grant
of lands in lieu of those lands lost to schools
by Indian reservations and trust lands, and
that in the disposition of Indian reservations
and trust lands the sixteenth and thirty-sixth
sections may be reserved for school purposes ;
which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the petition of
Frederick Jones & Co., and a large number of
manufacturers of Boston, praying the prompt
passage of the House bill to repeal the tax on
manufactures. As this bill will be reported
very soon, I move that the petition lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 161) to provide for appeals from the Court
of Claims, and for other purposes, reported it
with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 403) in relation to
testimony in the Court of Claims, reported it
back with a recommendation that it be indefi-
nately postponed, the substance of it being
embodied in the bill previously reported.
Mr. CATTELL, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported a bill (S. No. 440) supple-
mentary to on act entitled "An act to provide
a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June 3, 1864; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 900) to exempt certain manufactures from
internal tax, reported it with amendments,
and notified the Senate that he would move to
take it up for consideration to-morrow.
ROAD EltOM PORT WILKINS TO FORT HOWARD.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred Senate bill
No. 331, to extend the time for completing a
military road in Wisconsin, have directed me
to report it back and recommend its passage.
Mr. HOWE. Ifthere is noobjectionfrom any
one, I should like to have the bill justreported
from the Committee on Public Lands passed
now.
By unanimous consent the bill (S. No. 331)
to extend the time for completing the military
road authorized by an act entitled "An act
granting lands to the States of Michigan and
Wisconsin to aid in the construction of a mili-
tary road from Fort Wilkins, Copper Harbor,
Keweenaw county, in the State of Michigan,
to Fort Howard, Green Bay, in the State of
Wisconsin," was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to extend, until
March 1, 1870, the time for completing the
military road and for the sale of land author-
ized by the act referred to.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill extends the time
exactly two years. The time will expire on
March 1, 1868, and this extends it to March 1,
1870. It gives no additional grant, but merely
allows two years' further time.
The bill was repoited to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, road the third time, and passed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. FOWLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 441) for the survey of the Mississippi river;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is a bill on the
Calendar which has been examined by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, but which I
desire to take up now with a view of referring
it to the Committee on Appropriations, so that
it may be reexamined by that committee. The
committee meet to-morrow morning, and it is
important that it should be acted on immedi-
ately. I move, therefore, to take up House
bill No. 819, with a view of referring it to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 819)
making partial appropriations for the expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move the reference
of the bill to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States announced that the President had on
the 16th instant signed the following bill and
joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 376) to facilitate the settle-
ment of paymasters' accounts ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 117) to author-
ize the erection of a military storehouse at
Fort Monroe, Virginia.
CENTRAL BRANCH UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up the
bill (S. No. 256) relating to the Central Branch
Union Pacific Railroad Company.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before, the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. It has been read.
Mr. GRIMES. Let it be read again.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Prqfldent, it is to me
a relief to rise to address'-Wiyself to topics
which are not calculated in any way to excite
solicitude or to create alarm. The bill upon
your table looks only to the promotion of the
interest and prosperity of the country. It has
no political bearing except that in its conse-
quences it may tend to cement the Union and
add to the wealth of the nation. And I will
proceed as briefly as I can to state why, in my
opinion, the measure before you should be
adopted.
It is not many years since Congress deter-
mined, as I think, in the spirit of a wise and en-
larged policy, to establish a connection by rail-
road between the Atlantic and the Pacific. At
first the project itself was considered Utopian.
I speak from knowledge that when it was first
agitated many of the best men in the Senate
at that time, long before 1862, recently after^
we obtained California, deemed it altogether
impracticable. They .thought, in the first place,
that it could not be accomplished at all; in the
next place, that if it could be accomplished it
would be an expenditure which would seriously
involve the Government. But the people took
a different view of it, and they soon imparted
their spirit to their Representatives, and the
result was the passage of the act of 1862. It
was a great measure; great in every aspect in
which it can bo viewed. It was great in its
political consequences—consequences not at
all connected with anything of party which
could distract us, but consequences which re-
ferred themselves exclusively to the wealth,
prosperity, and continuance of the Union.
Having determined upon the measure, the next
thing to be decided was where should the main
trunk of this great channel commence. There
were various plans; but they all finally resolved
themselves into fixing it at the one hundredth
meridian. The obvious object of placing it so far
west was that the benefit of the improvement
should be as widely dispersed as was practicable,
so that all the parts of the United States might
participate in its advantages. We had a north-
ern interest; avast population at the North,
full of enterprise, capable of opening for them-
selves and their country immense wealth;
patriotic ; and they were to be accommodated.
Their section was dotted over with cities, then
comparatively of great magnitude, but destined,
as it was obvious, to become of still greater
magnitude. We had what was called a central
interest that involved Missouri and Kansas and
several States which were to become important
and potential States of the Union
They were to be accommodated, and they
were cared for. We had a southern interest
and they were to be taken care of. The first
tiling that was done when the act of 1862 was
passed was for the several State Legislatures
of the States to which 1 have referred to pass
acts of incorporation by which the roads incor-
porated would be able with facility to make a
junction with the main trunk, so as each to
enjoy in part all the benefits of the great enter-
prise. It was, however, an enterprise of such
magnitude that all saw that it could not be
accomplished by individual means. It was, in
the true sense of the term, a national under-
taking pregnant with national benefit; and as
it could not be accomplished by means of pri-
vate wealth the nation in a spirit of enlarged
policy determined to come to its aid and it was
done. It was done by providing two means of
aid; first, by giving to each of these companies
a portion of the public lands through which the
roads were to pass; and, next, at the same time
giving them subsidies in the form of bonds of
the Government.
Looking at the legislation of that day, its
general purpose, without now taking up the
particular provisions of the laws, it is obvious
to my mind that it was the purpose of Congress
that all of those three several channels which
were to connect themselves with the main chan-
nel, that is to say, the main trunk at the one
hundredth meridian, should be equally assisted
