18GB.j
APPENDIX TO THE C0KGHESS10-NAL GLOBE.
387
40th Conu....2d Sess.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Banks.
Ho. of Reps.
not followed the traditions of the English Gov-
ernment in this regard as we have in many
other cases, where its policy has less claim to
our respect. A largo portion of our people
have rejected opportunities offered us, and
after the fashion of Spain and some other
countries depreciated as worthless everything
which was not in our possession, as it is now
done in regard to the subject before the House.
But there was one American whose whole
career was guided by wisdom in this regard,
not given to all his countrymen. That man
was John Quincy Adams. Assailed by southern
States and defeated by southern men in the
political contests of his day and generation for
having surrendered these Territories it now
stands confessed, to his lasting honor, that no
acquisition of territory was proposed that he
did not sustain, and 110 surrender of territory
that he did not oppose ; and after the lapse of
half a century, after he had encountered the
storms of a tempestuous political life, after
having filled with honor the highest official
positions in the gift of his countrymen, he was
able in this House, for which he always had a
deep affection, and in which he died, as a
Representative from Massachusetts, to lift his
aged and palsied arm, as one treaty after
another came under discusvion, all of which
h;'d enlarged the boundaries of his country and
given it new sources of wealth and power, to
exclaim, as he did in one of the memorable
sessions of the House, upon the subject of our
possessions on the Pacific coast, which occu-
pies us today, "It was this hand that wrote
this treaty;'' "it was this hand that wrote
that treaty"—treaties always identified with
the expansion, and never by his consent with
the depreciation or the reduction of its posses-
sions or boundaries. There can be no earthly i
doubt what his counsels would he upon the
question before us.
Now, sir, I propose for a few moments to
consider what advantages Alaska possesses for
the United States. Is it worthless? Do we
need it ? Has the Government the right to buy
it? I have no desire to affect the judgment
of the House. I do not care how gentlemen
vote. 1 have no interest in the question. I
discuss it because it is my duty. And first, I
speak of its geographical, commercial, and po-
litical importance. No man who looks upon
the political condition of Europe can tail to see
that it is quite possible it may be thrown at a
day not distant into the vortex of a terrible
war. There are to be great changes in the
funire; and it is certain that Russia will be
a".\uug the first and the greatest of the Powers
of that future, whatever it may be._ Whoever
is engasred against her will strike tor the con-
ovum\>V this territory on the Pacific which did
belong to her, and which wib still belong to
l,.r if we refuse to execute the treaty for its
purchase. This is not mere supposition. In
] 790, when Russia declared war against Spain,
one of tlio first enterprises of Spain was to
organize a naval expedition in Mexico to take
possession of the Russian territory on this con-
tinent. The events of the war prevented the
s;iccess (if this enterprise, and left Russia in
possession. During the Crimean war,^ the
French and English squadrons in the Chinese
sea secretly departed in 1853 for the purpose
of taking possession of the Russian posses-
sions inAmcriea. The Russian admiral, Futzu-
ielin, illy prepared as he was for their attack,
encountered them successfully andsthey weie
defeated The British admiral commanding
the French and English squadrons, chagrined
by the failure, or from some other cause, at
the end of the first day's tight took his own
iit'c on board his own ship ; and after a feeble
and fruitless effort to complete the conquest
the .-qufidron withdrew from that quarter of
I ho globe, and left Russia in peaceful occupa-
t'ion°of her American possessions.
The British Colonist, published in Vancou-
ver. sppil-cinsr in vii-w of these event" e-.d en
this subject, declared in 1853 that the Russian
possessions must be English possessions. The
Canadians at the same time echoed the same
sentiment. Mr. Roebuck said in the House
of Commons ten years ago that it was " the
destiny of England to establish British colonies
in India, Africa, and the whole of North Amer-
ica." And it is at least probable, if not cer-
tain, that if in the warm which we were recently
engaged there had been a failure of our Gov-
ernment promptly to maintain its power and
position, Russian America might in the end
have gone to England, Mexico to France, and
the Pacific coast would have been divided
between them, as events might have allowed
their great objects to have been accomplished.
Such was the scheme of the French Govern-
ment as early as 1833 or 1884; and until
our triumph at the close of the late rebellion
Europe had not surrendered, if she has now,
the idea of acquiring the Pacific coast, and
thus maintaining its supremacy upon the Pa-
cific as upon the Atlantic oceans.
Here, sir, are events of three quarters of a
century, showing the tendency and purposes
of the European Governments, unmistakable
indications that it is the destiny of this terri-
tory to be involved in the great contests of the
future, and to be thrown by the chances of
war into the possession ofilsome Power or
Powers less friendly to us than the Russian
Government. When, therefore, the opportu-
nity was offered to us upon reasonable and
just terms to acquire this territory, we being
the nation to whom in the natuie of things it
should and must ultimately belong, it was, in
my judgment, neither expedient nor right to
let the opportunity pass unimproved. How-
ever reluctant we might have been to advise
it, it does not appear to us that a treaty nego-
tiated under such circumstances and ratified
by a full Senate, with only two dissenting votes,
and those representing a, small and distant
part of the country, with somewhat of rival
interests, can be held to be such a departure
from duty and right as to justify the House in
resorting to the extreme measure of attempt-
ing to defeat the treaty by refusing to pass
measures necessary for its execution.
Now, sir, what is this territory? It begins
at the parallel of 54° 41/, running north to the
seventy-second parallel north latitude. The
territory has about the same extent in width.
The southern portion, commencing at latitude
04° 40', the northern boundary of British
Columbia, is the first feature of importance. It
is a strip about three hundred miles in length
and thirty miles wide, fronting upon British
Columbia, and excluding it to this extent from
the ocean. Governor Simpson said in refer-
ence to this strip of Russian Ameiica which
had been leased by the Hudson Bay Company
from the Russian Government, that without it
the Briush possessions on the Pacific would
be comparatively worthless It was leased
upon that view by the Russian Governmentout
of regard for tho'Fmgliah interest on that coast.
This reduces the ocean frontage of the English
on the Pacific coast to the possession of Van-
couver's Island, and a small strip of coast
further north, which, however, without Van-
couver's Island, would be of comparatively
little or no value to them.
In the controversy upon the Oregon ques-
tion, it was the wish of a portion of our people,
regarding it as a possession of small import-
ance, to surrender altogether that Territory ;
and in the final settlement, to use the language
of Mr. Adams, the Government gave up six
degrees of latitude to England without any
consideration whatever, and with it Van-
couver's Island, which was as clearly ours as
ant territory we ever possessed. We suueu-
dered it to England with the agreement that
Vancouver should belong to her, but that tiie
isLmd of San Juan, between Vancouver and
the continent, should be a part of the Ameri-
l,OUQ,V:oOt>S The ];) In"*! I '! rr{. ( ,f i O trrO^V
was that the boundary should be the strait which
"separates VanconveT from the continent.'''
But since that time England has interpreted
the treaty to mean a strait which " separates
the continent frewto Vancouver's-Island," thus
establishing a boundary which gives her the
island of San Juan as well as thatof Vancouver.
Thus the British Government extends her
claims—and if the philosophy for which gen-
tlemen now contend here is allowed to prevail
she is likely to be successful not only in ob-
taining possession of San Juan, but of adjacent
territory, upon the general plea that it is worth-
less, that we do not want it, that it will cost more
to govern it every year than it is worth, and that
the Governmenthasnorightto maintain posses-
sion of worthless territory held by disputed or
doubtful titles. We agreed to a joint occupation
of this island with England a few years ago, and
having accomplished a joint occupation she is
likely to get undisputed and permanent posses-
sion without any consideration whatever if the
philosophy now urged upou us is allowed to
prevail.
In 18G3 the colonial government of Vancou;
ver's offered a prize for an essay upon the re-
sources of that island, which was awarded to
Mr. Charles Forbes, a surgeon of the royal
navy of Great Britain, for a most excellent
essay. Among other things it is stated in that
essay that it was the intention of the British
Government to transfer its invalids from the
forces in China and India to Vancouver's
Island, and to maintain them thereon account
of its healthful position and great resources.
This subject has been often debated in the
British House of Commons. In 1858 Mr.
Lowe, speaking of transatlantic communica-
tions between England and the Pacific coast,
which was proposed by Sir Edward Bnlwer
Lytton when at the head of the colonial offices
thirty years ago, and the more recent proposi
tions for the colonization of the Territories
east of the Roeky mountains called "the fer-
tile belt,'' said that " a colony aeeessible from
Canada, which was accessible from England,
they might hope to defend. But instead of
making the fertile belt a settlement by itself,
they had better turn it over to the Americans.
A colony English in name only, consisting
chieiiy of Americans, would be the most fruit-
ful sourc-c of differences between the two Gov-
ernments which could exist." There can be
no better description of the present condition
of Vancouver's Island and of its ultimate des-
tiny than that given by Mr. Lowe ten years
ago of the probable fate of detached settle-
mentsin ihe lied river nnd Saskatchewan valleys
east of the Rocky mountains. So, therefore,
connection by railway and by water, both of
which have been contemplated are necessary to
preserve th tt coast to Great Britain. And. sir,
within thi° month—it is June yet, I believe—
on the 9th of June there occurred in the House
of Commons an elaborate discussion ot this
subject. Lord Milton, who has, perhaps, writ-
ten the best work on the British colonial policy
on this continent, declared that "the time had
arrived when it was necessary for the English
Government to consider whether it wished to
keep the Pasific colonies in their present state
of loyalty; and that if anything was to be done
to establish a througlf'communication from
the Atlantic to the Pacific they must look to
the Pacific colonies rather than to the Atlantic ;
for the British Pacific colonies," he said,
"derived even their food from the United
States. There was every year a great influx
of Americans into the colonies, and there was
a growing desire- on the part of the colonists
to join the United States." ,
That is the view of Lord Milton, who is ,-a'<i
to understand the position of the British clo-
nics better than any other Englishman,^ nnd
perhaps better than any American, a.riu tins
is while Alaska is in the possession and unuer
the control of tbc Russian GrO^Grnnicut. tno
Hn^i-m Amcrionn Fnr Oompanv  nd the Hud-
