2912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
to add these words at the end of line thirteen
of section eighteen on page 20: " have added
to his fifty per cent, as a penalty and;" then
follow the words, <(on conviction shall be
fined," &c. That will remove the objection
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes^] and will remove all questions as to
the difference between fines and penalties.
Mr. JENCKES. Ithinkthegentleraanhad
better wait until we go through the other sec-
tions; and I thinkhe will find thatan amendment
should be made to other sections also. I have
accepted the amendment of the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] and I ask for
a vote upon it.
The question was taken on Mr. Jenckes's
amendment as modified; and there were—
ayes 43, noes 23; no quorum voting,
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered: and Mr. Pile and Mr.
Jenckes were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes fifty-two,
noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 23. And be it farther enacted, That every per-
son before commencing, or if already commenccd,
before continuing any manufacture liable to be
assessed uncler theproviaionsof this act, and not else-
where differently provided for, shall furnish, with-
out previous demand therefor, to the proper assist-
ant assessor, astatement subscribed and sworn to or
affirmed, setting forth the place where the manufac-
ture is to be carried on, and the principal place of
business for sales, the name of the manufactured
article, the proposed market for the same, whether
foreign or domestic, and generally the kind and
quality manufactured or proposed to be manufac-
tured. Any person manufacturing articles upon the
manufacture of which specific taxes are imposed by
law shall in his return state the entire quantity of
such articles made by him or his agent, and shall state
whether any part, and if so, what part of said articles
has been consumed or used by himself or on his own
account. In case of thesale, consumption, ordelivcry
of any manufactured articles, on the manufacture of
which any taxis imposed, without complianceon the
part of the person manufacturing the same, with
all the requirements prescribed by law in relation
thereto, the assessor or assistant assessor may, upon
such information as he may have, assume and estimate
the amount of such manufactures, and upon such
assumed amount assess the taxes and add thereto
fifty per cent.; and said taxes and per cent, shall be
collected in like manner as if the provisions of this
act in relation thereto had been complied with.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 24. And beit further enacted, Thateveryreturn,
statement, inventory, abstract, or account required
by this act to be made and delivered to an assistant
assessor, shall have indorsed thereon the certificate
of an assistant assessnrof thedistrictinsuch manner
and form as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
may prescribe, setting forth that the said return,
statement, inventory, abstract, or account was duly
filled up in every particular, as required by law,
before the same was sworn to by the person render-
ing the same; and that the same was signed by the
person making the oath or affirmation, and that
the oath or affirmation was duly administered accord-
ing to law by the said assistant assessor. In every
case wherein such return, statement, inventory,
abstract, or account, a word or words maybe needed
to show that no transactions have taken place, or
that no manufactures, sales, or removals have been
made, such word or words shall bo inserted in such
return, statement, inventory, abstract, or account
before the same is so certified. And any assistant
assessor who shall neglect or refuse to sign such cer-
tificate, or to cause the proper word or words to bo
inserted in such return, statement, inventory, ab-
stract, or account, shall, on conviction thereof, be
fined not less than fifty dollars nor more than $1,000. <
Mr. SCHENCK, on behalf of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, moved to amend the
first sentence of the section by striking out the
words "this act" and inserting the word
"law," so that it would read ''that every
return, statement, &e., required by law," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SOHENCK also moved to further amend
the same sentence by striking out the words
"an assistant assessor of the district/' and
inserting "the revenue officer before whom
the same shall be verified."
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. SOHENCK also moved to amend, the
same sentence by striking out at the close tne
words " assistant assessor," and inserting the
weds "revenue officer."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK also moved to amend-the
last sentence of the section, by striking out the
words "assistant assessor," and inserting the
words "revenue officer."
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, Thatthe assistant
assessors, respectively, shall make a general list of all
returns received by them, which shall exhibit, in
alphabetical order, the names of all persons liable to
pay any tax under this act residing within their
assessment districts, together with the value and
assessment or enumeration, as the case may require,
of the objects liable to tax, with the amount of tax
payable thereon; and on another list shall enter, in
alphabetical order, the names of all persons residing
outof thecollection district who own property within
the district, together with the value and assessment
or enumeration thereof, as thecase may be, with the
amount of tax payable thereon as aforesaid. All
returns required to be made monthly by any person
liable to tax shall be made on or before the lOtli day
of each and every month, and the amount of the tax
assessed or due thereon shall be certified and returned
by the assessor to the collector on or befoic th« last
day of each and every month. And all returns re-
quired to be made quarterly, and all other returns,
not otherwise provided for, shall be made on or belore
the 10th day of the month in which said return is
required tg be made, and the tax thereon shall be cer-
tified and returned as provided for monthly returns;
and such tax shall be due and payable on or belore
the last day of the month. The forms of all returns
and lists shall be prescribed by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Assistant assessors shall deliver
their general lists to the assessor within fifteen days
after the day on which returns are required to be
made to them, or, where taxes accrue at other and
different times, lists shall be dolivered from time to
time as such taxes become due.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend this sec-
tion by inserting after the words " on or before
the 10th day of the month in which said
return is required to be made" the words " or
on the 10th day of the month next succeeding
the time when the tax may become due and
liable to be assessed."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to further amend
this section by striking out "fifteen" and
inserting "five, so that it will read, " shall
deliver their general lists to the assessor within
five days after the day on which returns are
required to be made."
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read as follows :
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That where any
return is required to be verified by oath or affirma-
tion of the person making the same, no alteration,
amendment, erasure, or addition thereto, shall be
made or allowed after such return is so verified before
the assessor or assistant assessor authorized to receive
the same. And any pei&on who shall violate the
provisions of this section shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and shall, on conviction thereof, be
fined not less tnan &50U, and imprisoned not less
than one year; but any person who shall have
delivered any incorrect, imperfect, or informal re-
turn, may, within six months thereafter, present
to the assessor ol the district a supplementary return,
which shall clearly and distinctly setforth the details
and items of the incorrectness, imperfection, or in-
formality of the return which it is intended to correct,
and the correct statement which should have been
made, together with a declaration verified by his oath
or affirmation that such supplementary return con-
tains a true and correct statement of all the facts,
and shall, in addition, have attached thereto the affi-
davits ofoneormore persons having personal knowl-
edge of the facts testifying to the truth of said state-
ment; and the assessor shall make due examination
of the case, and transmit such return, together with
the evidence and his own report thereon, to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and if, in the judg-
ment of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, it
shall appear that such incorrect, imperfect, or in-
formal return was delivered to the assistant assessor
withoutintenttodetraud, and without gross careless-
ness or willful neglect, or that a manifest clerical
error has been committed, he may authorize the
assessor to accept the same, and such supplementary
return shall be taken as good and sufficient for all
legal purposes.
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend this sec-
tion so that the last portion of the section
shall read as follows:
And shall, in addition thereto, furnish such evi-
dence in writing as he may bo able to do in sup-
port of the truth of said statement; and the assessor
shall make due examination of the case, and if, in
the judgment of the assessor, it shall appear that
such incorrect, imperfect, or informal return was
delivered to the assistant assessor without intent to
defraud, and without gross carelessness or willful
neglect, or that a manifest clerical error has been
committed, he may accept the same, and such sup-
plementary return shall be taken as good and suf-
ficient for ail legal purposes: Provided, That in any
such case the assessor may, in his discretion, and in
ail cases involving a greater amount than $100, he
shall report the same, with all the evidence, to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue for his decision
thereon; and in any such case, where the person
making such supplemental return shall be dissatis-
fied with the decision of the assessor thereon, he may
appeal therefrom to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and the decision of the Commissioner "on
such 11. ierence or appeal shad be final.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand the object
of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Pola\i>]
is to have the assessors settle ail small cases
of this kind, instead of carrying every one of
them to the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, as is now the practice. Now, I see no
particular objection to the amendment of the
gentleman, except that I think he had better
make the limit fifty dollars instead of $100.
Mr. POLAND. I accept the suggestion,
and will modify my amendment accordingly.
The amendment, as modified, was then
agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read as follows:
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That if any per-
son, on being duly notified or required thereto, shall
deliver or dipclo-c to any assessor or assistant assessor
any return winch, in the opinion of the assessor,
is false or fraudulent, or contains any understate-
ment or undervaluation, it shall be lawful tor the
assessor to summon such person, his agent, or other
person having possession, custody, or care of books
of account containing entries relating to the trade or
business of such person, or any other person he may
deem proper, to appear before such assessor and pro-
duce such book, at a time and place therein named,
and to give testimony or answer interrogatories
under oath or affirmation respecting any objects
liable to tax, or the statements, or returns thereof,
or any trade, business, or profession liable to any
tax. And the assessor may summon, as aforesaid,
any person residing or found within the State in
which his district is situated. And when the person
intended to be summoned does not reside and cannot
be found within such State, the assessor may enter
any collection district where such person may be
found, and there make the examination hereinbe-
fore authorized. And to this end he shall there have
and may exercise all the power and authority he has
or may lawfully exercise in the district for which lie
is commissioned. The summons authorized by this
section bhall in all cases be served by an assistant
assessor of the district where the person to whom it
is directed may be found, by an attested copy de-
livered to such person or left at his usual place of
abode, allowing such person time, at the rate of one
day for each twenty-five miles he maybe required
to travel, computed from the place of service to the
place of examination; an'd the certificate of service
signed by such assistant assessor shall be evidence
of the facts it states on the hearing of an application
for an attachment; and when the summons requires
the production of books, it shall be sufficient if such
books are described with reasonable certainty. In
case any person so summoned shall neglect or
refuse to obey such summons, or to give testimony,
or to answer interrogatories as required, it sha.ll be
lawful tor the assessor to apply to the judge of the
district court or to a commissioner ol the circuit
court of the United States for the district within
which the person so summoned resides for an
attachment against such person as for a contempt,
It shall be the duty ot such judge or commissioner to
hear such application, and, if satisfactory proof be
made, to issue an attachment directed to some proper
officer, for the airost of such person, and upon his
being brought before him, to proceed to a hearing
of thecase; andupon such hearing the judge or com-
missioner shall have power to make such order as he
shall deem proper, not inconsistent with the provis-
ions of existing laws, for the punishment of eon-
tempts. to enforce obedience to tho requii omonts of
the summons, and punish such person for his deiault
or disobedience. It shall be the duty of the assessor
or assistant assessor ot the district within which such
person shall have taxable property to enter into and
upon the premises, if it be necessary, of such person
so refusing or neglecting, or rendering a false or
fraudulent return, and to make, according to the
best information which he can obtain, including that
derived from the evidence elicited by the examin-
ation of the assessor, and on his own viuwand inform-
ation, such return, according to the form prescribed,
or of the property, goods, wares, and merchandise,
and nil articles or objects liable to tax, owned or pos-
sessed or under the carc or managements such per-
son, and assess the tax thereon, including the amount,
if any, due for special or income tax ; and in case of
l a false or fraudulent return, he shall add one hun-
j dred per cent, to such tax ; and iu case of a refusal
I or neglect, except in cases of sickness or absence, to
> make a return, or to verify the same as aforesaid, he
, shall add fifty per cent, to such tax; and in case of
: neglect occasioned bj*siekne?s or absence as aiore-
l said, the assessor may allow such further time for
j making and delivering su>-h return as he may judge
, necessary, not exceeding thirty days; and the amount
so added to the tax shall, in allca&es, be collected by
the collector at the same time and in the same man-
ner as the tax; and the return so made and sub-
scribed by such assessor or assistant asse«?orshaIl be
taken and reputed as good andsufficient for all legal
purposes. And if any person shall deliver or disclose
to any assessor or assistant assessor any false or fraud-
