i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 14, 1868. j
The House met at twelve o'clock ra. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton. 1
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order of business.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask the permission of
the House for two or three minutes to make
a personal explanation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to know what the order of business is.
The SPEAKER. After the morning hour i
debate on the reconstruction bill will be in !
orJer. I
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does that
couie up afier the moruing hour, or one hour
after the reading of the Journal?
The SPEAKER. After the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
ask that the morning hour now commence.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced.
leave of absence.
Mr. POMEROY asked and obtained leave
of absence for his colleague, Mr. Fields, for
this week.
call of committees.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
in the morning hour is the call of the commit-
tees for reports, commencing with the Com-
mittee of Elections. [
The Committee of Elections having made no j
report, the Committee of Ways and Means was
called.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, rose to make a report; but
yielded to Mr. McCarthy, who desired to offer ,
a resolution. j
protection of american citizens.
Mr. McCARTHY. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the right of expatriation has always
been the doctrine of the people and Government
of the United States, and that protection has been
guarantied alike to all its citizens, native-born and
adopted. That any neglect or failure to protect our
citizens in a proper exercise ot* their privileges under
otMcr liovernments is duo to the want of lirm and
energetic action on tho part of the executive branch
ol the liovermnent, the President, Secretary of State,
8iiJ their ininisters_ and appointees abroad. That
CVugr?5s will sustain the executive branch of the
Government in a strong and speedy assertion of
cue rights of all native or adopted citizens now or
htreal'ter justly entitled to sucli protection,
Mr. DAWES. I object. We have had
enough of the Fenians.
personal explanation.
Mr. CARY. I desire to state that I was
necessarily absent from the House last evening
when the vote was taken on the bill reported'
by the Judiciary Committee. If I had been
present I should have voted in the negative.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to say, Mr. Speaker,
tjiat just before the vote was taken last evening
I was summoned from the House and was not
able to return in season for the roll-call. Had
I been present I need hardly add that I should
have voted with the majority both on the amend-
ments and on the main question.
Mr. ROBINSON. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schexck] yield to me for the pur-
pose of a brief personal explanation?
Mr. SCHEN CK. I do not intend to haveall
the morning hour spent in this way, but I wiil
yield to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. ROBINSON. I will only occupy a min-
ute or two. It is with reference to an occur-
rence of yesterday, in which a mistaken idea
was entertained by me that under the. rules of
the House a parliamentary question ia privi-
leged. Entertaining that idea, I held on to the
floor to an extent not justified except on a ques-
tion of privilege on which the Speaker did not
understand me or I did not understand the
Speaker. When I took my seat the first inti-
mation I had that on this point I misinterpreted
the rules was from my old friend from Michigan,
[Mr. Upson,] who suggested that I hadnoques-
tion of privilege, and that therefore I was wrong.
I looked into the rules and found that my friend
from Michigan was correct, but I honestly enter-
tained the opinion that it was clothed with a
certain degree, however high or low, of privi-
lege, and took precedence ot" the question which
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] was
then urging. By reading a few lines from the
report of the Globe it will be seen where the
misunderstanding occurred. I read from the
Globe of to-day:
" Mr. Robinson. Have I any right to put a parlia-
 entary auestionat any time?
" The Speaker. Not now, unless the gentleman
from Iowa yields.
" Mr. Rouixson. I do not ask "him to yield. lam
up to put a parliamentary question.
"The Speaker. The Chitlr has answered it, and
the gentleman proposed to take an appeal from the
decision of tho Chair, which the Chair has declined
to entertain."
The Report continues in that spirit, I always
supposing that I had a question which was more
highly privileged than the one that the gentle-
man from Iowa had.
I rise now to express my regret to the Speaker
and to the House that 1 persevered so long
in attempting to hold the floor by a mistaken
interpretation of the rules of the House under
which I thought that my rights as a member of
this House were involved. *
Pardon me a remark further in regard to a
later proceeding. I considered it my duty to
take an appeal from the decision of the Chair,
which I had tried to take earlier when the
Speaker, as I now see, properly ruled me out
of order. At the earliest opportunity I did
take it. I am afraid the Speaker thought I
did it through some hostile feeling entertained
toward him by me growing out ot the previous
occurrence. I will say that from the time I
found out my mistake I wished to obtain the
floor to apologize to the Speaker and to the
House, and therefore I had no feeling of anger
in my mind but rather of sorrow. But when I
rose to take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair upon that most important subject—and
the Speaker will allow me to remind him that
formerly there were but four votes against his
decision and yesterday there were twenty-five—
' believing then, notwithstanding the decision
of the House, that the decision was entirely
wrong, that the House under any circuta-
stances cannot adjourn, and believing that even
I if the House had resolved that they would not
adjourn they could repeal the resolution the
next moment; believing thus when I rose to
take the appeal from the decision of the Chair,
unfortunately the Chair rose after tlxa roll-cali
had commenced to read somethings some one
near me suggested that it was not in order, and
I repeated it loud enough to catch the Speaker's
ear. I thought he appeared offended, as he
justly might be, if I had objected to his read-
ing anything explanatory ot his reasons for the
ruling from which we were appealing. On
looking at the report in the Globe you will find
that I did not object. I will only add that
while I believe I was right in taking the appeal
at the proper time from the decision of the
Chair—whose decisions and person I highly
respect—I apologize for holding on to the floor
at an earlier hour when, as I know now, I had
no right under the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
that he is never offended with any gentleman
who appeals from his decision when he thinks
the decision wrong. When the appeal was
taken yesterday the Chair desired to find the
Journal, so that the resolution under which
the House was acting might be read. He
could not do so at the time, but after the roll-
call had commenced, and one response had
been made, the Journal was found, and the
Chair desired to have the motion of the gentle-
man from Iowa read, which was that the vote
should be taken without dilatory motions and
immediately. The Chair only ruled in accord-
ance with the order of the House, and the
gentleman bad a right to appeal, as any gentle-
man has who doubts the correctness of the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to now say that
I have great admiration for all these gentle-
men who are appealing to me to yield to them.
But I have committed myself to only one of
them, the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Van Wyuk,] who is now on the floor; alter
thati must decline to yield further.
Mr. FARNS WORTH, I object to thegentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenok] yielding to
anybody at this time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I regret to have the mat-
ter settled in that way.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will pro-
ceed.
repeal of cotton tax.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now report back from
the Committee of Ways and Means the amend-
ments o? the Senate to House bill No. '20V, to
provide for the exemption of cotton from in-
ternal tax, with a recommendation that the
amendments of the Senate be not concurred
in. I will ask to have the bill, as originally
passed, read to the House, and also that the
bill as proposed to be amended shall be read.
If any explanation is then desired I will give
it. If the House is disposed to sustain the
previous question, as I think they will be, from
the emphatic vote in favor of the bill as ori-
ginally passed, we can dispose of it at once;
otherwise debate upon the amendments will
then be in order.
The bill as passed by the House was read,
as follows:
Be it enacted, &c„ That all cotton grown in tha
United States after the year 1867 shall be exempt
from internal tax.
The bill as proposed to be amended by the
Senate was read, as follows:
Be it enacted, &c„ That all raw cotton grown in the
United States during the year 1868 shall be exempt
I from internal tax. But nothing herein contained
shall be construed to require any additional provis-
ion of law in order to authorize the levy and collec-
tion of said tax upon all such cotton grown therein
after said year: Provided, That tho duty on raw cot-
ton imported from foreign countries on and alter
April 1,1868, and until April 1, 1869, shall be sus-
pended.
Mr. SCHENCK. The issue between the
Senate and the House is so simple that if gen-
tlemen will give me their attention a moment
it can at once be understood. The House,
with a very great degree of unanimity, passed
a bill repealing the tax upon all cotton grown
after the year 1867, upon all cotton grown after
the late crop.
The Senate have amended the bill first by
providing, not for a repeal, but for the mere
suspension of the cotton tax; and second, by
confining such suspension to the year 1808.
Thus, instead of a repeal of the tax entirely
after the year 1867, the Senate propose to sub-
stitute a suspension of the tax for the year 1868,
leaving the law imposing the tax in full force,
without any further legislation after 1868; that
is, after the crop of 1868 the cotton tax will
again be in full force.
Then the Senate propose another amend-
ment, suspending the duty of two cents per
pound now imposed upon cotton imported from
foreign countries from April 1, 1868, to April
1, 1869; that is, that while there is no internal
tax there shall also be no duty collected on
cotton imported.
The Committee of Ways and Means object
to the amendments proposed by the Senate,
adhering to their bill as it originally passed
this House, and they recommend that the House
non-concur in the amendments of the Senate.
I do not know that it is necessary to argue this
matter any further.
It will be observed that there is no differ-
ence between the Senate and the House in rela-
tion to the time when this suspension or repeal
shall commence. There was perhaps reason-
able ground of difference of opinion, and
much could be said on both sides, whether
this repeal should be present or prospective,
whether it should relate to the cotton of 1807,
or only to that grown after that year. But
there is no difference of action on that point
between the Senate and the House. There-
fore that is not now an open question.
The material difference between the House
