1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nlent return or statement, with intent to defeat or ||
evade the valuation, enumeration, or assessment re- ji
quired to be made, or if auy person, who, being duly j'.
summoned to testify,or to produce any book as alore- i.
said, shall refuse or willfully neglect to appear or to p
produce said book, he shall, on conviction thereof,
be fined not lc-5-i than $100 nor more than 65,000, and
imi-rhoiied not less than one month nor more than
two years.
Mr. SCIIENCK. On behalf of. the Com-
mittee of Ways atid Means, I move to amend
by striking out after the word "person" in
the first line of this section the words "on
being duly notified or required thereto."
The amendment wag agreed to.
Mr. SCIIEXCK. I also move, on behalf of
the Committee of Ways and Means, to amend
by inserting after the word "undervaluation,"
in the fifth line, the words "or shall refuse or
neglect to make return within the time pre-
scribed by law ; " so as to make the first clause
of the section read :
That if any person shall deliver or disclose to any
assessor or assistant assessor any return which, in
the opinion of the assessor, is false or fraudulent, or
contains any understatement or undervaluation, or
sball refuse or nesleet to make return within the
time prescribed by law, it shall be lawful for the
assessor to summon such person, his agent, or other
person having possession, custody, or care of books
of account containingentriea relating to the trade or
business of such person, or any other person he may
deem proper, to appear before such assessor and pro-
duce such book, at a time and place therein named,
and to give testimony or answer interrogatories
under oath or affirmation respecting any objects liable
to tax, or the statements or returns thereof, or any
trade, business, or profession liable to any tax.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCIIENCK. On behalf of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, I also move to amend
by inserting after the word "certainty," in
line thirty-four, the following:
The costs for the attendance and mileage of wit-
nesses shall bo taxed by the assessor and paid by the
delinquent or by the disbursing agent for the dis-
trict, on certificate of the assessor, at therates allowed
to witnesses in the district courtof the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, WOOD. I move to amend by inserting
a. the end of the section the following:
Provided, That no person holding the office of
assessor or assistant assessor shali be a candidate for
election to office during the time he may hold or
exercise the duties of his office.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am compelled to raise
a point of order on this amendment. 'I his
section relates only to the making of improper
returns to the assessor and has nothing to do
with the election of assessors.
Mr. WOOD. I am aware of that, and I was
about to make the inquiry whether this is the
proper section to which to propose this amend-
ment. I desire at the proper time, and when
the proper section is under consideration, to
propose, for incorporation in this bill, a pro-
vision which will prevent these officers from
exercising their official power for the promo-
tion of their own personal political ambition.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to inquire
of the gentleman from New York whether he
thinks we can by legislation prevent the Amer-
ican people from voting for any candidate they
may select, though the man may happen to
occupy one of these offices?
Mr. WOOD. I can answer the gentleman
very readily. We have adopted such provis-
ions in the State of New York. No judge
of the supreme court of our State can, while
holding that position, become a candidate for
office. The State of Ohio has adopted a
similar provision. Such provisions are very
proper. The amendment I have offered is in
accordance with a rule which has been adopted
by the Department, and I would incorporate
that rule in the law itself.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I have
not made any question about the merits of
this proposition. I think there is a germ of
good in it. Perhaps the fact of becoming a
candidate for another position might be made
a cause for removal from -office. But the
proposition is not germane to tlrs section.
Mr. WOOD. I will withdraw it with the
notice that I will offer it again at the proper
time.
Mv. JENCKES. I move to strike out in
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 183.
lines thirty-eight and thirty-nine, "or to a
commissioner of the circuit court;'' in line
forty-two "or a commissionerand in line
forty-six "or commissioner;" and I do it for
this reason. Courts only 'are authorized to
punish for contempt, and commissioners of
circuit courts of the United States do not hold
courts, nor do they have any authority of courts,
nor should they be clothed with extraordinary
power of punishment for contempt. There
is no law which gives them that power, but they
are authorized to take affidavits and deposi-
tions and to hold for bail. The practice is,
if a witness summoned before a commissioner
refuses to answer, then the case is heard before
a judge of the United States court, and if on
such hearing the party is adjudged to be guilty
he is then punished for contempt. Ithas never
been the policy of Congress to clothe any other
than judicial officers with the power to commit
for contempt. If this is in the present law it
crept in by somebody not being as vigilant as
he should have been.
The bill authorizes the assessor to summon
witnesses, and it requires the witnesses to
answer to such matters as it is his duty to
answer. If the witnesses refuse to answer,
then the assessor should report to the district
judge, who shall adjudge a case of contempt.
We know that this power of committing l'or
contempt is an irresponsible power, and it
rests in the discretion of a court to impose a
fine or to imprison as long as tlie judge pleases.
I am unwilling to place that power in the
hands of any other than judicial officers.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman^ one of
the nicest little States in the Union is Ilhode
Island, and as to her people, the most precious-
gems are contained in the smallest caskets.
Now, although it may be easy to reach a judge
from any portion of that Slate it is not so easy
in the other States of the Union. Far that
reason it has been thought expedient in the
law as it stands, and we propose to peipetuate
it, to give this power to the assessors. If the
gentleman's suggestion be adopted assessors
would have to travel sixty miles and more to
find a judge, and in some districts two hundred
miles. These commissioners are lawyers and
competent persons, and we have given them
this power heretofore. The gentleman lives
in a State where it is not an inconvenience to
go before a judge, but it is not so easy in other
States.
Mr. JENCKES. The assessor will not have
to travel at all ,■ all he will have to do will bp
to send a prima facie ease to the judge, and
in a day he can get an answer. This surely is
not a hardship upon the assessor. It is too
much to have a man committed for contempt
and his property distrained for refusing to
answer a question when the judge might say
that the question was a frivolous one. The
inconvenience is on the oiher side.
Mr. SCHENCK. It will be an extremely
great inconvenience for the assessor to go to
find a judge for that purpose.
The committee divided ; and there were
ayes 39, noes 40 : no quorum voting.
The Chairman ordered tellers i and appointed
Mr. Jexckes and Mr. Gkistvold.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reporto 1—ayes 51, noes 46.
So the amendment was agreed to. -
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec 23. And be it further enacted, That the assesso
! for each collection district shali give notice by ad-
vertisement m one newspaper published in each
county within said district, andif there oeuonopub-
lished in the district, then m a newspaper published
in the collection district adjoining thereto, and .-hall
post notices in at least four public places within each
assessment district, and shall mail a copy of such
notice to each postmaster m his dislnci, to be posied
in his office, stating the time and place within said
collection district when and where appeals will be
received and determined relative to any erroneous or
excessive valuations, as-essinent?, or enumeration.,
bv tho assessor or assistant assessor returned in the
j for each collection district, at the time fixed forhear-
! lug such appeals as aforesaid, to submit the annual
i taken, and returned as aforesaid, to the inspec-
tion of any and all persons who may apply for thai
purpose. And such assessor is hereby authorized at
any time to hear and determine in a summary waty,
according:to law and right, all appeals whieh may be
exhibited against the action ot* the said assessor or
assistant assessor: and the office or principal place
of business of the said assessor shall be open during
the business hours of each day for tho hearing of
appeals by parties who shall appear voluntarily
before him; but no appeal shall be allowed to any
party after he shall have been duly assessed, aftd the
annual list containing the assessment has been trans-
mitted to the collector of the district. All appeals to
the assessor shall be made in writing, and shall spe-
cify the particular causc, matter, or thing respecting
which a decision is requested, and shall state the
wrong1 or ground of error complained of. And the
assessor shall have power to reexamine and determ-
ine upon the assessments and valuations, and rec-
tify the same as shall appear just and equitable; but
no valuation, assessment, or enumeration shall be
increased without a previous notice of at least five
days to the party interested to appear and object to
the same if he judge proper, which noticcshall be in
writing and left atthedwelling-bouse,office, orplace
of business of the parry by such assessor, assistant
assessor, or other person, or sent by mail to the near-
est or usual post office address of said paity. On the
hearing of appeals it shall be lawful for the assessor
to require by summons the attendance of witnesses
and the production of books of account in the samp
manner and under the same penalties ns are pro-
vided in casesoi refusal or neglect to furnish returns.
The costs for the attendance and mileage of said wit-
nesses shall be taxed by the assessor and paid by the
delinquent party, or by the disbursing agent for the
district, on certificate of the assessor, at the rates
allowed to witnesses in the district courts of the
United States.
Mr. RAUM. I move tlie following amend-
ment :
In line sixty-seven, after the words "such tax,"
insert:
And any person feeling himself aggrieved by the
decision of an assessor in cases arising under the fore-
going provisions shall have the right to appeal from
the decision of such assessor to the Commissioner of
Internal Kevenue within five days after such decis-
ion shall have been made.
Mr. SCHENCK. Appeals are provided for
in another place.
Mr. ItAUM. I withdraw the amendment
for the present.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 29. And bo It further enacted. That the assessor
of each collection district shall, immediately after
the expiration of the time for hearing appeals con-
cerning taxes returned in the annual lists, and from
time to time as taxes become liable to be assessed,
prepare lists containing the sums payable according
to law on all property or other subjects of taxation
in his district, which lists shall contain the name of
each person residing therein, and owning or having
the care or supenntendence of such pioperty, or
engaged in any business or pursuit which renders
hiin liable to any tax, and shall furnish to the col-
lector of hi? district, within ten days theieafter, and
from time to time as occasion afterward may require,
a certified copy of every such list; and when there
is any property within his collection district liable
to tax owned or occupied by or under the superin-
tendence of any person riot resident therein, there
shall be a separate list made of such property, speci-
fying the amount payable, and the names and resi-
dences of such persons, respectively; and tne said
assessor shall transmit to the assessor of the district
where any person liable to pay such tax resides a copy
of the Jin of said property for <i?sc?smcnt and collec-
tion of thf> tax thereon. In case it shall be ascertained
thattheannual hit or auy otherlist winch may have
been or which shali hereafter be delivered to any col-
lector is imperfect or incomplete, in con^equeneo of
the omission of the name of any person liable to tax
or in consequence of any omission, undei.-tatement,
or undervaluation, or of any f dse or fraudulent
; statement contained m any return made by anv per-
! son liable to tax, the said assessor may, fi om time to
I tunc, or at any time within fiiteen month* aher tho
delivery of the list to the collector asafoiesaid, enter
on any monthly or special list the name ol any per-
son so omitted, together with the amount ot tax lor
which such person may have been or shall become
j liable; and also the name, ot any person m respect to
' whose return, as aforesaid, theiehas been 01 shall bo
' any omission, undeivaluation, understatement, or
1 false or fraudulent statement, together wifh the
! amount for whieh such peisonmuy belubleoverand
! above the amount which may have been or shaM
j assessed on any return m :de as aforesaid, and ppaJl
I eertily and return said list to the collector as lequireu
! by law.
| No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
j as follows :
: Skc, 00. And be it further enacted. That whenever
• any penaltyshall be charged to ba/reaccrucd against
1 any person under any oi the provi*-:ion 
I nal revenue laws, and the same
j made or otherwise, come to the kuowlei. t
1 nsse^or or a^istant assessor of the piop-* aiauct or
1 diviton.it "hill be the dutyofsuch.^Wr*®urt;
; ant assessor to make investigation ■ a* ocn'ter
satisfied that such penalty ha* be.«'
