1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Banks.
Ho. op Reps.
oh the prairies of Iowa than there was twenty-
five years ago.
Mr. BANKS. I understand that to bo so.
I am glad to know that I have not at least to
convir.ee gentlemen here of that fact. I will
explain the reason of this new growth. The
I'vruiees were once covered with gigantic for-
ests. They have been swept away by the hand
of man, until people are obliged to abandon
then- native mountain regions. But now the
forests are being reestablished in the mountain
country, Acacia seed is exported from Aus-
tralia to distant parts of India and Asia, and
planted upon the most sterile sandy deserts,
where it takes root, and will at no distant
day cover them with vegetation if not with
foiesls. In our own country throughout Ne-
braska and all along the Missouri valley, accord-
ing to the reports of the Land Commissioner,
extensive experiments are being made in the
restoration of the primeval forests by forest
tree planting. And now my friend from Iowa
[Mr. Price] says that there are more trees on
the prairies than there were twenty-five years
ago. He sees the result of that which all the
world is engaged in performing, the reestab-
lishment ot forests wherever they have been
destroyed. They are restoring the forests to
the Alps. The roots of the trees fasten the
soils to the mountain. Even the earth is car-
ried away by the mountain cataracts, and
nothing will keep it there but the growth of
forest trees.
Mr. HlGBY. Will the gentleman allow me
to put a question ? Am I to understand the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] to affirm
that in twenty-five years they can grow good
building timber of pines or evergreens?
Mr. IIOTCHKISS. Yes, sir; they do.
Mr. BANKS. I do notdoubt it. Now, sir,
it is said by gentlemen that timber is plenty
enough in British Columbia, and ill the north-
em States and Territories of the United States,
lo supply the world forever. But it is not so.
it may be but a week or a month before all of
those foreats may be swept auay from us by
fire. It has been the case elsewhere. We
may not continue the possessor of this prop-
erty and it may not exist for others another
j ear. At any rate we cannot have too much
of it. What is the market for the timber of
the Paeilic coast? It is, in the first place,
Itussia, China, Japan, India, Austiaha, Cali-
fornia, Mexico, South America, all the coun-
tnes that line the coasts of the Pacific ocean.
send it also to the Atlantic side of South
America, and even into the Gulf of Mexico on
that side. The unsurpassed masts and spars
of the Pacific coast are sent to every port in
every part of the world. Who is here to say
that we have too much of this property, or that
it is a crime to increase our supply?
Lei me come now to the matter of the fish-
eries. When the committee were considering
the matter of the fisheries, a statement from
the officers ol the Coast Survey relating to the
quantity of fish found in these bays and rivers
was presented, and it was so extravagant that
gentlemen of the committee thought it would
be better to omit it in the report. \Y e therefore
struck it out. But we find it repeated from so
many sources that I was satisfied that it was
not only true, but that it ought not to have been
omitted. The other day Mr. Seth Green, who
is known to all the members of the House as
having had great experience in relation to fish
and fisheries, told me that in the neighborhood
of Lake Cham plain he had seen the fish in the
rivers there a foot thick, piled one on another,
so that a man could not easily walk through
them. I admit the extravagance of the state-
ment, but 1 will give you the reason of it.
Mr. Chairman, there is in no part of the
world, except on a small scale in the fiords of
Norway, anything like the arrangement of the
bays and rivers and islands on the Alaska coast.
There it is continental; in Norway it is imma-
terial and unimportant, because of its small
extent. Here is an ocean covering a hundred
million square miles—the Pacific and Indian
oceans being, in the opinion of geographers
—that has never been fished so far as we
know. The English commission appointed to
investigate the condition of the fisheries of.
Great Britain report that a single fish will lay
in one year three million four hundred thou-
sand eggs, and all fish have to a greater
or less extent a similar fecundity. When we
consider the vast multitude of fish that the i
Pacific ocean must contain, we can very well j
believe that when storms drive them into these i
bays they are as numerous as they are repre-
sented to be. It is not a matter of fancy, but
a matter of fact. The Indians from all por-
tions of Alaska go down to the coast when
from indications which they get from the flight
of birds, whose flocks darken the heavens, that
the fish are coming in schools upon the coast,
and lay in their supply for the year. These
waters abound in whale, cod, halibut, salmon,
and all the varieties of fish that inhabit the
cold waters. Our fishermen do not cure their
fish on the Aleutian Islands or the peninsula
of Alaska, but are carried to Calilornia, or
wherever the fishermen belong.
The Coast Survey department reports this
fact: that the whale fishing grounds of the
east coast of North America are one million
three hundred thousand square miles ; while
the whale fishing grounds of the west coast of
North America are one million one hundred
and twenty thousand square miles—about the
same extent of sea surface. But the whale
has abandoned the seas of the northeast coast
and is pursued to seas adjacent to Alaska,
twenty thousand miles from whence he is fol-
lowed into the Arctic ocean. The cod and
halibut fisheries on the northeast coast of North
America are eighty-four thousand two hundred
square miles; on the northwest coast of North
America two hundred and fifty thousand square
miles, or three limes the extent of sea surface.
The Superintendent of the Bureau of Statistics
informs me that there are sixty thousand men
engaged every year in the fisheries of the north-
western coast of North America. Now, here
are two hundred and forty thousand square
miles of fishing grounds, which will give occu-
pation to at least one hundred and twenty
thousand men in the cod and halibut fisheries
alone. The fisheries of the United States
return every year a product of ip£!4,000,000.
four fifths of which is from the whale and cod
fishing. Of that we obtain our share now from
the eighty-four thousand square miles of the
fisheries of the northeast coast of America,
sharing its wealth with England and France,
who have by far the best opportunities, to
whose fishing grounds we are admitted only
upon the payment of onerous tonnage taxes.
By this purchase we treble the extent of the
fisheries, of which we have exclusive posses-
sion, and of course we obtain a corresponding
increase of employment and product.
Now, let me say one word m regard to the
rivers and harbors of this territory, and I will
close what I have to say upon this subject. I
have only to refer to what is contained in the
report of the committee. These rivers of
Alaska, unlike those of P.ussia, which run
north into the Arctic ocean, run mainly south-
erly and southwesterly into the Pacific ocean,
with one exception. And what is more rare
in the dispensation of Providence, between
these rivers is a system or chain of lakes. so
closely connected that the traders and natives
arc able to pass by canoes from one to the
other with very small portages. It is unliue
anything else on our continent that we know
of. I might speak of the numerous and val-
uable harbors of the Aleutian Islands, but
time forbids. _ _
I come now to a question of practica, im-
portance. What is the value of these^ things
to us? They add lo the_industrial product of
the country, from native mdiiotries atone,
employment for fishermen, lumbermen, miner-*,
colliers, mariners, . ship-bailders, trappers,
hunters, farmers, ice-cutters, and .tradoKS.
From the native industries of this possession,
carrying nothing there but men, we-.will: fiod,
when the resources of the territory-are. fully
developed, employment-for two .hundred and'
fifty thousand persons. A quarter of ft million
of people will be engaged in peaceful, honor-'
able, profitable, national, native industries in
this territory alone. 'That is what, we may do in
the way of developing the country and the
increase of industrial product. i .
I ask the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Washburn,] or any other man, no matter who
he is, or where lie may be from, to point t.o
any part of this continent where there is mate-
rial for an equal variety of native industries.
I ask him to point me to any territory here or
elsewhere where the materials for native in-
dustry can be accumulated to an equal or greater
variety or extent. It cannot be done. I say
here that such employments as are opened by
this purchase will increase the industrial power
of this country at home and abroad by a'
quarter of a million of persons. And allowing
each man to represent a family of four per-
sons, it will furnish a support for a population
of a million souls.
Who is interested in this purchase? The
Pacific States. Will you say to them that
it is worthless; that we do not want it; that
the Government has no right to acquire it?
They know better. They know that the pos-
session of this territory is hereafter identi-
fied with the prosperity of this Government
and the development, and increase of ou' in-
dustry. It was not General Grant alone who
contributed to the great victories which crushed
the rebellion. The Pacific coast has as well
its share of honor. If California in 1861 had
joined the rebels in striking against this Gov-
ernment we might not this (lay have conquered
the peace we enjoy, or have still mourned over
a divided country. If California had joined
the rebels with Prance in the possession of
Mexico and with England in the possession of
Russian America, and they together had struck
hands against this country, the United States
to day would not now have closed its great
contest with its domestic enemies.
Mr. WASIIBUIJN, of Wisconsin.
sup-
pose Massachusetts had joined the rebels,
what would be our position to-day?
Mr. BANKS. I shall be sustained by men who "
justly consider this question, when I say that had
California joined the rebellion and given the
Pacific coast to the enemies of the country
South and North we might not yet have con-
quered in that struggle. It is of no account
to me that the gentleman fiom \\ isconsin takes
issue with what I say. If  i.y views of the
public interests co-curred with_ his I would
think there was no further use for me in this
Hall and would resign my seat. 1 do not
speak to convince that gentleman or to change
| his views. I s;iy California, proved herselt a
| fast and important friend of this Government
j in our hour of trial, and did more than might
[ have beeu expected of her, because she had
j been controlled by the enemies of the country
i up to the moment our flag was struck at 1'oit
i Sumter. But she did better than we ex-
i peeled ; she " huiided better than we knew."
i She gave the whole Pacific coast to the cause
; of liberty and Union, and +o us through
the Providence of God the victory; but for
I that the blood of our brave soldiers would have
j been shed for naught ; but for that hundreds
| of thousands of young men rushing forwaid
from all parts of the country, from the Atlantic
j coast to the Pacific valley, to fight and die
i would have fought or died in _ vain. But the
I Pacific coast gave to us our triumph, and lias
!: preserved to us our country. She asks now
j the extension of our interests on the I acine
II coast. With what grace can the Last deny her
i' request? With what justice can the Missis.-
