1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imi
reason, among others, that in all the papers
which have been submitted here, no such alle-
gation has been made, and no such statement
has ever been made to me by any of the nu-
merous gentlemen who, verbally and by com-
munications of one kind and another, have ar-
gued this case tor the claimants.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator would
read the law, he would see that they could not
get !and_ unless it was contained within the
precise limits fixed; and by reference to the
land department he would see that the land
within the prescribed limits for the first one
hundred miles has mostly been taken up, so
that there is but between two hundred and
fifty and three hundred thousand acres for the
company. It falls short of three hunured
thousand acres.
Mr. HOWARD. The reason is that the
lands have been taken up by private purchasers
on the route. That is the simple ai'swer to
the Senator from New York.
Mr. POMEROY. And there is no provision
that they shall be made up hereafter further
out on the line of the road.
Mr. C0NKL1N G. 1 think nobody will gain-
say the fact that this grant was sought at a
certain time applicable to a certain subject.
Those who applied for it did so with their eyes
wide open. J ust as far as Congress had the power
to effectuate its legislation, it did give to this
company ten alternate sections for evgry mile,
making twenty sections in all per mile, and
seeking it with their eyes wide open, they took
what was granted, be the same more or less ;
but the suggestion that the route of this road
was so far settled that, in point of fact, there
was a competition for these lands, so as to
imply such a value as the Senator now sug-
gests is entirely new to me, and we shall see
that while that argument makes one way as
to the possession of this company, it makes
very much the other way as to the value of their
possessions and the opportunity which they
have had.
Mr. EDMONDS. Will the Senator permit
me to inquire of the chairman of the Com-
mittee oil Public Lauds, in this connection,
what official evidence we have before us as to
how much land this company has actually
been able to take up and secure. The Senator
from Kansas states that he understands it to
be not more than so much, but have wc any
official information from the Land Office or
otherwise, and if so what is it as to what the
fact really is ?
Mr. POMEROY. We have no official in-
formation that 1 know of. The facts are that
the company have never taken any land, but
they have the right to take some ultimately.
They have never had delivered to them any
land as yet, but they have a right to take some-
thing less than three hundred thousand acres.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How does my friendfrom
Tiansas get at that? By guess?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; from examina-
tion at the office myself.
Mr. CONKLING. Passing by the lands
that they received, let us look for one moment
at some other things.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose the Senator
does not like to be interrupted.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon of my
friend. I do like to be interrupted and am
thankful for any information he may choose to
give me on the subject. I understand per-
fectly well that he comprehends the whole mat-
ter, and I appreciate my own deficiency -and
want of information.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator had read
another section of the same law to which he
has referred, he would have found that the
ninth section of the act of 1862 provided:
"Said railroad through Kansas shall be so located
between the mouth of the Kansas river, as aforesaid,
and the aforesaid point on the one hundredth meri-
dian of longitude, that the several railroads from
Missouri and Iowa, hereiq authorized to connect
with the same, can make connection within the limits
prescribed in this act, provided thesameean be done
without deviating from the general direction of the
whole line to the Pacific coast.
Mr. CONKLING. That relates to a wholly
different branch of this subject which I shall
not overlook when I come to it. I will en-
deavor to state what I think that statute means;
and 1 will endeavor to show what application
I think it has to this case; but certainly it
has no application to what I am now talking
about.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator was reading
the provision in regard to the one hundred
miles, stating that in no event could this com-
pany have lands or bonds beyond that. I only
read this to show that the road which they were
obliged to connect with, was obliged to con-
nect within one hundred miles.
Mr. CONKLING. I take issue with the
Senator upon that point, and I will show him
that that allegation is contradicted by the me-
morial which is presented here, by the report
of this committee, by the law, and by the facts;
and if I am wrong about that, I shall feel
that I have failed to appreciate this case so
entirely that I ought not to vote upon it with
my present understanding. But I will come
to that injlue time.
I was saying that this company had received
the right to 1,280,000 acres of land, and the
result is subject, as the distinguished Senator
from Kansas says, to the diminution he has
stated. I venture to make no issue with him
upon that, because I have no information about
it. I affirm, however, that they received also
$1,600,000 in bonds of the Government. Of
that, I think, there can be no question. And
I affirm further, (I shall recur to it again in a
different connection,) that this same company
has received of Indian lands, under Indian
treaties, not less than one hundred and twenty-
seven thousand acres ; and I assert that those
lands are very valuable.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator means to
say, I suppose, that they bought these lands
and paid for them.
Mr. CONKLING. I mean to say that they
never paid for them'upon my information, ex-
ceeding §1 25 per acre, and I mean to say
that in making that purchase, assuming that
they paid that sum, they became most fortu-
nate parties to a bargain, to say the least of it.
I have been endeavoring to show that this
company took by act of Congress very valua-
ble donations; that they have realized, or are
unquestionably to realize everything which it
was the design of Congress to give ; and that
brings me to the special case which they pre-
sent here. What is it? They say that the
Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western railroad,
now known as the eastern division of the Union
Pacific road, intended originally to run to
Junction city or Fort Riley, and thence up the
Republican Fork to the one hundredth me-
ridian, affording them an opportunity thus
of making union with the main trunk Pacific
road. They say that this company has changed
its route and gone further to the South along
the Smoky Hill Fork; and thus they have been
deprived of an expectation at least upon which
they relied; and they say that upon this, as
the honorable Senator from Maryland said,
certain rights have accrued to them under the
sixteenth section of the act of 18G4. What is
that section?
The honorable Senator from Maryland gave
it this interpretation : that if any company em-
braced in the provisions of that section omitted
to construct its line of road in the manner and
under the conditions then understood, it should
be the right of any other company to go on and
complete this construction, and receivc for
doing it all that the defaulting company would
have received. I beg to say that I do not so
understand this section. It is a section, in the
first place, aimed at default in point of time;
and especially aimed at default and at nothing
else. The case of these claimants is that the
Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western road now
called the Union Pacific road, eastern division,
is in default in respect of a part of its line, and
that they, the claimants here, have a right to
come in and take up the road at the point from
which they have omitted to build it, and carry
it on with the subsidies and grants which would
have accrued to the other company had the
completion been made by it. Let us see the
foundation of that claim. I read from the six-
teenth section of the act of 1864, Statutes-at-
Large, thirteenth volume, page 302:
"And in case upon the completion by such consol-
idated organization of the roads, or either of them,
of the companies so consolidated, any other of the
road or roads of either of the other companies au-
thorized as aforesaid, (and forming, or intended or
necessary to form, a portion of a continuous lino
from each of the several points on the Missouri river,
hereinbefore designated, to tho Pacific eoast.) shall
not have constructed the number of miles of its said
road, within the time herein required, such consoli-
dated organization is hereby authorized to continue
the construction."
Certain proceedings are to take place iu that
event.
"And said consolidated company shall pay to sa,id
defaulting company the value, to bo estimated by
competent engineers, of all work done and material
furnished by said defaulting company, which may bo
adopted and used by said consolidated company in
the progress of the work under the provisions of this
section* Provided, nevertheless, That said defaulting
company may at any time, before icceiving pay fru-
its said work and material, as hereinbefore provided,
on its own election, pav said consolidated company
the value of the work done and material furnislied
by said consolidated company, to be estimated by
competent engineers, necessary for, and used in, the
construction of the road of said defaulting company,
and resume the control of its said road."
The bare reading of that section is suggestive
of its whole purpose. It was to provide for a
case where, from inefficiency, poverty, misfor-
tune, or culpable neglect a company should
come short in what? In a legal duty imposed
upon it, namely, to complete by a certain day a
certain number of miles; and when that should
occur, neither the public nor the parties engaged
in continuous connection with this defaulting
company should wait, but the work should pro-
ceed, and the materials of the defaulting com-
pany be made use of in carrying it forward, of
which an account was to be rendered to them,
and when they were able to resume what their
poverty or their misfortune had compelled them
to relinquish they should be permitted to come
in and pay the outgo, and be subrogated to the
rights of the new company and restored to
their own. That was the purpose of this sec-
tion and the whole of it; and now the allega-
tion is that the Eastern Division Union Pacific
Railroad Company is the paity denominated
there as a defaulting company. Why? Be- ■
cause Congress, by an act passed in 18G6
changed the route of the Leavenworth, Paw-
nee, and Western railroad and authorized and
directed that route to go, not as previously in-
tended,by the Republican Fork, but deviating
southward, along the Smoky Hill Fork; ana
now the eastern division, as it is called, having
been by a statute of Congress exonerated from
all obligation to do one thing and directed to
do a different thing—because authorizing them
to do it was equivalent to a direction—having
bylaw been directed not to construct their road
from Fort Riley up the Republican Fork, but
to construct it somewhere else, these gentle-
men argue that that company is in default for
not having built its road within the time, as
Congress interposed and said it should not
build it by saying it should build it somewhere
else. And we are told that a very eminent
lawyer has given an opinion, as it is styled, that
this section applicable to defaulting companies
applies to the case which I have stated. It was
the saying of a Roman poet that money had no
color; and I presume that proposition is ac-
cepted now as much as it was then ; and it may
account, when nothing else accounts, for the
opinions that counsel, no matter how eminent,
applied to to write an argument is able to write
for his client. There is no impropriety. I do
not mean to intimate that there is any in his
doing it for a fee given to him for that purpose.
The distinguished Senator from Maryland
puts to me the question whether I mean to say
lie would give an opinion which he does not
believe in. No, sir; I said what I meant when
I spoke of it as an argument for which his
client pays him. I shall refer again to what
gentlemen have chosen to call this opinion,
and I shall refer to it to show, if it shows
nothing else, that it does not hint suvywhere
