1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3939
House, and on the faith of that agreement I
did not offer it in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman says
that, all I have to say is that such was not my
understanding with regard to it. I did not
understand it in the same way at all. But as
he has made the statement in the House, and
it goes upon the record, I will withdraw my
objection.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I renew
the objection.
The next amendment was one offered by
Mr. VVashbubne, of Illinois, to add to the bill
the following:
City of Washington:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the chief'
engineer of the Army shali reimburse to the corpo-
ration of the city of Washington for expenses in-
curred in improving tho property of the General
Government in said city, under provisions of an act
of May 5,1864, and in accordance with the recom-
mendations of the Secretary of War, in book of esti-
mates of appropriations, pages 241 and 345, $296,043 88:
Provided, That section fifteen of an act entitled "An
act to incorporate the city of Washington and to
repeal all acts heretofore passed for that purpose,"
approved May 15,1820; and section three of an act
approved May 5,1864, entitled "An act to amendan
act to ineoroprate the inhabitants of thecity of W ash-
ington, passed May 15,1820," are hereby repealed;
and no improvements of the streets, alleys, avenues,
or other property of the United States in tnecity of
Washington shall hereafter bo made until an appro-
priation^ shall have been made therefor, and such
appropriation, when made.shall be expended under
the direction of the chief engineer of the Army.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I would inquire how this
amendment comes before the House ?
The SPEAKER. It was offered on Mon-
day last under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. MAYNAIID. If my memory serves
me correctly this amendment was a part of the
original bill. In Committee of the Whole, by
the interposition of an objection, the proviso
was stricken from the bill as being improperly
there. An amendment was then moved to
strike out all that part of the bill to which the
proviso was attached, which amendment pre-
vailed in Committee of tho Whole. I would
inquire if that amendment has been acted on
by the House?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk has reported
to the House all the amendments made by the
Committee of the Whole. Those parts of a
bill which are stricken out on points of order
are never reported, because they should never
have been in the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly; I am aware
of that. But has the amendment of the Com-
mittee of the Whole, to strike out the part of
the bill to which the objectionable proviso was
attached, been submitted to and acted upon
by the House?
The SPEAKER. All of the amendments
reported from the Committee of the Whole
have been concurred in by the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is this amendment divis-
ible ? It contains two distinct substantive
propositions.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not
divisible, having been offered under a suspen-
sion of the rules.
The amendment was then agreed to.
The next amendment was one submitted by
Mr. Wasiiburne, of Illinois, under a suspen-
sion of the rules, to add to the bill the fol-
lowing :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That hereafter no
con tract shall be entered into for the erection, repair,
or furnishing of any public building, or for any pub-
lic improvement whatever, which shall bind the Gov-
ernment to pay a larger sum of money than tho
amount in the Treasury appropriated for the specific
purpose, and no person shall be employed by any
Department of the Government unles3 an amount
of money shall have been previously appropriated
sufficient to pay all such persons. And if any officer
of the Government shall contract for the erection,
repair, or furnishing of any_ public building, or for
any public improvement which shall bind the Gov-
ernment to pay a larger amount than the specific
sum appropriated for such purpose, or shall employ
any persons in any Department of the Government
unless an appropriation sufficient to pay all such
persons shall have been previously made, such officer
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof by a court of competent jurisdic-
tion, shall be punished by imprisonment not less
than six months nor more than two years, and shall
pay a fine of $2,000, and shall thereafter be deemed
incapable of holding any office of trust or profit under
the Government of the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD._ The penalty proposed by
this additional section should be limited to
acts knowingly or wittingly committed ; not to
those committed through ignorance or inad-
vertence.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask con-
sent^ to modify my amendment; so that the
portion referred to by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] shall read as follows:
And if any officer of the Government shall know-
ingly contract for the erection, repair, or furnishing
of any public building, or for any public improve-
ment which shall bind tho Government to pay a
larger amount than tho specificsum appropriated for
such purpose, or shall knowingly employ any por-
sons in any deportment of the Government unless an
appropriation sufficient to pay all such persons shall
have been previously made, such officer shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor.
No objection was mad®; and the amend-
ment was modified accordingly.
Mr. GARFIELD. At the present time the
whole body of the officers of the Government
are running into the new fiscal year ending
June 30, 1809. Now, under the strict letter
of this amendment, would not each one of
those officers be liable to punishment for con-
tinuing to exercise the functions of their offices
during that portion of this new fiscal year for
which no appropriations have yet been made ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Of course
not.
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not know about
that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am sur-
prised that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] should seek to defeat this amend-
ment, to which no one else makes objection.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no desire to
defeat it; I merely wish to have obviated an
objection that may arise under it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If there
is any objection of the kind it can be reme-
died in the Senate. I think it the most im-
portant provision of law that has ever been
presented to Congress for its consideration.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois moved to
reconsider the various votes taken on agreeing
to the amendments; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] informs me
that I mistook the purport of the amendment
which he sought to offer a few moment ago. I
withdraw my objection to the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
again read, and if there be no objection will
be considered as agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
At tho end of lino seventy-four, insert the fol-
lowing:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be con-
strued to give validity to any treaty or part thereof
which otherwiso would bo invalid.
There being no objection, the amendment
was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next question is upon
an amendment offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] which will be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add the following as a new section:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That thore shall
be allowed and paid, to the samo classes of officers
and other persons in the civil service of the United
States Government at Washington embraced in the
joint resolution of Congress entitled "Joint resolu-
tion giving additional compensation to certain em-
ployes in the civil service of tho Government at
Washington," passed February28,1867, an additional
compensation on their respective salaries as fixed by
law, or where no salary is fixed by law, upon their
pay respectively, from and alter the 30th day of June,
1867, to the 30th day of June, 1868; including, alsio,
suoh persons as have been employed in any capacity i
in any of the Departments, and the watchmen on the [
Dome of the Capitol and in the Capitol grounds, the :
inspector of marble, and the foreman of mechanics i
at work on the Capitol extension and the watchmen j
in said extension, whether inside or out, and to tho i
employes of the jail; and to include not only those [
now in service, but those who have at any time dur- !
ing said year been in service, as follows: i
To all those whose annual compensation does not
exceed $1,400 an increase of fifteen per oeut. upon tho
amount of their compensation.
To all those whose annual compensation does not
exceed $1,600, but does exceed $1,400, an increase of
twelve and a half per cent, thereupon.
To all those whose annual compensation does nbt
exceed $1,800, but does exeeed $1,600, an increase of
ten per cent, thereupon.
And a sum sufficient to pay the same is hereby
appropriated out of any money in tho Treasury not
otherwise appropi iated.
Mr. BENJAMIN. On that amendment I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative-—yeas 54, nays 00, not voting
78; as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Anderson, Arnell.DelosE. Ashley,
Axtell, Barnes, Brooks, Cake, Chanler, Cobb, Dixon,
Dnggs, Eckley, Eldridse. Farnsworth, French, Gar-
field, Glosebrenncr, Golladay, Iligby, Hinds, Hop-
kins, Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kitchen,
Knott, Mallory. Marshall, Moore, Moorhead, Mor-
reU, Mungen, Myers, O'Neill, Paine, Poland, Roots,
Schenck, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding,Starkweather,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Taber, Taffe,
Twichell, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump,
Henry D. Washburn, Windom, and Woodbridge—54.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Bailey,
Baker, Baldwin, Beatty, Benjamin, Boles, Boutwell,
Bromwell, Benjamin P. Butler, Sidney Clarke, Co-
burn, Cook, Covode, Dawes, Delano, Deweese, Don-
nelly, Ela, Ferriss, Fields, Qetz, Hamilton, Hawkins,
Hulburd, Hunter, AlexanderII. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Kelsey, Ketcham.Koontz, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Loan, Loughridge, Lynch, Marvin,
Maynard, McCarthy, McKee, Miller, MulJins, Orth,
Perham, Peters, Pike, Price, Raum, Robertson,
Sawyer, Scofield, Selye. Taylor, Lawrence S. Trimblo,
Van Acrnam, Burt Van Horn, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, William B. Washbnrn, Welker, Thomas Wil-
hams. William Williams, JamesF. Wilson, and John
T. Wilson—66.
NOT VOTING—Mossrs. Archer, JamcsM. Ashley,
Banks, Barnum, Beaman, Beck, Benton, Bingham,
Blaine, Blair, Boyer, Broomail, Buckland, Burr.
Roderick It. Butler, Cary. Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke, Cornell, Cullom, Dodge, Eggleston. Eliot,
Ferry, Finney, Fox, Gravely, Griswold, Grover,
Haight, Ilalsey, Harding, Hill, llolman, Iloope*
Hotchkiss, Asanel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hub
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll,
IveJley, Kerr, Laflin, Lincoln, Logan, McClurg,
McCormick, MoOullough, Mercur, Morrissey, New-
comb, Niblack, Nicholson, Nunn, Phelps, Pile,
Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson,
Ross, Shanks, Shellabarger, Aaron F. Stevens, Stone,
Thomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Aukcn,
Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn. Ste-
phen F. Wilson. Wood, and Woodward—78.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the roll-call, Mr. ROSS said: On
this question I am paired with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward.] Ho
would have voted for the amendment and I
against it.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to bo
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills of
the following titles ; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 420) to incorporate tho
Connecticut Avenue and Park Railway Com-
pany, in tiie District of Columbia ;
An act (H. R. No. 1068) to provide for
certain claims against the Department of Agri-
culture; and
An act (H. R. No. G50) to amend act of 3d
of March, 1865, providing for the construction
of certain wagon-roads in Dakota Territory.
order of business.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole House upon the Private Calendar.
This is private bill day, and there are a num-
ber of bills on the Private Calendar which ought
to be considered.
