1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
edness, the payment of which now imposes a heavy
and direct local tax, which, in connection with other
increased local taxes and the direct taxes of tho
General Government, is felt throughout a great por-
tion of our country as oppressive and burdensome,
tendingto depress commerce and industry and thus
weaken the resources of the Government, and as the
people are manifesting uneasiness under such bur-
den and are expecting from Congress some relief,
and under existing circumstances the only just
and immediate available way to lighten the burden
of our great debt is to increaso the ability of the
people to sustain it by relieving labor and stimulat-
ing industry. And whereas such indebtedness of
tho cities, counties, and townships was the result of
necessities imposed by tho rebellion, and ought
therefore, as a matter of right and justice, to be
assumed by the Government and consolidated with
the national debt, because being incurred by neces-
sary and legitimate efforts to render prompt aid to
sustain a common Government and defend acommon
country.it of right belongs to the general debt, in
the payment of which the whole people should par-
ticipate; and whereas such consolidation would not
incroase the amount of general indebtedness resting
upon the people as a result of the war, but simply
bring together the parts into one whole, and lighten
the burden by bringing more to contribute in just
proportion to sustain it, and thus relieve the people
from the oppressiveness resulting from its separate
and local existence and direct bearing on a few.
And as it is believed to be in the power of Congress
to grant such relief in a way equally just and fair to
every section of our country By adopting as .a basis
one year's service of a man in our armies, and allow-
ing for such term of service a certain sum, and
issuing national bonds therefor liable to taxation,
which bonds may be paid over to each State in
amount, and to be applied to the relief of the cities,
countics, and townships in the State in proportion
to the number of year's service rendered by tho men
furnished, and as the most productive and least bur-
densome taxes are levied exclusively by the national
Government, therefore with a view to strengthen the
resources of the Government by relieving the people
from oppressive direct taxation, and quickening
trade and industry, and also with a view to promote
tho internal peace, unity, harmony, and prosperity
of the nation,
Be it resolved. That the subject of relieving as far
a3 practicable the people of the different cities,
counties, and townships from the burden of a direct
tax for their bounty war debt is deserving of our
Immediate and serious consideration, and that the
Committee of Ways and Means be requested to
inquire into the expediency of adopting such meas-
ures as will be proper and suited to answer the
demands of justice and relieve the necessities of tho
the people.
PAYMENT OP WAR CLAIMS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Appropriations, reported back
House bill No. 234, to preventthe payment of
certain claims, with a recommendation that it
do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that
hereafter no money shall be paid out of the
Treasury on any claim in the following class
of cases arising daring the war of the rebel-
lion, until the further action of Congress: 1.
On account of the seizure or impressment, or
from damage or demurrage or detention of any
appliances of transportation, whether by land
or water, such as steamers, boats, barges, trains
of wagons or cars, &c., in insurrectionary States*
2. For transportation service, toll, ferriage, &c.,
beyond the tariff of rates fixed by the Quarter-
master General during the war. 3. For the
use and occupation of lands in the insurrec-
tionary States used for fortifications and other
military defensive purposes during the war for
the suppression of the rebellion.
Mr. HOLMAN. Was this bill referred to
the Committee on Appropriations ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was,
and properly so referred.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not think it is proper
to take up a bill of this importance this morn-
ing aud press it to a passage. I hope the gen-
tleman will allow it to lie over a day or two.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
no disposition to press the measure against the
sense of the House. It is a bill of very great
importance, and one that I think ought to pass
at the earliest practicable moment, because I
understand that there are a great many claims
being paid which should never get the sanction
of Congress. But if the gentleman from In-
diana desires to examine the matter further I
will not press it if it can be understood that the
bill shall come up for consideration at some
early future time. I am sure the gentleman
will be with me upon the subject-matter of the
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the consider-
ation of the bill be postponed till next Friday
after the morning hour, and that the bill be
printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
no objection to that, with the understanding
that it shall come up at that time.
No objection being made, the bill was post-
poned accordingly, and ordered to be printed.
CLERIC TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. POMEROY. I am directed by the
Committee on Banking and Currency to re-
port the following resolution, and to demand
the previous question thereon :
Resolved, ThattheCommitteeonBankingand Cur-
rency be allowed, during the sessions of the Fortieth
•Congress, a clerk, who shall be paid the usual com-
pensation allowed to the clerks of committees of the
House of Representatives.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to ;
and also moved to lay the mation to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSIONS OF SOLDIERS OF THE WAR OF 1812.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial of one hundred and eighteen
citizens of the county of Oswego, New York,
asking that pensions may be granted to the
surviving soldiers of the war of 1812; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions and of the War of 1812.
JAMES C. JAY.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 440) for the relief of
James C. Jay, a detailed acting assistant sur-
geon of volunteers ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. SPALDING-. I insist on the regular
order of business.
The call of committees for reports was re-
sumed.
GEORGE W. LANE.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order under this
call to report a private bill ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order to report
either a public or a private bill when the com-
mittee is called for public bills.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 33) for the relief of George W. Lane,
superintendent of the branch mint at Denver,.
Colorado, and Assistant Treasurer of the
United States.
The joint resolution authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to credit and
allow to George W. Lane, superintendent of
the branch mint at Denver, Colorado, and
Assistant Treasurer of the United States, in
the settlement of his accounts, the sum of
$4,419 90 public money which was stolen frqpi
the mint without fault or neglect on the part
of said superintendent, and which has not been
recovered.
Mr. HOLMAN. This joint resolution was
reported by the Committee of Claims in the
last Congress and passed the House. The
report of the committee then made, and which
is adopted by the committee of this Congress,
presents the subject very briefly, and I trust it
may be read.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The Committee of Claims, to whom was referred the
memorial of George W. Lane, superintendent of the
United States branch mint at Denver, Colorado Ter-
ritory, and Assistant Treasurer of the United States,
having had the same under consideration, report:
That on the 13th February, 1864, one James D.
Clarke, an employe and pay-clerk in the office of
memorialist, robbed the mint of $36,817 05, public
money of the United States, with which he absconded,
and that memorialist immediately took the necessary
steps for his apprehension, which was accomplished ;
that said Clarke was thereupon indicted, convicted,*
and sentenced for the larceny, and the money so
stolen, except the sum of $4,419 90, was secured and
returned to the Government. The balance not found,
upon the arrest of Clarke, remains charged against
the memorialist on the books of the Treasury, and >
for which he now asks an act of Congress releasing
him from its payment.
The committee are satisfied from evidence that tho
memorialist had good reason to repose confidence in
the honesty and integrity of Clarke as an rinployd
and clerk; that every ordinary and reasonable pre-
caution was exercised by memorialist to secure and
preserve the public funds and to recover all that
remained in the possession of Clarke at the time of
his arrest.
The character of Clarke previous to this robbery
was above suspicion, andhisemployment in the mint
was recommended by the best citizens and men of
business in Denver city.
The committee therefore recommend the relief
sought for by the memorialist; that lie be credited
with the sum of $4,419 90 stolen by Clarke and never
recovered from him. and to that end report tho
accompanying joint resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the previous question
on the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered. The joint resolution
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays on the passage of the joint
resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
this ought to be a bill. Any act that takes
money out of the Treasury should be a bill
instead of a joint resolution; but this being
a joint resolution it cannot now be amended.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the joint resolu-
tion make an appropriation ?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then must it not be con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. It is too late to make
that point. The House is acting under the
operation of the previous question, and the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I would ask if a mo-
tion is in order to recommit th,e joint resolu-
tion to the Comnfittee of Claims? I know all
about this matter, having defended Mr. Clarke
at his trial, and I know that this claim is
unjust.
The SPEAKER. A motion to recommit is
not in order, as the House is acting under the
operation of the previous question.
Mr. PRICE. Is a motion in order to recon-
sider the vote by which the main question was
ordered ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. PRICE. I make that motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to make a suggestion
which I think will be satisfactory to all sides.
Mr. PRICE. I have no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that by unanimous
consent the joint resolution be recommitted to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. PRICE. I have no objection to that.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
was recommitted to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed tov
AXE, NYE, AND DIXON.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee of Claims,
reported adversely upon the petition of Allen
Axe, M. W. Nye, and J. Dixon, asking com-
pensation for property lost on the Plains by
Indian hostilities.
The committee were discharged from the
further consideration of the petition, and the
same was laid on the table.
WILLIAM TOWNSEND.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee of Claims,
also reported back the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 76) for the relief of William Townsend,
with the recommendation that the committee
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that the same be laid on the table.
The recommendation of the committee was
agreed to.
