392
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July h
Ho. o® Reps.
Purchase of Alasha—Mr. Washburn.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
sippi valley, that was acquired by a similar
treaty, deny to California a favor which, while
it strengthens her interests, enlarges, consoli-
dates, and extends those of the whole country ?
And, sir, I need not remind this House to
what extent Russia has been the friend of this
country in trying emergencies. I remember
that even before the Government of the United
States was established, when we stealthily sent
men from this country to the European Courts
who scarcely dared to avow the objects of their
mission, the American minister who repre-
sented this country at the Court of France was
instructed to prevent, if possible, the Swiss and
the Russians from furnishing troops to the Eng-
lish Government to destroy the independence
at these Colonies. He reported to the Gov-
ernment—his declaration will be found in the
archives of the Government—that of the Swiss
he conld say nothing; but as to the Russians
we need have no fear; they were our friends
and would not light against us; and they did
not.
At every step from 1780 up to this hour
Russia has been our friend. In the darkest
hour of our peril, when we were enacting a
history which no man yet thoroughly compre-
hends, which has not yet been completed;
when the heart of every lover of his country
sunk within him, and few were bold enough
confidently to hope forthe success of our cause;
in the midst of that great struggle against a
gigantic rebellion, when Prance and England
were contemplating the recognition of the rebel
confederacy, and were about to spring that
last card upon us, the whole world was thrilled
by the appearance in San Francisco of a Rus-
sian fleet, and nearly at the same time, whether
by accident or design, a second Russian fleet
appeared in the harbor of New York. Who knew
how many more there were on the voyage here ?
From that hour, France on one hand and Eng-
land on the other receded, and the American
■dovernment regained its position and power.
[After a pause.] I feel inclined to go still
farther, to say that when the Russian flag
floated over its fleets in the harbors of San
Francisco and New York, even then it was not
intended that General Grant should success-
fully go through the campaign at Vicksburg;
the officers of the volunteer army associated
with him in the defense of the country were
offered promotion and censured because they
would not take from him the command of his
army at Vicksburg—yes, sir, Russia and Cal-
ifornia iu this dark hour of our country's his-
tory came to our rescue and gave us victory!
Now, shall we flout the Russian Govern-
ment in every Court of Europe for her friend-
ship? Having sought from her for twenty-five
years the fisheries of the northwest coast, and
having received from her not only the incident
of the fisheries, but the substance of the ter-
ritorial possession incident to the fisheries,
shall we do what never before has been done,
refuse to execute the treaty she has made at
our solicitation with our own Government,
upon the conditions and according to the let-
ter of our own Constitution 1 I do not believe
-it | Whoever of the Representatives of the
American people in this House on this ques-
tion turns his back not only upon his duty, but
upon the friends of his country, upon the
Constitution of his Government, the honor of
his generation, cannot long remain in power.
There is one precedent we must dismiss
from memory before we can do that. We must
erase from our history the glorious incident of
Jackson's administration, when he compelled
France to pay under a treaty contracted with
us, and when France answered as we arc now
urged to answer, that the appropriation of
money was another matter. Although she was
the best, friend we had, yet Jackson asserted
he would compel the execution of the treaty
at the hazard of war. Gentlemen cannot
make a distinction between that case and the
one now presented: and having taken 25,000,000 I
francs from the French treasury under a treaty
with France by threats of war, under exactly
similar circumstances, we cannot now turn
our backs upon our own precedent. If we do
refuse to appropriate this money, when we
owe another Government under treaty stipula-
tions, it will be a greater dishonor than our.
coantry yet has known.
I thank you, Mr. Chairman and gentlemen
of the committee, for the great attention shown
to me. It was not my intention to have de-
tained you so long.
Purchase of Alaska.
SPEECH OF HON. 0. C. WASHBURN,
of wisconsin,
In the House op Representatives,
July 1, 1808.
The IIouso being in Committeo of the Whole on tlio
state of tho Union, and having under consideration
the bill (H. E. No. 1090) making an appropriation
to carry into effect the treaty with Russia of March
30, 1867-
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, said:
Mr. Chairman : After the eloquent and lofty
speech of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks,] the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, on yesterday, I shall con-
sider myself extremely fortunate if I can com-
mand the attention of this committee to the
remarks I desire now to make. But sir, if
gentlemen w-ill come down from the region
of the clouds to which they were transported
by the honorable gentleman, and from those
realms of fancy and imagination iu which he
reveled, to plain matters of every-day fact, I
shall not despair of doing something yet to
protect the rights of my constituents and of the
people of this country.
Gentlemen could not fail to observe all
through the speech made by the gentleman on
yesterday, the extreme lack of authorities to
sustain his statements, and the great prepon-
derance, instead, of spread-eagle oratory. Sir,
I shall enter into no contest with the gentle-
man in the eagle business; I resign that to
him altogether. But I shall ask those mem-
bers who have not arrived at the sublime posi-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
who declared "that he did not rely on human
testimony, that he was above it"—I shall ask
those gentlemen who do care for such testi-
mony to listen while I unfold the facts that
surround this most extraordinary case.
I shall attempt to demonstrate five proposi-
tions, and if I shall succeed in doing so, I think
I may claim the judgment of this committee
and of the House. Those propositions are:
1. That at the time this treaty was nego-
tiated not a soul in the whole United States
asked for it.
2. That it was secretly negotiated and in a
manner to prevent the Representatives of the
people from being heard.
3. That by existing treaties we possessed
every right that is of any value to us without
the responsibility and never-endiDg expense
of governing a nation of savages.
4. That the country is absolutely without
value.
5. That it is the right and duty of the House
to inquire into the treaty, and vote or not vote
the money according to its best judgment.
My first proposition is that on the 30th day
of March, 1867, the day on which this treaty
was signed, there was not a man in the whole
length and breadth of the United States who
had ever conceived the idea that this territory of
Alaska was a valuable territory for the United
States to possess; not even the gentleman from
Massachusetts, though he now declares it to
be absolutely necessary to the very safety and
existence ot this nation. Sir, no one had dis-
covered that fact before the 30th of March,
1887. You will look in vain for any sucli per-
son. You may look through the public press;
you may examine every source of information,
and you will not find a man in the whole Uni*
ted States who ever had even suggested that it
was a desirable purchase for us to make, or a
desirable possession for us to have.' Even on
the Pacific coast, which is now said to be clam-
orous for it, no such idea had entered the
brain of any man there. -
Sir, I had hoped that the speech of my friend
from Massachusetts would appear in to-day's
Globe. I made some very meager notes as
he proceeded, and I intend to take up the
points he made seriatim, and to answer them.
I say here that the gentleman has made state-
ments which there is no evidence to sustain ;
and I may say that he made no substantive
statement that has any evidence to sustain it;
and I go further, and will say here that every
material statement made by him is contra-
dieted by the most positive and certain evi-
dence that I shall produce.
The gentleman set off with the declaration
that the committee had thought it their duty
to report this bill; that it was an unpleasant
duty, and that had they riot felt compelled
to do so they would not have reported the bill.
Now, sir, in order that there may be no mis-
understanding as to the position of the com-
mittee, I think thex-e will be no impropriety in
stating what it was and what it is upon the sub-
ject. Although a report was allowed to be
made to this House, 1 assert that no majority
of the nine members of the committee ever
concurred in that report. But four members
were in favor of this purchase and four members
were against it; and one member assured me
he had given no opinion upon the subject.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman allow me
to correct his statement ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Certainly.
Mr. BANKS. It was not stated that there
was a majority of the whole committee in favor
of this report, though I believe such to be the
fact. The factis that at ameetingof the com-
mittee, more than a quorum being present, only
two members voted against the report of the
majority; and those two gentlemen have signed
the minority report. That is the fact.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Chairman, I do not wish to misstate any one,
and I will not do so; I simply wish the facts
not to be misunderstood. When the commit-
mittee agreed to report this bill I was not
present m the committee; I was confined to
iny house by illness. I addressed a note to my
friend, the chairman of the committee, saying
that if a majority of the committee should
conclude to report the bill I desire to make
a minority report. The gentleman will bear
me witness that I have made no factious oppo-
sition to this matter at any time. I have said
to him as I say to the House, that I am and
always have been willing and ready to meet
this question on its merits. I have never sought
to have the bill put over till the next session
of Congress. If I cannot show good and suffi-
cient reasons for the position which 1 have
taken in this matter I am willing to be over-
ruled. I have made the best fight on this out-
rage on the rights of tho people as I regard it
that I conld, and I intend to fight it to the
bitter end; and I never will yield the rights of
the people to be heard on questions so vital to
them as are involved in this matter.
But, sir, the gentleman starts out with the
most astonishing statement for a statesman to
make. He says that the committee reported
this bill because it was their duty to do so ;
that they felt Congress was compelled to
appropriate this sum of $7,200,000. Why was
it a disagreeable duty? He afterward tells us
that this territory is worth not only $7,0t>0,000
but §700,000,000. Why should the gentle-
man regret to make a report in favor of the
purchase of the territory for $7,000,000 when
he himself estimates its value at $700,000,000 V
The gentleman from Massachusetts in his
