3940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Washburn]
has priority, under the rule, to be found on page
151 of the Digest, which will be read by the
Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows :
"A motion to go into Committee of tiie "Whole
House on the state of the Union may be entertained
on private-bill day; but the motion to go into a
Committee of the Whole House takes precedence."
The House divided; and there were—ayes
63, noes 38.
Mr. MOORHEAD demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion of Mr. Washbukk, of Massa-
chusetts, was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar, Mr. Eldridge in the chair.
RICHARD CIIENEltY.
The first business upon the Private Calendar
was Senate joint resolution No. 40, to provide
for the payment of the claim of Richard
Chenery.
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. Is this
objection day?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then the gentleman's
vocation is gone. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move that joint resolution be passed over for
the present.
The motion was agreed to.
BOUNTIES FOR MISSOURI TROOPS
The next business upon the Private Calendar
was House joint resolution No. 147, placing
certain troops of Missouri on an equal footing
with others as to bounties.
Mr. McCLURG. The same subject has
been referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and it will come up in another shape.
I move, therefore, that it be passed over.
The motion was agreed to.
IRON-CLAD CONTRACTORS.
The next business upon the Private Calen-
dar was Senate bill No. 307, for the reliet of
certain Government contractors.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move that be laid aside to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do
pa is.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let it be read.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Secor & Co., and
Peiine, Secor k Co., the sum of $115,539 01;
to Harrison Loring, $38,513 ; to the Atlantic
Iron Works, of Boston, Massachusetts, $4,-
852 58 ; to Aquilla Adams, §4,852 58 ; to M.
F. Merritt, the sum of $4,852 58; to Tomlin-
son, Harteepee & Co., $15,171; to Harlan &
Hollingsworth, the sum of $38,513; and to Poole
& Hunt, the sum of $3,094 81 ; being the
amount found to be due to each of the parties
herein respectively named by the Secretary of
the Navy under an act of Congress entitled
"An act for the relief of certain contractors for
the construction of vessels of war and steam
machinery," approved March 2, 1867, which
shall be in full discharge of all claims against
the United States on account of the vessels
upon which the board made the allowance,
as per their report, under the act of March 2,
1767.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Chairman, the circumstances of this case will
be recollected by the members of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress. We had what was called an
"iron-clad bill" that came before the Com-
mittee of Claims. It was before that commit-
tee at both sessions of Congress. The com-
mittee were of the opinion that it ought not to
pass. It gave to these contractors twelve per
cent, on the contract price for the vessek they
built. The committee were of the opinion
that if the Government had, by alterations of
plans or delays, caused loss to these contract-
ors it should be reimbursed to them. We
believed the Government was bound to that
extent. So far as the increase of price of
material, Sc., is concerned, which would apply
to all the contractors of the country, we be-
lievpd the Government could not be held
bound. Accordingly, the Committee of Claims
reported back that bill with a resolution, the
terms of which were as follows : that a board
should be appointed by the Navy Department,
before which board should appear all these
contractors, to ascertain whether any of the
increased price of these various vessels had
been caused by the Government on account
of alterations or delays which had not been
paid for by the Government; and if they could
show that on account of the action of the Gov-
ernment, not provided for in the contracts,
alterations had been made increasing the cost
to the contractors, which had not been paid for,
on that point this board should report to this
Congress and this Congress would act upon it.
The result was that the Navy Department
appointed a board, notified all these various
contractors—forty-eight in number—to appeal-
before them, and, on the basis of that resolu-
tion, to show any claim they might liave for
additional compensation. They accordingly
appeared, and after an examination it was
iound that but eight out of the forty-eight con-
tractors were entitled to additional compensa-
tion, the aggregate amount being some two
hundred thousand dollars. All the rest of the
contractors being entitled to nothing.
The board made their report to Congress.
The Senate examined it, acted upon and con-
firmed it by a joint resolution which, after
having passed that body, came before the
Committee of Claims of the House. That com-
mittee examined it and unanimously reported
that the resolution ought to pass, and for this
reason: those of us who opposed what was
called the omnibus bill (lid so upon the ground
that a resolution of the House upon the sub-
ject had been adopted. Now, that board has
been appointed by the Navy Department, and
the result of the action of the board is the
joint resolution now before us. Believing it
to be right and just, and upon the basis of the
resolution which the committee of the last
Congress reported, and which this House
adopted, we unanimously report this joint
resolution with a recommendation that it do
pass.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to put a question
right here. I desire to know whether any por-
tion of this appropriation is for extra pay for
the iron-clads Catawba and Oneota?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. No,
sir; those contractors receive nothing in this
bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I see the names of the
contractors of those vessels ill this bill. I ask
the gentleman what vessels it is for which this
extia compensation is allowed? One of the
names I see is Sccor & Co.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Swift
& Co.. I understand, made the vessels to which
the gentleman refers.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Secor is one of the
parties.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Not
at all; he is not connected with Swift & Co.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the gentleman will
look at the testimony taken by the Retrench-
ment Committee in connection with the sale of
these vessels he will find that Secor is a mem-
ber of that firm.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Chairman, I wish to state to this House that
we have spent many days' time in the last Con-
gress, and much time in this, in examining this
matter, and Secor & Co. had nothing to do
with Alexander Swift & Co., and nothing to do
with these vessels. I know what the gentle-
man refers to, but it has no connection with
this matter. Secor & Co. never were inter-
ested with Swift & Co. either directly or indi-
rectly. All the gentleman can show, so far as
Swift & Co. are concerned, is that they made a
trade with the Government for these vessels
and proposed to sell them to the Government
of Peru, and that that Government, feeling
that they were unacquainted with Swift & Co.,
and wanting some one to indorse them, got the
indorsement of Secor & Co. Knowing that
they were old manufacturers, they said to the
agent of Swift & Co., "If you can get Secor
& Co. to indorse the bond that yon are to give
for the performance of your contract, we will
make the contract with you." Accordingly,
Swift & Co. got the indorsement of Secor a:
Co. But, I repeat, Secor & Co. are not inter-
ested either directly or indirectly in either of
these iron-clads nor with Swift & Co., and never
have been.
But what I am saying is this: many oi these
contractors do not desire this resolution passed.
Why ? Because that under the original board
the sum of $2,300,000 was awarded to these
men as the cost of the vessels above the con-
tract price, and the old omnibus bill of the
Senate gave them $1,500,000.
Mr. DELANO. One million eight hundred
thousand dollars.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. These
contractors agreed to go before the board
appointed by the Navy Department and submit
their claims on the basis of our resolution.
They have done so, and the result of the
action of that board is that forty out of the
forty-eight get nothing. Accordingly the con-
tractors generally would prefer that this bill
should not pass, but the committee were of the
opinion, as we had offered that resolution and
agreed to stand upon it, and as the doings ot
this board seemed to be just, so far as they
were concerned, that this money was due to
these men and that we ought to report this
bill. It is for the interest of the Government
to act upon it and to stand by our own resolu-
tion, and I cannot see how any member of
Congress—I care not who he is and where lie
comes from—who looks to the interests of the
Government and knows the trouble and diffi-
culty we have had with these cases, can fail to
see the necessity of carrying out our contract
and standing upon that resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I would
ask the gentleman what is the difference be-
tween the original Senate bill and the present
award ? How much do we save between the
two bills?
Mr. AVASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
original bill gave $1,500,000.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. One million eight
hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Yes,
$1,800,000; and this gives a, little over two
hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
jProvided, That the several sums hereby appropri-
ated shall be accepted by the several parties in full
satisfaction of all claims against the United States
arising oat of the construction of vessels by the sev-
eral parties herein named.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
cannot yield for that amendment. There is a
provision attached to this bill by the Senate
that if the contractors receive this award it
is to be in full.
Mr. ALLISON. I think that is not very
fully stated.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. That
question was discussed in the Senate.
Mr. PIKE. Let the last clause of the bill
be read.
Mr. ALLISON. My idea is that if the con-
tractors receive this amount it is to be a final
settlement.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I ask
the Clerk to read the last clause of the bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
Which shall be in full discharge of all claims
against the United States on account of the vessels
upon which the board made allowances as per their
report under act of March 2, 1867.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
now yield five minutes to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]
Mr. SPALDING. I want to say to tho
committee that in the Thirty-Eighth Congress
this whole subject came before the Committee
on Naval Affairs of which I was then a mem-
ber. It was then an omnibus claim. All these
