18G8.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Purchase of AlasJea—Mr. Washburn.
Ho. of Reps.
speech lays down the same doctrine which he
enunciates in his report. He says in his report:
" It is now conceded that the House is entitled to
consider the merits of a treaty; that it may determ-
ine whether its object is within the scope of the treaty
power; but, if it be not inconsistent with the spirit
and purpose of the Government, Congress is bound
to give it effcct, by necessary legislation, as a con-
tract between the Government and a foreign nation.
If, on the contrary, it is found to be in conflict with
the fundamental principles, purposes, or interests of
the Government, it would be justified, not merely in
withholding its aid, but in giving notico to foreign
nations interested that it would not be regarded as
binding upon the nation, in passing laws for its abro-
gation, and preparing the State for whatever conse-
quences might attend its action."
The gentleman from Massachusetts and the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Prutn",]
though both advocating the purchase of this
territory, are at issue on this question. When
two such learned doctors disagree it is difficult
to decide. The gentleman concedes when he
says, if the treaty is contrary to the interests
ef the Government, the Congress has the right
to interpose. This concedes the whole case.
Yet he is not so clear as he usually is, at one
moment he tells us we have the right, and
at another that we have not the right. He
tells us we have the right to interfere in a class
of cases where we have no power to interfere;
and in another class* of cases, where we have
the power to interfoio. he tells us we have no
right to interfere.
Now, I would inquire of my honorable friend
how this House is to interfere to defeat a treaty
unless by its terms it stipulates conditions that
belong to the law-making power? Take the
case of the infamous Osage treaty, now pend-
ing in the Senate, which stipulates for nothing
that requires the action of Congress. Suppose
the Senate confirms that treaty? There is no
member of the House, I believe, who does not
believe that that treaty was a fraud and an
outrage on the American people. How would
the gentleman from Massachusetts interfere to
defeat it as he says we may 1 It is in no way
referred to the law-making power, and if any-
body can point out any method by which we
may defeat it I should be thankful if he would
do so.
I say, again, that the gentleman is not to
my mind at all clear when he undertakes to
show what this House may do and what not.
Again, he says :
" But when a treatyk limited to objects consistent
with the interests of the Government, which cannot
be attained except by the treaty-making power, its
first and highest duty is to enact such measures as
are necessary to carry the treaty into effect. To say
that a treaty is not a treaty until approved by the
House is to make the House a part of tho treaty-
making power. To say that tho House has no rights
in regard to foreign treaties, except when they are
referred to the House by its provisions, is to admit
tha t the House is not a part of the Government."
There is wisdom for you ! I have seen noth-
ing better since the days of Jack Bunsby.
When Captain Cuttle called on his friend,
Jack Bunsby, for an opinion—and giving
opinions was his forte—as to the fate of a
certain individual who was supposed to be
drowned, Bunsby in an oracular manner, only
excelled by that of my excellent friend, gives
"an opinion as is an opinion." Said he, while
Captain Cuttle listened with as much astonish-
ment and admiration as members listened on
yesterday:
" If so be that the man is dead, then my opinion is
he won't come back no more; but if so be the man's
alive, then my opinion is ho will. Do I say he will?
No. Why not? Because the bearing of this obser-
wation lays in the application of it."
Now, sir, the doctrine I maintain, and the
first point to be considered in this case, is as
to the right of Congress when a treaty stipu-
lates for an appropriation of money. I will
concede for the sake of the argument that this
treaty is within the limits of the treaty-making
power. If, then, this House has no right to
inquire into such treaties, treaties that are not
tainted with fraud, but which, by their terms,
are referred to the law-making power, there is
an end to the whole question and "it is not
necessary to discuss any other question con-
nected with it. Now, sir, I undertake to say
that that is not the doctrine, notwithstanding
the ipse dixit of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. I undertake to say that the whole
weight of authority from the foundation of the
Government is in direct contradiction to the
position taken by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. I will not undertake to quote the
sayings of the different public men on these
points. I will state the precedents, however.
They are all to the Same effect.
The first arose at the time of Jay's treaty,
in which, by a very decided vote, the doctrine
was laid down that is contained in this resolu-
tion, passed by the very decisive vote of 57
to 35:
"Resolved, That it being declared by the second
section of the second articlc of the Constitution that
'the President shall have power, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties,
provided thattwo thirds of theSenatorspresent con-
cur,' the House of Representatives do not claim any
agency in making treaties, but that when a treaty
stipulates regulations on any of thesubjects submit-
ted by the Constitution to tho power of Congress it
must depend for its execution as to such stipulations
on a law or laws to be passed by Congress; and it is
the constitutional right and duty of the House of
Representatives in all such cases to deliberate on tho
expediency or inexpediency of carrying such treaty
into effect, and to determine and act thereon as in
their judgment may bemost conducive to thepublic
good."
Thatresolution was amply and ably discussed
by the men who made the Constitution, Mr.
Madison taking a prominent part. That doc-
trine was laid down during the administration
of General Washington, and it has been reas-
serted on every occasion when the question has
come up from that day to this. And, although
it may be alleged that the House has never
refused to appropriate money to carry out
treaties on every occasion when the question
has arisen, it has, nevertheless, asserted its
right to do so, and the point has never been
yielded ; and wben money has been voted to
execute treaties it has always been on the ground
that theHouse approved them, and not because
it was believed that they were under any obli-
gation to do so.
Now, sir, I have before me the opinions of
the most eminent men in the constitutional
convention which framed our Constitution, but
I have not the time to read them.
I pass next to the treaty for the acquisition
of Louisiana. The same doctrine was laid down
there in the discussion, and no man had the
hardihood to call it in question. They voted
the money because they simply approved the
treaty. Mr. Jefferson, before he negotiated
the treaty, did the proper thing to call upon
Congress to appropriate money to pay the ex-
penses incident thereto. It was the case of the
treaty in 1816 with Great Britain which I dismiss,
simply declaring that the same doctrine was fully
asserted then, as may be seen by looking at my
report; and I come down to the Spanish treaty.
The gentleman from Massachusetts says it is
impossible to cite a stronger recognition of the
obligation resting upon the law-making power
to execute a treaty than that. My reading and
the reading of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts is entirely different on that subject; and
so far as any discussion of the subject of the
Spanish treaty is concerned it sustains the
position I have laid down. _ I defy the gentle-
man to cite an authority which sustains him in
his assertion on this point.
I come now to the Gadsden treaty, the last
precedent I shall cite in this matter. It will
be recollected we made that treaty in 1854 for
the acquisition of Arizona. General Gadsden
was our minister to Mexico, and made the
treaty. He was authorized to pay $10,000,000,
but he entered into the treaty and agreed to
pay $20,000,000. The treaty came to the
Senate, but it was so barefaced a piece of vil-
lainy that they did not ratify it. They sent it
back with instructions to insist on having it for
$10,000,000; and as soon as a' man could get
there Mexico accepted the - amended' terms.
There was a lengthy discussion in the House
when the appropriation bill came up for consid-
eration to pay for Arizona. In that discussion it
was conceded onall hands thatwe had the rightto
refuse to makethe appropriation if We thought fit
so to do. It was carried on the ground that it was
a wise and advantageous treaty, although there
was a large minority voting against it. Some
members now present were then members of the
House. It was carried because the dominant
party desired it, yet not one can be found who
assumed tho ground taken by the gentleman
from Massachusetts. Mr. Bailey, chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, expressly
declared that he put it on no such ground as
claimed by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The bill passed the House and went to the Sen-
ate, and was then taken up and passed with-
out one word of discussion ; and it is worthy
of remark that of those recorded as voting
against the appropriation to carry out this treaty
may be found the names of the negotiator of
this treaty, Mr. Seward, and its great advocate
in the Senate, Mr. Sumner, also the present
Chief Justice of the United States, Mr. Chase,
the present Vice President, Mr. Wade, and Mr.
Fessenden, the distinguished Senator from
Maine. So that it will be seen that all these
distinguished men then had no scruples about
refusing money to execute a treaty. But that
was with Mexico, a weak and friendless Power.
How dishonorable would it be to say that we
may rightfully do with such a Power what we
may not do with one strong and powerful. My
friend from Massachusetts was in the House
at that time. He can doubtless tell how he
voted on that occasion.
Mr. BANKS. I was not in the House when
the vote was taken; I did not vote.
Mr. WASHBUKN, of _ Wisconsin. I am
justified, therefore, in saying these precedents
establish that it is both our right and duty
to exercise our best judgment in regard to this
treaty. If we approve it we should appropri-
ate the money; if not, we should refuse to do
so. And I leave this part of the subject with a
simple quotation from Mr. Jefferson. In a
letter to Mr. Monroe (volume 4, page 184) he
says:
" We conceive the constitutional doctrine to be,
that though the President and Senate have the gen-
eral power of making treaties, yetwheneverthey in-
clude in a treaty matters confided by the Constitution
to the three branches of the Legislature an act of
legislation will be requisite to confirm these articles,
and that theHouse of Representatives, as one branch
of the Legislature, are perfectly free to pass the act or
to refuse it, governing themselves by their own judg-
ment whether it is for the good of their constituents
to let the treaty go into effector not. On this depend
whether tho powers of legislation shall be transferred
from the President, Senate, and House of Represent-
atives, to the President, Senate, and Piaimngo, or
any other Indian, Algerine, or other chief."
I now come to the question of our obliga-
tions to Russia; and as pertinent to that matter
I first invite attention to the following opinion
of Judge McLean, of the Supreme Court of
the United States. The case of Turner vs.
American Baptist Missionary Union, (5 Mc-
Lean, 344,) decides a; follows;
"A treaty is the supreme law of the land only
when the treaty-making power can carry it into
effect.
"A treaty which stipulates for the payment of
money undertakes to do that which the treaty-mak-
ing power cannot do; therefore the treaty is not the
supreme law of the land.
"To give it the effect the action of Congress is
necessary. And in this action the Representatives
and Senators act on their own judgment and respon-
sibility, and not on the judgment and responsibility
of tho treaty-making power.
" A foreign Government laay be presumed to know the
powerof appropriating money belongs to Codyrcss.^
" No act of any part of the Governmentcan be tieia
to bo a law which has not all the sanctions to make
it law."
In considering this question I have no hesi-
tancy in declaring that in my judgment, what-
ever good faith and honor require, that should
be done, and the nation cannot aiio^d to count
