1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
ber of the Judiciary Committee whether the
occupation of these islands has affected the
ti:le of the United States?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Not at all.
Mr. SPALDING. Then the title is in the
United Slates?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Of course
the legal title is in the United States.
Mr. SPALDING. Then the land belongs
to us as if it had never been sold?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. It would have
been sold long ago if any one had then sup-
posed there was any value in the lands.
Mr. SPALDING. How is it now?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Now the isl-
ands and lands have become valuable by the
improvements put upon them—by embank-
ments erected to keep out the water. The
idea that these islands are to be put up at pub-
lic sale and the improvements swept out from
under the men who made them would be a bald
net of such rank injustice that no gentleman
would entertain the proposition for one mo-
ment.
Mr. HARDING. I desire to know if there
was any advertisement when the transfer was
made to the persons making this application?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. None what-
ever.
Mr. HARDING. I notice it goes to the
benefit of assigns.
• Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Certainly.
This bill provides that the parties in possession
or who have been in possession, and the assigns
of parties who have been in possession, may
acquire title and thus save their improvements.
These lands have been sold from time to time
for the last forty years.
Mr. SPALDING. Not by the Government.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Not by the
Government, but by the parties who have made
the improvements. Some of the occupants
probably supposed that their titles we re good.
They perhaps bought without inquiry as to the
character of the title.
Mr. MARSHALL. How does it happen
these occupants were of the belief they had a
title ? How were they misled?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I do not say
they were misled, but the purchasers of lands
do not as a general thing go to the records and
examine the titles when they get a deed from
persons in possession.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If that is
so in the gentleman's district I do not think
it is so anywhere else. The people who had
good sense enough to send an able Repre-
sentative here like my friend have sense
enough to examine their title-deeds.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The people
of my district are honest, and purchasers rely-
ing on the honesty of occupants often buy
lauds without examining titles.
Mr. ROSS. I suggest if itis not proper to sell
these lands, deducting the value of the improve-
ments. It occurs tome that they should pay a fair
compensation forthe land. The gentleman says
the land is worth fifty dollars an acre. If that
be so the Government ought to have that price
for the land. I understand these parties have
been in the occupancy of these lands for forty
years. Then they are squatters and have not
paid tax for that period; and, sir, it is no
more than reasonable that they should pay a
reasonable price for these lands. The rest of
the country is as much interested in this as the
gentleman's constituency. If these lands are
worth fifty dollars an acre the General Govern-
ment should have full value for them, thereby
to that small degree lightening the burden upon
the people. I ask the gentleman, therefore, as
a meed of justice toward the people of the
country, that he amend his bill so as to have
appraisers appointed to determine tbe actual
value of the lands, independent of the improve-
ments, and permit actual settlers to enter them
at their fair value.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. My friend
from Illinois has evidently not paid attention
to th  reading of the list of these islands fur-
nished bv the land office. There is not enough
land in them to pay the (Expenses of a com-
mission to appraise them, or at least not
much more. How much would the United
States realize from the sale of an island of
two acres after paying the expenses of a com-
mission to go out and appraise it? ;i
Mr. ROSS. They need not go from Wash-
ington, I reckon. :
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. But whatever
value there is in these islands, or these lands,
almost all of it has been imparted to them by the
improvements that have been put upon them, j
Their value in part, or in some cases, grows
out of the fact that embankments have been
made to keep the water out, and it is almost
impossible now to put an estimate upon the
value of the improvements or of the lands in ;
a state of nature. This is a simple act of jus-
tice to these occupants, and it is not a matter
of sufficient importance to justify an appraise-
ment on the part of the United States. It
would add but little to our Treasury.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I would
like to ask the gentleman when the survey
mentioned in this bill was made. Was it not
from forty to fifty years ago ? And are not
the islands, some of them at least, three, four,
and five times as large as when the survey
was made, being so enlarged by accretions
from the neighboring farms? i
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I suppose
this survey was made when the lands along
the river were surveved.
Mr. WASHBURlf, of Indiana. Fifty years
ago ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I presume so;
and if the islands had been of any value then
or at the time when they were taken posses-
sion of and improved they would long since
have been entered just as the other lands in
the vicinity were. I do not know how much
these islands have grown in size by accretions
during the last fifty years, but I know an island
of two acres would have grown very much in
that time.
Mr. SPALDING. I think the Clerk read
from the list some of these islands containing
thirty-seven acres.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Yes, there is
one or two such islands, and even larger.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to say that I am
in favor of the bill, but I want to understand
it clearly.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. There are, I
think, only two islands of that description.
This bill is simply an act of justice to men in
possession of these islands. It has the unan-
imous indorsement of the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. MUNGEN. Will the gentleman yield
a moment?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker, I did not
know when I objected that these islands had
been offered for sale or advertised under the
laws of Congress. I find there are about fifty-
lour acres of these islands.
A Member. More than that.
Mr. MUNGEN. Well, that makes my point
so much the more important. My point is this:
if any person goes and settles on Government
lands, appropriating them to his own use, as
suggested by the gentleman from Illinois, he
escapes taxation, so that if he cultivates a
tract of land for forty years he has got enough
out of it. Now, while the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, under the laws of
Congress, has advertised these lands for sale,
I do not see the propriety of this House step-
ping in and giving a special privilege to any
assignee to take them at *$2 50 an acre. If
they are worth more let the Government have
the value of them. Letusopen themtomarket
under the law of Congress if they are worth
selling at all. Let us apply the same rule to
these islands that has been applied to islands
in other l ivers. There is no suggestion of the
value of this quantity of land, which I now
understand amounts in the aggregate to one
hundred and seventy-five acres. I venture the
assertion, with all due respect to the gentleman
who introduced this bill, that they are worth
from seventy-five to one hundred dollars an
acre. Now, I say, let them be sold under the
advertisement of the Commissioner of the Land
Office for what they are worth.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to ask
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Muxgen]
whether he thinks it just and equitable, where
a man has settled upon what he supposed was
his own land, and made improvements upon it,
and subsequently finds that it belongs to the
Government, for the Government to sell his
improvements to a third person?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I must resume
the floor.
Mr. MUNGEN. I want to answer the ques-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I would rather
answer it myself. My colleague suggests that
these occupants of the lands have never paid
taxes upon them. I ask him how he knows
whether they have paid taxes or not? Does
not he know that a title deed can never be
recorded in Ohio by law until the party receiv-
ing the deed goes to the office of the auditor
and has it transferred in his name for taxa-
tion?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let me
ask the gentleman if in Ohio they tax Govern-
ment lands, and if so, under what authority?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will answer
that question. I have no personal knowledge
whether these lands have paid taxes or not;
bnt I say that gentlemen have no right to
allege that they have not paid taxes unless
they have some personal knowledge about it-
Further than that, this House and the United
States have nothing to do with the question
of the taxation of these lands. It is a matter
for the State of Ohio. If these lands have not
been taxed, and ought to be, let the Legisla-
ture provide by law that they shall pay what-
ever back taxes have not been paid and ought
to be paid.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burne] asks me whether lands belonging to
the Government of the United States can be
taxed. I answer that lands the legal title to
which remains in the United States are fre-
quently taxed. In the Virginia military dis-
trict it is a common thing, after an entry has
been made, and before the patent issues, for
the lands to go upon the tax-list and be taxed;
! some of them have been taxed for forty and
fifty years. I know lands in my own county
which have never yet been patented and the
legal title of which is in the United States, but
which have been entered and taxed, and are
to-day taxed, though the legal title has re-
mained in the Government of the United
States all the while. But that has nothing to
do with the bill before us. The question of
taxation is for the State of Ohio, not for us,
to consider.
No gentleman here has attempted to answer
the question which was submitted by my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth;] and that
was whether it would be just to sell out these
lands from under the men who have given
them much of the value they have, and put
them up at public auction, to be bid for by par-
ties who might run them up merely to compel
the holders to pay a price which they ought
not be required to pay. I hope the bill will
pass.
Mr. JULIAN. I must now resume the floor.
I think the question is understood, and I am
; surprised that so much has been said in respect
to it. The bill simply proposes to apply the
ordinary principle of preemption in behalf of
men who in good faith have settled these lands
and made improvements upon them which are
rightfully their own. I hope the .vote will be
taken without further debate.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion wits agreed to.
