1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SMI
iron-clad contractors combined together and
presented a united claim of $7,000,000. We
looked into these claims and we found the
truth to be that they had made their contracts
with the Secretary of the Navy, built their ves-
sels and got their pay according to their con-
tracts. Not only so, but they had afterward
charged for extra work, and brought in their
bills and received their pay for extra work.
Now, what was this $7,000,000 for? It was
for an alleged claim against the Government
because the materials and labor which entered
into these iron-clads had increased in price
after they had made their contracts, and they,
therefore, did not make as much money as
they supposed they would. Now, if these
claims that are about to be passed upon are for
increased price of labor or increased price of
materials, I object to paying them, because
we shall never get through paying such claims.
But if they are claims for delay on the part of
the Government in enabling them to carry out
their contracts, why then I will go with the
gentleman in paying them.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
gentleman will recollect that the committee
rejected these claims on the grounds which he
has stated, and simply reported a resolution
that if they could show that the action of the
Government had caused delay, and that they
had not been paid for the delay and the alter-
ations which the Government had caused, and
which were not provided for in the contracts,
they might do so. And that is all this bill
proposes to pay. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike.]
Mr. PIKE. I merely wish to remind the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] of the
action of the Committee on Naval Affairs at the
time to which he has referred. He and I coin-
cided and acted together, but a majority of the
committee reported in favor of those claims.
Mr. SPALDING. Oh, I beg your pardon.
In the first instance there was a majority with
us, but from day to day they turned over to
the other side.
Mr. PIKE. A majority of the committee,
through Mr. Brandegee, of Connecticut, re-
ported in favor of the claims to a very large
amount.
Mr. SPALDING. At first they were
opposed to them.
Mr. PIKE. I cannot say about that. I am
only speaking of the report of the majority of
the committee. The minority of the commit-
tee were quite willing to have accepted a prop-
osition of this kind, and would have been
glad to have got off in this way. Although they
thought some amount was due, they did not
think it was right to grant so large an amount.
I would be glad to get rid of these claims by
the passage of this bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
now yield to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Delano.]
Mr. DELANO. I feel anxious that this bill
should pass; and I think if the House will
listen to the history of this matter there will
be no difficulty about it. There was originally
introduced in the Senate, at the close of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, a resolution which was
adopted 
Mr. PIKE. During the extra session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Mr. DELANO. I am corrected. A resolu-
tion was adopted appointing a committee to in-
quire into the claims of certain contractors for
the construction of iron-clads during the war.
Under that resolution forty-eight contractors
came forward and had their accounts and
claims examined by the committee. And ac-
cording to my recollection _ that committee
reported in favor of appropriating about two
million five hundred thousand dollars to satisfy
these forty-eight claims. Besides those forty-
eight claimants there stood behind them an
indefinite number—I do not know how many
more—who did not come before the first naval
board established. by the Senate. But they
stood ready to come forward the moment a
principle was adopted which would let them in.
As I said, the Naval Committee reported
upon the claims of these forty-eight contract-
ors to the amount of $2,500,000. A bill was
introduced in the Senate, based on that report,
which resulted in the passage by the Senate of
a bill allowing about one million eight hundred
thousand dollars to these forty-eight contract-
ors. The $7,000,000 alluded to by my col-
league [Mr. Spalding] embraces the claims
of the large number of contractors who stood
back ready to come in with their claims when-
ever the principle was adopted which would
allow them to come in. The bill appropriating
$1,800,000 for the benefit of the forty-eight
contractors came to this House and was referred
to the Committee of Claims. Upon examina-
tion we found that it rested upon this theory:
that, in consequence of the war, prices for
labor and materials had advanced, and as the
advance had been occasioned by the inflation
of the currency by the action of the Govern-
ernment to put down the rebellion, therefore
the Government was responsible for that result,
and ought to pay enough more to meet the
advance in prices.
The committee repudiated that theory, and
adopted as a rule for all these cases substan-
tially this: that where by action of the Gov-
ernment, causing a delay in the construction
of a vessel, or an alteration in the form of the
structure, any damage or loss had resulted to
the contractor, or any increase of expense had
ensued, then in those cases, and in those only,
the Government would be responsible in jus-
tice and in equity. A joint resolution was
introduced as a substitute for the Senate bill
referred to us, in which we set forth the rule
I have stated, and also directed the Secretary
of the Navy to appoint a new commission to
examine into the claims of these forty-eight
claimants, and all others that might present
claims on the basis I have stated. That com-
mission was appointed and proceeded to act,
and found lhat out of the forty-eight claimants
to which I have alluded, there were only eight
who had meritorious claims. And this bill is
based on that report, making an aggregate of
about two hundred thousand dollars. Now,
it seems to me that it is right that this amount
should be paid. It seems to me that it is judi-
cious to pay it, because it will bo saying to
those contractors, "We live up to the principle
which we have declared to be right." It seems
to me that we will be also saying at the same
time, when we pay this amount, that we do not
intend to go back and reexamine those claims
on the basis that they are entitled to damages
for the increase of prices of labor and materials
caused by the inflation of the currency.
I regard the passage of this bill as an act of
justice in these cases and as necessary to pro-
tect the Government against the presentation
of these claims hereafter. If we now recede
from the contract that we virtually made when
we established in the Thirty-Ninth Congress
the rule that we would make compensation
where damages had resulted from the action
of the Government; if we fail to comply with
that rule we open this whole matter, and these
claims will be pressed upon us hereafter, when,
judging the future from the past, no man can
tell how much may be allowed. I have made
a simple statement of facts, which I hope will
induce the House to pass this bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Washburn] to yield to
me that I may offer an amendment and make
some remarks upon ;t.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
yield to the gentleman five minutes. I cannot
permit him to offer an amendment; but I am
willing it shall be read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, the amend-
ment which I desire to offer is to strike from
the bill all that portion relating to Secor& Co.,
Perine, Secor & Co., and M. F. Merritt. I
will give my reasons for proposing to strike
out the names of these parties.
Tt will be recollected that this House a short
time ago instructed the joint select Committee
on Retrenchment to investigate the sale of the
iron-clads Oneota and Catawba. That invest-
igation has been made,'and the report of the
committee in relation to the sale of those ves-
sels has been laid before this House. I pre-
sume gentlemen have not given much attention
to that report; but I will say that it discloses
one of the most gigantic frauds ever perpe-
trated upon this Government.
One of the first things that the committee
endeavored to ascertain was, to whom were
those vessels sold? Ostensibly they were sold
to the firm of Alexander Swift & Co. We
desired to ascertain who constituted that firm.
I send to the Clerk's desk, to be read, a part
of the evidence upon that point.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Question. The question now simply is, Who aro
your associates in the firm ? That is all I am now
asking.
"Answer. You mean the Arm of Alexander Swift
& Co.? Mr. Merritt is not a member of that firm.
"Question. I askwho else besides yourself, Merritt,
and Swift are concerned in tbe firm of Alexander
Swift & Co., either as partners, or as holding the
anomalous condition that you describe yourself and
Mr. Merritt to hold ?
"Answer. The firm of Alexander Swift & Co. was
composed of Mr. Seth Evans and Mr. Swift. They
started the manufacture of iron undor that firm name
several years ago, and it has been continued ever
 inee. Mr. Evans went out I think in 1864, but the
name of the firm has been continued right along.
Nobody but Mr. Swift and myself have been since
connected with the house of Alexander Swift & Co.,
proper, but I have not been a partner, as X have
explained to you my position. As connected with
Alexander Swift & Co. in thosale of these ships there
are some otber parties.
"Question. Associates?
"Answer. Yes, sir; associates.
"Question. Who are they?
"Ansioer. Bo you insist upon my answering the
question?
"Question. Certainly.
"Ansioer. Mr. Secor.
"Question. Of New York?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. "What is his first name?
"Ansteer. Zeno.
"Question. Anybody else?
"Answer. Charles and James Secor, X suppose, aro
associated with him in their business?
"Question. Anybody else?
"Answer. Not directly.
"Question. What do you mean by that?
"Answer. Mr. Swift's son has a little interest in
the business, which I did not think of at the time;
but there is no party ol any account."
Mr. BENJAMIN. That testimony discloses
that these Secors were members of the firm of
Alexander Swift & Co., who, by_ means of a
system of chicanery, the like of which has rarely
been known in the history of this Government,
got these two iron-clads from the Government
for $755,000, when at the time of the purchase
they had a contract to sell them for $2,000,000.
These iron-clads are down in New Orleans to-
day. They have been refused a clearance and
cannot sail from that port. This committee
has reported that sale was fraudulent and void.
Now, sir, when we have a large unsettled ac-
count against Merritt and Secor for a large sum
of money I do object to appropriating this sum
to reimburse them, or rather to pay them an
additional sum for their work, and that, too,
when they have been the perpetrators of so
great a fraud as this. I hope, therefore, 1 will
be allowed to offer the amendment I have indi-
cated, and 1 hope it will be adopted so as to
strike out Secor and Merritt.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I do
not yield for the amendment. As I have said
already, Secor is not one of the firm at all. It
has been so expressly stated again and again.
Neither Secor nor Merritt is a member of the
firm of Swift & Co. But so far as that matter
is concerned it has nothing to do with this case
whatever. I understand the only ^connection
Secor & Co. had with that transaction, and so
it was understood by the Government, was, in
order to carry out the contract, they simply
indorsed the bond and certified Alexander
Swift & Co. were good men to carry out the
contract, that theywerereliable men. _ But it
has nothing to do with this case. Nothing, sir,
has been allowed on those vessels._ The con-
tractors of those vessels do not receive a dollar.
But, sir, suppose what the gentleman says to be
true, has that anything to do with this claim ?
Mr. WELKEK. Does not the bill the gen-
tleman has reported pay Mr. F. Merritt
