394
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 1,
Ho. of Reps.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Washburn,
40th Cong-.... 2d Sess.
the cost,in doing it. But there is no question
of good or bad faith involved in this matter.
Tbisisaplain business statement of thecase.
A contract is entered into by the President,
acting through the Secretary of State, to pur-
chase of the Russian Government the terri-
tory of Alaska. The contract contained stip-
ulations which were well understood by Baron
Stoeekl, the agent of the Russian Government.
Those stipulations were such as the negotia-
tors could not enforce, but which were neces-
sary to be complied with before the treaty could
become valid or binding. The stipulations
were, first, that tbe treaty should be ratified by
the Senate: and second, that the legislative
power should vote the necessary appropriation.
The first stipulation was complied with, and
the second is the one now being considered.
Each stipulation was independent of the other,
and required independent powers to carry it
into execution. The treaty-making power can
no more bind Congress to pass a law than Con-
gress can bind it to make a treaty. They are
independent departments, and were designed
to act as checks rather than be subservient to
cacli other.
As was well said by Judge McLean, in the
authority bel'ore quoted—
"A treaty is the supreme law of the land only when
tlio treaty-making power can carry it into effect. A
treaty which stipulates for the payment of moneys
undertakes to do that which tho treaty-making power
cannot do; thereforo tho treaty is not the supremo
law of the land. A foreign Government may be pre-
sumed to know that the power of appropriating money
belongs to Congress."
In this particular case the foreign Govern-
ment may not only be presumed to know, but
it may safely be said that that Government did
actually know, that the treaty was not com-
plete and the law of the land until the action
of the body stipulated in the treaty was had;
and this declaration is based on the fact that
the minister of the Government of Russia, who
negotiated this treaty, has been a resident of
Washington, for over twenty years. He speaks
the English language fluently and well. He is
a gentleman of intelligence and well informed
in regard to our system of government. It
was impossible for him to be ignorant of tlie
fact that the treaty he negotiated %vas not the
supreme law of the land until it, had received
the sanction of Congress; and if he failed to
make known the fact to his august master it
is not the fault of the American Congress or
the American people.
But it is said that Russia has given us posses-
sion, aud for that reason we should vote the
money. Quite otherwise. Why was possession
taken by the Executiveofthis Government and
yielded by liussia before the money was paid or
even voted ? No interest of this Government
was suffering for the want of immediate posses-
sion, audit is believed that no benefit could arise
to this Government from having possession
before the time stipulated, for the payment of
the moixsy. The same may be said in regard
to Russia, unless the country was so worthless
that every day she held possession was a pos-
itive damage to her, and for that reason she
was in haste to be rid of it. It requires no
great stretch of imagination to divine the
scarcely hidden causes which governed the
parties negotiating this treaty in stipulating
tor immediate possession. They could hardly
have failed to foresee that this treaty would be
strongly opposed in this House, aud that upon
its merits it could have no chance for the
necessary appropriation. An extraordinary
pressure wag seen tobe necessary, and that
pressure was sought for in giving and taking
possession.
Will this House allow itself to be coerced
by any such performance? To state the ques-
tion is to answer it. liutit, is said that Russia,
our best friend, will be offended if we fail to
appropriate the money. I fully recognize the
friendly character of the Russian Government
in the past, and the importance of cultivating ;
friendly relations in the future; but, for the
reason stated, it is denied that any just ground-
of ofi'ense Can exist if this House,fails to sanc-
tion the treaty. The country is -grateful to
Russia for sympathy received from her;during
our late struggle for existence, and I should
be very unwilling to do anything to justly
offend that Power. It is maintained that the
refusal to appropriate money to ca^ry this
treaty into execution would be cause of war
on the part of Russia, and the action of Presi-
dent Jackson is cited, in the ease of the refusal
of France to pay the money stipulated to be
paid in the treaty of Paris, negotiated in 1831.
But that case is in no sense parallel to the one
under consideration. There the claim of this
Government existed long before the treaty was
negotiated. The treaty merely liquidated the
amount which France was to pay. Our right
to the money was perfect and complete before
the treaty was made, and a refusal to pay it
was as much a cause of war before the treaty
as afterward; and had there been no treaty
liquidating the amount the right to demand
payment would still have existed, anduif need
be, to use force to compel it.
Now, my report seems to have thrown the
friends of this measure into some consterna-
tion. In the National Intelligencer of the
19th ultimo appeared a letter over the signa-
ture of Alaska, which the Intelligencer says
is from a statesman of forty year's standing,
and I have since understood it was from Hon.
Robert J. Walker. Such being the fact, lam
justified in referring to it, not only because of
the character of its author, but because I regard
it as virtually an emanation from the State
Department. He takes up my report, and the
first statement he notices is in regard to the
existence of previous treaties, because he saw,
as my friend from Massachusetts must see, and
as every intelligent man must see, that if my
statement was correct, namely, that we had an
existing treaty with Russia that gave us the
right to trade on that coast, the right to fish on
that coast, the right to land and cure fish on
the coast, and the right to visit the interior
waters and trade with the natives, we had vir-
tually everything that is desirable, and that
there could be no excuse for tins treaty.
Neither the chairman of the committee nor
any other gentleman will dispute that if we
could have those privileges it would be better
for us to have them without the responsibility
and never-ending expense of ruling and gov-
erning a nation of savages. I think no one
will doubt that. Now, Mr. Walker, to get rid
of my most fatal statement in my report, under-
takes to say that we had no such treaty rights,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts asserts
the same oil this floor. As theso things are
denied, it is made my duty to prove them.
In 1821 a treaty was negotiated at St. Peters-
burg between the United States Government
and Russia. The negotiators of that treaty
were Hon. Henry Middleton on the part of the
United States and Count Nesselrode on the
part of Russia. The treaty has never been
abrogated, and was in full force when the treaty
was negotiated which we are hereafter to con-
sider, Tbe first article of the treaty of 182-1 is
as follows, namely:
"AeticleI. it is agreed that in any part ofthecrreat
ocean commonly catted the Pacific ocean, or South
sea, the respective citizens or subjects of the high
contracting Powers shall be neither disturbed nor
restrained either hi navigation or in fishing, or in tho
power of resorting to the eoasts upon points which
may not already have been occupied for tho purpose
of trading with the natives, saving always the instruc-
tions and conditions determined by tho following
articles."
The instructions afterward named are such
as were neces-ary to prevent illicit trade.
In 1882 another treaty was negotiated with
Russia, ,the negotiators being Hon. James
Buchanan on the part of the United Slates
'and Count Nesselrode on the part of Russia,
That treaty was of full force and effect at the
time of the negotiation of the late treaty for
the purchase of Russian America. The first
article of that treaty is as follows, namely :
"Aeticls 1. Thereshall be between the territories of
the high contracting parties a reciprocal,liberty of
commerce and navigation. Tho inhabitants oi their
respective States shall mutually have liberty to enter
the ports, places, and rivers of the territories of each
party whei ever foreign commerce is permitted. They
shall.be at liberty to sojourn and reside in all ports
whatsoever of said territories, in order to attend to
their affairs, and they shall enjoy to that effeet the
same security and protection as natives of the coun-
try wherein they reside, on condition of their sub-
mitting to tho laws and ordinances there prevailing,
and particularly to the regulations iu force concern-
ing commerce."
In the first treaty the fourth article provides:
" That during theterm of ten years, counting from
tho siptnaturo of tho present convention, the ships of
both Powers, or which belong to their citizens or sub-
jects, respectively, may reciprocally frequent without
any hinderance whatever, the iuteriorseas, gulfs, har-
bors, nnd creeks upon the coast mentioned in the
preceding article, for the purpose of fishing and
trading with the natives of the country."
The gentleman says that this treaty was ab-
rogated. I take issue with him, and will state
how I understand the matter. This treaty
having been in existence ten years, that pro-
vision of it in article four, which allowed our
people to go inland into the harbors and bays
and rivers to trade with the natives, was abro-
gated, and the reason assigned was that our
people went there not for the purpose of legit-
imate trade, but for the purpose of selling
whisky and fire-arms to the Indians ; and that
provision was therefore abrogated after a long
conference and correspondence between the
State Department, through Mr. Forsyth, and
the Russian Government. Mr. Forsyth main-
tained always, andneveryielded the point, that
under the first article of the treaty w-e had the
right of landing on the coast, but not to visit
the interior bays, and that right was not and
could not be terminated.
Now, sir, in 1825 a treaty was entered into
with Great Britain giving similar privileges,
but tho effect of the Crimean war was to abro-
gate all treaties between Great Britain aud
Russia, aud in 1859, after the war was over, a
new treaty was ratified between Great Britain
and Russia. Before considering it, I beg to
call attention to an article of the treaty with
Russia of 1832, which treaty it is not pre-
tended has been in any degree abrogated. The
gentleman from Massachusetts does not claim
that. The eleventh article of that treaty reads
as follows:
"If either party shall hereafter grant to any othor
nation any particular favor in navigation or com-
merce, it shall immediately become common to the
other party freely when it is freely granted to such
other nation, or on yielding the same compensation
when the grant is conditional."
Now, I assert that in 1859 Bussia entered
into a treaty with Great Britain, and that we
are entitled to the benefit of it under this con-
tract between us and Russia. That there may
be no mistake about it I will read from the
treaty between Russia and Great Britain :
" VT. It is understood that thosubjectsof his Brit-
annic majesty, from whatever quarter they maj
arrive, whether from the ocean, or from the interior
( ot tbe continent, shall forover enjoy the right of
I navigating freely, and without anv hinderance wh:it-
i ever, all thori vers aud streams which, in their coui -e
townrd tho Pacific ocean, may cioss the lino ot dc-
markation upon tho line of coast deseiibed in article
three of tho present convention.
" VII. It is atso understood that for tho space of
fen years from the signature of the present conven-
tion, the vessels of tho two Powers, or those belong-
ing to their respective subjects, shall mutually bo at
liberty to frio'; nt,without, any hinderance whatever,
all the inland '.bo puthaven*, and creeks on
tho coast mentioned iu article three, for the pur-
poses of fishing and oi iivhng with the natives.
"VIII. The port of iiitka, or Koto Arch mgelsk,
shall be open to tho commerce and vessels of Iti ;< j.-h
subjects for tho space of ten years from tho date of
the exchange of the rutiScritions of the present con-
vention. In the event of an extension of this term
ot ten years being granted to any other Power,
the like extension shall he granted also to Great
II Britain."
i| That, treaty was negotiated with Great" Brit-
|l ain in 1S09, and by our treaty with Russia the
!i same privileges inure to us. Then we already
b had this privilege without any expense what-
