1894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
been subsidized with lands and bonds, when, I
say, the report of the committee is, the face
ot the map is, and the facts beyond all ques-
tion are, that there would have been a gap be-
yond the expiration of their one hundred miles,
which, I am told, the committee is right in say-
ingislil'ty miles,for which no subsidies,for which
no lands, were ever intended to be granted to
any company whatever. I think it is a pretty
materialpointin this case. Idonot mean to say
there has been any bad faith about it. I do not
mean to say'that any one intended we should
understand that Judge Curtis had expressed an
opinion covering the case here. I do not mean
to say that the statement was put here inten-
tionally, that they would have had, but for this,
continuous subsidies and lands; but I do call at-
tention to the factthatit is an error by a distance
just as great as that distance from Washington,
if that be the name of the place where the one
hundred miles terminate,down to Junction City.
But I beg to say further that the committee, in
their report, do not find that even this point,
even the right to connect at Fort Riley, under
any condition of these statutes, would have
come to the claimants here. They say:
"The provisions relating to the central branch
were enacted by Congress under tho expectation
that tho eastern division would pass up tho valley
of the Republican Folk and form a.iunction with tho
main trunk at or near the one hundredth degree of
longitude; and tiiat the central branch would unite
and connect with it at some poult on the route."
I have no doubt that was the expectation;
and I think I can show before I sit down that
they have now the opportunity to connect with
a road just as good and upon better terms than
the prosecution of the original eastern division
route ever could have given them.
But, Mr. President, we are told there is a
case of equity here; and that laying out of
view, as my honorable friend from Kansas,
whether inadvertently or not, has done, for the
sake of consistency and candor, laying out of
this case the idea that they have any rights now
by law 
Mr. POMEROY. No, I have not said that.
Mr. CONKLING. I know the Senator has
not said that; but I know also that what he has
said operates, by his declarations and admis-
sions, to show (and I agree with him entirely
in that respect) that it isutterly idle to pretend
that the case presented here is covered by the
law now.
But we are told—and it was that suggestion
which brought the Senator from Michigan to
his feet—that there are equities here which,
although the technical rights may fail, although
the legal rights may fail, should attach; and
which, looking at this as a case of hardship, of
disappointed expectation, of failure to realize
what the parties anticipated, should induce
the Senate to pass this bill. I want to look at
it in that aspect a little while. In order to
consider such a question as this fairly the
situation of the parties on both sides is to be
regarded. I wilt begin with seeing what the
situation of these claimants is. They have,
as in part I said before, received Government
bonds amounting to $16,000 per mile. They
have issued, being authorized to do it under
the law, bonds of their own of an equivalent
amount, §10,000 per mile, making $32,000 in
all. Now, sir, I undertake to say, speaking
upon information derived from men practical
in this subject and knowing this route and
kindred routes, that the road as it stands to-
day—and they say in one of their papers nere
that there is no better road, that there is no
road better equipped, more thoroughly ap-
pointed in rolling stock and apparatus—I un-
dertake to say that that road has not cost to
exceed $82,000 per mile. I know it is very
difficult to get at; but I have a right to say, for
that we know, many Senators who hear me
know, that roads have been made upon routes
kindred to this in their situation and circum-
stances and equipped for a less sum of money
than that I name. They have received, as I said
before, under Indian treaties, one hundred and
twenty-seven thousand acres at least ot land for
which they paid not to exceed §1 25 per acre:
and they have received under the Go'vernment
grant one million two hundred and eighty
thousand acres, subject, as 1 said before, to
whatever accidents there are in the location to
which the Senator from Kansas called atten-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY rose.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator not to
interrupt mc about that, because I say I do not
pretend to affirm that they have received that.
I take it subject to whatever diminution there is.
Mr., POMEROY. I have got the exact fig-
ures—two hundred and thirty thousand ac'res
instead of three hundred thousand as I stated.
Mr. CONKLING. That they have received
already ?
Mr. POMEROY. That they are entitled to
receive.
Mr. CONKLING. How do you know that
is the amount they are entitled to receive?
Mr. POMEROY. 1 got it from the Land
Office, where the lands are reserved for them.
Mr. CONKLING.^ Well, Mr. President, I
have said once or twice that I accept what the
Senator says on that subject, because I know
he is intelligent with regard to it and I know
his good faith. But as the Senator presses me
upon it, I beg to say to him in all candor that
I do not believe these parties have ascertained
any such thing, so that they can rely upon it;
and I say that upon the general knowledge I
have of transactions in the office, I do not
believe that statement; and before this bill
shall pass from us, if it lingers for awhile, I
will endeavor to qualify myseff with the reasons
for what I say. But I am willing to accept
now the statement which the Senator makes.
I say, Mr. President, upon this state of facts,
that that piece of road is a good piece of prop-
erty as it stands ; and I say it would be a good
piece of property if these parties had paid for
it themselves,which they have not, as I believe,
to any appreciable extent whatever. On the
contrary, I believe that the money realized on
the bonds which they have received,§1,600,000
doubled, as I have stated, which would make
nearly three millions and a quarter in round
numbers, has substantially built and equipped
this road. But we are told that it begins at
St. Joseph or Atchison, as you please, and
that it runs west one hundred miles, and there
it is left without a local habitation or a name,
without connection or a prospect, all its hopes
dashed by the deviation of this kindred road
with which it hoped to splice, and with which
it expected to go on rejoicing. Is that true,
sir?
Before I answer that question let me say if
it were true that they had one hundred miles
of road built and paid for in the way I speak
of, and pointing toward this main trunk-—and
there was no resource except to continue and
complete it as every other railroad company
has begun, continued, and completed every
railroad, until the proposition arose to make
one across a trackless wilderness by the aid of
Government subsidies—if, I say, they had no
resort except that, they would be the possess-
ors not only of a most acceptable piece of
property and a good investment, but a most
inviting potentiality; and I think I might say,
without speaking entirely in the air, that if
these gentlemen, to use the phrase, are sick
of their bargain, they will find men who will
take the road off their hands, pay them for i
their entire outlay, and pay them a rate of !
interest upon it which is forbidden by the laws ,
of the State in which I live. |j
But, sir, itis not true thatany such necessity Ij
is upon them. On the contrary, a corporation ij
exists called, I think, the St. Joseph and Den- !|
ver City Railroad Company, which road has 'I
already built a road beginning at St. Josephs
and running oat at least as far as Troy. |i
Mr. MORTON. How far is that? !|
Mr. CONKLING. It isa short distance ; I ;j
think not to exceed eighteen miles; but the ■!
road is projected all the way to Denver City, jl
Some gentlemen who had hero an atlas show- :i
ing r e when the President called the body to ii
order this morning, turned me to the map of il
this region, and looking upon it I saw with
some curiosity that this road was projected
from St. Joseph to Denver, and I saw accord-
ing to the scale of that map, as Senators will
see if they will look at it, that this road will be
carried within twenty or thirty miles of the
claimants' road before it reaches this western
terminus which we are discussing. So that
they will find themselves not with the eastern
division starting at a point fifty or sixty miles
distant from their expiration and running up
the Republican Fork, but with a parallel rail-
road approaching them at their western ter-
minus within twenty or thirty miles and des-
tined to proceed right on to the one hundredth
meridian and to the very main connection which
they started to make.
1 am told by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Henderson',] who, I regret to see, is out of
his seat, that just now, looking to the opening
of spring, movements are inaugurated, indi-
vidual and otherwise, for pushing forward this
St. Joseph and Denver road. The Senator
told me that recently a meeting was held in
the city of St. Joseph, at which I think he said
about a quarter million dollars were raised by
volunteer subscription to push it on, and they
meant to " make it goand when it goes I
submit thutit answers all questions that are to
be asked appealing to considerations of hard-
ship or profit with regard to this matter.
But, Mr. President, there is a little more
than this 
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from New York a question. I regard
this part of his argument as very material. I
wish to ask whether this St. Joseph and Den-
ver road is a subsidized road either by a grant
of money or land?
Mr. CONKLING. I am corning to that
question.
Mr. MORTON. And further, at what point
will it connect with the Pacific road starting
westward from Omaha?
Mr. CONKLING. 1 am obliged to the Sen-
ator. I was coming to that very point.
Mr. POMERO'Y. I should like to know how
it happened that the Senator learned that they
had built a road to Troy ? I never heard of it,
and my colleague never did.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, Mr. President,
that brings one up with a very short turn ; but
I beg to say to the Senator that I know it from
a considerable number of persons of respecta-
bility who have given me that information,
telling me that they had been on the road, that
they knew all about it, and that there it was.
Mr. POMEROY. That it was really built
and running to Troy?
Mr. CONKLING. Really built from the
city of St. Joseph to Troy, or in the immediate
vicinity of Troy. The statement made to me,
I am sure was, "to Troy." I will not under-
take to say thatany gentleman told me that the
road was running that distance, but that the
road was projected from the city of St. Joseph
to the city of Denver ; that they had com-
menced buildiug it, and in building it had
reached Troy.
Mr. DRAKE. Eighteen miles?
Mr. CONKLING. Eighteen miles was the
statement made to me. Now, Mr. President,
as an issue of fact is raised upon that, assum-
ing that this road has not been built to Troy,
assuming nothing except what the statutes
and the current history of the country inform
us is true, namely, that there is a company
chartered to build a road from St. Joseph to
Denver, and that that road is projected: I
say now, in answer to the question of the
Senator from Indiana, that to that railroad
company has accrued the right to the very-
lands which are sought here. I find an act of
Congress, approved July 23, I860, providing—
"That there is hereby granted to the State of
Kansas, for the use and benefit of the Saint Joseph
and Denver City llailroad Company, the same being
a corporation organized under the laws of the Stato
ot Kansas, to construct and operate a railroad from
tiwood, in Kansas, westwardly, via Marjulle, in
thesamo State, so as to etfoot a junction with tho
Union Pacific railroad
