1898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March? 16,
million acres ot' land to it upon a route where
there is a, company already ill o >eration to
build a paiallel road, but also whether we are
to take a new step in a line of legislation which,
although great arguments were made in its
favor in the beginning, would in the end, if
carried far enough, beggar any nation.
I am not going to dispute with thdse who
believe, because 1 was one who believed, that
it was desirable and well originally to foster by
subsidies and lands the laying of a track of
railroad from the Valley of the Mississippi to
the Pacific ocean. I voted for the original
bills looking to the establishment of such a
line of road, and with the lights before me I
should do so again. I was anxious to provide
for a road connecting one side of this continent
with the other side. But, sir, there is such a
matter as too much of a good thing; and it
does not follow that because it was wise to
adopt measures which have already insured a
railroad from Omaha to San Francisco, which
is to bo completed almost while we are talking
about it, it is therefore wise to continue to sub-
sidize companies, not only branches but par-
allel roads, to gridiron the entire West. All
will admit that we are to stop somewhere.
Where are we to stop? Is there any better
place to stop than thai place which wc reach
when we ride one hundred miles west from
Atchison on a railroad, and come to a terminus
within twenty or thirty miles of which a parallel
road already chartered is to go? If that, is not
a good point to stop with subsidies and grants
of land and money 1 do not know where we
shall look.for such a place. It seems to me
that it is.
And although I will not assume in this con-
nection to make any very specific allusion to
u consideration denominated economy, yet I
venture to suggest that if two and a half million
bonds are to be granted here it will be very
difficult in the next plausible case to refuse to
grant the amount asked lor there; and that, if
wc are to continue to go from one to another
jf these bills, considerations of economy will
be brought home to us, no matter whether we
like it or not.
Mr. President, we have tried several times
during this session to curtail upon different
measures. It has been said, and said with
great truth several times, that they were very
small matters, and that efforts were being made
to cut oft' small sums ; and that if we wished
to retrench we had better wait and assail some-
thing of larger proportions. I submit we have
reached now such a measure as that. We have
come toabill the character of which, the mag-
nitude of which, properly invites criticism in
the light of frugality ; because in regard to a
region so thickly settled as this is, on the state-
ment of the Senator from Kansas, and a region
which is already traversed or to be traversed by
roads which we know will be built, it is idle to
talk about it as if it were necessary to make
this grant in order to bring the public lands
into market and in order to enhance the value
of the public domain there and thereabouts.
That will not do; the case lias gone too far for
that already.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man"] reminds me of what I had forgotten, what
strikes the eye in a moment, if you look at the
map, that the city of St. Louis has already a
connection with the Union Pacific railroad—a
double connection. She has first a water con-
nection by the river, and second, a railroad run-
ning all the way from the Pacific railroad to St.
Louis.
Mr. POMEROY. What is that road?
Jlr. SHERMAN. The road along the valley
of the Missouri river.
Mr. POMEROY. All the way?
Mr. SHERMAN. It will be done all the i
way next summer ; it is being finished now. |
Mr. POMEROY, That is a road to be. J
Mr. CONKLING. What is the criticism on i
that statement ? I find it necessary to be very j
technical here. I did not say there were cars !
nmuiivg on this road : I did not know whether !
there were or not. To be sure, the question
did not. occur to me. I only stated what the
map showed, what is public history, what I
have heard over and over again, and what I
think my honorable friend, in his candor, will
not deny, that a railroad has been projected
and has been completed, from St. Louis to the
Union Pacific road. I do not say that every
rail is down, or that the rolling stock is there,
but that, in the language of the newspapers
and the current histories of the day, a road is
completed in the valley of the Missouri from
the Union Pacific railroad, which touches that
valley at Council Bluffs or Omaha, down to
the city of St. Louis, and the line is to be run,
I understand, during the coming season. For
that information I am indebted to the Senator
from Ohio. Certainly the road is laid down
on the map before me, furnished by these very
memorialists. It is not worth while to haggle
and to be too minute—to go with a microscope
at the facts about this, and split hairs with re-
gard to immaterial distinctions. The iact is,
that there is a connection there, looking to the
present and looking to the future; and the
fact is, undoubtedly, that if this bill is defeated
these claimants will carry their road, which is
already laid down on the ground, to a connec-
tion with the Pacific railroad ; and the whole
question is, whether Congress shall put its
hands into the people's pockets and pay for
building the continuation of this road or
whether it shall leave these private capitalists
to do it.
Mr. President, that is the question before
us, and I make no apology for being earnest
in its discussion. I know these gentlemen. I
gainsay nothing of what the Senator from
Maryland said as to their respectability, and as
to the consideration to which they are enti-
tled. As I said before, a majority of them are
constituents ot my own, and it is not a task
that I invite to rise here to interpose objection
to their receiving what they ask. But I repeat
they are the possessors of one hundred miles
of road, which, in my judgment, it did not
cost $82,00D a mile to build and equip: and
$32,000 a mile they have received aj ready in
the bonds of the Government and the first
mortgage bonds of .this road. In addition to
that they have received the public lands and
they have received, under Indian treaties, by
purchase at §1 23 an acre, one hundred and
twenty seven thou,sand acres of land, worth
three or four times as much as they paid
for it. They have laid their road in a for-
tunate place; they have laid their road, as I
have said, at a point which insures to its west-
ern terminus the near proximity of advanc-
ing roads. The practical question, the only
question is, whether these gentlemen, thus for-
tunate, powerful us they are known to be in
the capital that they wield, and their names
only need be looked at to fortify me in that
regard, whether these gentlemen, affluent in
means, abundantly able to consummate and
complete their investments, are to be left with
their own means to obtain a connection mak-
ing yet richer, yet more desirable the fran-
chise which has been given them, or whether
we are to take from the public Treasury at
this time 4*2,500,000 in bonds and one million
nine hundred thousand acres of land and pre-
sent it as a subsidy, where, in my humble |
judgment, the public interest does not require !
that any subsidy should be granted? 'That is I
the question, sir; and if the peculiar eircum- 1
stances of this case make it a question differ- ;
cnt from the one which would be presented if i
I or you or some new comer wore here asking 1
such a grant, those circumstances, in my 1
judgment as a lawyer and legislator, do not 1
change it in favor of the claimants, but very |
materially the other way. >
Mr. President, I wish to apologize again for ;
the time which I have been enticed into con- i
suming. 1 rose for the purpose of making '
what 1 meant to bo a very brief and very sim- ,
pie statement. I have been led by the in- ,
quiries and remarks of others into a somewhat i
extended comment upon this bill. If the facts,
as I understand tliem, are erroneously under-
stood ; if the considerations which in truth and
in law pertain to this case are not those which
thus far have guided my judgment I shall be
v.ery glad to know it, and 1 shall certainly vote
in accordance with any controlling considera-
tion which can be brought forward. I need
not say, Mr. President, that no matter what
considerations of urgency in respect to the
public need might press upon me, if the faith
of the nation were plighted; if its gage had
been given to these parties, or their assignors,
that the demands of this bill should be com-
plied with, I would certainly not be the first to
shrink from the full measure of responsibility
and of compliance which that good faith re-
quires ; but, as I understand the facts, no such
consideration arises. There is no more obliga-
tion in respect to vested rights or plighted faith
to make this donation to the claimants named
in the bill than to make it to any member of
this body, or any citizen of this country. I
leave the question, sir, having assigned iu this
imperfect way the reasons which, as I under-
stand the facts, prevent me at present giving
the bill my support.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Michi-
gan will yield to me I desire to make a state-
ment which will not require more ttian five
minutes.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish only to make a very
brief statement in reply to the Senator from
New York. I know that the Senator has been
entirely sincere in the remarks he has made,
and that his errors are only such as are inci-
dent to the fact that ho is not acquainted with
the geography of the country of which he
speaks, and is not very familiar with the early
legislation on this question. The errors of the
Senator from New York arise, I believe, en-
tirely from the fact that he is not familial with
this route and the routes of the other roads ic-
ferrcd to in the bills, and is not familiar with
the legislation in regard to them.
This company places its claim, if, indeed,
it is a claim, entirely upon the law, and the law
can be stated in a single sentence. As as-
signees of the Hannibal and St. Joseph Rail-
road Company, they were entitled to,make a
connection with the Union Pacilic railroad,
eastern division, within a hundred miles, and
that eastern division was required to be so lo-
cated that the several roads from Missouri and
Iowa authorized to connect could make the
connection within the limits prescribed by that
act, provided it could be done without deviat-
ing from the general direction of the line to
the Pacilic coast. That was substantially the
provision of the ninth section ot the act of 18C2.
That was a sufficient guarantee that they were
to have a subsidy in lands and bonds lor all the
road they were required to build.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. I propose to occupyonly
five minutes, and then to stop.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I certainly will not in-
teirupt. the Senator, though I heaid him with
patience.
Mr. POMEROY. I know the only way to
defeat the bill is to talk too much, "and I do
not mean to do that.
Mr. COXKLING. I wonder that did not
occur to the Senator when he catechised me
somewhat copiously. As he is correcting me
now, I beg him to allow me to seek a little
info rmation.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well.
Mr. CONKI jING. Does the Senator mean
that the act he has just referred to required
the eat-tarn division to so locate its road that
the central branch would unite with it within
one hundred miles?
Mr. POMEROY. Y'es, sir; the law so
requires.
Mr. CONKLING. Then the act or acts of
the eastern division locating its route down to
