512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
sion to intimate yesterday, is essential to the ;
national life. I do not propose to repeat my
argument of yesterday at length, but only to
the perfection of what 1 may say to-day. 1 beg
leave to stale, in brief, what 1 did more at
length yesterday, that American nationality
under the Constitution never existed one hour,
never can exir-t an hour while that Constitu-
tion remains what it is. save through and by the
adliv-iing, organized constitutional States ol
the Union. Hence the necessity of this power
and the necessity for its enforcement.
it would seem from the gentleman's remarks
that this essential guarantee, essential alike to
the State and nation, is not to be enforced by
acts of Congress. If it is not to be enforced
by law of Congress, pray by what means is it
to be enforced? The gentleman referred to
the act of 1795. That act, sir, had no very
particular relation to the first clause of the
fourth section and fourth article of the Con-
stitution, but it had relation rather to the suc-
ceeding clause, to wit, the power to protect
the States against invasion or domestic insur-
rection. Still, the very enactment of that law
in 1795 was an acknowledgment that legisla-
tion was necessary to enforce that section and
article of the Constitntion. The time had not
come while Washington lived, nor during the
lives of his great compeers, when it became
necessary by any special enactment of Con-
gress to enforce the first clause of that essen-
tial provision of the Constitution, than which
there is none more essential to the maintenance
of this Government. But unhappily, sir, that
time has now arrived. The people of ten
States of this Union have abrogated their
governments. The gentleman says that the
object of this bill is to abrogate their govern-
ments. i
Does the gentleman not know that the peo- [
pie of South Carolina abrogated their govern- \
ment in 1861 ? Does the gentleman not know i
that the people of the remaining nine disor-
ganized States that engaged in the horrid work ,
of secession, robbery, treason, and murder, J
abrogated their several constitutions of gov-
ernment during those four years of bloody ,
conflict ? Their governments were abrogated.
The President of the United States, the acting
President, if it be parliamentary to name him,
Andrew Johnson, who seems to be in some ,
sort approved by the gentleman and hia party,
came to the conclusion that these several
States had abrogated their governments and
that there were no constitutional or republi-
can governments there. This guarantee, this
power of the Government of the United States
cannot be made effective in a State in the
absence of any State government whatever,
Congress can by law aid the people to restore
it, but cannot guaranty a republican form of
government until the people establish it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me a question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to know of the
gentleman from Ohio if that clause of the
Constitution to which he has" referred is not
wholly inapplicable to this subject? If these
State constitutions and State governments are
entirely abrogated, can the word " guaranty"
apply to a total abstinence or absence of gov-
ernment and of Constitution? And if that be
not so, I ask him what he intends or proposes
to guaranty under the provision of the Consti-
tution—whether it is the government that
existed prior to 1861 or the government that
existed since that period?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is only
asking me to repeat the very words I uttered
just before he arose from his seat. But it
was in the gentleman's speech and it had to
come out. I had just said, when the gentle-
man interrupted me—and it was with some
difficulty that I was permitted to proceed until
I had finished the sentence—I had just said
that the guarantee could not be operative in a
State in the absence of an organized State
government, republican in form, and adopted
by the people.
| But I also said, the people of those States, j
! having abrogated their preexisting govern- j
ments by treason and war, within the letter 1
and spirit of the provisions of the Constitu- I
tion of the United States, before referred to, '
it is for Congress to aid by laws the people
within said States to reorganize republican
governments. I had already intimated that
the President of the United States, Andrew
Johnson, was of that mind, though he seetns
recently to have passed into the hands of the
friends of the gentlemen on the other side.
Hence, he issued his proclamation to enable
these people to reorganize republican forms
of government under the Constitution of the
United States, as it was their right and their
duty to do.
To that end the President appointed provis-
ional governors over them. To that end lie
directed what should be their action in their
conventions; among other things, that thoy
should adopt an ordinance repealing their ordi-
nances of secession, or, if you please, adopt
an ordinance declaring their ordinance of seces-
sion void, also an ordinance declaring void
their debt contracted in aid of the rebellion,
to the end that the Government of the United
States might give them protection under this
provision of the Constitution in the event that
tliey should reorganize governments republi-
can in form.
If the gentleman will
Mr. ELDRIDGE.
allow me  
Mr. BINGHAM.
Mr. ELDIUDGE.
by the gentleman.
Mr. BINGHAM,
man perfectlv.
Mr. ELDUIDGE.
misunderstands me.
Mr. BINGHAM.
Mr. ELDRIDGE.
No, not now.
I wish to be understood
I understand the gentle-
I think the gentleman
If that is so I will yield.
I understood the gentle-
man to start out by taking the position that we
had the right to enact this bill into a law under
and by virtue of that provision of the Consti-
tution which requires the United States to
guaranty to each State a republican form of
government. Now, I ask him if that be not
so, if he does not propose to act under that
provision of the Constitution, then under what
provision of the Constitution does he propose
to act? Or, if he does not propose to act
under any other than that provision of the
Constitution, then must their not be a prior
government which it is proposed to guaranty?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is now
talking about the bill; I am talking about the
first section. I understand exactly my own
position, and I trust the gentleman will have
full opportunity hereafter to answer it at his
leisure.
I had been stating—and when the gentle-
man interrupted me I was trying to make
myself understood, whether gentlemen agree
with me or not—that to secure this privilege to
the people of a guarantee of a republican form
of government legislation by Congress was ne-
cessary. And why? Because, first, an organized
mob, armed to the teeth, had broken down and
destroyed the then existing republican forms of
government in the several States lately in rebel-
lion against the United States; second, because
the presence of thatgreat body of men who organ-
ized the rebellion and prosecuted it with such
activity and such terrific energy for over four
rendered it impossible for the loyal people years
themselves to reorganize their State govern-
ments without the aid of Congress and the pro-
tection of national law. To accomplish that
end, whatever is necessary to be done to give
the people the benefit of the guarantee a Re-
publican Congress may do ; and so the Con-
stitution, as I have said, expressly provides.
The gentleman refers simply to the guaranty
clause of the Constitution. I quote more
than the guaranty clause. I quote the express
grant of power that the Congress of the United
States shall have power to make all laws neces-
sary and proper to carry into execution the
powers vested in the Government of the United
States by the Constitution.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir: I cannot yield.
Now, it is perfectly well understood by law-
yers that whatever is necessary to be done to
J accomplish the end Congress may dp: provided,
of course, it be not expressly prohibited by the
very terms of the Constitution. It is necessary
that the people in these several disorganized
States shall have the opportunity peaceably,
quietly, under the shelter of the law, to reorgan-
ize republican governments. This clause de-
clares that, such a provision being necessary,
Congress may enact it. Not that the guarantee
can be operative until the State government is
made ; but the guarantee never can be opera-
tive unless the State government be made.
That is the point, and the whole point.
The Constitution is not strained by the pro-
posed legislation. 1 refer, in support of my
position, to a decision made by the chief of all
your judges—Marshall—from the Supreme
"bench, and the foremost of all his decision*—
a decision which, I venture to say, will live as
long as our language lives—in which he gives
the same latitude of construction to this grant
of power that I claim for it this day. Marshall
says:
"To prescribe the specific means by which tha
Government should in all future time execute its
powers, and to confine the choice* of means to such
narrow limits as should not leave it in the power of
Congress to adopt any which might bo appropriate
and conducive to the end, would be most unwise and
pernicious."
1 Those are the words of Marshall; and before
him, one of the frainersof this great instrument,
himself not second to Marshall in the powers
and might of his intellect or in his patriotism,
said that it was very clear under that grant of
power that Congress itself was the final judge
I of the necessity of the legislation.
I That, sir, is all I have occasion to say on that
pointnow. If the United States is to guarantee
a republican form of government to every State
in this Union, and the power to carry out this
guarantee is exclusively in Congress, as your
great judge has ruled under the obligations of
his oath, does it not necessarily result that
Congress determines whether there is a repub-
lican government there at all, and that the de-
cision of Congress in this behalf is finally
binding on every other department of the Gov-
ernment? Happily, sir, that question is also
settled, and it is not needful that I should ex-
haust my strength or the patience of this House
in arguing it to-day. I refer to the decision of
another Chief Justice of the United States in
the case of Luther vs. Borden, reported in 7
Howard, where he decided that the original
power to determine this very question was in
the Congress of the United States. He de-
cided further, speaking for the whole court, as
I recollect, that the only power of the Execu-
tive in the matter was such power as might be
conferred upon him under an act of Congress ;
that he derived no power at all directly from
the Constitution.
That court decided further upon that occa-
sion—and it is a very apt response to all that
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
has intimated in his minority report and tho
remarks he has just made—that the judiciary
must be concluded by the decision of the po-
litical department of the Government; " else,"
said the judge, ''this provision of the Consti-
tution would be a guarantee of anarchy, not
of order." It requires no argument to be
addressed to intelligent, thoughtful men to
vindicate the exact justice of these weighty
words that fell from the lips of the Chief Jus-
tice. Why, it must be obvious to every man
that if the judiciary were not concluded by the
decision of the political department the judi-
ciary might decide that there was a republican
government, while Congress decided that there
was not, and thus you would have anarchy—
anarchy authorized by the very terms of your
Constitution. Sir, the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States is no such worthless contrivance.
It has more certainty about it; it has more of
the character of law—law in its highest sense,
