2920
T0E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
June6,
of said tax or any process or remedy provided in said
acts, or any other acts, for the enforcement or col-
lection of the same m any State; but said first tax,
and any such process or remedy, shall continue ia all
respccts in force, anything in this act to the contrary
notwithstanding.
No amendment was offered,.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 50. And be it further enacted* That if, for any
cause, at any time, in any part of the United States,
the laws cannot be executed, it shall be the duty of
the President, and he is hereby authorized, to pro-
ceed to execute the provisions of this act within such
portion of the United States so soon as the authority
of-the United States shall he reestablished therein,
and to collect the taxes in such States, under the
regulations prescribed in this act, so far as appli-
cable; and where not applicable the assessment and
levy shall be made, and the time and manner of col-
lection regulated by the instructions and directions
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and lor
the purposes ot this act all territory and Indian res-
ervations shall be taken and held to be apait of the
United States.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to
amend this section by adding to it the following :
And all goods, wares, and merchandise manufac-
tured or produced within such reservations or Ter-
ritory shall be held subject to tax as if manufactured
■within a collection district, and the tax upon such
goods, wares, and merchandise shall be and continue
a lien upon the same in the hands of all persons
whomsoever; and when such goods, wares, or mer-
chandise shall have been removed irom the Indian
territory or reservation in which they have been
manufactured the assessor or assistant assessor of
any collection district wherein they may be found
shall immediately assess the tax due thereon, and
shall, without delay,return the same to the collector
or deputy collector, who shall domand and receive
of the owner or person in chargo or custody thereof
the amount of the tax so assessed, unless evidence
of the previous payment of such tax shall be pro-
duced under such regulations as the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue shall prescribe.
Mr. INGELISOLL. I move to amend the
amendmentby striking out the word 'k Indian/'
and inserting the woTd "any" before the word
"Territory."
Mr. SCHENCK. That will not accomplish
the object the gentleman apparently has in
view.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Why not?
Mr. SCHENOK. Because the law now
extends over Territories as over States. But
the department has decidcd that whisky and
other articles manufactured on Indian reser-
vations cannot be reached.
Mr. IN G E RSO LL. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Schexck was then
agreed to.
Mr. VAN THUMP. I move to farther
amend this section by striking out the words,
"so soon as the authority of the United States
shall be reestablished therein." I know of no
portion of the United States where the author-
ity of the United Slates does not exist by virtue
of law.
Mr. MAYNARD. There are some Indian
people who are giving us a heap of trouble
just now.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I know of no Indian
people within the territory of the United
States.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Vax Trump ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 10, noes 54 ; no quorum
voting.
Mr. SCHENCK. In order that the com-
mittee may not be broken up for want of a
quorum, I ask unanimous consent that this
amendment be regarded as agreed to, and we
can take a vote upon it in the House.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was accordingly agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 51. uiad be it further cnacted, That all goods,
wares, merchandise, articles, or objccts, on which
taxes are imposed, which shall be found in the pos-
session or custody, or withm the control of any per-
son, for the purpose of bcingsoid or removed by such
person in fraud of the internal revenue laws, or with
design to evade the payment of said taxes, may be
seized by the collcetoior a deputy collector, or by the
assessor or an a^ibtant assessor, of the proper dis-
trict, and ibrieited to the United States; and also ail
raw materials found in the possession'of any person
intending to manufacture the same into articles of a
kind saWocfe to t^x, for the purpose of fraudulently
selling such manufactured articles, or with design to
evade the payment of said tax; and also all tools,
implements, instruments, and personal property
whatsoever, in the place or building, or within any
yard or inclosure, where such articles or suoh raw
materials shall be found, may also be seized and for-
feited as aforesaid; and the proceedings to enforce
said forfeiture shall be in the nature of a proceeding
mmnin the circuit or district court oi the United
States for the district where such seizure is made, or
in any other court of competent jurisdiction. And
any person who shall have in his custody or posses-
sion any such goods, wares, merchandise, articles, or
objects, subject to tax as aforesaid, for the purpose
of selling the same with the design of evading pay-
ment of the taxes imposed thereon, shall be liable
to a penalty of $300, or not less than doublo the
amount of said taxes. The goods, wares, merchan-
dise, articles, or objects whichshallbeso seizedmay,
at the option of the cojlectoror assessor, ho delivered
to the marshal of said district, and remain in his
care and custody until he shall obtain possession by
process of law; and the costs of seizure made before
process issues shall be taxable by the court.
Mr. LOUGHR1DGE. I move to amend the
second sentence of this section by striking out
at the close of it the words u or not less than
double the amount of said taxes," and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the words, u and where such
taxes amount to more than $250 such fine
shall be douBle the amount of tax."
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not object to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to further amend
the second sentence of this section by insert-
ing the words "or have actually sold or trans-
ferred''before the words "any such goods, wares,
merchandise, articles, or objects." This sec-
tion imposes a penalty upon any person having
in his possession property liable to taxation,
for the purpose of evading the payment of the
tax. But it does not now make any provision
for the case of a person who has actually sold
or transferred it for that purpose. Hence my
amendment seems to be necessary in order to
carry out the idea the Committee of Ways and
Means seem to have in view.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman will find
that any goods which have been removed on
any account whatever are liable.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This proposes a penalty
upon the person removing them.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentle-
man that his amendment in the terms in which
he has put it will render the phraseology of the
section scarcely proper. It would read, I
believe—
" Any person who shall have in his custody or pos-
session any such goods tor the pupose of selling the
same, with the design oi evading the payment," &e.
The gentleman should propose his amend-
ment at some subsequent place.
Mr. SCllENCK. The matter is provided
for in the next section.
The amendment of Mr. Benjamin was not
agreed to.
No further amendment being offered,
The next section was read as follows :
Sec. 52. And be it further enactcd, That in case
any goods or commodities on which any tax is
imposed, or any materials, utensils, or vessels, proper
or intended to be made use ot for or in the making
of such goods or commocUties shall be removed, or
shall be deposited or concealed in any place, with
intent to defraud the United States ot such tax, or
any part thereof, such goods and commodities, and
such materials, utensils, and vessels, respectively,
shall bo forfeited; and in every case where any goods
or commodities shall be forfeited under the iuternal
revenue laws, every cask, vessel, case or other pack-
age containing, or having contained, or intended to
contain, such goods or commodities, respectively,
and every vessel, boat, cart, carriage, or other con-
veyance, and all horses or other animals used in the"
removal or for the depOMt or concealment thereof,
shall befori'eited; and every person who shall remove,
deposit, or conceal, or be concerned in removing,
depositing, or concealing any such goods or commod-
ities with intent to defraud tho United States ot the
tax or any part thereof, shall be fined not le s than
$100 nor more than $5,000, and be imprisoned not
less than three months lior more than two years.
Mr. SCHENCK. On behalf of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, I move to amend
by striking out after the word '• respectively,"
iu line eight, of the section just read, the words,
"shall be forfeited: and in every case where
any goods or commodities shall be forfeited
under the internal revenue laws,'' and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the words "together with,"
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move further to amend
this section by striking out in line fourteen the
words "horses or other animals," and inserting
iu lieu thereof the words "animals and other
property."
The amendment was agreed to.
No further .amendment being offered, the
next section was read as follows :
Sec. 53. And be it further enacted, Tiiui tho Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue is hereby authorised,
on appeal to him made withm fifteen months from
the date of assessment thereof, to remit- all taxes
erroneously or illegally assessed, and to refund by
requisition on the 'i'reasury all taxes erroneously or
illegally collected; sueh power to remit .and refund
to extend to moneys assessed or collected as penal
tax in eases where an assessor or assistant assessor
has or shall have added saeh penal tax to the assess-
ment. and the Commissioner shall be of opinion, that
this addition was improper. Tho Commissioner shall
also have power, upon such appeal being made to
him as aforesaid, to refund in like manner all fine3
or penalties collected without authority, orcoflected
in cases where the tax shall have been refunded
underthepowerhereingiven: Provided, That where
a second assessment has beep or may hereafter be
made in case of a return which, in, the opinion of the
assessor of assistant assessor, was fraudulent, or con-
tained any understatement or undervaluation, sueh
assessment shall not be remitted, norshail taxes col-
lected under such assessment be recovered or re-
funded. unless it is proved that said return was not
fraudulent; and if sueh proof shall be furnished, the
sum remitted or refunded shall not include the
amount, if any, assessed or collected in consequence
of understatement or undervaluation. 'Ihe circuit
and district courts of the United States shall have
jurisdiction in all cases at law or in equity arising
under the internal revenue laws. But no suit shall
be maintained in any court for the recovery of any
tax alleged to have been erroneously or illegally col-
lected, until such appeal shall have been duly made
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue and a
decision of said Commissioner had thereon, and no
such suit shall be maintained iu any court unless
brought within six months from the time of sueh
decision; but if the decision shall be delayed more
than six months from the date of appeal, then suit
may be brought at any time within twelve months
from the date of such appeal. No suit for the pur-
pose of restraining the assessment or collection of
tax shall be maintained in any court.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the sec-
tion just read, by striking out in lines twenty-
three and twenty-four, the words assessed or
collected in consequence of," and inserting iu
lieu thereof the words "which should have
been assessed or collected had there been no
so that the clause will read:
And if such proof shall be furnished, the sum
remitted or refunded shall not include the amount,
if any, which should have been assessed or collected
had there been nounderstatementorundervaluation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to which I think there will be 110 oppo-
sition by the committee. It is to insert after
the word "suit" in line thirty-six, the words
"commenced after March 2,-1867;" so that
the last sentence of the section will read:
No suit commenced after March 2,1867, for the pur-
pose ot restraining the assessment or collection of
tax shall be maintained iu any court.
There was no such provision as this in our
internal revenue law until March 2, 1807,
when the provision of this section, in substan-
tially the same words, was incorporated in the
law by way of amendment. There being before
that time no such provision, of course, any per-
son against whom the tax was assessed might,
if he believed himself legally exempt, bring
his suit to try that question by way of injunc-
tion in tho courts of the United States. Now,
I happen to know that while such was the law,
while it was proper for parties to bring their
suits iu that way, a suit was brought Lo try a
very important question under the revenue law.
Not only was the question important, but the
amount involved was considerable. The par-
ties brought their suit by bill in the circuit
court of the United States, and they brought
it 111 the form of an injunction.
Of course, having brought their suit in that
way, it was incumbent upon them to tile a bond
with good and sufficient security that, if the
suit was declared against them, they would
pay the tax that was claimed. 1 have good
reason to believe that amendment, slipped in
during a night session of the Seuate, was for
the purpose of affecting that suit.
I understand that all laws in relation to
remedies ought to be proajpectivein operation.
