3944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
ernor of the Territory be authorized to raise a
regiment of volunteer troops ; which was laid
ou the table.
committee on enrolled bills.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Golladay] declines further service
on the Committee on Enrolled Bills. The
Chair appoints to fill the vacancy the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Trimble.]
message mom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 201)
in relation to the Rock Island bridge, with an
amendment, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate hadinsisted uponita amendment, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. II. No. 554)
making a grant of land to the State of Minne-
sota to aid in the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi river, had agreed to the
conference asked by the House, and had ap-
pointed as conferees on the part of the Senate
Messrs. Ramsey, Hendricks, and Pomeroy.
unmustered ar5iy officers.
Mr. BO YER, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 2S8) amendatory of joint resolution
for the relief of certain officers of the Army,
approved July 26, 1806.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The first section of the joint resolution, which
was read, provides that the joint resolution
entitled ''Joint resolution for the relief of cer-
tain officers of the Army," approved July 20,
1806, shall be so construed and amended that,
in all cases arising under the same, the per-
sons to whom the commission shall have issued
shall be considered as actually commissioned
to the grade named therein, immediately upon
the arrival of said commission at the headquar-
ters of the regiment to which such person so
commissioned belonged or was at the time
attached, or, if a staff officer, at the headquar-
ters of the department in which he was serving,
with like effect as if such commission had been
received into the actual possession of the per-
son so promoted ; provided, however, that a
non-commissioned officer or private so pro-
moted shall be considered as commissioned,
within the meaning of said joint resolution,
from thedate when his commission was actually
issued by competent authority, provided at the
time he was performing the duties of thegrade
to which he was commissioned, or from such
time after the issuing of his commission when
he actually entered upon such duties.
The second section provides that this reso-
lution shall not be construed to apply to cases
in which, under the lawsand Army regulations
existing at the time, there could have been no
lawful muster into service even after the actual
receipt of the commission.
Mr. BO YER. I ask that the report be read.
The report accompanying the bill was as
follows:
The committee in reporting the resolution amend-
atory of joint resolution for the relief of certain offi-
cers oi the Army, approved July 26,1866, have done
so with the expectation that it will include most of
those cases in which further relief should be granted
on account of the delay or absence of regular muster
into the military service.
The committee arc aware that it is not practicable
by the terms of any general law to provide for every
meritorious ease; but they are impressed with the
belief that special legislation ought to be avoided
unless in very exceptional cases, as always likely to
involve great irregularity, mistakes, and uncertainty.
There is a largo and somewhat varied class of
claims, arising out of cases in which commissions
were issued to persons who wero either never mus-
tered into serviec, or mustered in after long delay,
for which they were not personally responsible. If
all these claims were allowed it is estimated that it
would require the appropriation of about twenty
million dollars to pay them.
In many of these cases the claimants never per-
formed any duty in the grades to which they were
respectively commissioned, because by reason of cap-
ture, wounds, or sickness, they were either absent
from their commands or unfit for actual service.
In other cases a long-time elapsed from the same
causes before the claimants could present themselves
for muster agreeably to the regulation of the service,
but tho muster having finally taken place, back pay
is claimed for tho whole time lost between the com-
mission and the muster.
In some instances there was no vacancy in tho rank
to which the promotion was made, and another per-
son was filling the rank and drawing tho pay, but
absent on recruiting service, or on account of sick-
ness or other cause.
In other cases the regiment or company in which
the promotion was made had been reduced below
the minimum, or was consolidated with some other
regiment or company. In most of these cases your
committee is of opinion that there is no sufficient
ground for relief.
It must be remembered that in nearly o-ll the cases
of this description which come before Congress for
special legislation, the muster could not take place
because prohibited by some Army regulation in foroe
at the timo.
It is also to bo borne in mind that the regimental
and company organization ot the voluntoer forces
was such that tho Governors of States issued the
commissions, and the United States paid the officers.
General regulations for muster and pay were abso-
lutely necessary for the protection of the General
Government, and it by no means followed that be-
cause a person was commissioned he should be at
once advanced to tho rank to which he had been
promoted, and mustered in and paid accordingly.
Nor is it always equitablo that a second lieutenant
who does the duty of a first lieutenant, or a first lieu-
tenant who acts as a captain, &c., should each he paid
as of the higher rank in which tho duties were per-
formed. That one officer should often exerciso the
authority of a higher rank than that in which he is
commissioned, is a common and honorable incident
of the service, and does not generally carry with it
any well-founded claim to increased pay and emolu-
ments.
Still loss is tho equity in favor of a commissioned
officer who while m captivity was promoted to a
higher grade, but was unable by reason ol his situa-
tion to receive his new commission,ortoporformany
of the duties it devolved upon him, which in tho
mean time wero necessarily discharged, if discharged
at all, by some oiher person.
Tho committee have,howover,recognizedasaelass
of persons ontitled to additional relief those who,
while perlorming the duties incident to the rank to
which it was intended to commission them, were
excluded from the muster solely because, by some
accident over which they had no control, thoir com-
missions, actually issued, were not promptly received.
And they havo also considered themselves justified
in making a slight discrimination in favor of non-
commissioned officers and privates, promoted to be
commissioned officers under tho circumstances re-
cited.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BOYER moved to reconsider tho vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
missouri volunteers.
Mr. PILE, from the Committee 011 Military
Affairs,reported back, with arecommendation
that the same do pass, Senate joint resolution
No. 81, placing certain troops of Missouri on
an equal footing with others as to bounties.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution provides that the troops
recognized in an act entitled " A11 act making
appropriations for completing the defenses ot
Washington, and for other purposes," approved
February 13,1862, shall be placed on an equal
footing with volunteers as to bounties, and
that all laws relating to bounties shall be appli-
cable to them as to other volunteers.
Mr. PAINE. Of course I have 110 desire
to throw any obstacle in the way of the pas-
sage of any bill to-night that ought to pass.
But inasmuch as this joint resolution does not
show the real state of facts as they are, I
would like to have some explanation of it.
Mr. SPALDING. We all know about it.
Mr. PILE. This joint resolution has re-
ceived the unanimous approval of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs of this House. It
has been twice examined by the Military Com-
mittee at previous sessions of Congress, and
it has passed the House twice. It simply
proposes to place certain classes of troops in
Missouri upon the same footing with other
volunteers. Those troops were mustered into
the service, paid by the United States, and
they served just as other volunteers, and it is a
simple act of justice to them to place them
upon an equal footing with other volunteers.
Mr. PAINE. Does this joint resolution
allow bounty for any shorter period of service
than is allowed to other volunteers?
Mr. PILE. Not at all.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PILE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that, the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
neat york wail claims.
Mr. KETCHAM, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with the rec-
ommendation that the same do pass, House
bill No. 1278, providing for the appointment
of a commission to examine and report upon
certain claims of the State of New York.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The first section of the bill, which was read,
provides that the President shall appointthree
commissioners, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, who are not residents
of the State of New York, whose duty it shall
be to ascertain the amount of moneys expended
by the State of New York in enrolling, organ-
izing, uniforming, equipping, subsisting, quar-
tering, supplying, transporting, and paying
such troops as were called into service by the
Governor in pursuance of any request or proc-
lamation of the President of the United States,
or at the request or upon the order of the Sec-
retary of War, since the 15th day of April,
1861, to act in concert with the United States
forces in the suppression of the rebellion against
the United States.
The second section provides that the com-
missioners so appointed shall proceed, subject
to regulations to be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of War, at once to examine all the items
of expenditure made by said State for the pur-
poses herein named, or such portion thereof as
yet remains unallowed or unadjusted, allowing
only for disbursements made and amounts as-
sumed by the State for enrolling, organizing,
uniforming, equipping, subsisting, quartering,
supplying, transporting, and paying such troops
as were called into service by the Governor in
pursuance of any request or proclamation of the
United States, or at the request or upon the
order of the Secretary of War, since the 15th
day of April, 1861, which may have been em-
ployed or used in suppressing the rebellion
against the United States; and no allowance
shall be made for any troops which did not
perform actual military service in full concert
and cooperation with the authorities of the
United States and subject to their orders.
The third section provides that in making up
said account, for the convenience of the ac-
counting officers of the Government, the com-
missioners shall state separately the amounts
expended, respectively, for enrolling, equip-
ping, arming, subsisting, transporting, and
paying said troops.
The fourth section provides that in the ad-
justment of accounts under this act the com-
missioners shall not allow for any expenditure
or compensation for service at a rate greater
than was at the time authorized by the laws 01
the United States and the regulations pre-
scribed by the Secretary of War in similar
cases.
The fifth section provides that so soon as said
commissioners shall have made up said account
and ascertained the balance, as herein directed,
they shall make written report thereof, show-
ing the different items of expenditure, as here-
inbefore stated, to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury^which report shall by him be laid before
Congress for its consideration.
The sixth section provides that the commis-
sioners to be appointed as aforesaid shall,
before proceeding to the discharge of their
duties, be sworn that they will carefully exam-
ine the accounts existing between the United
States and the State of New York, and that
they will, to the best of their ability, make a
just, true, and impartial statement thereof,
