1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2021
Every lawyer of the House understands that
when a law is passed affecting the forms of
remedies, it is not retrospective unless it is so
provided in its terms and requires that con-
struction. Congress has uniformly, in all the
laws it has ever passed of this kind, permitted
parties to avail themselves of their rights under
the law as it stood, that is that existing suits
should be saved from the operation of the new
law.
I believe this amendment was introduced
for the purpose of cutting up these parties in
the remedies they had, and, so far as I know, it
will not affect any other parties in the United
States than the parties to that suit, and I
appeal to the House to say whether it is not
just to these parties to let their suit go on,
instead of compelling them to bring a new suit,
when they have given abundant security that
if the suit shall be decided against them, the
judgment shall be paid ?
Mr. IIOLMAN. It seems to me that the
argument of the gentleman from Vermont is a
strong one against this whole bill. I do not
think the Government of the United States
should seek this advantage over the citizen.
They seize, his property, compel him to pay
taxes, and then when wrong has been done
him he has to come all the way here to have
refunded the money unjustly taken from him.
And when he does recover it he only gets back
the amount taken from him. and for all the
time that he has lost, for the expense that he
has been put to, there is not one cent of dam-
ages paid to him by the Government. I say
that the Government of the United States
ought not to ask such a thing of the citizens
of the United States. It ought not to inflict
these outrages and wrongs upon the citizens of
the United States without granting them am-
ple remedies. I do not believe there is a Gov-
ernment in which lingers any regard for indi-
vidual rights which would assume to close the
courts of the Government against the rights
of the citizens, against his protection from
wrong and injustice. It is the first time, so
far as I am aware of, that in any act of Con-
gress distrust of the courts of the country has
been manifested. The Government, with all
this extraordinary power, is not to be restrained
by the courts. As I have already said, 1 think
the gentleman's speech is a forcible argument
against the whole provision. TheFederal courts
sliould.be open at all times to protect the citi-
zen from wrong and injustice.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is here as with the
collection of duties on imports. The duties
are collected, it may bo under protest, and then
a suit can be brought for the recovery of any
duties levied illegally. The gentleman, I am
sure, would not encourage any man in the eva-
sion of payment of taxes.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Certainly not, if the courts
are open for him to procure an injunction.
The question was taken on Mr. Poland's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the
last sentence of the section.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I understand that some
privileged questions are to be presented to the
House, and I now move that the committee rise.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 67, noes 31.
Mr. RANDALL demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeiioy re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the special order, being the bill
(H. It. No. 1050) to reduce into one act and to
amend the laws relating to internal taxes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
AD.MJSSiOX OF ARKANSAS.
Mr. BE AMAN. I rise to make a privileged
repoil.
The. committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Ilougos on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House, No. 1039. to admit
the State of Arkansas to representation in Congress,
having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from its amendment to the
House bill, and agree to said bill with the following
amendment added thereto:
Under laws equally applicable to all the inhabit-
ants ot said btate; Provided, That any alteration of
said constitution prospective in its effect, may be
made in regard to the time and place of residence of
voters, and that the House agree to the same.
ihat the House reeedc from its disagreement to the
amendment of the preamble to the bill, and agree to
the same. XHADDMJS STEVENS,
F. C. BEAMAN,
Managers on the part of the llouse.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
C. I). DRAKE.
HENRY WILSON,
Managers on the part of Ike Senate.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the reading of
the bill as amended.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to lay the report
on the table.
On laying the report on the table there
were—ayes'20, noes 70; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair appointed
Messrs. Eldridge and Beaman. ■
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 19, noes 75.
The SPEAKER. No quorum has voted,
and the hour of five o'clock having arrived
the House stands adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. INGERSOLL: The petition of Mrs.
Elizabeth G. Hibben, widow of Rev. Samuel
IJibben, praying for a pension.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio: The peti-
tion of Henry C. Whitney, of Lawrence, Kan-
sas, asking that authority be given to secure by
treaty an extinguishment of Indian title in
Osage reserve and trust lands, so that the lands
may be open to homestead entry and sale to
actual settlers at $1 25 per acre.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Jacob
Batzel, and 57 others, iron-workers in Phila-
delphia, Pennsylvania, setting forth that owing
to foreign competition their industry is greatly
depressed and many of the trade are out of
employment, and praying for additional pro-
tective duties.
Also, the petition of 71 employes in the
iron-works of Verree& Mitchell, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, praying for such increase of pro-
tective duties as will revive manufactures and
restore prosperity to the country.
Also, the petition of 30 workers in the Fair-
hill iron-works of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
setting forth that owing to foreign competition
their industry is greatly depressed and many
of the trade are out of employment, and pray-
ing for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 95 iron and brass-work-
ers ot Philadelphia. Pennsylvania, setting foith
that owing to foreign competition their indus-
try is greatly depressed and many of the trade
are out of employment, and praying for addi-
tional protective duties.
Also, the petition of Hannah K. Cook, widow
of John M. Cook, late second lieutenant com-
pany E, one hundred and nineteenth Pennsyl-
vania volunteers, afterward second lieutenant
of twenty-ninth and thirtieth companies second
battalion Veteran Reserve corps, for pension
under act ol J uly 1-1, 18G2.
Also, the petition of H. Dienelt and 61
others, employes of Columbia Works, Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, praying for such increase
of protective duties as will revive manufac-
tures and restore prosperity to the country.
Also, the petition of George W. Fraunce
and 41 others, glass-workers of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, setting forth that owing to for-
eign competition their industry is greatly de-
pressed and many of the trade are out ol
employment, and praying for additional pro-
tective duties.
Also, the petition of Robert Carnalian and
113 others, glass-blowers of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, setting forth that owing to foreign
competition their industry is greatly depressed,
and praying for additional protective duties.
Also, thepetition of 76 workingmenin Drug-
gist's Glassware Manufactory, of Philadelphia,
setting forth that industry is greatly depressed
and many Of the trade are out of employment,
and praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 55 workingmen in
Stephen Robbin's rolling-mill, of Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, setting forth that owing
to foreign, competition their industry is greatly
depressed and many of the trade are ont of
employment, and praying for additional pro-
tective duties.
Also, the petition of 47 workingmen in the
chemical works of Harrison, Brothers & Co., of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, setting forth that
owing to foreign competition their industry is
greatly depressed and many of the trade are
out of employment, and praying for additional
protective duties.
Also, the petition of 38 carpet-weavers in
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, setting forth that
their industry is greatly depressed, and pray-
ing for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 65 stocking-makers in
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, setting forth the
depression of manufacturing industry, and
praying for an increase of protective duties.
Also, the petition of 72 workingmen in
machinery and scale works of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, praying for additional protective
duties.
Also, the petition of 21 iron workers in Phil-
adelphia, Pennsylvania, praying for additional
protective duties.
Also, the petition of Philadelphia dealers in
leaf tobacco and cigar manufacturers, against
the proposed reduction of the duty on imported
cigars, and in favor of the present tax of five
dollars a thousand on cigars.
By Mr. 11AUM: The peLi'tion of Fred. B.
Weston and others, praying the establishment
of a mail route from Golconda via Lusk, m
Pope county, to Equality, in Gallatin county.
Also, the petition of W. Kurtz and 7 others,
of Metropolis City, Illinois, praying that the
present tax on cigars be retained.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of the
marine band of the Washington navy-yard,
asking for a small increase of pay.
By Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire:
The petition of Abigail Telton, widow of Ben-
jamin Stevens, a Revolutionary soldier, for
pension.
Also, the remonstrance of Stephen Thayer
and 28 others, cigar manufacturers in the sec-
ond congressional district m said State, against
the proposed license, increase of tax, and
reduction of tariff on cigars.
By Mr. TAYLOR : The petitions of 73 iron-
workers in the Keystone Forge and other iron-
works of Pennsylvania, setting forth that owing
to foreign competition their industry is gieatly
depressed and many of the trade are out of
employment, and praying for additional pro-
tective duties.
Also, the petition of 72 workers in Biides-
burg Chemical Works, Pennsylvania, setting
forth that owing to foreign competition their
industry is greatly depressed and many of the
trade are out of employment, and praying for
additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 28 workmen in hosiery
mills at Germantown, Pennsylvania, com-
plaining of the depression of manufacturing
industry, and praying for such additional pro-
tective duties as will revive manufactures and
restore prosperity to the country.
Also, the petition of 3(Jiron-workers in Phil-
adelphia, setting forth that owing to foreign
competition their industry is greatly depressed
and many of the trade are out of employment,
and praying for additional protective duties.
Also, the petition of 45 woikers of the
Bridesburg Manufacturing Company, Pennsyl-
vania, setting forth that, owing to foreign com-
petition their industry is greatly depressed and
