i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
imt
Junction City and thence up the Republican
Fork wore in violation of the law, as the Sen-
ator understands?
Mr._ POMEROY. They did not locate at
Junction City. There the Senator's geography
is at fault. They did not go down to Junction
City and then up the Republican.
Mr. CONKLING. Did they not go to Fort
Riley?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. I speak of Junction City
and Fort Riley as convertible terms. I know
they are not precisely the same, but I speak
of that vicinity.
Mr. POMEROY. But they were not obliged
to go to Fort Riley.
Mr. CONKLING. No matter whether they
were obliged to go there or not; my question
is whether they violated the law in going to
Fort Riley and then up the Republican Fork?
Mr. POMEROY. My answer is that they
were required to locate within the limits pre-
scribed by the law.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no right to com-
plain of the answer, because the Senator is not
bound to give me an answer; but my question
was very explicit.
Mr. POMEROY. Excuse me a moment.
They were required to locate within the limits
prescribed by the law, and the Republican val-
ley was regaided as practically complying with
it, because it is not fifteen miles from the end
of this road when there built to the Republican
valley. If the Senator was as familiar with
that country as he is with places in New York
known to both of us I should be entirely sat-
isfied to rely on his statements ; but I should
look with as much complacency upon his tell-
ing the Senate that it was fifty miles from Al-
bany to Troy as 1 can look upon his statement
that it is fifty miles from the terminus of this
road to the Republican. I have driven over
the ground many times.
Mr. CONKLING. My friend will pardon
me. The Committee on the Pacific Railroad
have reported here with this bill a report, in
which they say that in a direct line it is about
fifty miles. Surely he should not blame me for
taking the report of the committee.
Mr. POMEROY. It was a mistake of the
committee.
Mr. CONKLING. It is not my mistake, I
beg the Senator to understand; and if he will
be kind enough to answer the question I should
like to know whether he says it was a violation
of the law that the eastern division located its
route down to Fort Riley and thence up the
Republican Fork.
Mr. POMEROY. It was not a substantial
compliance with the law, but I would not re
gard it as a violation of tiie law, because it was
practically near enough for this company to
make connection.
Mr. CONKLING. Then theSenator under-
stands the words "within the limits aforesaid"
to refer, as to this company we are now con-
sidering, to the one hundred miles?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 will take a future occa-
sion, if I am able to get the floor, to state what
I suppose that clause to mean.
Mr, POMEROY. Then I say this company
were authorized to make a connection within
the limits prescribed by law. When the bill
was before Congress in 1800, authorizing the
eastern division to deviate from the line of the
Republican to the Smoky Hill. I called the
attention of the Senate to this provision of the
act of 1864:
" And in case any company. authorized thereto
shall not enter into such consolidated organization,
such company, upon the completion of-its road as
herein before provided, shall be entitled to, and is
hereby authorized to, eontinuo and extend the same
under the circurastanccs aDd in accordance with the
provision? of this section, and to have all the ben-
efits thereof as fully and completely as are herein
provided touching said consolidated organization."
1 claimed then that the rights of this com-
pany to continue that line vested and would be
insisted upon. It is only in pursuance of that
provision of the law that they have the right
to claim under the ljiw the right to build on this
line. The subsidies already granted, and upon
.which the Senator from New York has expa-
tiated so largely, are by no means, at least so
far as the land is concerned, what he has rep-
resented. Although for the first one hundred
miles of this road the company gets but two
hundred and thirty thousand acres of land, the
bill, if we were to judge simply from its let-
ter, gives the company sixteen hundred thou-
sand acres. To have the right t.o the lands is
one thing; but when they are actually occu-
pied and taken by settlers so that the company
does not get them it is quite another thing.
This subsidy, although on paper it seems so
large, as a matter of fact dwindles into insig-
nificance and becomes almost nothing.
As to the Senator's idea that the company's
rights interfere with any other company, I have
only to gay that whatever right was acquired
by the company authorized in 1800 could not
be interfered with by grants previously made.
This grant was made in 1802. The Senator,
in n long argument, has undertaken to show
a grant made in 1800 takes these lands. By
no means. The company to whom that grant
is made is only entitled to such lands as were
not already granted and as had not been actually
occupied and taken possession of. These
lands had been already granted and had been
set apart by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to this company and for this
line.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question by way of explana-
tion ?
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Did not the Senator
himself in 1800, when the Smoky Hill bill was
under consideration, state that the Hannibal
and St. Joseph line was only entitled to bonds
tor one hundred miles ; and was not his only
point at that time that possibly some further
legislation would be required to enable them
to build further West, but that tliey would only
be entitled to bonds for one hundred miles,
whichever way the eastern division should be
luu? It seems to be so stated in the Globe in
the remarks of the Senator.
Mr. POMEROY. My remarks in the Globe
were not of that character. I said there would
have to be further legislation iu respect to the
rights of the settlers. Settlers had taken land
at §2 50 an acre, and if you allowed this com-
pany to change its location there would have
to be further legislation ; and the Senator from
Michigan immediately rose and said he was
prepared to bring in a bill to relieve settlers
who had taken their land at double the min-
imum price; and that is the legislation to which
I referred in the remarks I made. 1 have been
looking over the Globe.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Kansas
did say that; but afterward, on the 19th of
June, 1800, when the very question of the effect
of the act we were then passing and the act
of 1804 would have on the Hannibal and St.
Joseph Company or its assigns was up, the
Globe represents my friend from Kansas as
sajing this:
"Though the Hannibal and ISi. Joseph Railroad
Company had the light to build a branch under the
provisions of the act, they had to use a charter to bo
obtained from the Legislature of Kansas, from the
fact that a company in one State could not bo au-
thorized, even by act of Congress, to build in another
State, except with the consent of the State and by
using a charter of that State. The law says that they
shall have land and bonds for only one hundred
miles. It does not say that they shall not build any
further, as llie Senator seems to claim. Thin com-
pany located its road and filed its platon the Repub-
lican. The Hannibal and St. Joseph roadhad notice
then, and all the world had, that this company was
going up the Republican. They then filed their plat
out to the Republican to meet this company, and
went on building their branch road. They are grad-
ing the sixty-fifth section to-day on that lino to the
Republican. They had the light to connect with
them anywhere, but were not to have bonds or land
for over one hundred miles."
Mr. POMEROY. That is what I say now:
that if they were able to connect with that
company, and that company had not changed
its line, they would only have the right to land
and bonds for one hundred miles. But the
law did provide that if that jBowpany felled, or
they were not able to make the connection
within the limits prescribed, nothing should
interfere with their having the right, with the
subsidy to go on to the one hundredth meridian.
That is provided for in the same law ; and not
at all inconsistent with that were th<5 remarks
which I made in I860.
I will only add a word ; I do not intend to
take up any time on this question; but this
road being in my own State, I should be doing
injustice to citizens of my State if I did not
say that this company which was authorized by
legislation to form the connection spoken of,
has been deprived of that connection by a
change of route of the eastern division road.
The right of this company to build its road and
to have the connection was vested ; and what-
ever damage it may have been to this company
to have been deprived of its rights, if the Sen-
ate construes its legislation to have deprived it
of rights, we are bound in equity if not in
law to make up by giving the right to the con-
nection provided in the orignal bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will permit me
to ask him whether that is not quite a different
question from the question of their being enti-
tled to bonds, as they say they are, by force of
the existing law? Whether they are entitled to
damages for having a lino diverted from them
on which they coufd run, is quite a different
question from what the law already existing
entitles them to.
Mr. POilEROY. I have found that many
gentlemen, lawyers, have doubts whether the
law is clear without additional legislation ; but
nobody has any doubt as to the equity of the
thing. If a person is not able to see the pro-
priety of the bill in point of law, he must cer-
tainly see the equity and justice of it when the
circumstances are mentioned. If this was really
a new grantand had never been enacted before,
I should have despaired of advocating it; in-
deed I would not urge it. I have said over and
over again that new grants for new enterprises
maybe impracticable at this session; but as
this is the completion of an old grant, as it is
carrying into effect a policy already inaugurated
by law, it stands on an entirely different basis
from a proposition to make a new grant; and it
is mainly on that, giound that I advocate it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Kansas one question, that I may un-
derstand this matter somewhat. L wish to
understand from him whether he said that he
did not intend to vote any subsidies to any new
roads during this session of Congress, and that
lie thought, this had some peculiar claim to a
subsidy on account of past legislation?
Mr. POMEROY. I said that this stands
on an entirely different basis from a new enter-
prise.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the honor-
able. Senator from New York has invited oar
attention to a great variety of facts and con-
siderations, and opened a broad, almost unlim-
ited, field of discussion and argument. I do
not propose to follow him through all the
points he has taken or endeavored to take in
the discussion of this, which is to me a very
simple proposition. His whole discursive argu-
ment concentrates itself into one simple conclu-
sion of his own, that the present bill for the relief
of the Central Branch is totally without merit,
and that the United States are not bound upon
any principle of law, equity, or good faith to
extend the relief asked for or any part thereof.
As to the question whether we are bound in
good faith or not, we may as well go to the, law
and the testimony. The ninth section of the
act of 1802 declares—
"That the Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western
Railroad Company of Kansas are hereby author-
ized to construct a railroad and (olograph line Irom
the Missouri river, at the mouth of the Kansas liver,
on the south side thereof, so as to connect with the
Pacific railroad of Missouri, to the aforesaid point on
the one hundredth meridian of longitude west from
Greenwich, as herein provided,upon the same terms
and conditions in all respects as ara provided in this
act for theconstruction of tbe railroad and tolegraph
line fiist mentioned."
Here is the right, privilege, or franchise,
