1898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
whatever you please to call it, granted to the
eastern division to construct a railroad from
the mouth of tlxe Kansas river to the one hun-
dredth meridian of longitude, which is the in-
itiative point in the Union Pacific railroad
proper. >Doesanybody doubt this? Of course
it cannot be doubted. The same section of
the act declares:
"And said railroad through Kansas shall be so
located, between the mouth of the Kansas river, as
aforesaid, and the aforesaid point on tho one hun-
dredth meridian of longitude, that tho several rail-
roads from Missouri and Iowa, herein authorized to
connect with the same, can make connection within
tho limits prescribed in this act."
That is to say, within the distance of one
hundred miles west of the Missouri river. The
act is mandatory; it requires that the eastern
division shall be so constructed that the other
branches, to come in from the Bast, may reach
it within the distance of one hundred miles.
Nothing can be more manifest or iudisputable
than this. But the act proceeds:
" Provided, The same can bo done without deviat-
ing from the general direction of tho whole lino to
tho Pacific coast. The route in Kansas, west of tho
medidian of Fort Riley, to the aforesaid point on tho
one hundredth meridian of longitude, to bo subject
to the approval of tho President of the Unitr^l States,
and to be determined by him on actual survey."
There, sir, is the whole of this case, really.
llr. EDMUNDS. Now, will the Senator
read in that connection the thirteenth section
of the act of 1802 ?
Mr. HOWARD. Why should I read it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It seems to have a bear-
ing 011 the question.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to
reading it. Section thirteen of the same act
declares :
"That the Hannibal and St. J oseph Railroad Com-
pany of Missouri"—
Now known as the Central Branch—
" may extend its roads from St. Joseph via Atchi-
son to connect and unite with the road through
Kansas."
That is, that the eastern division—■
"Upon filing its assent to tho provisions of this act
npm the same terms and conditions in all respects
tor ono hundred nules in length next to the Missouri
river, as are provided in this act for tlio construction
of tho railroad and telegraphlinefirstmontionod, and
may, for this purpose, use any railroad charter which
has been or may be granted by the Legislature of
Kansas."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator be kind
enough to read the proviso to that section
which seems to touch it?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly. The proviso
is as follows:
" Provided, That if actual survey shall render it
desirable tho said company may construct their road,
with the consent of tho Kansas Legislature, on tho
most direct and practicable route west from St. Joseph,
Missouri, so as to connect and unite with the road
leading from tho western boundary of Iowa at any
point east of the one hundredth meridian of west lon-
gitude, or with tho main trunk Toad at said point:
but in no event shall lands or bonds bo given to said
company as herein directed to aid in the construc-
tion of theirsaid road for a greater distance than one
hundred miles."
It was plainly, therefore, contemplated that
the eastern division, leaving the mouth of the
Kansas on its way to the one hundredth me-
ridian, should be so located, so arranged, so
surveyed, that all these branches mentioned in
the charter of the Union Pacific railroad could
form a connection with that line within the
one hundred miles. It was the duty of the
eastern division beyond a doubt, on accepting
this portion of its charter, to proceed to con-
struct its road within the limits I have men-
tioned, for the purpose of enabling the cen-
tral branch to avail itself of its privilege of
forming connection with it on its way to the one
hundredth meridian. This is not disputed. No-
body can dispute it, for it is the very language
of the law itself. After this, and in 1806, upon
the application of the eastern division, Con-
gress changed this law and allowed the eastern
division to diverge off toward the southwest,
to pass away toward Denver, and released it as
a corporation from its obligation to pass up
the Republican Pork, or rather in such direc-
tion as to enablethe branches to form the con-
nections I have mentioned. The eastern division
was released by act of Congress from this plain
duty imposed upon it by its charter; but this
release by no means took away from the
branches the valuable right and privilege given
to them of forming a connection with the east-
ern division on its way to the one hundredth
meridian. Congress took it into their heads
to deprive them of this privilege, and they did
it by the act of 1866.
This, I say, was a right given to the branches
—the right of forming this connection. It was
a valuable right. It was to this company and
to others an almost inestimable privilege. It
is very true that Congress, in its omnipotence,
can, if it sees fit, change its laws; perhaps it
has the power under the Constitution actually
to repeal a charter that it may have granted
to any company without having reserved the
right to do so. But will the honorable Sena-
tor from New York say that Congress, having
promised and guarantied this privilege in terms
so explicit as those 1 have read from the stat-
ute, may now, without a violation of its good
faith, turn around and say to the branches
you shall not enjoy this privilege; we will ren-
der it absolutely impossible foryou to enjoy it?
I think he will not.
Mr. CONIiLING. Does the Senator wish
me to answer that?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir ; I do not ask for
an answer.
Mr. CONKLING. I should be very glad to
answer if tho Senator wishes me to do so.
Mr. HO WARD. I have now stated the sub-
stance of this case. This branch had a right
to form this connection originally by the act
of 1862. By the legislation of 186-1 it also had
the right, in case the eastern division should fail
to construct its road in the direction of the Re-
publican Fork within the time prescribed, to
enter upon its route and construct the road it-
self. By the plainest terms of the law it had
this right in case the eastern division, by any
neglect or fault of its own, had failed to con-
struct its road. But the eastern division com-
mitted no such fault; it was guilty of no such
neglect; it was expressly authorized by act of
Congress in 1805 to abandon its old route and
go up the Smoky Hill Fork. Now the central
branch comes before us and says, "Here you
have by your legislation authorized us in the
first place to form a connection with the east-
ern division on its way to the one hundredth
meridian, and by your act of 1866 you have
taken from us this privilege ; it is to us a valu-
able, an inestimable privilege ; we ask of you
indemnity ; we ask of you protection ; we have
expended our money in the construction of our
road for one hundred miles on the faith, and
nothing butthe faith, of the enactments of Con-
gress ; they are now changed, and we are left
destitute."
Sir, the whole policy of the Pacific railroad
acts requires the construction of these branches
and all of them, and gives to each branch the
right to form a connection with the main trunk,
which proceeds westwardly from the one hun-
dredth meridian. The present branch has been
compelled to stop its work at the end of one
hundred miles into the interior of Kansas. It is
not progressing further, because, relying upon
the faith of the Government, the corporation
expect that there shall be given it the same
right and privilege contemplated in the act of
1864 in case of the failure of the eastern divis-
ion to construct that road onward to the one
hundredth degree.
The honorable Senator from New York has
said a good deal about there being a gap be-
tween the present western terminus of the cen-
tral branch and what he seems to regard as the
route of the eastern division had it proceeded
onward up the Republican Fork. Sir, does not
the Senator know from the language of the
statute that at that very terminus, the end of
its ono hundred miles, it had the right to form
a connection with the eastern division ? Be-
sides, it is not by the present bill required that
the central branch shall proceed a single foot
westwardly from its present terminus. It may,
if it sees fit, change its direction at that point
and go directly to the northwest and form a
connection with the Omaha branch at a point
considerably to the cast of the one hundredth
meridian ; and that is what it probably will
do, as I am informed.
But the great point of the argument is, Mr.
President, that the Government is bound by
its own legislation, by the express words of its
enactments, to see to it that this central branch
has bonds and lands to complete its route so
as to form a connection with the main trunk,
and upon that ground I am entirely willing to
rest the claim. The good faith of the Govern-
ment has been pledged to carry out this plan.
I will not now enter into a technical discussion
of the construction given to the acts of 1864
and 1866 by the Secretary of the Interior ; I
will not now say, because I do not deem it
necessary, whether he was right or wrong in
the construction he gave to those acts; but I
do say, and I doinsist, that the Government is
bound in good faith to keep its contract and to
perform its promise with this company.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator from
Michigan allow me to ask him whether he did
not report the bill of 1806, which authorized
this eastern division line to diverge to the
southward ?
Mr. HOWARD. Is it material who re-
ported it ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to get at
the fact.
Mr. HOWARD. I made the report from
the Committeeon the Pacific Railroad, accord-
ing to their instruction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I wish to ask my
friend if he did not then contend that the pas-
sage of that bill violated nobody's obligations
and disturbed nobody's rights ; that the act of
1864 had given to all these branches east of
the one hundredth meridian the right to ex-
tend themselves independently to any point of
connection west of the one hundredth meri-
dian, subject always to the limitation that they
could only have bonds for one hundred miles ?
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Ver-
mont calls my attention back to the legal, tech-
nical question of the right of this company to
proceed and construct its road without any
further legislation to the one hundredth meri-
dian. That is a question which I do not deem
it necessary now to discuss. It is not discussed
iti the report of the committee who presented
this bill to the Senate, and I deem all discus-
sion of that question entirely useless. What
I say is that under the legislation of Congress
our faith is plighted to this company, and we
cannot now refuse to keep that faith. I may
entertain one opinion as to the legal right of
this company and another Senator may enter-
tain another. That is not, however, the ques-
tion ; in my mind it is a question of pure good
faith and nothing else.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The object of my inquiry
was really to get information. I am desirous
of doing this company justice. I remember
the passage of the act of 1866; having had but
little experience in public aflairs, and mv
mind, therefore, not being burdened by a long
history of legislation, I cannot forget the cir-
cumstances under which the act of 1866, which
authorized the eastern division to diverge itself
to the southward, was passed. It was passed
on the report of my friend from Michigan, the
chairman of the Pacific Railroad Committee.
It was maintained by him, against the opposi-
tion of my fiiend from Massachusetts, on the
ground that it was doing injustice to this very
line that is now claiming a right, and to the
Union Pacific, also, on the ground not, as it
was then contended, that it would entitle ihem
to any bonds beyond a hundred miles, but on
the ground that they were entitled to make a
connection east of the one hundredth meridian.
That was combatted by the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Henderson] on the ground that
the act of 1864 gave these companies the right
to connect west of the one hundredth meridian,
and, therefore, it was contended that these
i other branches had no rights which would be
| infringed by the resolution of this doubt.
i It was stated in that same connection by my
