THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2923
to Harlan &
$38,513;" so as to
lars," in line fifteen
Hollingsworth, the saii^|
make the bill read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to paytoSecor&Co.,
and Prime, Secor & Co., the sum of $115,539 01; to
Harrison Loring, $38,513; to the Atlantic Iron Works,
of Boston, Massachusetts, $4,852 58; to Aqiiilla
Adama. the sum of $4,852 68 ; to M. F. Merritt,
the sum of $4,852 58; to Tomlinson, Haterpee & Co.,
$15,171; to Harlan & Hollingsworth, the sum of
&38.513 ; and to Poole & Hunt, the sura of ยง3.694 81,
being the amount found to be due to each of the
parties herein respectively named by the Secretary
of the Navy under an act of Congress entitled " An
act for the relief of certain contractors for the con-
struction of vessels of war and steam machinery,"
approved March 2,1867.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask if there is any pro-
vision that this allowance shall be in fall of
the claims of these parties ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. This is a bill that was
reported by the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs before he was called away. It
has been carefully considered bythat commit-
tee ; and the present acting chairman, the
Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony,]
and myself, were desired by the committee to
call it up in the absence of the chairman.
There is not a provision that this shall be in
full, for the reason that there are certain other
vessels that were constructed by some of these
parties, and they desire, in regard to those
other vessels for which no provision is made
in this bill, that they may go with their cases
to the Court of Claims, under the bill reported
by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Drake.]
One of these firms constructed five or seven
vessels, perhaps more, losing on all of them.
An allowance was made by the board on two
or three of them, not allowing anything on
some three or four of the vessels constructed
by them. Therefore the committee did not
provide that no further allowance should be
made, because the committee was of opinion
that it was fair to allow them in regard to
those other vessels to go before the Court of
Claims as in other eases.
I will state to the Senate that this bill is
reported under the act of March 2, 1867,
which provided for a board to examine these
cases on certain established rules, and the
allowance has been made to these parties under
that act. The bill is simply an affirmance of
the allowance that has been made. In my
judgment, "the allowance is not one half what
the parties were really entitled to, but the
probability is that they cannot get more.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. IIOWE. Mr. President, my attention
is just called to this bill this moment. It is
Borne time since I have seen it or heard of it,
prid I have forgotten just what my impressions
were about it when I last knew it. I am not
entirely sure now whether the bill before the
Senate is the one to pay an award that was
made under the act of 1867 or whether it is a
bill to refer other claims to the Court of
Claims.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This is a bill to pay
the award simply.
Mr. HOWE. Very well; then I believe I
have no objection to that, as near as I can
remember. There were two bills.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This is to pay the
award ; the other bill will be for the consider-
ation of the Senate when called up.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Mr. President, that we
may understand this all alike, will the Senator
from Indiana tell us whether this bill is to pay
the awards treating the awards as a finality,
or whether the bill itself implies that after the
awards are paid the same claims upon which
tli? awards have been made are to be further
adjudicated ?
. Mr. HENDRICKS. In regard to the par-
ticular vessels, where allowances have been
niiide by this board, I regard the award as a
finality, and I should not hesitate to say that
the Court of Claims would be required to
regard it as a finality; but when Congress has
made provision for them, of course the_ Court
of Claims would not have any jurisdiction of
those particular vessels. But in the case of
one or two contractors, they constructed other
vessels that were not before the board ; and if
it is the pleasure of Congress to allow the con-
tractors to go before the Court of Claims, I
suppose that in regard to those vessels not pro-
vided for in this bill at all we have the right to
allow them to go.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, if the Senator will
allowme a little further, the act of March, 1867,
provided for the submission to a board of these
claims. Am I to understand that the claims
were submitted to the board, upon which the
award was adverse, and that those claims thus
adversely decided are to be now resubmitted to
the Court of Claims?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That question is not
raised by this bill at all. That question will
come up on another bill, but it is not in this
bill. This bill simply stands upon the award.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] has
charge of the bill to which the Senator from
New York now refers.
Mr. DRAKE. There is one point about
this bill which it seems to me should engage
the attention of the Senate. The parties named
in the bill constructed a number of iron-clad
vessels for the Government. The Navy De-
partment, in the course of the construction of
those vessels, directed alterations from time to
time, which greatly increased the expense of
them. The parties came to Congress for com-
pensation for the increased expense to which
they were put over and above the contract
price for which they had agreed to make them.
A naval commission was appointed by the Navy
Department to investigate the subject, and sat
some seven months engaged in that work with
regard to all the cases of the construction of
iron-elad vessels in which the Navy Depart-
ment had made alterations so as to increase
the expense. That commission made a very
elaborate and careful report in regard to the
whole of them, showing all the facts in every
case. For some reason or other, another com-
mission was subsequently organized by the
Navy Department to whom all these matters
were referred, and that commission was not in
session as many weeks as the prior commission
had been in session months. They did not
bring before them any witnesses at all, as the
prior commission had done, and after the lapse
of about seven weeks of existence, they re-
ported against every one of the claims except
the five that are named in the pending bill. I
believe five.
Now, sir, instead of throwing all the claims
of that description before a tribunal where the
Government would be represented and the
claimants would be represented, and having
the whole subject investigated by the Court
of Claims, the proposition is to single out in
the pending bill the ca&s where that second
commission made an allowance, and pay them.
The point that is needing the attention of the
Senate, in my judgment, is this: that whereas
the individuals named in this bill have a gross
amount allowed to them, it is not stated in the
bill on account of what vessel the allowance is
made; it is made to them on account of all
their claims ; so that if the matter should ever
come to bo referred to the Court of Claims
hereafter, and they present their claims, they
may get allowances made in the Court ot
Claims on the very same basis upon which
these allowances are now made.
Mr. FRELINGHOYSEN. If the Senator
will permit me, the report of the commission
shows on what these items are allowed.
Mr. DRAKE. I submit, in reply to thehon-
orable Senator from New Jersey, that the bill
should specifically apply these amounts to the
particular things upon which they are intended
to be allowed, and not that these parties con-
structing, for illustration, ten vessels, and get-
ting an allowance upon five of them, should
bring ill their whole claims for the whole ten
vessels afterwards, and spread this amount
allowed by the pending bill over the whole of
them. That is one point of objection that I
have to this bill.
Another point of objection is that through
some means that we do not comprehend this
second commission in the Navy Department,
sitting not as many weeks as the first ene sat
months, have just thrown out altogether all the
other claims, which, 1 venture to say, upon
investigation would be found equally merito-
rious with these, and singled these out for the
favor of Congress, leaving the others entirely
out in the cold. Now, sir, there is pending
here a joint resolution which sends the whole
of these claims to the Court of Claims. That
joint resolution has been before the Naval
Committee of the Senate and reported back
without amendment, and its passage recom-
mended ; and the point with me is, why should
we take up these five and ignore all the rest?
As I do not happen to have in ray possession
at this moment, but have left them at my room,
the documents which bear on this matter, I
would much prefer that the consideration of
the pending bill should not be pressed to a con-
clusion to-day.
Mr. CORBETT. In my opinion, it should
be expressed in the bill either that this amount
which is to be paid shall be in full for the
claims of these individuals, or else that it shall
be for their claims for particular vessels, as
suggested by the Senator from Missouri. I
think it will be entirely wrong to leave the
matter open for a readjustment of the claims in
the Court of Claims after we have made a par-
tial allowance. Either the whole matter should
bo referred now, before this appropriation, to
the Court of Claims, or else, if this allowance
is to be made, the bill ought to specify particu-
larly for what vessels it is made, so that the
parties may not go to the Court of Claims with
the same claims again.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I have before
me the report of the commission appointed by
the Secretary of the Navy, and it will be found
by examination that this report makes a dis-
tinction between the different contractors and
different vessels. The report names the differ-
ent vessels for which the contractors are to
receive an allowance, so that it is not neces-
sary to specify in the bill the particular vessels
upon which the allowance is paid.
In the first place the commission examined
the accounts of all these contractors, and report
here the amount that it cost each contractor
more than he received from the Government
to build the vessel which he contracted to con-
struct. That is put down in a separate column,
and then there is a column containing the
amount of loss to each contractor occasioned
by alterations and delays ordered by the Gov-
ernment, and it is on account of these altera-
tions and delays that the awards are made in
these five cases.
In the case of Secor & Co., and Prime, Secor
& Co., the description of the work is, " River
and harbor monitors Manhattan, Tecumseh,
and Maliopac," and the actual cost of these
three vessels, over and above the contract price,
was ยง1,236,101 22, and the amount of such
increased cost caused by the delay and action
of the Government as determined by the board
was $115,539 01, and the commission report
that the Government shall pay the latter
amount, being the actual increased cost to the
contractors caused by the delay of the Govern-
ment and alterations ordered by it. The next
case on the list is that of Alexander Swift &
Co., builders of the river and harbor monitors
Oneota and Catawba. The board report the
actual cost of those vessels, over and above the
eontiact price, to be ^065,757 22; butthe board
did not find that there was any loss occasioned
by the delay of the Government and alteratio ns
ordered by the Government, so that they did
not report anything in favor of these parties.
So it is throughout, and hence it will be seen
that if this bill passes it will simply pay the
contractors named the money that the board
awar ded to them as the increased cost ot then
work occasioned by tlic delay ot the Govern-
ment and by the alterations ordered by the
Government It leaves s.ii the othtji cases
where the contractors claim that they suffered
