1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3947
opportunity occasionally to perform, if he is
able to do so, some duty. I do not see why lie
should not have an opportunity to be ordered
to duty, if he desires it, and to receive full pay.
A good many of the retired officers of the Army
are now oil duty. Under the existing law the
Secretary of War has authority to detail for
active duty an officer who has been retired, and
such officer, while performing this duty, receives
the full pay of his rank instead of the half pay
to which a retired officer is entitled. I would
like the gentleman to give us some explanation
on this point.
Mr. GARFIELD. The bill which I propose
to offer to the House immediately after this
shall have been disposed of proposes to make
a very large reduction in the roster of the Army;
and that bill provides that those who may be
dropped from active duty in consequence of
such reduction of the Army may be assigned
by the Secretary of War to special duty, re-
ceiving full pay while so engaged. If officers
retired in consequence of inability to perform
duty are allowed to be put on duty we simply
open the door to the continuance and increase
of an evil which already exists to a consid-
erable extent. Officers get up claims for
retirement, make a persuasive array of their
aches and pains, and thus secure positions on
the retired list, and then, perhaps, after two
or three months' relief, they obtain, through
political or personal influence, an assignment
to some pleasant duty, and thus again enjoy
the full pay which they received before being
retired, with the additional advantage of being
in a comfortable place instead of in the field.
I have before me a record from the Adjutant
General's office showing the number of persons
who, under the present laws, have been retired,
and are now upon the retired list. The list
shows an exceedingly large number. It shows
one hundred and forty-two officers upon the
retired list: four major generals, seven brig-
adier generals, twenty-eight colonels, • thir-
teen lieutenant colonels, twenty-nine majors,
thirty-four captains, sixteen first lieutenants,
four second lieutenants, two military store-
keepers, and five chaplains ; and of the entire
number, seventy-seven are now on duty, more
than one half on the retired list, and so far
as I know, they are upon the most comfort-
able duty in the whole range of the Army ser-
vice. Officers upon the retired list receive pay
at the following rates: major general, $247
per month ; brigadier general, $195 ; colonel,
$177; lieutenant colonel, $158 ; major, $139;
captain, $114 ; first lieutenant, $101 ; second
lieutenant, $95 ; military storekeeper, $127 ;
and chaplain, $114.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the gentleman
state their full pay?
Mr. GARFIELD. This is their pay and
allowances while unemployed, which is about
half the pay of an officer on the active list.
When employed they have full pay as if they
were not retired. It is said that officers who
received only a scratch in the Army, enough
to make them a little lame, men in full and
robusthealth, young men, men in the prime of
life, good for forty years yet, are on the retired
list. They can go to Europe and elsewhere,
and through political influence by and by be
put upon light duty at full pay. They can go
into business and practice their profession
whiie not on duty.
Now, sir, I wish to call attention to two
extracts from the Army and Navy Journal.
They will show the working of the present law
for retiring officers in two cases where officers
have been retired by the retiring board.
The Clerk read as follows:
"A board of examination having found Brovet
Major William G. Edgerton, captain twenty-ninth
United States infantry, 'incapacitated for active ser-
vice, and that said incapacity is not the result, of
long and faithful service, of wounds or injury
received in the line of duty, sickness, or exposure
therein, or any other incident of service, but results
from "dipsomania," produeed by his own willful
intemperance in the use of alcoholic drinks,' the
President directs that, in aeeordanco with section
seventeen of the act of Congress, approved August
3,1861, he be wholly retired from thescrvice with one
year s pay and allowances, and that his name be
henceforward omitted from the Army Register.
A board of examination havingfound Brevet Col-
onel W.M. Kilgouy, captain forty-first United States
infantry, 1 incapacitated for activo service, and that
said incapacity is the result of a gunshot wound
received at the battle of Perry ville, Kentucky. Octo-
ber 8,1862, and that said incapacity existed before
he was commissioned in the Army, July 28, 1801),'
the President directs tha.fc in accordance with section
seventeen of the act of Congress approved August 3,
1861, he be wholly retired from the service With one
year's pay and allowances, and that his name bo
henceforward omitted from the Army Register."
Mr. GARFIELD. In the first case the
officer having been found by the retiring board
totally incapacitated, not in consequence of
meritorious and long service, but of long con-
tinued dissipation, having become a confirmed
" dipso-maniac," having had the delirium
tremens, he was, by the operation of the law,
dropped from the rolls of the Army, with one
year's pay and allowances. That was accord-
ing to the law ; but here was another who was
found to be totally incapacitated in conse-
quence of a wound received while an officer of
volunteers, at the battle of Perryville, at that
time not in the regular Army, but in the vol-
unteer service, but transferred to the regular
Army some months subsequent, but in which
he served faithfully until his wounds grew
worse—this man, incapacitated by his wounds,
was retired upon the same terms as the "dipso-
maniac"—dropped from the rolls with one
year's pay and allowances, whereas if he had
been in the regular Army when he received the
shot he would have been retired on half pay
for life. Such a decision makes a wound in
battle no more meritorious in a volunteer than
delirium tremens in a regular. Precisely that
kind of decision is being made perpetually by
the board of retirement, notwithstanding it has
again and again been declared in the law that
in all matters of pay, emolument, and allow-
ances, there shall be no distinction whatever
between a volunteer and a regular officer. I
yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As a
matter cognate to this discussion I wish to call
the attention of the chairman of the committee
to the language of the first section, which
requires that a wound should be "incurred or
received in the line of his duty as a commis-
sioned officer in the volunteer service'' in order
that he may be retired as an officer in the reg-
ular Army. Now, if that remains in, if a pri-
vate soldier got a wound in the course of his
duty and became incapacitated from it, he can-
not be retired as an officer.
Mr. GARFIELD. The committee have
simply followed the law as it now stands. We
did not design to enlarge the scope of its
action; but if the House chooses to amend
that provision I shall have no objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
it will be so amended.
. Mr. GARFIELD. Make the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out the words "as a commissioned
officer," so as to allow a private who was in-
capacitated while a private and for gallantry
and courage has been made an officer, to be
retired.
Mr. PaINE. I suggest an amendment,
which will probably accomplish the same object
and be less objectionable, to strike out the
word "commissioned" and add the words,
"or enlisted man."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That will
be just the same thing. It will then read " as
an officer or enlisted man." That will accom-
plish the purpose exactly.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will personally accept
the amendment. I cannot do it on behalf of
the committee, but I presume they will have
no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will yield for a question
to my colleague.
Mr. MUNGEN. I observe that the first
clause of the first section reads:
That any officer of the Army who has been or who
may hereafter be retired from active service under
existing laws, and whoso disability shall have been
occasioned by sickness, injuries, or wounds incurred
or received in the line of his duty as a commissioned
officer in the volunteer service of the United States
at any time since the 19th dayof April, 1861, and pre-
vious to his appointment as an officer of the regular
Army, &e.
Now, I have a friend who is on the retired
list, General Walker, of Ohio, who was a cap-
tain in the twelfth regulars, and held a com-
mission as such before he was appointed colonel
of the thirty-first Ohio volunteers. At the
battle of Chiekamauga, I believe, he was se-
verely injured by a shell, and has been unable
since to do even office business as a lawyer.
Now, does not this bill cut off that officer from
any benefit whatever?
Mr. GARFIELD. He was in the regular
Army at the time he was disabled.
Mr. MUNGEN. Does not this bill prohibit
lnm from the benefits of the bill ?
Mr. GARFIELD. Not at all. Those offi-
cers of the regular Army, who were also officers
of volunteers when they received their dis-
abilities, can now by law be placed on the retired
list. I know the officer to whom the gentle-
man refers. I entirely concur with what he
says, and will do anything in my power to assist
his friend.
Mr. MUNGEN. If the bill does not inter-
fere with that case and other similar cases I
have nothing further to say.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
yield to me two minutes?
Mr. GARFIELD. I will.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say that
it seems to me this is a very expensive method
of protecting a wounded and disabled officer.
If he is wounded in the service and is fortunate
etiough to get an appointment in the Army the
next day he is retired on half pay, as a captain,
if he is appointed captain. He is retired, say,
oil $150 a month. Another man wounded
equally badly by his side, but not so fortunate
as to get an appointment in the Army, is retired
on a pension of twenty dollars a month. It
seems to me either that we ought not to open
the door to enlarge the retired list of the Army,
or else that we ought to raise the pensions of
our officers to the retired pay of the rank that
they hold. There is a manifest impropriety
and injustice in this thing. A man is killed
outright and leaves a large family. His widow
gets a pension of twenty, twenty-five, or thirty
dollars a month, which is the highest she can
get, even if her husband was a major general.
A man who was wounded subsequently and
appointed a major general is next day retired
on $200 a month. Now, that is not fair; it is
not just. 1 suppose my two minutes have ex-
pired. I am opposed to opening the door to
enlarging the retired list of the Army. If a man
has worn himself out in the service and grown
old, then I am willing to retire him and lethina
go down gently to his grave.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say, in re-
sponse to my friend from Illinois, that if we
were now proposing new legislation on the
subject his argument would be entirely ger-
mane, and perhaps I might agree with him.
But we do not in this bill enlarge the law at all,
except to abolish the distinction between volun-
teersand the offieersof the regular Army. That
is all; and the second section provides that in
eases of such injustice as the one that I had
read at the desk, the action of the board shall
bo reversed, and such persons shall be retired
in accordance with the provisions of this law.
Now, I hope that is an answer to the gentleman,
becaqse I would not be willing at this time to
enlarge the scope of the law on that subject.
But I refer the gentleman again to the fact that
but seven per cent, of the officers of the Army
can under the existing law be retired. I ask
the previous question.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like the gentleman
to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will do so.
