1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
friend from Michigan—I have my finger on his
words in the Globe—that this eastern division
and this Union Pacific division and this central
branch division were all of them branches of
the main stem having independent rights to go
west of the one hundredth meridian to connect.
It was also stated that these two companies,
the eastern division and central branch, were
originally grants by the Kansas Legislature,
that they were State companies, and therefore
it was argued,and it had greatforce on my mind,
that all the Government of the United States
had done was a mere bounty to these State
companies, and hence it might, so far as its own
bounty was concerned, without anybody hav-
ing a right to complain, say to them, "Yon
may gohere," or "you may go there," be-
cause giving bounty to one company on condi-
tion that it should connect with another had no
effect (so far as the United States were con-
cerned, if it was a bounty) upon what they
might have a right to do afterward. It was of
no consequence, so far as we were concerned,
whether the central branch of the Union Pa-
cific should be enabled to connect with that line
or not except as it was determined by the char-
ters granted by the State of Kansas, so far as
their rights as between themselves were con-
cerned. If we are to be complained of in
granting a mere bounty and a bonus to encour-
age these public works, because we choose
either to withdraw the bounty or to give it upon
some other condition than that we first insisted
upon, it is certainly a new doctrine in ethics.
If, then, as I judge from the debates of 1866—•
and they give me more light than anything else,
because I was not familiar with it before—we
passed the explanatory or permissive bill of
that year, whichever you please to call it, upon
the recommendation of my friend from Michi-
gan and of "his committee, who were then acting
in view of all these circumstances, when the
rights of this very corporation, as I have read
from the speech of my friend from Kansas,
were brought into question, it was determined
by the votes of all of us (1 think I was satisfied
myself and voted for that bill of 1866) that we
had a right to regulate our bounty as we
pleased-—•
Mr. POMERO Y. The Senator voted against
it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think not. Perhaps I
did ; but my recollection is that I followed the
committee. If we then determined not that
these rights preexisted, but that we only were
giving.bounty to these lines, with what grace
does it "come from the Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad, or from the Senator from Kan-
sas, having induced us to pass that bill, to
turn around and say that we thereby violated
a plighted faith with this company and are now
bound to make up bonds to them to make it
good?
Mr. POMEIIOY". Does the Senator mean
to say that I urged the passage of that bill
of 1860?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I mean to say that I
understand the Senator from Kansas to have
been satisfied with the passage of the bill, to
have withdrawn an amendment that he pro-
posed in order to have the bill acted upon
speedily and passed. I do not know how the
Senator voted in the end.
Mr. POMEIIOY. I withdrew the amend-
ment because I considered the rights of this
company not at all interferred with.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator from
Kansas mean to say that he stated to the Sen-
ate at that time that this company would be
entitled to bonds beyond one hundred miles if
the bill of I860 passed?
Mr. POMEIIOY. No; but I said at that
time in that connection that their right to build
to the Union Pacific proper, east of the one
hundredth meridian, could not be interfered
with by a departure up the Smoky Hill, be-
cause that was a vested right.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Exactly. The Senator
from Kansas puts the case as he generally does,
upon its true ground. He stated that the pas-
sage of the bill of I860 could not interfere
with the right of the Central Branch Union
Pacific railroad, if that is the name of it, to
extend itself westwardly until it should strike
the trunk line ; and he said in the samebreatli
that they were only entitled to bonds for the
first one hundred miles nevertheless, and that
was the true position to take about it; that was
the real truth about it. If you pay any atten-
tion to the laws under which these things were
done, the acts of 1862 and 1864, the Central
Branch Union Pacific, had a right independ-
ent of the eastern division entirely, no matter
where the eastern division went, to extend
itself westward to the one hundredth meridian.
But in connection with that, as the Senator
from Kansas as truly said in 1806, on this very
floor, it had no right under any circumstances,
as tho.. law explicitly stated, to any subsidy in
money beyond the first one hundred miles of
its road.
Acting upon that state of the question the
Senate thought fit to pass the bill of 1800.
Now, I say it surprises me, honestly and siu-
cerely surprises me, to see the position taken
by my friend from Michigan upon this case
now as compared with the position upon which
we acted in 1806.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator does not
intend to misrepresent me, I know.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly not.
Mr. POME ROY. The Senator will recol-
lect that the bill was up two or three times,
and he quotes correctly what I said at one
time. I said that by making the connection
the central branch had a right to bonds only
for the distance of one hundred miles. 1 then,
with my eye upon this statute to which I have
referred to-day, said that in no event could the
rights of tliis company be interfered with, be-
cause they had vested. It had a right to connect
with the Union Pacific, and if the eastern divis-
ion went up the Smoky Hill this company would
have the right still to go on and run to the line
of the Union Pacific.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is perfectly correct.
My friend states it now exactly as be did then,
except that he omits to state now, as he did
state then—I use his very language: "The
law says they shall have lands and bonds for
only one hundred miles," speaking of this
very road.
Mr. POMER,OY. That is true, if they made
the connection there.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Butat that time the very
point was the right of this company to extend
itself beyond tho one hundredth meridian
wherever it might bo necessary to connect
with the main stem ; and thai is the misfortune
of the position of my friend from Kansas and
my friend from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. Will tho Senator from Ver-
mont allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the greatest pleas-
ure. I am only desirous to be correct.
Mr. HOWARD. Of course I had no inten-
tion to reflect upon the Senate in the language
which I used. I spoke in reference to the law
as it is administered by the Secretary of the
Interior. He holds that under the legislation
of 1800 the central branch has not the right
to proceed westwardly to construct its road to
the one hundredth meridian.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where is the evidence
of that? Is there any such written report?
Mr. HOWARD. Does the Senator ask me
whether I have a written report to that effect?
I can only refer him to the annual report of
the Secretary of the Interior, in which he very
distinctly states that he has so decided. That
was a decision which neither the Senator from
Vermont nor myself nor the company nor any
person could prevent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is not that only in rela-
tion to the money ?
Mr. HOWARD. It involves the whole
question necessarily. It is sufficient for me to
know as a Senator that a company cannot
obtain the benefit promised to them, as 1 think,
by the legislation of Congress without a new
statute. Whether he is right or wrong I shall
not undertake to say: but I will add this: that
when this question was before me in i860 I
did suppose that the branches would have the
same right which had before been granted in
favor of the eastern division ; but we' wer'e
proceeding in rather a hurried manner. It
was near the close of the session, «and the
question probably did not receive as careful
consideration and discussion as it was enti-
tled to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Michigan whether, at the time the bill
of 1860 was passed allowing the southern road
to take a southwestern departure instead of
going up to the northern road, he in advocat-
ing the passage of that bill suggested to the
Senate, or did he at tho time thiuk, that that
would give this particular company a right to
these additional bonds?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know what I may
have said in discussion on that occasion ; but
my opinion was—whether it was announced
or no I do not know—that it would give them
that right; in short, that it preserved all the
rights of the branches as they were enacted in
the charter. That opinion seems to differ from
that of the Secretary of the Interior,.whose duty
it was to administer the law.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask a ques-
tion of the Senator from Vermont, who, I be-
lieve, is entitled lo the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly. _
Mr. RAMSEY. My question is whether the
Senator will give way to a motion to adjourn?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not so much in-
terested in the question before the Senate as
to refuse to yield to that request.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before such a motion
is made I should like to put a question to my
friend from Michigan.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. T will yield
to the Senator from Maine, and afterward to
the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to know, for
information, whether the fifth section of the act
of 1804, which was an amendment to the act of
1802, does not give these roads the right to
change their location; that is, does it not ex-
tend the time for one year to them to make
their locations and file their plats?
Mr. HOWARD. 1 suppose the honorable
Senator can answer that question as well as I.
I do not at this instant recollect in regard to
that point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that is
what that section did. If that be the ease did
the act of 1806 do anything more than still
further extend that time?
Mr. HOWARD. I think it did, for this
reason : that it allowed tho eastern division to
diverge off in the direction of Denver.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It did not say anything
about that, I believe.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; it speaks of Den-
ver. It allowed that company to make con-
nection with the main trunk at any point not
further than fifty miles west from the meridian
of Denver.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The law of 1804 ex-
tends for a year the lime for making the loca-
tion and filing the map ; and then the law of
1800 says that the time may be still further ex-
tended for filing the map, and puts in a pro-
viso that it shall not give them the right to go
beyond fifty miles west of a certain point; that
is all it does. Now, what I want to ask, is
whether, when that law of J804 was passed,
giving an extension of time, thus to make
their location and file their map, the Ccntial
Branch Pacific railroad made any objection to
it? I want to know what there was particu-
larly new in regard to that road in the law of
1860, the other being merely an extension of
time.
Mr. HOWARD. Here is the act of 1864,
which the Senatar from Maine can examine if
he wishes to do so.
MESSAGE FROM TUB IIOCSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiisitsoy, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
