3948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
Mr. LOGAN. I have not, I confess, ex-
amined this bill as carefully as I perhaps should
have done, but I would like to know of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
whether, under the present law, it is not at the
option of the Secretary of War to retire seven
per cent, of the officers of the Army without
their being wounded?
Mr. GARFIELD. I will answer the gentle-
man that that is not the law. An officer who
has been in the service forty-five years he may
retire at his option, but those persons who are
sick or disabled he may order before a board,
and on the recommendation of that board he
may retire them. Other persons voluntarily,
at their own request, may be allowed to go
before a board. There are now three ways by
which an officer may be retired by law, first by
the order of the President when the officer has
been forty-five years in the service, and then in
the two ways I have mentioned.
Mr. LOGAN. Of course that answers
satisfactorily in reference to that question ;
but it seems to me that, as stated by my
colleague, [Mr. Farnsworth,] unless there
is some restriction placed on this section, it is
rather an expensive manner or mode of pen-
sioning a great many men who are now in the
Army. I would suggest to the chairman for his
consideration whether it would not be better
to amend this section so as to provide that no
officer shall be retired from the service of the
United States unless by his own consent or
who may be competent to perforin duty. I
desire to see this bill pass because I wish to
see a change effected that will place men who
have not heretofore been in the regular Army
upon the same footing as those who have been
in the regular Army. But there are a great
many officers in the Army now who do not
desire retirement, but under the manipulations
that might be brought to bear by boards, in-
justice might be done them, such as we know
has been done and as the very paragraph which
has been read at the desk shows is done.
Hence I desire to see the law changed and
perfected in that particular. I do not desire
to see men driven from the service and placed
on the pension-roll against their will in order
merely to make places for sombody else.
There are a great many meritorious men now
in the Army who have received wounds, and
perhaps would not be as well qualified for
severe service as tnen of perfect health. Yet
they are well qualified to perform many of the
duties that are incumbent upon commissioned
officers in the Army. Now, if these men may
be retired, under this bill, by the mere edict
of the Secretary of War or by the report of a
commission they may be made to give place
to others who may desire to have their places.
Ilence I suggest that this section be amended
by providing that no officer shall be retired
against his will who is competent to perform
services in the Army.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would not object to
that if it was not the law now, except as to
officers over forty-five years of age.
Mr. LOGAN. I think it better to amend
the first section of this bill by adding to it:
Provided, That no officer shall be retired against
his will who may be competent to perform service in
the Army.
Mr. GARFIELD. Very well; I will allow
the amendment to be offered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and- also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
bills of the following titles ; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 238) granting a pension to
Carrie E. Burdett;
An act (S. No. 282) granting a pension to
Annie E. Dixon;
An act (S. No. 291) granting a pension to
Ann Kelly, widow of Bernard Kelly;
An act (S. No. 292) granting a pension to
Maria Raftery;
An act (S. No. 321) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary Gaither, widow of Wiley Gaither, de-
ceased ;
An act (S. No. 332) granting a pension to
John W. Harris ;
An act (S. No. 333) for the relief of Julia
M. Molin;
An act (S. No. 342) granting a pension to
Thomas Stewart;
An act (S. No. 859) granting a pension to
Louisa Fitch, widow of E. P. Fitch, deceased ;
An act (S. No. 381) granting a pension to
Edward Hamel, minor child of Edward Hamel,
deceased;
An act (S. No. 427) for the relief of the
widow and children of John W. Janeson,
deceased;
An act (S. No. 434) for the relief of Eliza-
beth Barker, widow of Alexander Barker,
deceased;
An act (S. No. 454) for the relief of Samuel
N. Miller:
An act (S. No. 46G) for the relief of Syl-
vester Nugent;
An act (S. No. 494) granting a pension to
Elizabeth Steepleton, widow of Harrison \V.
Steepleton, deceased ; and
An act (S. No. 498) granting a pension to
Anna M. Howard.
military pkacl establishment.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back House bill No.
1377, to reduce and fix the military peace
establishment.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to offer some
amendments to this bill; and first I will move
to amend the eighth section.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will that preclude
amendments to previous sections of this bill?
The SPEAKER. It will not; but the Chair
would suggest that unless the amendments of the
committee are such as will give rise to debate
they better be acted upon first and incorporated
in the bill.
Mr. PAINE. I know that some members
of the House propose to offer amendments to
this bill, which will, if adopted, be substitutes
for, or come in conflict with, the amendments
to be proposed by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] on behalf of the Committee on
Military Affairs. Therefore I think it would be
much better to have this bill read by sections
for amendment, and the committee's amend-
ments can then be offered.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Ohio better report back this bill with these
amendments incorporated in the text of the
bill, so that they may be open to amendment
like other portions of the text.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will ask that the amend-
ments be read.
The amendments were read as follows :
Add to the seventh section the following:
Provided further. That if, in the opinion of the
Secretary of War, it is necessary for the continuance
of garrisons at important forts and arsenals, and the
protection of our Indian frontiers, to retain all or
any portion of the artillery and cavalry force author-
ized to bo mustered out of service or relieved on half
pay by this act, it shall be lawful for him to do so
until the further action of Congress.
Amend the eighth section by adding: to it the fol-
lowing:
Ana provided, Thatnot moro than one third of the
officers of each grade in the regiments known as the
Veteran Reserve corps, nor more than one third of the
officers belonging to the regiments of colored troops,
shall be placed on the list of officers to be relieved
from duty under tho provisions of this section : but
upon application of any officer whoso rank would
retain him in active service the Secretary of War
may place such officer upon the list m lieu of the
officer oldest in commission of tho same grade who
would otherwise be placed on said list under the
provisions of this act.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I rise to a
question of order. I desire to inquire whether
the gentleman from Ohio presents this last
amendment as coming from the Committee on
Military Affairs?
Mr. GARFIELD. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. When was
it considered by the committee ?
Mr. GARFIELD. If my colleague insists
on his point of order, I will say that all the
amendments I am now offering, save one, were
considered and acted on by the committee,
and as to that one I have obtained from all
the member? of the committee with whom I
have had an opportunity to consult consent to
report it. It has happened unfortunately that
I have had no opportunity to consult with the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. It happens,
also, that the gentleman lyis not consulted a
quorum of the committee.
Mr. GARFIELD. I trust that the explana-
tion I have made will be a sufficient apology to
the gentleman ; if not, I will withdraw the
amendment.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Indiana makes the point of order that this
amendment has not been agreed on by the
committee, and if the gentleman from Ohio
states that it has not been, then the amend-
ment must be withdrawn.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have obtained the con-
sent of every member of the committee whom
I have been able to see ; but as I understand
my colleague on the committee to insist upon
his point of order, I withdraw the amend-
ment. I will not ask the reading of further
amendments which I was about to present. In
order to facilitate and hasten the consideration
of the bill, 1 will waive any general remarks
on my part, and will ask that the bill be con-
sidered in the House section by section, as m
Committee of tho Whole, under the five-minute
rule.
The SPEAKER. That course will be
adopted if there be no objection.
There was no objection.
The first section was read as follows:
Beit enacted by the Senate anrf House of Keprenenta-
tiveq of the United States of America-in Congress assem-
bled, That the office of General of the Army shall be
continued until a vacancy shall occur in the same,
and no longer; and on the occurrence of a vacancy
all laws ana parts of laws creating or regulating said
office shall ceaso and determine.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
by striking out all of this section after the en-
acting clause. I am in favor of the reduction
of the Army ; yet I am also in favor of pre-
serving the harmony of its organization. I do
not see why we should not continue the office
of general as well as that of major; and par-
ticularly is it unadvisable to discontinue this
office while we have so many distinguished sol-
diers who have rendered eminentservice to the
country during the late rebellion. Besides,
there are laws imposing duties upon the Gen-
eral of the Army ; and this section contains no
provision imposing those dutiesupon any other
officer. I am in favor of preservingthe present
organization of the Army. I desire this section
stricken out, so that if there should be, by any
soon-coming event, a vacancy in the office of
General of the Army, the Lieutenant General
may succeed to the position, some other worthy
officer taking the place of the present Lieuten-
ant General. I therefore hope this section,
unless there be some good reason for preserv-
ing it, will be stricken out.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, the reason
for introducing this section was,first and chiefly,
to reduce the Army, to make that reduction
effective and possible, and at the same time
to save as far as possible the rights, honor,
and dignity of every officer in the Army. If
they had begun at the bottom and reduced it
only among the lower officers they would be
