2924
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
loss in consequence of the increase of labor
and materials to be referred to the Court of
Claims. This bill simply singles out those cases
where loss was occasioned by the action of the ;
Governmentasascertained.by this commission.
The cases are distinct and separate entirely.
The Committee on Naval Affairs had this mat-
ter under careful consideration, and reported
this bill to cover the cases reported by the
board, and 'reported another bill covering the
other class of cases where the increased cost was
occasioned .by the increase of labor and mate-
rials, referring them to the Court of Claims;
but where the cost to the contractors was in-
creased by the direct action of the Government,
as in all the eases embraced in this bill, the
committee say these men ought to be paid;
and when they are paid they lose millions and
millions of dollars.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to inquire
whether this bill as now reported requires this
money to be paid as per the report made by
the commission, or has any reference to that
report? If not, why cannot these persons apply
this money upon the whole claims, claiming
that it is paid upon any other work they may
have done?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator if
the insertion of this language would be agree-
able to him; "which shall be in full of all
claims upon the vessels on which the board
made the allowance under the act of March 2,
1807."
Mr. CORBETT. Do I understand that this
is a report of a board of naval officers, or the
report of the Committee on Naval Affairs?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The report of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs is based on tlie report
of the board. This bill is simply to carry out
the report of the board.
Mr. CORBETT. If it is the report of the
board, it is satisfactory. If the report of the
committee is substantially the same as that of
the board of naval officers, it is satisfactory.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is just the same.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
this case is a very simple one. I want to say
a word, as the two subjects are connected. This
bill of the Senator from Indiana certainly
ought to pass ; and the other bill which has
been talked of, to refer this whole subject again
to the Court of Claims, I certainly think ought
not to pass. The act of 18C7 provided that
there should be a commission appointed who
should examine all these claims on this basis ;
that they should pay whatever was the additional
cost from changes made by the Government; that
they should pay for all additional expense in
consequence of delays occasioned by the Gov-
ernment and the advance of labor and mate-
rials during those delays which the contractors
could not avoid by any prudence. That was
referred to this commission. The contract
price for these vessels was 314,000,000. The
contractors claimed as additional $10,000,000 ;
the Department allowed them $5,000,000, so
that the contractors claimed §5,000,000 more.
That was referred to this board. They exam-
ined the whole subject, and they have reported
about one hundred and fifty-eight thousand
dolhirs to be due, which this bill provides for.
Now it is proposed to have the claims which
were before the commission referred to the
Court of Claims, where the commission allowed
nothing. There is no propriety in that. There
is not the slightest evidence before the Naval
Committee that that commission's report was
not a just and correct report; and if Congress
is going to refer cases over and over again,
until they can get a report against the Govern-
ment, they will be gratified. And more than
that, if this subject ever is investigated again,
it ought not to be brought before the Court of
Claims, because all these contractors of course
have their witnesses, while the Government
will not be prepared to meet them at all. If
there is to be a reinvestigation it ought to be
before another commission, who are not tied
down by the strict rules which regulate a court, j
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I would ask j
the honorable Senator from Indiana to oblige-1
me so much as to allow this bill to go oyer
until to-raorro>v. Not expecting it to come up
this morning I did not bring the papers and
documents that I had connected with it. I do
not wish to interpose any opposition to the bill
that would look at all like interfering with the
passage of a bill which is right in itself. 1
merely wish time to examine the matter. If
the honorable Senator would allow the bill to
go over until to-morrow I think it might be
disposed of then.
Mr. ANTHONY". If this bill is to go over,
or if it is not to go over, I do riot wish to allow
it to pass from the Senate without expressing,
as one of the Committee of Naval Affairs, my
opinion that the refusal to pass this bill is work-
ing a very shameful injustice. This subject
has been fully investigated by the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and I believe the bill has
received the assent of every member of that
committee ; and now we are asked to put it
over because some other people who have as
good claims upon the Government are not con-
nected in the same bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not ask it on that ground,
I will say to the honorable Senator.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understood the Senator
to make that objection.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not ask the postpone-
ment of it until to-morrow on that ground. I
simply ask that 1 may have one day to reex-
amine the matter, and I shall certainly make
no objection to its coming up to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. I misunderstood the Sen-
ator greatly if 1 did not understand him to
object to this bill because other people who
had as good claims were not included.
Mr. DRAKE. I did; but I do not urge
that as the ground for my asking the postpone-
ment of it until to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. If we are never to pay
one creditor of the Government until we can
get a bill to pay all the others I do not think
we shall render justice to our citizens. There
are a great many people who seem to think
that a contractor with the Government must
necessarily come here to cheat the Govern-
ment. I never saw these men except such of
them as appeared before the committee, and
saw them only there ; none of them have been
before me or written to me except to make
communications in regard to their claims which
were laid before the committee, as they had a
perfect right to do; and no class of persons
ever appeared before me with any claims upon
the Government that made a better impression,
and hardly any class ever made so good an
impression as these men. I think their claim
is manifestly just; and I am quite sure, if every
member of the Senate had an opportunity to
examine it as the Committee on Naval Affairs
have examined it, the bill would pass the Sen-
ate unanimously.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The circumstances of
these contractors are pretty well known to
Congress ; and I have always felt that it was a
shame to Congress that they should allow
these men, who constructed the Navy that
accomplished so much during the war, to be
broken up. I do not feel that they ought to
lose one dollar. Every Senator knows that
while they were constructing these vessels
materials and labor advanced so upon their
hands that it was utterly impossible for them
to construct the vessels within the provisions
of the contracts. I feel that there are very
many of the contractors not provided for in this
bill and not provided for by the report of the
board who ought to be provided lor; but a
board appointed under the law of Congress
that has made a very limited and a very eco-
nomical report has furnished to the Committee
on Naval Affairs the basis of this bill. \Y e
have not gone a dollar beyond that. \\ e have
taken just what they reported under this care-
fully worded law of the 2d of March. 1807,
which only provided that they should be paid
where the delay and the increased cost were
occasioned by the Government in changing
the plans and specifications of the work as it
went on. Is any Senator willing to allow men
to lose money'under: such circumstances?
Is there any Senator^tiere who would employ
a carpenter to build's house for him, and after
that carpenter had laid the foundations and
had made the framework of the building he
should go and order a change of the work, and
who would then in court say to the contractor,
" You shall stand by your contract, and Twill
not pay you for the increased cost of this work
caused by the change that I myself ordered?"
This is the basis of the relief that is provided
for in this bill. It is a relief so palpable to my
mind that it seems to me to be a public wrong
to refuse it or to delay it. The Senator from
Missouri was upon the committee; he partici-
pated in the discussions in that body, and I
think it is rather hard now after this bill has
been delayed iso long, in part by the sickness
of the chairman of the committee who reported
it, that the Senator should now ask this delay.
I am ready to aid him in giving all-proper
relief to the other contractors. I do not occupy
the ground stated by the Senator from New
Jersey; I am willing to give the other contract-
ors some relief; but the board has not reported
in their favor. The board has reported in a
most careful report—careful, I mean, in guard-
ing the Government, careful in cutting off all
possible allowance that might be based upon
any principle except that mentioned in the
law—in favor of the parties provided for in
this bill. Therefore I think the bill ought to
pass at once.
These men have sustained very heavy losses.
It is known to every member of the committee
that, instead of being a couple of hundred
thousand dollars, their losses are certainly
beyond two million dollars. I have no doubt
of it. Another board made a report, and I
will say to the Senator from Missouri that the
first board made a report upon very different
principles; that board was allowed to report
all losses without reference to the causes of the
loss; but under the act of 18G7 this board was
allowed to report only such losses as were occa-
sioned by the act of the Government in making
a change in the plan and specification after
the work was commenced—just as contracted
in the allowance as it is possible to be; and I
feel ashamed that we shall delay these men
longer. It is a heavy thing to carry in the
banks at interest all the time a loss of this
amount. One contractor came before the com-
mittee for whom we provided in the last Con-
gress, and who was imprisoned in the city of
Boston because of the debt that he contracted
in constructing a vessel which fought at Fort
Fisher and which fought at Charleston, and I
felt that the whole nation was disgraced when
that man was imprisoned for such a debt as
that. Now, to see enterprising and useful cit-
izens, men whose enterprise adds so much to
the respectability and wealth of the country,
embarrassed because they abandoned private
enterprises and the construction of vessels upon
private account to build them for the Govern-
ment, is not just. Do Senatois know the fact
that in all the Government work-shops I believe
not one single ship was finished which (ought
the enemy, that all the fighting was done by
vessels constructed by these private contract-
ors? And ai-e Senators willing to delay, ate
Senators willing to refuse them this pay which
is based only upon the act of the Government
itself?
The Senator from New Jersey is somewhat
mistaken as to the amount involved in the bill.
The amendment of the chairman of the com-
mittee carried it up to about two hundred thou-
sand dollars, or, perhaps, a liule above that.
i Ihe allowance, in my judgment, is nut more
than one fourth of what it ought to be; byt it
j is based upon the report which is provided for
]l in the act of 1807. That bill was carefully
h guarded after consultation between the naval
j: committee and the Committeeof Claims of the
11 other House. Every point was considered and
!! everything provided that would secure the
ij rights of the Government in every possible way,
:l as we thought; and now that a report has beetf*
li made, after a year's delay and more, thisallow-
