1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3949
justly chargeable with unfairness; but they
have reduced it throughout.
There is another consideration.. The offices
of General and Lieutenant General of the Army
were never known in this country, except in
two instances, before. The office was created for
General Washington. The office of Lieutenant
General was subsequently revived for General
Scott. In both instances they were personal, and
intended as personal decorations for citizens of
the United States who had performed great and
distinguished services for the country. For
precisely similar reasons they were recently
revived to decorate two eminent citizens who
have rendered great and distinguished services
to the nation, and it is thought the same custom
should prevail henceforward, and when the
offices are vacated by the persons for whom
they were intended, they should cease and
determine, leaving the whole subject to the ac-
tion of Congress when it may see fit to revive
the offices for similar services to the country.
There is still another consideration which had
great weight with the committee. We did not
feel it safe to allow the present Executive to fill
the vacancy as he might choose to fill it. Who
knows the person he might select as the suc-
cessor of either of the two great captains who
now fill the offices? This was of great and
paramount weight with the committee. We
did not think it safe or proper to leave such
a power with the present President of the Uni-
ted States. We therefore thought it best to
follow the custom which has prevailed hitherto,
and leave the office to cease and determine
with its present holder. I trust we shall have
the hearty approval of the House for this
legislation.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to insert after the
lastword "andthe duties thereof shall devolve
upon the officer next in rank."
Mr WILSON, of Iowa. That will not effect
the result. It will still provide that all laws
or parts of laws regulating said office shall cease
and determine.
Mr. LOGAN. I move, then, to strike
out "or regulating;" so it will then read,
with the words added which I have indicated,
as follows:
The office of the General of the Army shall be con-
tinued until a vacancy shall occur in the same, and
no longer; and on the occurrence of a vacancy all
laws and parts of laws creating said office shall cease
and determine, and the duties thereof shall devolve
upon the officer next in rank.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to amend the sec-
tion, and it will necessitate the striking out of
the amendment just adopted. I move to insert
the word "dis" before "continued," and to
strike out so it will read :
The office of General of the Army shall he dis-
continued, and all laws or parts of laws creating or
regulating said office shall cease and determine.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I should not have pro-
posed this amendment or any amendment to
this bill but for the remarks made by the dis-
tinguished chairman of the committee. He
has announced to this House and the country
it is the object of the committee to reduce the
Army and to reduce the expense of the mili-
tary establishment, but he has carefully avoided
in this bill the turning out of a single soul who
wears shoulder-straps. In consequence of
this fact I doubt the sincerity of it. I wish to
test the sincerity of the committee, and I shall
continue to test it all through this bill, pro-
viding in the next section for the abolition of
the office of Lieutenant General, and in the
following section reducing the major gen-
erals to four, and in the subsequent section the
'number of brigadier generals to eight. If the
committee is in earnest, if it is their sincere
desire to reduce the military force and save the
Treasury of the country and the tax-payer,
what is to prevent this reduction at the present
time?
What great service is the General of the
Army rendering to this country at the present
time? When he was acting as Secretary of
War ad interim the country went on as smoothly
as it is going to-day, when he is traveling with
his family on leave. The General of the Army
issued not a single order by virtue of his office
as such for three or four months, and yet the
country was safe.
What is the Lieutenant General of the Army
doing by virtue of his office? Not one thing
that could not he done as well without the
office. Now, as to the General and the Lieu-
tenant General of the Army, I certainly have
no attack to make upon those distinguished
individuals. But I do attack the offices that
were created to reward them for the distin-
guished services they have rendered to the
country. They should have been paid in some
other way, not by giving them these offices,
which, if gentlemen crawl on their bellies be-
fore the men who achieve such positions, will
in the end, as I remarked, destroy the liberties
of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to oppose the
amendment, and ask for a vote.
The amendment of Mr. Johxson was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Wilson, of Illinois, to strike out all of the
first section except the enacting clause; and it
was disagreed to.
The Cleric read as follows :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the office of
Lieutenant General of the Army shall be continued
until a vacancy shall occur in the same, and no longer ;
and on the occurrence of such vaeancy, all laws and
parts of laws creating or regulating said offieo shall
cease and determine.
Mr. ALLISON. The same amendment that
was made to the first section should apply to
this. Strike out the words " or regulating"
and add at the end '' and the duties thereof
shall devolve on the officer next in rank."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I propose an amendment
to this section for the same reason that I pro-
posed it to the other section. I move to add
the syllable "dis" before "continued;" to
strike out all thereafter down to and including
the word "vacancy;" and to insert before
the word " all" the word " and ;" and to strike
out the words just, added at the end of the sec-
tion ; so that it will x-ead :
That the office of Lieutenant General of tho Army
shall bo discontinued, and all laws and parts of laws
creating said office shall cease and dotermmo.
That will legislate the Lieutenant General
out of office immediately, and let him enjoy his
rural comfort with General Grant on his farm.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no brevet
appointment of General or Lieutenant General shall
be made after the passage of this act.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out the words "of General or Lieu-
tenant General," so that it will read, "that no
brevet appointment shall be made after the
passage of this act.1' Brevet appointments are
for meritorious services in battle or in great
emergencies during war. They do not belong
to a peace establishment of an army. They
are now so thick that the only distinction is that
a man has never had a brevet.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest to add
the words "except in time of war."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
content with that.
Mr. PIKE. I suggest another amendment—
"for services in war."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no.
Mr. GARFIELD. I suggest in opposition
to the amendment—though 1 do not very much
oppose it, but quite agree in the general with
what the gentleman has said—-that in the bill
in relation to the rules and articles of War
which passed the Senate last night, and which
we hope to be able to pass before this session
ends, it is provided that no brevet shall be
conferred except in time of war and for one
year thereafter, and then only in consequence
of special meritorious services during the war.
It seemed to the committee that it would be
wiser to make that standing provision, which
would cover them bot.lv in peace and in war,
and would be better than to say absolutely that
there shall be no brevets.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. When
that comes in it will repeal this, and it will be
all right..
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words "except in
timeofwar." I understand the rule to benow
at the War Department that brevet appoint-
ments in worthy cases are given so that the
brevet rank may run as high as the actual rank
in the field; that is, where an officer was a
brigadier general and was subsequently ap-
pointed a major or captain in the regular Army
he may have a brevet as high as brigadier gen-
eral. It is a satisfactory recognition of very
many worthy officers now in the Army.
Mr. LOGAN. Many of them have not
smelled gunpowder.
Mr. PIKE. Many of them have. I know
of one case in which I applied the other day,
a very worthy case, and I know of several othe'r
instances. And it seems to me very ungracious
for us to refuse such a very simple recognition
as this of the value of services rendered dur-
ing the war.
Mr. LOGAN. If you will make it "for
services in thefrontof the enemy," I willhave
no objection.
Mr. PIKE. I will change my amendment,
and move to insert the words "for gallant and
distinguished services in presence of the en-
emy."
Mr. GARFIELD. I will ask both gentle-
men to accept in lieu of their amendments tho
amendment which I send to the desk, which
has been carefully prepared as one of the Rules
and Articles of War.
The Clerk read as follows:
Commissions by brevot shall only bo conferred in
timo of war or within one year thereafter, and for
distinguished conduct and important services in
presence of the enemy, which shall bear date from
the particular action or service for which the officer
was breveted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I accept
that.
Mr. PIKE. I do not like the word " import-
ant." I suggest the words " distinguished and
meritorious."
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no objection to
that modification.
Mr. WILSON; of Iowa. I would like to
know if the service rendered by the person to
whom the gentleman from Maine referred was
not " important?"
Mr. PIKE. It was. He is now a colonel in
the regular Army, and he could not have got
that position unless he had rendered important
services.
Mr. Gakfield's amendment, as modified,
was agreed to.
The Clerk then read the fourth section, as
follows:
Sec. 4. And be it .further enacted. That no vacancies
shall hereafter be filled in theoffioeof major general
until the number of major generals sha>l be less than
four, and thereafter there shall be but lour major
generals.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out all after the enacting words of that
section, and to insertin lieu thereof what I send
to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
There shall hereafter bo "but three major generals,
and the officers who shall retain their positions as
such shall be designated by the General of the Army
without regard to seniority, and all others shall bo
mustered out of service within sixty days after tho
passage of this act.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The rea-
son, Mr, Speaker, why I oiFor that amendment
is this: before the war we had but one major
general in the United States Army; that was
Major General Scott, by brevet Lieutenant Gen-
eral ; then we had General Wool, who was
brevet major general ; and between the two
they governed an army of seventeen thousand
men, andgoverned it very tolerably well. Then
came the war, and now we have a General, a
Lieutenant General, and five major generals,
and we have seven general headcmarters in
