1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
the performance of our duties which require
us by proper legislation to secure fhe fruits of
the victories won by our gallant soldiers? This
can only be done by abolishing ha those States
all organizations that are contaminated by rebel"
influence and organizing others on an exclu-
sively loyal basis.
And just here I wish to call attention to a
cardinal principle that has hitherto been over-
looked in all efforts at reconstruction, and that
is that no reconstruction can be successful
that contemplates a union in authority of
loyalists and traitors. One of the fundamental
mistakes which we hare uniformly made has
consisted in overlooking this great truth. We
have attempted to reconstruct those States
upon the idea of a union of authority between
traitors and loyal men. Such a thing is utterly
impossible. The elements of blood and treason
never can coalesce with those of peace and
loyalty. The controlling power in the recon-
structed States must be absolutely rebel or
absolutely loyal. There can be no divided
authority. Before we can succeed in any of
our measures of reconstruction we must
recognize and act upon this organic principle.
This the rebels understood at an early Jay,
and at the beginning of the war they boldly
declared that the two parties could not dwell
together in harmony. Recognizing the truth-
fulness of this proposition, we in Missouri at
ouce took measures to drive the rebels out of
the country, which we did, 8nd then reorgan-
ized the State on a loyal basis, with such guar-
antees as will forever prevent any future disturb-
ance on the part of the rebels; and it would have
been well for the Union men of Maryland and
Kentucky if they had been equally proscriptive
in their political action. They, like Congress,
were disposed to divide the political power with
the rebels, and in so doing have deprived them-
selves of all protection against rebel rule, and
are to-day the most oppressed portion of the
citizens of the United States or of any State.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
that no reconstruction can be successful that is
not based and built exclusively upon loyalty
and which does not utterly annihilate all rebel
organizations and exterminate all rebel ideas.
It must be made honorable and safe to be loyal,
and dishonorable and dangerous to be disloyal.
Acting upon this idea therfe can be no such a
thing as failure; but failing to perform this duty
here we may pass act after act leaving the
rebels in power sustained by the Executive, only
to find defeat and failure at the end.
Mr. WOOD obtained the floor. _
Mr. KERR. I desire the permission of the
gentleman from New York to suggest whether,
inasmuch as we had a very long session and a
a very laborious one yesterday, it would not,
perhaps, be as well to adjourn.
Mr. WOOD. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. KERR moved that the House adjourn,
but withdrew the motion.
test-oath.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following:
Hiadqttabtkrs Arhy of the United States,
Washington, January 14, 1868.
Sib: I hare the honor to inclose herewith a copy
of a telegram received from Major General (J. (J.
Meade, commanding the third military district.
Vary respectfully, your obedientservant,
„ _ U. S. GRANT. General.
Hon. Schuyler Co(,fax,
Speaker of the Home of Bepreimiattvet.
From Atlanta, Gkobgia, January 12.1868.
General U. S. Gkakt :
Unless the pending bill in Congress directing mil-
itary commanders to fill ajl' the offices in a State
under their command rescinds the test-oath and
provides for selection from qualified voters. I am
informed its execution in this district will be entirely
impracticable. GEO. G. MEADE,
Major General.
Mr. PILE. I move that it be printed and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest it should go to the
Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. PILE. I accept that modification, and
demand the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to inquire whether
this comes from the Secretary of War or the
General of the Army? If from the hitter, as
eeems to be the case, it is a novelty to me to
see a General in the Army communicating to
this House. How is that? I wish to have the
point settled whether it conies' from a civil
department, from the Secretary of War, orfrom
the General-in-Chief directly.
The SPEAKER. It hasbeen read, and the
House can understand it comes from the Gen-
eral of the Army.
Mr. WASHBiJRNE, of Illinois. What is
before the House for discussion ?
The SPEAKER. Nothing, as the previous
question has been called.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not wish to debate,
but only to call the attention of the House and
country to this novelty.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the paper was referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, and ordered to be
1 printed.
j. reconstruction—again.
| Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent to have printed the following amend-
ment, which I propose to offer to the pending
bill:
1 And be it farther enacted. That the several conven-
tions which have, or which may assemblo in the
States hereinbefore named, in pursuance of the act
of March 23,1867, be and they are hereby authorized
I to enfranchise such citizens of the United States resi-
' dent therein as are now disfranchised because of
I treason and rebellion who have cooperated, or who
may cooperate, with the, loyal men of the State in the
work of restoring such State to its constitutional
relations with the Government of the United States.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was ordered to be printed.
levees on the mississippi river.
Mr. LOAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. It. No. 444) to provide levees,
secure the low lands of Arkansas and Missouri
from inundation, and encourage the settlement
thereof; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Freed-
men's Affairs.
timothy lyden.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, by un-
animous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
445) for the relief of Timothy Lyden, of Par-
kersburg, West Virginia; which was • read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
eastern judicial district of new york.
Mr. STEWART, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 446) to amend
an act entitled ' 'An act to create the eastern
judicial district of the State of New York,"
approved February 25, 1865 ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
light-house at absecom ini.et.
Mr. HAIGHT, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following preamble and resolution;
which were read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas it is represented that the Government
light-house and otbor Government buildings situated
on Absecom Inlet, in the State of New Jersey, are in
danger from the rapid ingrees the sea is making at
that point, and that violent storms are fast sweeping
away the entire pointof land upon which said build-
ings have been placed, and will soon result in their
entire destruction unless some proper means of de-
fense is adopted: Therefore,
Retained, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the condition of said light-
house and other Government buildings located on
Absecom Inlet, and repoVt to this House by bill or
otherwise what legislation, if any, is needed on the
part of Congress to provide a proper mode of defense
and to pravent the destruction of said Government
property.
Mr. KERR. X now renew the motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and thereupon (at
fbur o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER; The petition of Nancy
Russell, of Cas ville, Cass county, Georgia,
asking remuneration for property destroyed by
Federal soldiers in 1864.
Also, a memorial of A. E. Cox, of La
Grange, Georgia, recommending the refunding
of cotton tax.
By Mr. AXTELL: The petition of M. Cody
and 50 others,, citizens of Monterey county,
California, praying for a mail route from San
Juan to the Piccacho quicksilver mines, in said
county, and for establishing a post office at the
latter place.
By Mr. BENTON: A memorial of Al-
pheus Hutchins, of Northumberland, New
Hampshire, a soldier of the war of 1812, for
increase of pension granted him by special act
of 1836.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: A memorial of
the officers and men of the" steamboat J. H.
Cheeseman, graying for compensation while
they were prisoners of war.
Also, a memorial from the officers and crew
of the steamboat Champion No. 3, praying for
compensation while tney were prisoners of
war.
By Mr. HARDING: Resolutions of city
council of Rock Island, Illinois, in favor of
the better protection of American citizens
abroad.
By Mr. McCORMICK: A memorial of Cap-
tain Robert Lindsay, asking back pay as recruit-
ing officer.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of Hiram
Rollins for back pension.
By Mr. POLSLEY: The petition for the
relief of John G. Cox, postmaster at Lewis-
burg, West Virginia.
By Mr. SCOl! IELD: Joint resolution of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania in favor of a ship-
canal from the Ohio river to Lake Erie, at
Erie, Pennsylvania.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana: The
petition of G. W. Brackenridge, on behalf of
citizens of San Antonio, Texas, praying that
the same be made a port of entry.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 15, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved. 1
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received and presents to the Senate a com-
munication in the nature of a memorial from
D. C. Kearns, of Mississippi, a member of the
board of registration of Jefferson county in
that State, setting forth the condition of the
people of that county and showing their pov-
erty and distress. If there be no objection it
will be read.
The paper was read, as follows:
Fayette. Jefferson County, Mississippi,
January 6,1855.
Drab Sir: I have been called upon by a large
number of planters of this county to represent to yo«
the alarming and terribly destitute condition of the
people here, both white and colored, but more espe-
cially the freedmen; and as I have already stated to
you in a former letter, I know that the Itatemenu
made to me are correct. , .
The first of this month the contracts of all the
freedmen and freedwomen expired; and owing to the
total failure of the crops they are now without no in 03,
without lands, and without a morsel of bread or
meat except what they get through chanty. Ine
planters are entirafcyunable to employ even one naif
the number they worked last year; the merchanu
cannot advance a dollar'swortb of supplies, and now
when all handashould be at work clearing th e ground
for this year's crops they are all idle, and the lands
are idle because the planters cannot get supplies.
The Government will have to do something very
shortly or we will have to establish a very large
"burying ground." This is a serious matter with all,
and for the last month or two politios in this county
has been laid aside, and all, white and black, lie-
publican and Conservative, have joined together to
devise, if possible, some speedy remedy; but all our
efforts have proved fruitless, our hands are tied, and
we can do nothing but stand and look the giant mon-
•ster in the face, but we cannot look him out of coon-
tenance. ,
The planters propose, if the Government will ad-
vance supplies, to ffire a first lien on their crops to pay
for the same, the Government to appoint an a*cnt in
the county to aeo that the supplies are satisfied oat
