2926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
ator says he means to discuss the resolution,
and .insists upon debating it. In that event I
shall not press it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The object of my state-
ment was merely to suggest to the Senator that
this was a matter about which we should know
something before acting.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that the joint res-
olution be read, and then, if any one insists
on debating it, I will withdraw the suggestion
for its consideration.
The joint resolution was read as follows:
Joint resolution to provide for the removal of a suit
pending in the circuit court of Jefferson county.
West Virginia, to the circuit court of the United
States.
Whereas a suit in ejectment is now pending in the
circuit, couitof Jefferson county, in West Virginia,
against the ten an tin possession, to recover possession
of the Harper's Perry property, owned by theUnited
States, and it is doubttul whether under any existing
law of the United States the said suit can be removed
to the circuit court of the United States:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That it shall be the duty of the circuit
court of the United States for the district of West
Virginia, if in session, or of the judge thereof in
vacation, on the app] ication of the defendant in said
suit, showing that the property sought to be recov-
ered by the said suit is owned or claimed by the Uni-
ted States under color of title, and verifying the
facts set out in sueh application by his affidavit, to
issue a writ by certiorari, directed to the said State
court, directing it to send therecord and proceedings
in said suit to the said circuit court of the United
States, a duplicate of which writ shall be delivered
to the clerk of the said State court, or left at his office
by the marshal of the said district, or his deputy or
other person thereto duly authorized, and thereupon
the said State court shall stay all further proceed-
ings in said suit; and upon the return of the said
writ the said suit shall be docketed in tho said cir-
cuit court of the United States, and there proceeded
in according to law, and all further proceedings had
therein in the said State court shall be null and
void.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from New York whether it is not advis-
able to put in the names of the parties to the
suit. The resolution speaks of a suit pending
for property owned by the United States, but
t.he names of the parties are not given. It
seems to me rather indefinite. While I am
up I wish to ask whether there is authority to
order such a transfer from a State court,
whether you do not bring about a collision by
authorizing the United States court to direct
a State court to transfer a suit brought there?
Has that ever been done?
Mr. CONKLING. It has been donerepeat-
edly and by general act in cases which involve
the interests of the United States Government
not more directly and not as much so as the
interest involved in this case. As to the
description-of the suit, that is very definite;
the resolution describes the property, and
describes it so definitely that there can be no
mistake as to the suit intended. The only
objection to changing the preamble in that
respect is that, if amended, the bill must go
back to the House and there encounter delay,
when time is of the essence of the whole pro-
ceeding.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do notmake a motion ;
I merely make the suggestion.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to postpone the
regular order for the purpose of taking up the
joint resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing that the
regular order should be passed by informally
by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unan-
imous consent the joint resolution referred to
by the Senator from New York will be con-
sidered as before the Senate.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it must be done by motion. The
Senator from New York moves that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House
joint resolution No. 281.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution til. R. No. '284) to provide for the
removal of a suit pending in the circuit court
of Jefferson county. West Virginia, to the cir-
cuit court of the United States was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I am
not in favor of legislating in regard to partic-
ular law-suits. This action of ejectment can
only settle a possessory right, and of course it
must be a suit between some person in posses-
sion as a defendant and some person claiming
the right of possession. If this property be-
longs to the United States, of course it can
only be the right of a tenant which will come
in litigation in that case. I want to know upon
what principle we can transfer from the State
court to the United States court a case pend-
ing between two men in regard to a piece of
land. If we can do it in regard to Harper's
Ferry we can do it in regard to the city of
Indianapolis. If I should come in and say to
the Senate that there is a piece of land in the
city of Indianapolis for which John Brown has
sued John Smith, and that the United States
claims some interest in that land, could I ask
to have that suit transferred to the United
States court? I do not see how that can be.
I think when we transfer a case to the United
States court it must be upon some ground of
jurisdiction such as is given by the Constitu-
tion of the United States. Congress cannot
transfer all suits from State to Federal courts.
Another thing I will add. This case cannot
prejudice the United States. No suit that is
tried in that State court can decide the rights of
the United States. The United States cannot
be made a party in a State court or in any other
court, perhaps, against her pleasure. She is
not a party to the case ; she is not affected by
the result; her rights are not affected ; she has
no interest in that law-suit; it is between two
parties, each claiming the right of possession ;
she cannot be committed or concluded by any
verdictor judgment rendered. It is not proper
to send it there, in my judgment; therefore I
move that this joint resolution be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to make a short
statement in regard to this matter. This ac-
tion is brought to recover the most valuable
part—it may be said to include the whole in
point of value—of the United States property
at Harper's Ferry. It is an action of eject-
ment, which, under our law as now existing in
West Virginia, settles the title to the property.
It is brought against the officer whose name is
Captain I). J. Young, now in charge and pos-
session of that property. The suit is pending
in the circuit court of West Virginia for the
county of J efferson. That court will be in ses-
sion in a few days. The issue is made. The
trial was postponed at a previous term of the
court in order to enable action to be had in
Congress to remove it from the jurisdiction of
the State court of West Virginia to the juris-
diction and decision and arbitrament of the
Federal court. This joint resolution has been
drawn, I understand, under the supervision of
the acting Attorney Genera], and it is very much
desired on his part that it should be passed
immediately. The grounds upon which he
desires the passage of this resolution are nut
that they have any particular objection to the
decision of this case by the circuit court in
Jefferson county, but it has come to his knowl-
edge, as it has come to my knowledge, that a
fair trial of the rights of the parties litigant
cannot be had in Jefferson county.
It is Yain to attempt to evade the fact that
there is a very bitter hostility in that county
against the United States, against the interests
ot'the United States in any respect; and ithas,
moreover, I understand, come to the knowl-
edge of the authorities that there is a combin-
ation there, and that there exists a prejudice
in the community rising out of our late difficul-
ties and arising out of local influences that
would prevent anything like a fair trial of the
issue there made. Inasmuch as the property
belongs to the United Stares, it is but just. I
think, and so the Attorney General thinks, that,
the rights of the United States should be tried
in its own courts, where the Attorney General
can act in his official character, and where the
trial of the issue can be removed from the
immediate vicinity of the premises, and where
there can be a jury selected from the State at
large that will not be under the influence of the
prejudices, local and otherwise, thatareknown
to' exist in the minds of the community in that
vicinity ; and inasmuch, as it is si mply the trans-
fer of the jurisdiction to try the title to a piece
of property belonging to the United States from
a State court to the Federal court, I am
myself at a loss to see any feasible objection
why it should not be done. Why any person
representing the interests of the United States
should desire, should insist, that the right to
this property,' in which every Senator here is
just as much interested as lam, should be tried
in a local State court rather than in a court of
the United States, is what I cannot appreciate
and cannot understand. All that is desired
by the United States authorities is to take the
trial of this issue from the vicinity of these pre-
judices, local and otherwise, which, in their
belief, prevent a fair hearing of the_ cause, and
transfer it to the courts of the United States,
whose property this is; and I am sorry that
there is any objection to the passage of this
joint resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
from West Virginia who is the party plaintiff
and who is the party defendant?
Mr. WILLEY. A man by the name of
Brown, a resident of Jefferson county, is the
party plaintiff; and the defendant in possession
is Captain D. J. Young, United States Army,
the officer of the United States locally and per-
sonally in charge of the premises.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Indiana, to refer the resolution
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONKLING. But one remark needs
to be made on that motion. If the resolution
is to be recommitted to the Judiciary Commit-
tee and reported here it may just as well be
postponed indefinitely.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Has it ever been com-
mitted?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that it has not been to a com-
mittee.
Mr. CONKLING. That is true. I should
not have said '•recommitted," but "commit-
ted"' to the Judiciary Committee. The court
is to occur, I think, in a week from the time
tho letter was dated which is in the possession
of the Senator from West Virginia. My im-
pression is, further, from what I was told, that
it will commence next Monday. Unless the
resolution is to be passed now the object of it
is lost; therefore we may as well vote on it
now.
The motion to refer was not agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I cannot believe that
the statement made to us is accurate in regard
to this case. If private parties bring a suit
against an officer of the United States in regard
to the public property, there can certainly be
no difficulty in setting up that he holds it under
the United States and going into the Federal
courts under our general laws. If that is all
that is involved, this joint resolution is mani-
festly unnecessary. There must be something
else in the case. If Mr. Binckley, the Assist-
ant Attorney General, desires us to interpose
by an act of Congress in this case, lie should
send us some official report setting forth the
nature of this issue and the grounds upon which
our interference is asked. It must certainly
be that some private interest, rather than tho
interest of the United States, is involved in thi.3
case, or there would be no desire for the inter-
position of Congress in regard to it; or it must
be a very—I will not. however, express what I
intended to. I will say it must lie a very serious
mistake on the part of this Assistant Attorney
General.
This resolution is in the nature of a judicial
mandate. Congress proposes to pass a law
ordering the State court in West Virginia to do
this, that, and the other thing ; to stop their
proceedings at once and turn the case over to
the United States court. Our general laws
conferring jurisdiction upon the courts of the
United States, in cases which may arise under
