402
APPENDIX TO THE CONbfBESSIUNAL ULOBE.
[July 7;
Ho. of Reps.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Butler.
40th Oo3stg....2d Sess.
cost to take care of it. He was here in person.
Why did not the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs summon General Rousseau
and take his testimony, subjecting him to cross-
examination, so that his means of knowledge
might be probed? His observations in that
country ought to have been extensive, for he
resided there six months and has had nothing
to do but observe and keep warm. Why was
not his testimony brought before this House,
testimony on which we might have placed some
reliance? Why go to some newspaper para-
graph written, with the impersonal we, never
used except by monarchs, editors, and the
devil, so far as I know, to testify to us what is
the condition of Alaska? Why not bring here
tho evidence of a general of the Army who
spent six months iu the country and knows all
about it?
I pray, however, after I have made this sug-
gestion, no gentleman will get any newspaper
letter from General liousseau about this coun-
try, because I give notice here and now that if
any testimony from him is to be brought in, I
humbly and respectfully desire to cross-exam-
ine the witness, as my friend from Wisconsin
[Mr. Washburn] would have cross-examined
him if he had been brought before the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
But I pass from the question as to the value
of Alaska. I have what I think is a higher and
a, different reason for voting against the acqui-
sition of Alaska, exercising the j udgment which
I trust 1 have demonstrated I have a right to
exercise against carrying the treaty into effect.
By this treaty, when tiiis territory becomes
ours the inhabitants of the territory, or at least
a portion of them, become American citizens—•
how large a portion I am not quite certain,
because I do not know precisely what has been
the system heretofore pursued by Russia in the
management of the Indian tribes, and how far
the Indians may be counted as having rights as
citizens or subjects under the Russian Govern-
ment. Now, X remember, sir, that Home car-
lied her arms and her laws over the whole world
as then known; but she restricted her citizen-
ship to Latium, to Italy, and to those who, in
the language of Chief Captain to St. Paul, had
•• with great price obtained this freedom." Our
theory has been a different one. Wherever we
have extended our Government we have at
the same time extended our laws and the rights
of citizenship, until there arises a danger from
the heterogeneous masses of men of different
races which are being brought in to help govern
our country. We now, by this treaty, bring in
these citizens of Russia, not from their own
choice, not because tliey have chosen to emi-
grate in order to escape oppression, but wo
bring in as our citizens these people who have
been component parts of an autocracy, and
know no other government; we propose to
clothe them with citizenship, to endow them
with the high title of Ameiican citizens, to give
them a share of our birthright, whether fitted
to them or not. This country cannot go on
with any safety to itself in this course of annex-
ing—no, not annexing, acquiring foreign non-
contiguous territory, giving promiscuously to
the inhabitants of that territory the right to
American citizenship. And, sir, I wondered
to hear the spread-eagleism, the filibustering-
isia, and the manifest destinyism, and all
that sort of doctrine which came from my
conservative—shall I not say my worse than
radical—friend from Ohio, [Mr. Spat.di.to,]
why he desires to take in, as a part of our
possessions, all fte islands of. the ocean, South
Amcrica, including Patagonia, making all the
inhabitants thereof all American citizens 1 Sir,
i shall be ashamed of Congress if that ever
takes place, whether the gentleman from Ohio
is in oi out of it. I want to enter my protest
now as a lover of this country, one having its
welfare at heart, against any further extension
oi' the right of American citizenship. I am
willing iq extend the rights of citizenship to all
those now upon our soil; but if we are to
acquire St. Thomas, Santa Cruz, Greenland,
Iceland, and Alaska, with her walrusses and
seals, and those made up of the blood and fat
of both, I desire respectfully to enter my pro-
test against a further extension of the right of
suffrage. We must stop somewhere. Where
are we to stop ? Must we not take a leaf from
the book of the history of Rome and Rome, I
reiterate, while extending her laws andherarihs
over the world, took care to keep the govern-
ing power at Rome. Roman citizenship was
not flung away to any such persons as the fat-
sueking inhabitants of Alaska or the plantain-
leaf-covered Patagonian, if he is not so far in
the region of cold that the plantain refuses to
yield its leaves to cover him.
Another reason, sir, why I propose to vote
against Alaska is to record my protest against
taking a foreign, uncontiguous country in as
American soil; against having the President
of tiie United States, with the consent of the
Senate, without my assent as one of the Repre-
sentatives of the people of the United States,
yield up a portion of the rights of sovereignty
now residing in us altogether. I cannot agree
to dispose of those until my judgment is con-
vinced and I see it is fort.be safety of the coun-
try. A great danger I see in the future extent
of this country is from the want of liomoge-
nietyin the various races we shall take into our
borders and make American citizens, unless
we changc our policy in this regard.
There is still another consideration, but I
admit a weaker one, which is germane to the
one to which I have just called attention ; and
that is this territory is not contiguous. While
1 agree fully that the American ideaof govern-
ment is to have all the land that join you, still I
never knew the desire extended to the land
that does not join you. Without objecting to
taking in Canada because she is, as it were, a
part of us, yet, leaving out the Dominion of
Canada, I would not take to-day, as a gift, the
British possessions lying without Canada. You
take here a country that you cannot get to,
except by water, without crossing the territory
of another Power. We arc asked to make it
a part of our country when we cannot reach it
by land, to say nothing of the snow and ice.
ilr. PIKE. Wc never want to reach it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Sir, we
wautno country we have no possibility of reach-
ing. That is the point I wish to make.
1 am reminded we have possession of it now.
That I deny. True, General Rosseau lias been
there six months. But he had to sail either
through other seas around Cape Horn, or go
across foreign territory, where the right to cross
may be interrupted any day before he could
get there. To annex such territory is an entirely
new departure in the growth of America. "I'll
have none of it." But if you will have other
lands, if you will have foreign territory, go take
suffering, oppressed Crete from Turkey. You
can do it for one half the money you are asked
to pay for Alaska. If you will have other ter-
ritory, extend your protectorate over Crete,
ennobled by her suffering, the bravery of her
men, the viitue of her women. She is much
nearer to us than is Alaska. If you will have
other territory go where somebody else has
gone before you and take lands desirable by
historical associations or of intrinsic value in
themselves. But youshould own no land that
is not contiguous to your country, that is not
part of your country, that is not to be under
the eye of Government, to be reached by tele-
gram, from which, in case of war with a mari-
time Power, you may not be cut off.
These, Mr. Chairman, aresome of the grounds
of opinion upon which I shall give my vote. I
do,not believe I am bound to vote for this bill
except my judgment inclines in that way. My
judgment is not overborne either by the action
of the Executive or the Senate, or of the Pres-
ident in taking possession of Alaska, or by any
supposed friendliness on the part of Russia. I
am not influenced, either, by aoy belief of the
good bargain we have made. I shall be con-
trolled by the reasons I have given.
There, is another topic connected with the
subject 1 wish to bring to the attention .of the
committee. , If you propose to pay this money
I wish you. to see that, your citizens are in-
demnified before doing so. Eleven years ago
Russia made an agreement with an American
citizen during the Crimean war to purchase
munitions of war. She received the property,
but has. not paid for it, and now owes the
widow of the men who furnished her with
those munitions of war. The State_ Depart-
ment, in three several communications, has
recognized the justice of this claim, and still
Russia neglects to pay it. At some times she
says there was only a verbal contract for thft
property she bought, and that a verbal con-
tract is not binding, admitting that it was
made. The justice of the claim she has never
disputed, but she has always raised -tech-
nical objections. Therefore I propose, if this
!?7,200,000 are to bo voted to be paid to her,
to move the following proviso :
Provided, That the payment of $500,000 of said
appropriation be withhold until the imperial Gov-
ernment of Russia shall signify its willingness to
ruler to an impartial tribunal I or adjudication and
settlement all sueh claims by American citizens
against tlio imperial Government of Russia as have
been investigated by the State Department ol the
United States and declared by said Department to
bejust. and the amount so awarded to be paid from
said §500,000 so withheld.
Mr. BANES. If my colleague intends to
have the question put on that proposition at
this time I must object to it as not germane to
the bill, and therefore not in order, without
expressing any opinion in regard to the subject-
matter of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
Chair hear me a moment. ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hearths
gentleman.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am still
on the floor. 1 only offer the proposition now
for the purpose of arguing it. We are asked
to appropriate money to be paid to Russia.
Russia has refused to pay a just claim of our
citizens, found so by the State Department.
That my proviso presupposes. Now, I ask to
put a proviso on this appropriation bill that so
much money shall be retained as will furnish
a fund out of which claims of our citizens may
be paid when a fair and just tribunal shall de-
cide that they are due. Am I to be told that
that is not germane ? Is it not exactly ger-
mane? It is proposed to send so much money
to Russia. If it is appropriated it will be done
in spite of my vote. But if you do appropri-
ate it I desire that you should retain enough
to meet the just claims of our own citizens,
exactly as was done in the case of the Gads-
den treaty.
Now. there is nobody in the world I have so.
much respect for as the gentleman who sits in
the chair, [Mr. Garfield ; ] and yet, at the
proper lime I intend to appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair. I want to see whether we
have armed at this condition of things that
the Senate not only can make a treaty by which
we must send away fiom this country so much
money, but when the bill is before the House
of Representatives, and our citizens come to
us and ask us to step in between them and the
autocrat of all the Russias and do them justice,
we are to be told that it is not germane to put
in a proviso as this limiting the payment of
money to him until ha pays his honest debts to
our citizens. If this limitation to sueh an
appropriation is not, what would be germane?
I bat we shall iay our heads down before the
autocrat of Russia that he may trample on
them? Would that be germane? Where else
is an American citizen, to go tor redress against
the oppressions, the iniquity, the injustice of 3
foreign Government if he does not corns to this
