3950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
this District of Colutpbia to take care of the
District only, with full staffs. The President,
the Commander-in-Chief, is one, the General
of the Army another, the Secretary of War
still another, the Commissioner of the Freed-
men's Bureau is another, General Hancor-k,
commander of the military division, is another,
General Emory, the commander of the depart-
ment of Washington, is another, General Wal-
lace, the commander of the garrison of Wash-
ington, is another ; there are, therefore, seven
general headquarters' to take care of this Dis-
trict in time of peace, and, I believe, from
twelve to fifteen generals on duty here in various
■ways. A friend suggests nineteen. I always
underrate in my statements.
Now, sir, that being so, I desire that we
shall come down somewhere near a peace
establishment, and I know of no man better
situated to designate who shall hold these
commissions of major generals than the Gen-
eral of the Army.
• I propose to follow up this amendment by an
amendment providing that, instead of ten brig-
adier generals, there shall be only six, to be
selected in the same way. This bill provides
for only twenty-five thousand soldiers, and three
major generals and a lieutenant general are
amply sufficient to take charge of twenty-five
thousand men ; and those are twice as many
general officers as are employed with a like
number of troops in the best European armies.
A friend near me says that he would give
them six months. Why ? Did you give any
six months to the volunteer generals alter they
were no longer wanted? Wheti you get through
with them they go out at once. The most of
them knew, too, where to go. We of the vol-
unteer service asked 110 favors. I am willing
to give those officers sixty days after this act
shall pass. They have all been educated, wit h
one exception, at the expense of the Govern-
ment. They were given a first-rate education
at the expense of their country. They are all
wanted as engineers of railroads and on other
public works. They can all be employed and be
of some use, which they are not now, although
that is not their fault. I hope, therefore, my
amendment will be adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the House will
not adopt the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. MULLINS. 1 do hope they will.
Mr. GARFIELD. In the first place, it is a
very ungracious task which the Committee on
Military Affairs have felt it their duty to per
form, to cut down so large a number of persons
in official positions as this bill proposes; and
particularly in the case of persons who have
performed so distinguished services as have
been performed by the officers embraced in
this section. There are five major generals
now in the Army: Ilalleck, Meade, Sheridan,
George II. Thomas, and Hancock. Now, to
require the General of the Army to select two
of them to be stricken from the rolls, to let the
burden, and especially what odium there might
be in that selection rest upon the General of
the Army, I think would not be treating him
fairly, nor would it be treating fairly the offi-
cers who now occupy these positions. With-
out undertaking to debate this matter further,
I ask for a vote on the amendment.
Mr. BOTLER, of Massachusetts. I modify
my amendment so that it shall read "on the
1st day of January next," instead of "sixty
days after the passage of this act."
The question was on the amendment, as modi-
fied.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word for the pur-
pose of saying a word in reply to what has
been said by the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, [Mr. Garfield.] 1 do
not look upon this as being so great a hard-
ship as some men seem to consider it. A
great many men might have considered it a
hardship, after they had served as generals in
the Army for four years, and lost their business
at home, to be mustered out at a day's notice.
But I presume none of them did so consider
it. If we intend to reduce the Army, if that
is our intention in good faith—and 1 hope that
we do intend it—it is not right for us to com-
mence by cutting off the private soldiers, and
leaving the great army of generals drawing
their pay of §3,000, §5,000, or $6,000 a year
each, with staffs around them drawing as much
more.
It is wrong to have in service officers for
whom we have no use. This bill proposes to
reduce the Army to twenty-five thousand men.
Now, the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs [Mr. Garfield] was himself at
one time a general in the Army ; and I should
be glad if ho would tell me by what rule of the
Army it will require a general, a lieutenant-
general, four major generals, ten brigadier gen-
erals, and twelve staffs to command twenty-five
thousand troops. Both he and I in our military
experience, have known that number of men to
be commanded by a far less number of generals
without any major generals whatever except
at the head. There is no necessity in time of
peace for such a body of officers as this bill
proposes. These officers ought not to con-
sider it a hardship that their services are dis-
pensed with. No man ought to consider it a
hardship that, when the country does not
require his services, it shall say so. I know
that when my country required my services no
longer I was informed of the fact, and that
was enough for me. It ought to be enough
foreverybody in such a position. It was enough
for many men who are now on this floor.
I do not know what is the present number of
our Army; but this bill proposes that when the
number of officers shall be reduced those re-
lieved from duty shall be put on a retired list.
I am not in favor of that. I am in favor of
mustering out of service those officers for
whose services the Government has no occa-
sion. There is no more justice in putting an
unnecessary officer on half pay than there is
in putting upon half pay a private who is no
longer needed. This bill contemplates that the
privates shall be mustered out. They are to
be turned loose without a dollar, for there is
not one in a thousand who has a dollar within
a few weeks after receiving his pay. The pri-
vates are to be turned loose upon the country
without occupation, while at the same time you
propose to retain in service almost an army of
general officer's for whom the country has no
occasion. No man who is truly a patriot will,
when his services are dispensed with, in order
to reduce the burdens of the people, and be-
cause those services are no longer required,
say, "I have done service for my country and
my country has forgotten me; and in its for-
getfulness has inflicted disgrace upon itself and
a great wrong upon me." No man with proper
self-respect and proper love for his country
will say that. For these reasons I am in favor
of the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, and I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose
the amendment to the amendment. The theory
of this bill is that supernumerary officers shall
be retained until vacancies occur in their grade,
and that subordinate officers below the rank
of brigadier general shall be placed upon a list
to be relieved and put upon half pay. I am in
favor of mustering out of service such major
generals and brigadier generals as we have no
further occasion for. It we are to adopt the
rule that supernumerary officers throughout all
the lower grades of the Army shall be mustered
out, it certainly would not Improper to retain
the supernumerary major generals and briga-
dier generals. Hence I shall regard the vote
upon this amendment as a test of the sense of
the House upon the question whether these
supernumeraries shall be retained or whether
ail supernumeraries shall be mustered out.
There is, as has been suggested by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Loga^,] a distinction
between the position of the officer and that of
the private soldier in this respect: the private
soldier is enlisted for a term of years, and his
pay is not supposed to be such as to make it
especially desirable on his part to remain in
the service, while the position of the officers is
a position for life—a position for which they
have prepared themselves by years of study.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Do not
their commissions run during the pleasure of
the President?
Mr.' PILE. They do; but the practical
construction of that, as the gentleman very
well knows, is that unless the officer is guilty
of some misconduct for which he is amenable
under the rules and articles of war, and is sen-
tenced to dismissal by a court-martial, the
President cannot dismiss him. Though the
commission nominally runs during the pleas-
ure of the President, it is a commission for
life unless the officer by misconduct renders
himself liable to dismissal by the judgment ot
a court-martial.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Do I un-
derstand the gentleman to say that Congress
cannot control this subject?
Mr. PILE. Certainly, Congress has power
over the whole subject. It can abolish these
officers; it can do away with the army entirely ;
but the President has no such power.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CAEY. I move to strike out the word
"General" and to insert "the President of
the United States." Mr. Speaker, I see no
reason why this duty should be devolved upon
the General of the Army any more than upon
the Lieutenant General; but I do see a mani-
fest propriety in it being assigned to the Presi-
dent of the United States, he being the Com-
mander-in-Chief. Iam not disposed to occupy
my five minutes. It seems to me the propriety
of the amendment is apparent.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask my colleague to
yield me the remainder of his time.
Mr. CARY. I yield to my colleague.
Mr. MUNGEN. If I understand the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts in
extending the operation of this law to the 1st
of January—and I should like to know whether
that is not the fact—it is to save General Grant,
provided he should not be elected President
by the people of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. MUNGEN. Does this leave General
Grant and Lieutenant General Sherman in
their present positions?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. MUNGEN. I would as soon leave them
out as any private soldier.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. One of
them will go out next March.
Mr._ SCHENCK. I rise to oppose the
amendment. Mr. Speaker, it seems to be a fore-
gone conclusion that there is to be some reduc-
tion of the Army. When we do come to a
decision of that sort it seems to me we should
approach the subject with a consideration look-
ing to all the interests involved both of public
and private citizens affected by our action.
Now, sir, it strikes me the mode proposed by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] would be an exceedingly harsh one. I
do not pretend to say Congress may not abol-
ish the office of major general, or reduce the
number of major generals. I am inclined to
think hereafter in our Army three will be
enough in any organization we propose to keep
up. But what is the amendment? That here-
after there shall be three major generals; that
is, after the 1st of January next, and those
three shall be designated by the General of the
Army. I suppose there are to be three selected
from the present five, but the amendment does
not say so.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, it
does.
Mr. SCHENCK. The selection, then, is to
be made from the present five major generals.
Who are they? Halleck, Meade, Sheridan,
Thomas, and Hancock. I am not an especial
admirer of General Halleck. I have regarded
him always as a paper general, if I may make
a criticism of that kind. I do not suppose
any one would think of excluding Meade, Shef-
idan, or George H. Thomas ; and I confess I
