1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
403
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Maynard.
Ho, of Heps.
House of Representatives at the moment it is
voting away his own money to that Govern-
ment which owes him a just debt which it
refuses topay. Is it not germane to any appro-
priation bill to protect the rights of American
citizens by limiting the amount to be paid so
our own debts may be collected? We are called
upon to send §7,200,000 out of this country to
pay a debt to a foreign Power. I am opposed
to letting so much ot it go as is required to
pay the just debts that country owes to our
citizens. My friend says if I was called upon
to pay a debt I would pay it, and then collect
my money of my debtor. Sir, if I had refused
to pay for eleven years until I had driven my
creditor to his grave, and his widow had come
and presented his claim in this way, 1 should
expect she would protect herself by process of
foreign attachment or a garnishee process.
That is exactly what I ask this House to do.
.For eleven long years this claimant besought
the justice of Russia for his money, but with-
out avail. He is now dead, and his widow pre-
sents herself here and asks this House of
Representatives, i;Jf you are going to send
$7,200,000 out of the country hold enough of
it back for me and my orphan children that I
may get justice done me as against this auto-
orat.,: And what is the answer? It is not
germane to our proceeding to do you justice.
W e must send your money over to Russia and
you must go over there for it. That is ger-
mane. And the widow shall answer, " But it
is unjust and cruel to your own citizen, and his
widow and orphans, and that is never germane j
to the proceedings of an American House of
Representatives. Justice, equity, and right
are always in order and germane to every bill.
They are the eternal law which the Constitu-
tion was designed to enforce here among
men." Is not that germane, sir? I ask the
committee to say whether it is not, on the pre-
cedent established in the Gadsden treaty, and
the precedent which always has been acted on
in all other treaties? If it is said that we can
have nothing to do with it because we must
carry the treaty into effect, why discuss fur-
ther? Let us go home this hot weather and
not trouble ourselves any more. But if we
have anything to do with this business let us
hold this money for this widow, if it is her
due, and not let it go out of the country until
she can have a fair hearing before an impartial
tribunal. I now offer the amendment.
Purchase of Alaska.
SPEECH OF HON. II. MAYNARD,
OF TEXNKSSEE,
In tiie House of Representatives,
July 1, 1808.
The House being in Committee of tho Whole on the
state of the Union, and having under consideration i
the bill (H, R. ]STo. 1096) making an appropriation
to carry in effect the treaty with Russia of March
30,18G7-
Mr. MAYNARD said:
Mr. Chairman : I shall not stop to count the
fish or to measure the trees in Alaska, nor yet
to vex her soil in search of her mines. If that
distant region is worth having it is worth buy-
ing; if worth buying it is worth paying for.
The price proposed to he given is very incon-
siderable, less, comparatively, than Florida cost
us; less,absolutely, thanwepaidfortheMesilla
valley under the Gadsden treaty. I think the
acquisition important and necessary to this
Government and opportune. I look forward
to the time, not far distant, when the civiliza-
tion of the world will be transferred from the
Atlantic to the Pacific ocean, when what is
excellent and exalted in human affairs will be
found upon the shores of that benign sea. We
occupy a geographical position which, if wisely
improved, will enable us to control the com-
merce and the maritime affairs of that vast
ocean highway; and as long as i am connected
with any branch of the public service i declare
my readiness to grant subsidies and to take
measures looking to our commercial and naval
supremacy on the Pacific as complete as Great
Britain has for two centuries enjoyed on the
Atlantic ocean. We have it in our power to
do this by fairly improving our opportunities
without a,ny special exertion and without invad-
ing the rights of any other nation of the earth.
The wealth and commerce of the Indies have
given the ascendency by turns to every nation
that has enjoyed them ; in ancient times Tyre
and Alexandria, in more modern times Ven-
ice, Portugal, Holland, and lastly, England.
I hat vast and lucrative trade has hitherto been
approached by journeying to the East. It is
given to us, of all the nations, to reach it by
turning our prows to the West. Our India
docKs and wharves will be found, at no dis-
tant day, on our Pacific coast. There will be
our great commercial marts with their accu-
mulated wealth and population, reached from
the East by us and by Europe over the lines
of railway now rapidly stretching across the
continent. \V estward the course of empire
takes its way. Westward, too, has been the
course of Christian civilization from the cradle
of Bethlehem. Every effort to turn it eastward
lias failed. And when the millions of China
and Japan accept the Christian faith, and as a
corollary, modern civilization, it will come to
them, as it has come to us, in the direction of
the morning. To thein, as to the rest of the
Christian world, the star of Bethlehem will
still be the star of the East. I would by every
prudent and reasonable polity anticipate these
mighty changes in the world's affairs, and lie
found ready to accept them. They greatly
err who think there is to be or ought to be an
end of progress, a time to look on the plan of
this mighty maze as finished, complete ; who
imagine themselves living in the old age of the
world. Tho great, ever-teeming future before
us, and not the receding past behind us, is the
region of our hopes and our faith. And if we
fail to keep steadily in view the future growth
and progress of our country and our race our
legislation will be narrow and poor and mean,
and our recorded views will look as imperfect
and incomprehensive as the views of men
always do who fail to comprehend their own
epoch.
Hence I am willing to vote appropriations
for navy-yards, for maritime defenses, and for
the improvement of the harbors upon that
coast, for subsidizing any line of steamers sailing
thence to any part of the other hemisphere, and
for projecting across our continent as many lines
of railway as substantial private enterprise
shall be willing to undertake. It is the policy
of progress, a policy far-reaching and emi-
nently profitable to our country. This policy
negotiated and ratified the treaty with Russia
for the purchase of Alaska ; and, acting under
the same policy, I shall vote to execute it. No
great amount of geographical knowledge is
needed to demonstrate the value to us, nay,
the necessity of that line of coa.'t. To the nau-
tical eye tho simple inspection of the map is
quite enough. Its acquisition is but a part of
our great Pacific system, inaugurated in 1848,
at the close of the Mexican war, by the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and prosecuted with
undeviating energy ever since, a system des-
tined to give us the control of that side of the
globe. 1 confess my surprise that- the honor-
able gentleman from Iowa. [Mr. Price.] the
head of the Pacific railroad policy, should not
recognize the acquisition of this lengthened
coast-line ss essentially a part of this same pol- j
icy. Would it not be wise to extend our views j
a little and so modify our rules of oruer that j
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad should
be made a committee on this Pacific system,
of which the railroads are but a portion ? The
same wise economy which increases our public
indebtedness to build these roads will also in-
crease it to secure this vast and important addi-
tion to the Federal domain ; anditcannothave
failed to attract notice that opposition to this
measure and equally strenuous opposition to
the Pacific railroads emanate from the same
quarter.
The climate, soil, and productions of this
region have been discussed in the light of our
imperfect information. We- must not forget
that it lies on the west and not on the east of
the continent; that the southern portion,
between latitude fifty and sixty degrees, is in
tho same latitude as the British isles, and the
northern, between sixty and seventy degrees, in
the same as Norway and Sweden. The prob-
abilities certainly are that it will be found
equally habitable. If the number of raiuy days
in the year has been accurately stated, as a
physical fact the climate cannot be rigorously
cold. It is not to the purpose that the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washrtirn,] or any
one else, would not live there. Many persons,
doubtless, would refuse to accept a home in
the wintry latitude from which he comes.
Man, the race, is cosmopolitan; man, the
individual, is very local in his habitudes and
tastes. It is too remote, says my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger.] Distance, so far
as it respects human intercourse, is measured
by time, not by space. So reckoning, Alaska
is nearer the capital to-day than was Califor-
nia when admitted as a State. We all recol-
lect when the distance from Boston to St.
Louis was longer than it now is from Boston
to Sitka.
I do not agree with him, either, that in order
to make a nation united and powerful it must
be territorially compact, and as he rather in-
timated, territorially small.
The greatest nation of ancient or modern
times, the most powerful that has yet been, is
Great Britain. Her policy from the first has
been to acquire and to hold every spot of earth,
however insignificant and apparently worth-
less, however barren and unproducing, how-
ever expensive to keep and defend. She dis-
dains no portion of this ball. We reeollectthat
when, a few years ago, Mr. Webster apostro-
phised her in the Senate, as the Power whose
morning drum-beat preceding the rising sun,
and keeping company with the hours, encircled
the earth daily with an unbroken strain of the
martial airs ofEngland,hegavea more magnifi-
cent conception of her national grandeur than
all the tables of all the statisticians. The Ameri-
can people partake of the same spirit, the
same resolute purpose to replenish the earth
and subdue it, and have dominion over it.
Our god Terminus is an advancing and not a
retreating divinity. The stars and stripes and
the eagle are symbols of progress, moral, ma-
terial, territorial. It is that spirit of expan-
sion, if you please, of aggression, that has
already made this Republic one of the great
Powers, and will eventually make her the mis-
tress of tho world.
But, sir, it was not of this that I proposed
to speak. My object to-night is to inquire into
the nature and legal effect of a treaty duly
negotiated and constitutionally ratified, whether
it has any obligatory force or whether it is a
mere proposition to be accepted or disregarded
at pleasure? I confess very much has faileu
from gentlemen that not only did not meet
my approval but which gave me absolute pain.
By the Constitution the several States are for-
bidden to " enter into any treaty, alliance, or
confederation/' The President, with the advice
and consent of two thirds of the Senators pre-
sent, is authorized '"to make treaties." He
can also, with the advice and consent of the
Senate, "appoint embassadors, other public
ministers and consuls ;" and a treaty '• made
under the authority of the United States''
becomes " the supreme law of the land." If
language can make anything clearer, if there
can beany more specific method of contracting
un obligation or of assarting its validity when
