1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3951
should be unwilling to see aharsh measure of this
kind extended to General Hancock, for while
I never have believed, if he had been the for-
tunate or unfortunate man selected for defeat
with any of the chances tendered to him by the
convention at New York, he would or would
not have made much of a President; yet he
hasproved himself arespectable soldier. Now,
these five men entered in boyhood the public
service in the profession of arms and have con-
tinued up to this time. They have been put
upon an increased establishment as compared
witli what existed before the war. It is now
proposed that they shall be thrust out of service
in their comparatively old age in this manner,
without provision. I object to it. If there has
been any wrong in promoting them, in advanc-
ing them until we have more of these officers
than we need, the wrong has not been theirs.
They are not to be blamed for the natural
ambition of getting advancement. If there has
been any wrong the wrong has been in Congress
making this provision for them. Now, after
Congress has done this, it seems to me the
least thing we could do would be to let them
down in some graceful way, considering who
they are and what they have done.
Mr. LOGAN. AVill the gentleman let me
ask him a question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. In five minutes' time one
has not much to spare.
Mr. LOGAN. Does not the gentleman from
Ohio know that quite a number of officers who
were educated at West Point, and served in
the Army as major generals and brigadier
generals, have been compelled to return to the
positions of captains and lieutenants ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly 1 do ; but that
does not make the slightest reply to my argu-
ment. These men are now regularly in the
service by the action of Congress, obtaining
advancement as it has been held open to them,
and this amendment proposes to thrust them
out without provision, without half pay, with-
out retirement, with only the general declara-
tion, " Begone, we have no further need of
your services." I am not ready for that. I
prefer that we shall gradually let ourselves
down from that point to which we extended
our legislation, if we are to take a back track
upon it; and in letting ourselves down, that
while we take care of the public interest, we
shall at the same time try not to do any injus-
tice to those who served the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Cart.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I propose to per-
^The SPEAKER. That is in order.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to strike
out "four" in both instances where it occurs
and insert "three;" so that the section will
read:
That no vacancies shall hereafter be filled in the
office of major general until the number of major
generals shall be less than three, and thereafter there
shallbe but three major generals.
I only say in support of this that I fully con-
cur in the remark of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck,] as to the principle of reducing
the Army; and, entertaining that view, T move
to reduce the number of major generals to three.
Mr. BUTLEB, of Massachusetts. I rise to
oppose the amendment. Now, sir, let us see
what is proposed. We cannot strike out any-
body here who does not find a friend to uphold
him. We cannot strike out any provision in
the Army bill without disturbing the gentleman
who is the author of it; for he always stands
by his child. Now, I want to call the attention
of the House to the provisions of the bill. It
proposes to keep these men in office until they
die. They never resign. They are of an aver-
age age of perhaps forty-five. They are good
for thirty years longer. Now, it is proposed
to pass a measure called a bill for the reduc-
tion of the Army. If we pass this bill as it
Btands it will be no reduction, but a redndio ad
absurdum.
Now, let us see further about the argument
that these officers shall not be discharged. In
the first place General Hulleck left the Army
before the war and went into the law to serve
his own interests after he had been educated
at the public expense. I have nothing to say
against him. But when he was in the Army
he wrote two or three military books. I do
not pretend to say whether he is a man to be
selected to be discharged or not. I am not
going to discuss personally any of these officers.
I only say that if we cannot begin here with
our reduction—with these general officers—
if there is not nerve enough in this Congress
to stand up here and now, you might as well
throw this bill into the fire and go home.
What is our proposition? To strike out
these generals ? Out from what ? Simply
because they are no longer needed for the ser-
vice. Seven years ago some of them were
captains, quartermasters, and right glad to have
those positions. At the end of six years what
do we propose to say to them? "We say we
do not want to saddle the people of the coun-
try with your salaries any longer." My friend
from Ohio agrees they are not needed ; the
Military Committee agrees also ; but it is said
we must let them down easy. Sir, who will
let the tax-burdened people down easy ? Why
should we pension these men ? We have edu-
cated them all, given them a thorough educa-
tion, and I was about to say if they cannot
make a living, what are our poor volunteers
to do who left their homes and their colleges,
with their education unfinished, and went into
the war, and having fought it through were
then thrust out of the Army without education,
without preparation, without position, without
any saving clause whatever, many of them
without arms or without legs, and with gaping
wounds? You gave them fifteen dollars a
month at most, but when you come to the man
who is receiving $12,000 or $15,000 a year you
must treat him very gently. Why? Because
he has somebody heie to speak for him.
Now let us have it understood, if we pro-
pose to pass this bill let us begin with the pow-
erful men, these major generals, and deal with
them first, not harshly, but simply say to them,
"Your services are no longer needed; you
have done well; we give you full recognition
of your services; we have done so by continu-
ing you in your places more than throe years
after the war is ended with nothing for you to
do ; we have had to make military provision
for you by giving you commands, but from this
time you, as military officers, with your staffs
or military households are to cease."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to oppose the
amendment, and to say simply before making
a motion, that it is the opinion of the commit-
tee that these officers-  
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 1 withdraw the
amendment to enable the gentleman to renew it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I renew it. It will take
some time to reduce the Army as provided in
this bill, and during that time a large number
of experienced officers are certainly needed in
the large departments we now have and the
extended number of posts. There are nearly
twelve hundred separate military posts now
occupied by troops of the United States. And
in addition to the reasons given, we thought it
would be violent and almost in bad faith to
strike down the officers at once.
Having said these few words, I move to close
debate on this section.
The motion was agreed to.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, (renewed by Mr. Gab-
field,) and it was agreed to.
The question was next on the motion of Mr.
Cart, to amend the substitute for the section
offered by Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, by
striking out " General of the Army" and
inserting "President of the United States."
Mr. BOYER demanded the yeas and nays.
The questiou was put on ordering the yeas
and nays; and there were 13 in the affirmative
and 71 in the negative.
So (one fifth not voting in the affirmative)
the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BOYEii. I would inquire if a quorum
voted ?
TheSPEAICEB. It does not need a quorum.
By constitutional provision one fifth of those
present can order the yeas and nays. If there
were only fifteen members present three could
order the yeas and nays.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, as a
substitute for the fourth section.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will ask if the gentle-
man will not consent to let the vote be taken
to-morrow when we have a fuller House.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can attain
his object by moving to reconsider if the amend-
ment shall be adopted.
The question was taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
The Clerk then read the fifth section, as fol-
lows.
Sbc.5. And be it further enacted. That no vacancy
shall hereafter be filled in theotflcc of brigadiergon-
eral until the number of brigadier generals shall bo
less than eight, and thereafter there shall be but eight
brigadier generals.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the sec-
tion by striking out the word "eight," in the
two places where i t occurs, and inserting11 five."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out all after the enacting words of the
section and to insert in lieu thereof what I send
to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Theroshallbe butsix brigadier generals, and the
officers who shall retain their commissions as such
shall be designated by tbo General of the Army
without regard to seniority, and all others shall bo
mustered out of service on the 1st day of January
next.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
care to debate it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do. I propose to op-
pose it. Mr. Speaker, all the answer that I
need to make to what is insisted upon by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
and others in reply to what I have before said
of the injustice of this summary mode of pro-
ceeding considered in a proper light, they have
answered themselves by going for the first two
sections of the bill. By their votes they admit
thata General is not needed in the organization
proposed for the Army. By their votes they
also admit that a Lieutenant General is not
needed. But, by their votes they say that in
the case of the General they will wait until a
vacancy occurs and then there shall be no future
General appointed; and by their votes they say
that in the case of the Lieutenant General, they
will let him continue in office until a vacancy
occurs and then no successor shall be ap-
pointed. The very principle, therefore, for
which I contend as being the principle that
pervades this bill, they themselves have sus-
tained in the first and second sections of the
bill. If it be right as to the General, if it be
not wrong as to the Lieutenant General, then
surely and on principle it is as right and as
far from wrong as applied to major generals
or to brigadier generals.
Mr. LOGAN. We want a head of the
Army.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman says we
want a head of the Army, Suppose that be
so; if you abolish your General you have the
Lieutenant General for the head of the Army ;
if you abolish the Lieutenant General you have
the senior major-general; if you abolish the
major generals you have the senior brigadier
general; and so on. Therefore that consid-
eration is entitled to no weight. Do what you
may, you still have a head of the Army ;
muster out or retain, in either case there
would be some officer remaining senior to all
the rest. So that does not answer my propo-
