2928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June &,
to those States any farther than that authority
exists iu reference to States now represented
upon this floor? And yet is it seriously con-
tended, does any man suppose, that these
States will admit that any condition which you
may annex to their right of representation will
be binding upon them? When once they have
representatives on this floor and in the other
House -of Congress, and they meet in State
convention, will they not have the same powers
as States that the other States of the Union
have? Cannot the people of Maine and New
Hampshire and the other States meet to-mor-
row in State convention and say who shall be
voters within those States, and cannot they
base a distinction between voters or the qual-
ification of voters upon color or race, intelli-
gence, property, or anything else? Why does
this result? It is because the people of those
States, acting in their sovereign capacity, have
the right to determine the character of their
own political institutions. There is no warrant
of authority in my friend's worn-out instrument
which he has dragged out from some dark hole
and brought in here before the Senate of the
United States—the Constitution, or what was
once the Constitution, of the United States—
there is no authority in that old, worn-out, and
discarded instrument to interfere with the exer-
cise of just State authority. When these States
get here with their representatives, what power
have you to expel their representatives because
they have disregarded this fundamental (I
believe it is so called) condition which you
choose to annex, not to their admission or
their readmission into the Union, and not to
their right of representation either, but to the
fact of their being admitted on this floor. It
is not even a condition annexed to the right
of representation, but it is a condition annexed
to the fact. Having the power to keep out
their representatives here and in the other
House of Congress, in the exercise of your
power you say to them, "You are out, we are
in, and we will keep you out until these fund-
amental principles are adopted."
Looking at this question, sir, with the eyes
of a lawyer, I confess that while I once thought
I knew something of the law if I stay in this
body much longer I expect to forget what little
I ever did know. I say so with all due respect
to gentlemen, because I hear so many wild
notions advanced ; things told me as law that
I never heard of away down in that benighted
country from whence I came; things told me
as constitutional law which 1 can find in none
of the teachings of the fathers, which I never
heard until this great and glorious and mag-
nificent party, six or eight years old, the party
of progress, of moral ideas, of economy, of
retrenchment, of reform, of freedom, through
the active agency of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts and the distinguished gentleman who
now presides over the deliberations of this
body, and other distinguished gentlemen,was
brought into existence! Then it was that all
the old landmarks were erased. Then it was
that all the teachings of the great and mighty
intellects^ ot the noble men who laid the found-
ations of this Government deep in the prin-
ciples of constitutional law and civil liberty
were forgotten, and new lights, rockets to be
sure, ay comets, flying rapidly through the air,
with more tail than head, blazed and lighted
up the political firmament! Then it was that
we heard that there could be no republican
government in the sense of the Constitution of
the United States where Mr. Sambo was not
invited into the public councils to illuminate
by his superior wisdom the deliberations of the
representatives of States and of people! Then
it was that we heard it proclaimed throughout
the length and breadth of this land, under the
new regime, under the new political dispensa-
tion of which my friend from Maine, I believe,
is a high priest, that the founders of the Con-
stitution, the men who made your Government,
who put it in motion, who guided it on step by
step, were old fogies; that they were not up
to the spirit of the times. It is true that in the
short space of some seventy-five years we had j
grown to be one of the greatest and most
powerful nations of the earth. Peace was in
all our borders; plenteousness everywhere
abounded. Under the guidance of that good
old Democratic party which, thank God, is
not dead, but which Js living, striving, mov-
ing, and which, in November next, will meet
your standard-bearers and their followers and
make places for these States in the Union
as States of the Union, through the mighty
voice of the people. While that party guided
public affairs you ceased to be a comparatively
small territory, with a few millions of inhabit-
ants dotted along the Atlantic sea-board; you
extended from ocean to ocean, and from the
frozen regions to the torrid zone, until, like
Jeshurun, you waxed fat and kicked, and the
people, in a moment of blindness and folly,
listened to your siren voice of reform, retrench-
ment, liberty, and freedom. The public debt
was enormous in those days, you said; it
amounted to some ninety millions. You
have been in power a few years, and you have
run it up to billions. In your Chicago plat-
form, which nominated Lincoln and Hamlin,
you talked of freedom of speech and freedom
of the press; and you are the only party in
existence in this country that ever suppressed
a newspaper ; and you suppressed hundreds
of thetn. You talked of freedom of speech,
and you are the only party that has ever been
in existence in the United States which has
converted the public forts into bastiles. You
have illustrated your love of freedom by im-
prisoning citizens without warrant or author-
ity. • You have illustrated your regard for
freedom of the press by suppressing papers
which opposed your policy. You have illus-
trated your love of economy by squandering
millions and millions, and billions.
True, I may be answered that most of this
money has been expended iu suppressing what
you call a rebellion; but you know that hun-
dreds of millions have been squandered and
wasted through your extravagance, keeping up
your negro bureaus, and all such things foreign
from the nature of our system of Government.
And, sir, recently, in your convention at
Chicago, you resolved in favor of economy
once more! You declared that retrenchment
is needed, and you condemned the wasteful
extravagance of Andrew Johnson's administra-
tion. Andrew Johnson! Your President,
made so by you ! A man who cannot ^spend a
dollar unless you appropriate it; a man who
has not touched, and cannot touch a dollar,
even for the necessary purposes of the Govern-
ment, until you have appropriated it! The
wasteful extravagance of Andrew Johnson's
administration must be rebuked, and lo and
behold! you nominate a ticket to do that
thing!
I know, Mr. President, that these remarks
are foreign to the matter under consideration ;
but I see some of my good, reforming friends
kindly smile ; and you know we are told in the
Good Book to stir up the purer minds occa-
sionally by way of remembrance. I have just
been fulfilling that injunction of the Good
Book. [Mr. Morton rose.] Mr. President.
I will not detain my friend from Indiana much
longer. I know he has a sledge-hammer when
he comes ; but never mind, I have learned
to bear blows, and to receive his with great
pleasure.
I know that my friends here will not take
offense when I tell them (inasmuch as I know
they are very fond of the term) that I look on
all this legislation as merely ad interim, for the
time being, to last for a few days. Do you
suppose, sir, that the great American people,
North, if you please—those who never took up
arms against the Federal Government—when
they come to think upon and consider your
measures, will approve of putting the South
under the control of the negro population ? Do
you suppose they are going to let such legisla-
tion as that stand? No, sir. You will find
reformers—true reformers—coming up here.
It is said one of the best lessons that can be !
learned is to unlearn what you have learned I
amiss. They will learn to unlearn what you
have taught them amiss, and they will correct
yotir legislation. They will never allow the
people of the South to be placed permanently
under the control of their former Slaves, They
will not allow limitations to be imposed upon
some States of the Union as to their repre-
sentation upon this floor which are not imposed
on all the States of this Union; for if there be
one doctrine dearer to the American heart than
another, and especially dear to the great Dem-
ocratic heart, it is the equality of rights of the
people and the equality of the rights of the
States.
The other day you passed " A bill to admit
the State of Arkansas to representation in
Congress." What is its preamble? Whereas
Arkansas has done so and so ; that is, whereas
Arkansas has adopted a constitution republican
in form and has ratified the fourteenth proposed
amendment to the Constitution, therefore she
shall be entitled to representation. What is
the inference to be drawn from that? It has
passed, I know; but it is a kindred measure
to that now before the Senate, and hence I am
justified in alludingto it. What is the inference
to be drawn from such a preamble? Your
"whereas" is the reason for your action. You
do not simply do the act, but you assign the
reasons, and one of those reasons is that Ark-
ansas has adopted a proposed amendment to
the Constitution. The inference is thereby
irresistible that if Arkansas had no? adopted
the proposed amendment to the Constitution
you would not admit her to the right of rep-
resentation on this floor. Tell me where is
your authority in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States for putting the right of representa-
tion on this floor upon the ground that a State
has ratified any amendment of the Constitu-
tion or done any other preliminary act of that
sort? You can only do it by coming out man-
fully and saying, as my friend from Maine
says, that these States are out of the Union,
and therefore you can do what you please,
impose any conditions when you admit them
into the Union; but your bill does not do
that. I can understand that on his theory you
might in an act admitting Arkansas to repre-
resentation in the Union annex to it a funda-
mental condition, planting yourself upon the
doctrine that they were out of the Union, sub-
ject territory lying at your feet and subject to
your absolute will. I can understand that;
but the hypothesis on which your bill is based
] Js that they are States—States to-day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will my friend
allow me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am always glad to
hear my friend.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will call his
atteution to this preamble, and see what he
thinks of it:
"Whereas the people of Xorth Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, G-eorgia, i.e., have, iu pursu-
ance of the provisions of an act entitled 'An act for
the more efficient government of the rebel States,'
ifco., framed constitutions of government whirl* are
republican in form."
I ask the Senator what he thinks the indica-
tion from that preamble is ; whether they are
in or out?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will answer my
friend. Taking the bill as it stands by itself,
unconnected with any antecedent measure, I
would put this interpretation on it: you, say
that the people of North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, and other States, have done so and so,
thereby recognizing them as States; and I say
that you recognize them as States of the Union,
but as States which have not had governments
which you thought lepublican in form, and,
therefore, you passed an act for their more
efficient government, and to enable them to
create a republican government, still claiming,
however, that they were States. But the bill
you passed a year ago—your bill for recon-
struction—was a bill which totally denied the
existence of these States as political commu-
nities, and, as I attempted to show on a former
occasion, was destructive of all government, of
all property, all law ; and which was in itself a
