m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBB.
January 15,
under ordinary circumstances, but under some
circumstances they do. There is one from the
o -n.iioi's own State, ns I tun informed, who
receives about sixtaen thousand dollars i\ year.
Now, 1 apprehend that even if we should send
un admiral there—and 1 suppose that an admi-
ral would hardly be sent to fill one of these
subordinate offices—and pay him his shore-duty
pay, there would be a saving to the Govern-
ment of some thirteen thousand dollars in that
instance.
Mr. C HANDLER. If the Senator will allow
me, the highest salary paid to any consul in the
interior of Great Britain is $3,000 a year.
Mr. GillMES. "Salary;" but they get, in
addition to their salary, fees.
.Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; they are pro-
hibited from receiving fees, and are compelled
to pay over all their iees into the Treasury.
Mr. GRIMES. All of them?
Mr. C LI AN OLE II. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. I appeal to the Senator's
colleague on the Committee on Commerce
[Mr. Edmunds] to say whether that is so or
not.
Mr. CHANDLER. Except where they have
no salary. Where they have a salary they are
compelled to pay all the fees into the Treasury.
Mr. GRIMES. Ah, yes; but that is not the
case I put. That is not the case of the Sena-
tor's constituent who is a consul in the interior
of the island of Great Britain.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have but one constit-
uent who is a consul in the interior of Great
Britain, and his salary is fixed at $3,000 ayear,
and he can receive r.o fees at all under the law.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, Mr. President, I have
had my recollection refreshed, on this subject
since this session began by the gentleman who
has charge of that particular division of the
Fourth Auditor's office that relates to consuls,
and he called my attention to this particular :
case. Therefore, I would recommend the Sen- j
ator, when he undertakes to make attacks of 'j
that description, to look well to the armor ]|
with which he is furnished belore he makes the j'
attack. ;
Mr. President, it may be that the Senator
and his committee, if they were in charge of
the naval service, would reduce the expenses
of the Government by curtailing the expenses
of the Navy Department; and he seemd to
convey the idea that the Navy Department
had cost during the last year $47,000,000.
Why, sir, the Senator does not know what he
is talking about. He has confounded the ex-
penses of the Navy Department during the
last year with the appropriations that are asked
for by the Navy Department for the next year,
which are §17,000,000 iu excess of what was
expended last year—unnecessary estimates, in
the opinion, as I understand, of the Navy De-
partment itself, and it proposes to send to
Cougregs a second edition of estimates reduc-
ing the amount perhaps $20,000,000; I do not
know how much. These are estimates that
are made by the heads of bureaus, each of
•which, as it is in every department of the Gov-
ernment, is seeking to aggrandize itself, will-
ing to take all the money and all the men
under its subordination that it can possibly
secure, and the chief of the Department takes
up this agglomeration of estimates and sends
them all in here, and when they are aggre-
gated thejr amount to $47,000,000. When his
attention is called to it, he says, "This is
greatly in excess of the amount we spent last
year, $17,000,000 in excess of that amount,
and we do not need it, and I am going to send
to Congress another estimate cutting down this
one."
Now, sir, as I said before, it was not my de-
sire, nor the desire of any gentleman on the
Naval Committee, to interfere in the remotest
degree with the Committee on Commerce, and
I apprehend that no member of that commit-
tee, saving and excepting its chairman, ima-
gines that we have, in simply proposing to
Authorize the President of the. United States,
as *e shall if we pass this joint resolution, to
datatt a naval officer to perform consular duties,
subordinating him to the commercial laws of
the country i? he accepts the position.
Mr. SUMNER. I am inclined to think that
there can be no such consul iu the interior of
Great Britain as' the Senator from Iowa has
pictured. If there is any such consul there he
draws those large fees notwithstanding a spe-
cial provision in the consular and diplomatic
bill, approved July 2o, 1806, which prohibits
any such excess of salary. The provision is as
follows:
" That nil foes collected by any consul or commer-
cial agent not mentioned in scliedulo B or C, or by
any vice consul or commercial agent appointed to
perform their duties, or by any other person in their
behalf, shall be accounted for to the Secretary of
the Treasury in the same mode and manner as is
provided tor in section eighteen of tho act approved
August 18, 1836. entitled 'An act to regulate the
diplomatic and consular system of tho United States.'
Aud when the foes so collected by any such consul
or commercial agent amount to more than twenty-
five hundred dollars in any one yearover and above
tho exponses of offico rent and oloik hiro, to be ap-
proved by the Secretary of State, of which return
shall bo made to the Secretary of the Treasury, tho
excess for that year shall be paid to the Secretary of
tho Treasury, in tho mode provided for by said act."
Mr. MORRILL,of Vermont. Myown judg-
ment is that this consular system sadly needs
reformation. Iam notawarewhetherthe state-
ment of the Senator from Iowa in relation to
a consul in Great Britain is correct or not. I
believe it is. But whether it is or nof, it is
true that in various parts of Europe consuls are
receiving at the present moment a compensa-
tion equal'to $16,000 per annum, and they do
it in this way : notwithstanding we have a law
that provides a certain salary in one case and
a fixed amount ot fees in others that are to be
accounted for they go and take under them a
number of commercial agents and make bar-
gains with them that they are to perform their
duties for half the fees, for a third of the fees,
or a fourth, or even for nothing save the honor
of the position ; and that is the way they swell
the amount of their annual compensation. I
believe that the whole system is rotten, and
ought to be thoroughly reformed ; that the class
of men that represent us abroad are in some
instances a disgrace to the country ; that they
go abroad for pecuniary reasons; that they are
not men of eminent ability or character, or
with eminent qualifications to discharge their
duties. I am in strong hopes that some com-
mittee of this body ere the session closes will
bring forward a system of thorough reformation.
I have taken considerable pains to get some
facts and information on the subject, and hope
to contribute something to that end. I know
of other Senators that are at work in the same
direction. Therefore, I should not like to have
any piecemeal action oa the subject.
Mr. GRIMES. If the fact be as I have stated;
I want an opportunity of satisfying the Senate
of its accuracy. If it be not so, I ought to make
a retraction here on the floor of the Senate of
tne statement that I did make. I therefore
move that this matter be laid over until to-mor-
row in order that I may furnish the informa-
tion.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Ver-
mont says he believes this whole consular sys-
teai to be rotten. The present consular system
was adopted some years ago. Wherever the
fees were sufficient, or nearly sufficient, to pay
the salary ofa consul, a consul was established;
but there were little places where the fees were
merely nominal, and yet wlwre it was deemed
that the interests of commerce required a com-
mercial agent where consuls were not author-
ized by law. It may be, as the Senator from
Vermont has stated, that there are individual
cases where vice consulates have grown into
importance that were not of importance when
the present consular system was established,
and it may be that the whole consular system
requires revising. That is usually done once
in eight or ten years. It is possible it should
be done now ; but the attention of the Com-
mittee on Commerce has not been called by the
Secretary of State to the necessity of such a
revision, and hence it not having been brought
to the attention of the Committee on Com merce,
either by the Secretary of State or by petition
or otherwise, they have not given that subject
a careful revision within the last few years.
But, sir, with regard to this proposition of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, I did not
intend to comment upon it at all. I simply
moved its reference, where it belonged, to the
Committee on Commerce, supposing that no
man would object to that as a proper reference.
I desired to investigate it before that commit-
tee ; but the Senator from Iowa, the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, interposed
his objection, and hence I was compelled to
state why I thought the reference should be
made. This, as I said before, seems to be a
very innocent proposition 
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time
having arrived for the consideration of the
unfinished business of yesterday, it becomes
the duty of the Chair to call it up.
Mr. CONNESS. It will only take a fevr
moments to dispose of this.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will ask that the
special order be laid aside informally to enable
us to dispose of this subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust not. I shall object
to anything postponing tha regular order of
b u si n ess.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the unfinished business of yester-
day is before the Senate.
MESSAGE FIIOM THE HOTJSB.
A message from"the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhebson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 278) to provide for the
discontinuance of district land offices in cer-
tain cases;
A bill (H. R. No. 358) for The relief of the
settlers on the late Sioux Indian reservation, in
the State of Minnesota; and
A bill (II. R. No. 359) amendatory of the
homestead law.
CONTRACTION OF THE CDRRENOT.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 213) to suspend further reduction of the
•currency.
Mr. SPRAGUE addressed the Senate, and
concluded the speech yesterday commenced by
him. [See Appendix.]
Mr. SHERMAN. 5lr. President, anxious
as I am for the final vote on this bill, and not
to prolong the debate by introducing collateral
subjects, 1 must occupy the time of the Senate
for a few minutes in replying to some state-
ments that, have been made here which I deem
it my duty at once to challenge—statements
that have no proper connection with this
debate—and therefore I may be pardoned for
pursuing the course I have heretofore done,
of not paying any attention to them. My desire
has been to confine the debate simply to the
question of whether it is wise now to allow the
further contraction of the currency, and upon
this point, the main proposition, there is almost
a unanimity of opinion in the Senate that the
present currency of the country should not
now be contracted. That is the opinion of
nearly all in the Senate, and the opinion of
the House of Representatives, and also the
opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury, for
he ha3 informed ns by letter that he has not
the power now in the present condition of
affairs to contract, and that it is not his pur-
pose to contract the currency.
It may then be asked, and it has been asked,
why not leave the matter stand where it is?
The answer is that by law we have conferred
on theSecretary ofthe Treasuryadiscretionary
power, which has been exercised to the alarm-
ing extent of $140,000,000 in less than, two
years, including in the $140,000,000 over sixty
million dollars of United States notes. A
changed condition of affairs may take place ; a
new Secretary may be appointed, or cotiting. n-
cies may arise not now foreseen; and, as in
the opinion of Congress there can be no possi-
ble condition of affairs, within some months at
