404
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 1,
Ho, op Reps.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Maynard.
40ih Cose 2d Sess.
contracted, I do not know it. Gentlemen have
attempted to refine, upon the word •' treaty'' as
though it were limited in its scope. The word
treaty is a word belonging to international law,
and as old as the existence of nations. It
goes back to the time of Theseus and the
dem'i-gods. Our fathers understood it as well
as we understand it. It is a term that embraces
all intercourse between independent nations,
carried on in the name of the sovereign
Powers, a word of the largest, of the widest
import.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I would ask thegen-
tleman whether all contracts between nations
are treaties?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will answer the gentle-
man's' question.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. And then I wish to
ask another.
Mr. MAYNARD. All treaties between
nations are contracts under the sanction of the
sovereign power, and the word treaty embraces
leagues, alliances, pacts, conventions, confed-
erations, and various other terms which are
but subdivisions of the one great thing, the
sovereign intercourse of nations, or rather
the covenants between them made by the sov-
ereign authority.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Now, I would like
to ask the gentleman whether under our Con-
stitution a State has not a right to enter into a
treaty with a foreign nation with the consent
of Congress?
Mr. MAYNARD. No, sir; the language
is clear and positive 011 that point: " No State
shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or confed-
eration."
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Look further down.
Mr. MAYNAHD. "No State shall, with-
out the consent of Congress, lay any duty or
impost," &c. Our fathers in framing the
Constitution did not intend to trammel this
Government in its dealings with the other
nations of the world; did not intend to send
her forth on her national career cramped and
fettered in her intercourse with other peoples.
We have had an argument based upon the
extent, the magnitude of the treaty-making
power, and the possibility of its being abused.
All power is liable to abuse, and it does not
disprove its existence to show that it may be
abused. ]t is not a new argument, it has been
often used in relation to this power in the Con-
stitution, not only before the Constitution was
ratified, but since. 1 hold in my hand the
debates in the convention of Virginia, called
to pass upon the Constitution then just sub-
mitted to the States for ratification or rejection.
Among the ablest and most influential oppo-
nents of the newly-proposed scheme of Gov-
ernment was Patrick Henry. His revolu-
tionary fame, his great personal influence, and
his unrivaled oratory were arrayed against
what he regarded as little short of a surrender
of the recently-gained liberty. While this part
of the instrument was under discussion he
made use of language not unlike some things
uttered here to-day:
"BIr. Henry begged gentlemen to consider the con-
dition this country would bo in if two thirds of a
quorum should be empowered to makoatieat}—tliey
might lelinquish and alienate territorial rights and
ourmost valuable commercial advantages. In short,
it anything should be left us, it would be because the
President and Sonatoi-3 were pleased to admit it.
The power of making tieaties by this Constitution,
ill-guarded as it is, extended farther than it did in
any country in the world, treaties were to have
more force here than in any part of Christendom;
for he defied any gentleman to show anything so
extensive in any strong, energetic Government in
Bui ope. Treaties rest, says he, on tho laws and usages
of nations. To say thatthey are municipal, is, to me,
a doctrine totally novel. To make them paramount
to the consti tut ton and laws of the States is unpre-
cedented. I would give them tho same force and
obligation they have in Great Britain or any other
country in Europe. Gentlemen are going on in a
iatul career; but I hope they will stop before they
concede this power unguarded and unaltered.''
So spoke Patrick Henry of the treaty-making
power before the Constitution was adopted, and
in interpretation of that instrument and as a
reason why it should not be ratified by his
native Virginia. Other gentlemen spoke to
the same purpose. We have had precisely the
same argument repeated in this House I know
not how many times, and it has been repeated
again and again in this present debate. The
extent of the power was not controverted. It
was merely a question whether it was necessary
to a free government and was wisely located.
Mr. Madison, who took part in defense of the
article, did not deny the correctness of Mr.
Henry's interpretation of it, but contended it
was safest " to leave the power to be exercised
as contingencies might arise."
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. The gentleman did
not fully answer my question. I understood
him to say that all compacts with foreign Pow-
ers were treaties. I desire him to explain this
clause of our Constitution :
" No State shall, without tho consent of Congress,
enter into a eompact wifn a foreign Power."
Mr. MAYNARD. I read this clause:
" Thait.no Staff shall enter into any treaty, alliance,
or confederation.''
That cited by the gentleman reads as fol-
lows :
"No State shall, without the consent of Congress,
lovy any duty of tonnage, keep troops or ships of
war in time of pence, enter into any agreement or
compact with another State or with a foreign Power,''
&c.
If the gentleman will pardon me, I did not
use the term compact or agreement. I said
that the term ''treaty" was used where that
word alone is used as a general term, nomen
generalissimum, to include all diplomatic nego-
tiations, and all contracts madeby the sovereign
authority. The treaty-making power, where
ever it resides, is one of the attributes of sov-
ereignty.
Air. LOUGHRIDGE. I want the gentle-
man to explain the difference between a com-
pact and a treaty.
Mr. MAYNARD. If that wasatall import-
ant in the present debate, I would answer the
gentleman that a treaty is a compact, though
not every compact is a treaty. A treaty is an
act of sovereignty. A compact may or may
not be. But as 1 have only a limited time,
and the difference is one readily found by refer-
ring to the elementary books 011 the subject, I
trust lie will excuse me for not devoting more
attention to that collateral point.
In 179(3, after the Federal Government went
into operation, the anti-Federalists of that day,
the opponents of the Government, the oppo-
nents of General Washington and of his admin-
istration, organized an attack upon it, under
cover of assailing a treaty of amity and com-
merce that had been negotiated by Mr. Chief
Justice Jay with Great Britain, availing them-
selves of tho antipathy felt in this country
toward that Power. That debate infrequently
referred to. Speeches made on the one side
or the other are cited. It is alluded to in
the report of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs upon this bill, by both the majority and
the minority. Gentlemen have quoted at large
from it in thisdiscussion. Commentators upon
tho Constitution have appealed to it as a con-
temporaneous exposition, and therefore in-
structive, if unauthoritative. As a precedent,
a decision is valuable for what is decided,
rather than for the arguments or the reasons
supportingit. So the action upon Jay's treaty,
as it is called, is more important than the dis-
cussion ; what was done than what was said.
Now, let us see exactly what was done. I
have before me the Journal of the House of
Representatives, by which it appears that after
a long debate in Committee of the Whole, the
House, by something like twenty majority,
called upon President Washington for the in-
structions, correspondence, and other docu-
ments connected with the negotiation of the
treaty. General Washington met the call by
a point blank refusal, sending in a special mes-
sage, in which he argued the general question.
I will cite a single passage as applicable to
much that has been said of the alleged secrecy
with which tho- Russian treaty was negotiated:
"Xhe nature of foreign negotiations requires cau-
tion,and theirsucccss must otten depend on secrecy;
and oven when brought to a conclusion a lull dis-
closure of Ml the measures, demands, or eventual
concessions which may have been proposed or con-
templated, would bp extremely impolitic; lor tms
might have a pernicious influence on future negotia-
tions, or produce immediate inconveniences, perhaps
danger and mischief in relation to other Powers.
Tho necessity ot such caution and secrecy was ono
cogent reason for vesting the power of making treaties
in tho President, with the advice and consent of tile
Senate; the principle onwhich that body wasforraed
confining it to a small number of members.
Having been himself a member of the Fed-
eral Convention which framed the Constitution,
and familiar with the principles which pervaded
it, and the reasons of its different provisions,
he made himself a witness and spoke from per-
sonal knowledge. In conclusion he adds:
"If other proofs than these, and the plain letter
of the Constitution itself, be necessary to ascertain.
the point under consideration, they may be found in
the Journals of the General ConventionwhichI have
deposited in tho office of the Department of State.
In those Journals it will appear that a proposition
was made 'that 110 treaty should be binding on the
United States which tons not ratified by a law,' ana
that tho proposition was explicitly rejected."
In this connection I will read a sentence
from the minority report of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs:
"George Washington, tho President, in answer to
the resolution, declined to give tho information
sought for, maintaining tho doctrinc that the House
had nothing to do in the matter, but ho was over-
ruled by a vote of 57 to 35."
George Washington overruled upon a ques-
tion of constitutional law ! Overruled by a
show of numbers or counting of noses! We
have historical examples other than this of
men being thus overruled and more emphatic-
ally. The Saviour of the world was overruled
by the majority of numbers and went to his cru-
cifixion. The apostles and martyrs were con-
stantly o\erruled and suffered death in conse-
quence. Socrates was overruled and drank the
hemlock. Lulher was overruled. And so was
Galileo; and so have the great leaders of
thought and opinion been overruled in all time.
Washington was overruled less effectually than
they, if, indeed, it is doing justice to affirm
that he was overruled, or his authority as a
public jurist in the least contravened.
Now, let us see precisely what was done.
Washington peremptorily declined to give the
information called for, and assigned his reasons
for so doing. The House took the subject
under consideration, and again went into Com-
mittee of the Whole. After debate they came
out and adopted this resolution, which 1 beg
to read:
" Jlrsolvetl, Thatitbeingdeclaredby thesecond sec-
tion of the second aiticleof the Constitution that' the
President shall have power, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided
two thirds of the Senators present concur,' the Houso
of Iteprcseiuativcs do not claim any agency in mak-
ing tieaties: but that when atreaty stipulates regu-
lations on any of tho subjects submitted by the Con-
stitution to the power of Congress, it must depend
for its ratification as to such stipulations on alaw or
laws to be passed by Congress: and it is the consti-
tutional right and duty ot the House of Representa-
tives 111 allsuchcasestodehberateonthe expediency
or inexpediency of carrying such treaty into effect,
and to determine and act thereon as in their judg-
ment may be most conducive to tho public good."
In the precise terms of that resolution I
should hav« no objection to voting for it my-
self. But the debate shows, and it is a part of
the history of our country, that at that time
originated the doctrine which, transmitted by
lineal descent, attained full and logical devel-
opment at four o'clock on the morning of the
12th of April, 1861, in the first gun thatopeued
upon Fort Sumter. This was the doctrine of
State rights in opposition to the doctrine of
Federal nationality—the doctrine of secession,
the doctrine of disunion, inculcated by every
variety ot' teaching 011 all possible occasions
in connection with every conceivable topic,
until it resulted, as we have seen, in civil war;
the doctrine being civil war inchoate, and civil
war being the doctrine complete; one t-he
