1-868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
3800
declaration of the dissolution of society in all
these States. But taking the preamble to this
bill by itself, I should take it that the drafts-
man of the bill had in view what I have some-
times heard on this floor, "disorganized
States."
We live to learn, Mr. President. We have
learned a great many things during the discus-
sions upon these so-called reconstruction meas-
ures and measures of a kindred character;
things that we never dreamed of in our early
days, which our fathers never taught us, which
the wise men who went before us never left a
record of an opinion on. But we hear them
now, and we must meet them, and meet them
as they are presented t,o us.
Mr. President, I did not intend to say one
tenth as much as I have sai«L Allow me now
to say iu conclusion; that, in my judgment, no
State that was ever in the Union has been out
of the Union. You fought secession four long
years on that principle. Your declarations on
that subject were uniform during the existence
of the war. Being in the Union when hostil-
ities ceased, the right existed inherently in the
people there to meet in conventions and frame
their constitutions, so that there should be no
provision in them repugnant to the Constitution
of the United States; andfhey had the right,
under the terms and provisions of the Federal
■Constitution, to immediate representation on
this floor, without the let or hinderance of the
Federal Congress; and the only right and the
onlyauthorityyou had in the premises was, when
their representatives were presented here, to
inquire whether they had the constitutional
•qualifications. You have not done so. If you
had acknowledged that right when peace was
restored, when the clangor of arms was no
longer heard, when not an armed soldier was
to be found in all that country, you would have
Lad these States long ago not only in the
Union, as they always have been, but repre-
sented on this floor, and you would_ have had
your Government going on harmoniously, the
people happy and contented, and as prosper-
ous as a people could be after such a long and
devastating war. You have got to come to
that yet, sir. You cannot subvert the laws of
the Almighty. You cannot place the degraded
African above the white man. You cannot so
legislate as to place that class of people over
the whites. Although I do not charge indi-
viduals with having a design personally to see
the white race degraded, yet such is the effect
<of this legislation, because you know that under
your enactments it must be so necessarily.
With a large portion of the southern people
excluded from the right of voting, the blacks
■enfranchised, and in some States being more
numerous than the whites, you know that in
some States, at least, the local legislation must
be under the control of the negro race accord-
ing to your measures.
And pray, sir, have you had no examples of
the state of society which must exist iu those
communities when you shall have accomplished
your purposes V Have you forgotten the mid-
night parades in this city? Have you forgot-
ten the disturbances, the murders, that have
occurred in the capital of the nation ? And do
you suppose that in the South, when the ne-
groes are armed with the political power of
those communities, the state of society will not
be equally bad ? Mr. President, I have but
one hope for my country and the prosperity of
Miy country as against 37our—you will allow me
to say it., for I absolutely believe it—unwise
legislation, and that is that the animosities and
the bitter feelings engendered by the war
cannot always last; the feeling of kindness,
the sense of justice will after a wnile not only
plant itself in the great public heart and stir
and move the great public soul, but it will
find expression in popular action through the
agency of the ballot-box. Much of the strite
engendered by the war, much of the animosi-
ties then aroused has passed away ; it is daily
passing away; and now, from one end of
the country to the other, the grand inquest of
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 184.
the nation is sitting upon the wisdom or folly
of your action here. They are giving out some
feeble indications of what their verdict will be
in November next. From the Pacific there
comes a voice admonishing you of the. judg-
ment of the people upon the Pacific slope.
Wherever elections have been held, the indi-
cations are that your policy is to be repudiated,
that wiser counsels are to prevail, that the
spirit of justice and the love of justice is again
to influence and control the action of the peo-
ple ; and the prospect is bright. I will say to
my friend from Indiana before I feel the weight
of his blows, that in November next the people
will not only sit in judgment upon your action,
but that they will condemn it, and that a wiser
policy will he inaugurated, and that we shall
indeed have hereafter, if not through your
agency, through that of others, a restored
Union and a happy and contented people.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, 1 will say
a word in answer to the Senator from Dela-
ware, and then I propose to offer an amend-
ment to this bill. The Senator from Delaware
concludes by saying that the prospect of the
party opposed to the Republican party or the
party of the Union, is bright, and that they
expect to gain the victory next fall. I would say
to my friend from Delaware and to my friend
from Maryland, also, that they should be care-
ful how they denounce negro suffrage and talk
about Sambo, for the prospect now is that on
the next 4th of J uly, they will be placed on a
platform of universal suffrage and universal
amnesty, and we shall then find our friends
engaged in the pleasing occupation of proving
that they always stood there. [Laughter.]
It is a little remarkable, Mr. President, that
whenever any allusion is made to placing the
negro upon a political equality with the white
man, they call it placing him over the white
man; thereby conceding, as they do, that if he
is made equal to the white man in political
rights he will become his superior. I have
never insulted the white race in that way. I
have always supposed that they were capable
of taking care of themselves; especially when
their numbers were equal, and certainly when
they were superior; but Senators are con-
stantly admitting and aflirming the superiority
of the black race, by saying that it is putting
the black man above the white man, whenever
you put the black man simply on a political
equality. They have lived among the negro
racc more than I have; they perhaps know
them better than I do; they seem to distrust
the ability of the white man and to stand in
dread of the ability of the black man ; there-
fore they look upon political equality as
equivalent to putting the negro over the white
man. That may answer as a description of
the capacity of the whites of Maryland, and
even of those of the State of Delaware, but it
will not answer for that portion of the white
raee with which I am acquainted.
Mr. President, we hear this constant decla-
mation against the degraded negro race, igno-
rant, imbruited, and half civilized. I would say
to the southern men that there ought to be a
sense of modesty, there ought to be a feeling
which should, at least, prevent them now from
slandering the colored mau. After having in
their States forbidden by law, made it a pen-
itentiary offense to teach the negro to read and
write, after having withheld from him all the
means of education and intelligence, after hav-
ing degraded him by slavery on their part, and
after they have lived oh his labor iorgenerations,
labor unpaid for, labor which has never even
been remembered in gratitude, after they have
lived off him for generations and grown rich
and proud, it ill becomes the southern people
now to slander and traduce the negro, if he
is degraded, they have made him so ; slavery
has made him so. If he is^ ignorant, they have
made him so by making it a crime to teach
him to read and write. And now, after he has
won his liberty, after be has tailed^ to go into
insurrection and commit deeds ot blood, but
has patiently, intelligently, waited his time,
and bow comes out a freeman, with no other
antipathy to his late master except that he
shall not be again reenslaved, it is in bad taste
for the southern people to denounce him as
ignorant, uncivilized, and imbruited.
Now, Mr. President, allow me to say one
word in answer to my friend from Maryland.
He again adverted to the question of the guar-
antee of a republican form of government, and
insisted that we have no right uuder the Con-
stitution to reconstruct the governments of
these States as we are trying to do, and he read
a paper from Madison, which I think my friend
misunderstood, to show that there must be an
antecedent government of the same character
with the one we propose to establish by our
method of reconstruction. The Constitution
says that the United States shall guaranty to
each State a republican form of government.
There is no mistake about the language. It is
a plain phrase. It uses the word " guaranty,"
a law term, the meaning of which is well set-
tled and well defined and understood, at least
by every lawyer. What is the contract of guar-
anty ? It is to undertake to do something in
ease so mebody else does not. It is a collateral
undertaking as distinguished from an original
undertaking, as lawyers would say. To guar-
anty a debt is to agree to pay the debt pro-
vided the original debtor does not, not to pay
it in the first place, but to pay it if lie does not.
That is the guarantee of a debt. Now, what is it
it for this government to guaranty a republican
form of government to a State? It is the duty of
the States themselves to maintain a republican
form of government in the same sense as it is
of the maker of a note to pay his own debt;
but if the State fails to maintain a republican
form of government the United States, as tho
guarantor, must come in and use such means,
resort to such instrumentalities, and, if neces-
tary, raise up such persons to the right of suf-
frage as will enable the Government of the
United States to maintain a republican form of
government in the State, and thus execute the
guarantee. There is no mistake about it. That
is the sense in which it was put into the Con-
stitution; and that is the simple original sense
in which that power has been resorted to by the
Congress oftiie United'Staies.
My friend from Delaware is in great trouble
as to whether these States are in or out. of the
Union. If we say that they are still in the
Union, he imagines that there is a great
Radical difficulty ; that if they are still in the
Union and have been all the time they must
ex necessitate from the very beginning be
entitled to Senators and Representatives in
Congress. No such thing, sir. A people may
have been in rebellion and destroyed their own
State governments so tbatthey could not elect
Senators. They have been in rebellion and
arms, so that they have no right to send a rep-
resentative here according to the common
principles of justice and of loyalty; and it is
when a State is in that condition that this
clause of the Constitution comes in and covers
it, that the United States shall guaranty to
each State a republican form of government.
What is that? That clause does not apply to
Territories, and never did. You never heard
of Congress assuming the power to govern a
Territory by virtue of that clause. It applies
to States, and to States only, and in such a
case it gives this Government the right to in-
tervene and to reestablish State governments
upon such terms as will secure the future peace
and safety of the Republic and will exclude
from power the men who have overwhelmed
the country with blood and with a vast squan-
dering of treasure. Enough upon that point,
Mr. President. I shall offer the following
amendment to the amendment of the com-
mittee, as additional sections:
And be it further enneted, That it shall be the duty
of the commanding generaisof theditierent military
districts m which &aid States are situated, to cause
all oi)icer.s duly elocted under the constitution of
cither of said States, notdisquahfied as hereinafter
provided, to be installed into their respective 0111003
within twenty days after the passage oi tois a ot. &uu
