1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
40tii Coxg....2d Sess.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Maijtiard.
Ho. of Reps.
germ and the^ other the fruit. For myself, I
sliould thmk it saier to be wrong with Wash-
ington than to be right -with Calhoun, sup-
ported by all t,he doctors ofthe secession school.
The report of the minority of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs in this case cites its
authorises as they are called, dismissing Chan-
cellor Kent and Judge Story with such lan-
guage as this :
,, Th° minority of tlio committee is not unaware
that so high judicial authority as Judge Story and
Chancellor Kent have to some extent taken the
ground now combated."
Then we have citations from William B.
Giles, Professor Tucker, the commentator of
Blackstone, and, for aught 1 know, John Tay-
lor of Caroline—John C. Calhoun should have
been added to the list—men who originated
this pernicious heresy, who have taught it, and
under whose teachings it has grown and flour-
ished and brought forth its legitimate fruit.
_ General Washington, as I understand the
history ofthe times, was a Federalist; a term
which, though it afterward came to be oppro-
brious as a political designation, meant in his
day precisely what the term ''Union man"
means in ours. lie was in favor of the Fed-
eral Union and its paramount national author-
ity against what was called State allegiance
and State sovereignty, and the loose, vague,
ill-defined theory of Federal power which, under
the name of strict construction, was invented
by the enemies of the Union after it had
once been established and in operation. That
element obtained in a few years the political
control of the Government and had much to
do in managing its affairs until the power was
about to pass out of its hands, and then it put
its peculiar doctrines into practice. Wo had
a demonstration of State rights, the right of
secession, and peaceable disunion. If it is
permitted to regain the possession of the Gov-
ernment, as there is certainly great danger of
its doing, we shall see the same thing repeated.
Foremost among the opponents of Jay's
treaty was Mr. Jefferson. .Not willing directly
to assail General Washington, who was popu-
lar, he charged what he called the heretical
doctrines upon Mr. Hamilton, who was un-
popular. Afterward, however, he materially
changed his own views when transferred from
opposition to administration. In 1803 he found
himself in such a position that it was con-
venient to make a treaty for the acquisition of
the teiritoiy of Louisiana. Being apprehen-
sive that unless the territory was then secured
England would step in and snatch it away from
us, and not having, as he said, time to assem-
ble Congress and consult them, he privately
sent Mr. Livingston and Mr. Monrop to Paris
and negotiated the treaty by which we acquired
that immense domain. This tieaty, it appears,
was not communicated to this House for twelve
months after its ratification. Yet it was exe-
cuted, and the money agreed on was paid.
And from the beginning every treaty that has
been made and ratified by two thirds of the
Senate by which we have gained new territory
lias been followed by appropriate legislation,
notwithstanding there has been from time to
time the same opposition precisely which is
exhibited in the present debate. Two treaties
only have we made by which wo_ parted with
territory ; perhaps the two treaties wo have
the least to admire or be proud of. I refer of
course to the treaty by which a large portion
of the State of Maine was relinquished to the
neighboring Power of Great Britain; and
that which at a later time surrendered to the
same Power the Pacific coast fiom the 49° to
the 54° 40' of north latitude. Suppose in
both cases we had followed the policy of
"masterly inactivity, " and let the disputed
country settle itselt. Why, sir, we should have
held our eastern frontier, and had every foot
of coast-line from Lower California to Bchring
straits. The men of that day thought other-
wise and so agreed Congress, and the country
have accepted the obligations as a part of the
supreme law of the land.
I hold, therefore, a treaty, when negotiated
and ratified by the Senate, becomes obliga-
tory upon the American people and has the
force of law. I do not mean that it takes
money out of the Treasury or supersedes the
neeeessity of a specific appiopriation by Con-
gress. It does not. Whatever the treaty stip-
ulates to be done, to pay money, raise a com-
mission, or maintain a fleet, it does not execute
| itself. It requires legislation to carry it into
| effect^ If it undertake to establish a joint
j commission for the trial of pirates we must
j provide for the commissioner on our part and
J raise and appropriate the money to pay him,
j If it stipulates, as did the Ashbnrfon treaty,
i for keeping upon the coast of Africa an ade-
quate naval force for the suppression of the
slave trade, legislation is required to build, to
arm, and man the ships, and to provision and
I pay the officers and men. We can, if so in-
: clined, refuse to execute the stipulations by
| withholding the appropriation, because all
| revenue bills must originate in this House.
But what does that prove? Simply that the
faith of the nation is in our keeping. The
execution or non-exeeution of treaty stipula-
tions, as well as of every other undertaking in
the name of the United States, devolves upon
us as the law-making department of the Gov-
ernment. It is a question of good faith, of
what in private affairs is called integrity, hon-
esty, uprightness, and names of similar import.
Mr. SPALDING. We do not differ widely ;
but I want to understand the gentleman in his
present train of argument. Does he mean to
say the money included in this treaty for the
acquisition of Alaska, that treaty having been
approved by the Presidentandcoufirmed by the
I Senate, atid the necessary interchanges having
taken place between the two sovereignties,
does he mean to sa.y that stands as a debt of
the nation, and we have the same right to with-
hold appropriation as we would have for any
other debt of the Governmeut?
Mr. MAYNARD. Undoubtedly.
Mr. SPALDING. And no other power.
Mr. MAYNARD. No other. We can refuse
to pay taxes and make appropriations for the
payment of every bond, principal and interest,
issued in the name of the United States, and
of every other debt, no matter how contracted,
upon just the same principles as we can disre-
gard the undertaking of a treaty. 1 will refer
to that subject again.
It is said that the power to bind the nation
by treaty is a very great power, and the Presi-
dent and Senate might, by the misuse of it,
bring great disaster, if not ruin, upon the
country, and subvert the whole scheme of our
Government. Many possible inconveniences
, have been suggested. That is not a new argu-
: ment. It was made in opposition to the British
I Commeicial Convention of 1815. Mr. Pink-
| ney, who was a member of the House, replied
| to it, and I will send to the Clerk's desk an
! extract from his speech to be read ;
j The Clerk read as follows :
• "Many esti erne cases hare been put for illustration
; in til is debate; and this is one of them; anil i take
, the occasion which it offers to mention thattoaiguo
I Irom extreme cases is seldom logical, and upon a
i question of interpretation never so. We (\m only
' bring back the means of delusion, if we wander into
[ the regions of fiction, and explore the wilus of bare
possibility in scaieh of lales lor leal Hie and aclual
: ordinary cases. By arguing from the possible abuse
! of power against the use or existence uf it. you may
! and must come to the conclusion that tlicro o:v:ht
' not to be, and is not. any government m 111 i,■ country
or in the world. Disorganization and anarchy are
: the sole consequences tliate.m bededuccd fiom such
' reasoning. "Who is it that may not abuse the power
! that has been confided to him? May not wo, abweil
as the other branches of the Government? And. if
j we may, does not the argument from extreme cases
i piove that wo ought, to have no power, and that we
: have no power?"
; Mr. MAYNARD. In further response to my
j friend from Ohio, [Mr. Si'ALlsixu,] I ask to
1 intioduce, as expressive of my own views, apart
of a letter addressed to m,e by a valaed-eor*
respondent, formerly a member of this IJouae,
and now abroad, and asjj: that it be read.-
The Clerk read as follows:
. "1. The treaty-ma king j>oweris vested exclusively
m the President and the Senate, and a treaty mado
and ratified by them in due form is a pait ofthe
supremo law of the land; Whether this was a wise
provision is a political question not now involved,
but which was fieely discussed in framing andadopt-
mgthc Constitution.
"2. Adebt contracted or any money-promise mado
by sucu a trea.ty necessarily occupies precisely ,tho
same position as any other public debt or money
engagement entered into by law.
"3. Therefore the House has precisely the same
power over such a debt as it has over the bonds for a
public loan maturing in 1882. They cannot be paid
without an appropriation, and tlio appropriation
cannot be mado without the consent of the House.
In neither case can tho orcditor sue, obtain judg-
ment, and have exeoution awarded. In both eases
tho only security is public faith and public sense of
justice.
"4. A treaty which creates or defines theri«hts of
certain persons in or to certain things may be directly
acted upon by tho court", which must take judicial
noticc of it as a part of tho law of tho land. But a
tieaty which promises that somethingshall be done,
internationally or infra territorially, whether thepay-
ment of money, tho passage of a law, or any other
act, cannot bo executed by tho courts, but is only a,
promisoby fine sovereign to an equal sovereign, with
no guarantee but that of good faith, and depends
upon tho political department of the Government
for its execution.
"5. in most countries, as in England, tho treaty-
making power, embracing the power, of course, to
promise whatever ean be promised by a treaty, is
vested exclusively in the Crown, while performance
of tho promise depends often on the concurrence of
Parliament. In our easo the full power to promise,
to assume in such form as that the engagement is a
part of tho supromo law of tho land, (which is notso
in England and othercountrics,)is with tho President
and Senate, whiiePrcsidcnt, Senate, and House must
concur in perfoim.rticc. But tho name to begiven to
non-pcrformanr.e, after a ratification by the Senate,
is the same in tlio case of a treaty and of a bond for
money, commonly called repudiation."
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Do I understand that
those are the views of Mr. Madison?
Mr. MAYNARD. No, sir; they are the
views of a gentleman now a,broad, a corre-
spondent of mine, whose name, for obvious
reasons, I withhold. As they express suc-
cinctly my own views, I have presented them
in that form, adopting them for convenience.
Mr. MILLER. What is the name of the
writer?
Mr. MAYNARD. I prefer, as I stated, to
withhold the name. We are ail aware that
a treaty stipulation to pay money is only a
usual and ordinary one. Such a stipulation,
made under the authority of the United States
by the President, and ratified by the Sen-
ate, becomes an obligation of as high a char-
acter as can be assumed by this Government.
Yet, like every other obligation, it may not be
binding, because it may have been incurred
under duress or by fraud, or through a mistake;
or there may have been a partial or complete
failure of consideration, or a breach by tho
other party. I suppose this nation would
hardly plead either infancy or coverture. But
an obligation fraudulently obtained, or obtained
under a condition known in law as duress, or
attended with such manifest abuse of authority
as to affect with notice the other high contract-
ing Power, we might disregard ; and whenever
such an obligation, so tainted, shall be pre-
sented to this House I shall be prepared to
disregard it, and then to vote a declaration of
war the next day. It would be an act of a
hostile character, the legitimate result of which
would be war. To repudiate the obligation
because it is a hard or improvident bargain-
in a word, a bad trade—because the money
borrowed upon the bond was not needed, or
was misapplied, or because, as is urged in this
case, the territory acquired is not wanted, this
is bad faith, pure and simple; the meanest
and most ignoble species of' perfidy.
I do not, therefore, agree with a portion of
themajority reportoftheCommittee on Foreign
Affairs accompanying this bill, and I am soriy
to see that they thought it. nece_ssary, in pre-
paring their zeport, to indicate in advance the
specific cases when in their judgment it wouid.
