1868.
Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
least, to justify a farther contraction of the
currency, it is wise to withdraw from the Sec-
retary tlie power conferred on bin by the
existing law to contract the currency. That i
is nil there is in the proposition, and if the vote j
had been taken upou that proposition standing j
by itself the Senate, as toe other House has
been, would have been nearly unanimous ; but
a great many collateral matters have been
drawn into this discussion. For instance, my
honorable friend from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
offered another proposition, which struck me
as somewhat singalar. It is admitted by him
and by everybody else that there is no power
to contract the currency except what is given
by the act of April 12, 1866, which limits that
power to $4,000,000 a month. The amend-
ment reported by the Finance Committee
simply takes away that power. Now, there is
no power in the Secretary of the Treasury to
cancel a single United States note except what
is derived from that one law, and when that is
repealed he has no power whatever over the
subject of the currency so far as it consists of
United States notes; but as Senators around
me thought that this language, simply with-
drawing that power, was not strong enough,
and that we ought to go a little further and
prohibit him from further reducing the cur-
rency, the committee yielded to that desire-and
proposed an amendment which will not only
withtiraw from him the power to reduce, but
will prohibit him from reducing the currency;
and that is the way the ease now stands before
the Senate, if this amendment be adopted, so
that the only question presented to us is, Shall
we withdraw from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury the power to reduce the present volume of
United States notes or shall we not?
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him just at that point what, then, is the
difference between the amendment reported by
the committee and the bill as it comes from
the House of Representatives?
Mr. SHERMAN. I stated that when I was
up before. The bill as it came from the House
of Representatives would prevent the cancel-
lation of mutilated and defaced notes. The
language of the House will answer my purpose
(for I do not stop to discuss questions of gram-
mar) if you add to it a proviso declaring that
it shall not apply to the destruction of muti-
lated and defaced notes; but after examining
the matter the Committee on Finance preferred
the language of the joint resolution introduced
.by my friend from New Jersey, [Mr. Catteli,,]
which is substantially now the proposition be-
fore the Senate. As to the form of the lan-
guage there ought not to be any question.
There is no difference in legal effect between
the House proposition and the proposition of
the Committee on Finance of the Senate ex-
cept this, that our amendment guards against
the prohibition of the destruction of mutilated
and defaced notes. If there is any other dif-
ference I cannot see it.
A great many outside questions, however,
are introduced. For instance, my friend from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] with a tenacity
which is a part of his character—and I believe
it is a very good characteristic in every man—
desires to thrust upon this bill another ques-
tion, that is, the question of inflation* The
Committee on Finance do not desire now to
present that question. They are not in favor
of inflation. I notice,- however, that the New
York Tribune yesterday announced editorially
that it is attributed to me that I am in favor
of umild inflation." In every possible form
of language I have opposed the further infla-
tion of the currency, and I shall continue to
oppose it as steadily and resolutely as ajiy
Senator on this floor. Under no circumstances
that I can now foresee would 1 desire to see
the volume of currency increased, unless it
should be in connection with some provision
to fund the general debt by authorizing the
greenbacks to be floated into bonds and within
a limited extent the bonds again to be con-
verted into greenbacks; but I have never
uttered here or elsewhere any language that
would justify an imputation of this kind. On
the contrary, I believe the Senate Committee
On Finance are almost unanimous, if not en-
tirely so, that the volume of legal tenders should
not be increased, and they have made no prop-
osition to increase them; but the Senator from
Vermont desires to thrust that controversy in
now upon this bill. There is no necessity for
it. There is no law which authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to increase the currency
by issuing a single additional United States
note. He cannot issue a five, dollar bill, be-
cause his power is limited by the act of June
30, 1864, to $400,000,000, and then under the
act of April 12, 1866, that amount has been
steadily reduced and the notes have been can-
celed, until now they reach $356,000,000.
There is no power conferred by law upon the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue a single
dollar in excess of this amount, nor can lie
issue any until further authorized by law. He
knows that, and so recognizes the fact. Why,
therefore, should the Senate of the United
States legislate against a conclusion and seek
to provide against a power that is not conferred
by law ? It seems to me a very loose mode of
legislation. It would only raise the very ques-
tion that the Senator from Vermont seeks to
avoid, and send the question of inflation to the
other House and perhaps raise a' controversy
with them on a point which they are not bow
prepared to settle.
Mr. President, some other remarks have
been dragged into this debate. For instance,
my friend from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart]—I
was sorry to hear it—yesterday arraigned the
Secretary of the Treasury about various mat-
ters. He substantially charged him with throw-
ing upon thepeopleof this country $400,000,000
of taxation that ought not to have been put
upon them. He held the Secretary of the
Treasury responsible for all our errors, for our
excessive appropriations last year, for the
failure of the estimates, for the non-collection
of the whisky and tobacco taxes, and for all
the evils of the community. It seems to me
that the discussion of this purely business mat-
ter ought not to be disturbed by accusations
against an officer who I believe is conscien-
tiously performing and discharging the duties
of his office. At any rate this bill takes away
from him a discretionary power which he now
possesses, and which he may exercise. Any
discussion as to the conduct of the Secretary
of the Treasury, it seems to me, has no perti-
nency to this matter.
A few words now in regard to the remarks of
my friend from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sprague.]
What does he desire? He is substantially in
favor of the bill; but he proposes aa a remedy
for the ills to which the country is subject the
reorganization of a national bank similar in
character to the Bank of England. What has
that to do with this debate? What connection
has it? My friend also seeks to alarm the Sen-
ate and alarm the country at the condition of
affairs. He says we are in a state of distress;
there is bankruptcy and ruin in the immediate
future, as I understand him, Why? Simply
because the prices of commodities in the mar-
ket have gone down. That is beneficial to
those who have to consume them. It is only
injurious to those who manufacture them.
Their loss is our gain. But I say here, speak-
ing from the official report of the Commis-
sioner of Revenue, that every department of
industry is actually now increasing. The man-
ufacture of pig-iron, the manufacture even of
cotton fabrics, the manufacture of everything
upon the list is gradually increasing. The prod-
uct of all the various diversified productions of
the country is increasing. It is true the prices
are not so high as they were, and therefore the
manufacturer or producer does not make &
profit, and the farmer who raises the wool does
not make a profit; but the consumer gets the
benefit.
The manufacturers during the war had a
season of unbounded prosperity. On account
of the withdrawal of a million active laborers
from the productive pursuits of life, all who
were engaged in these pursuits flourished well-.
Now the men who were withdrawn from those
industries are going back, and the amount of
our productions is increasing. Every produc-
tion that the Senator from Rhode Island can
name is increasing. The amount of coal pro-
duced, the amount of iron produced, the
amount of petroleum produced, is increasing,
and so you may go through the whole list and
you will find that every product is increasing.
True, the prices have gone down, but is that a
subject of alarm? If they go down more and
more and more it will he better.. True, those
who are engaged in production will feel for the
time beingj the shrinkage of the market prices;
they will feel for a time the loss of profit; but
that is inevitable. They have made profits:
they have made money by the gradual rise of
all commodities for a period of years, until it
reached its maximum a year or two ago; and
now, when the other process is going on, they
must to some extent suffer the loss. I am sure
that I do not feel that in this there is any na-
tional danger or any national alarm. On the
contrary, when the prices of these commodities
come down to the old specie standard specie
payments may be resumed, and then the New
England manufacturer will again compete with
the whole world in the product of many of the
most important necessaries of life. Until then
there will necessarily be a loss and a shrinkage,
but that is not a subject of national alarm,
though it may be the subject of individual
mourning.
My friend proposes again to establish a Uni-
ted States bank. I cannot but commend his
courage, though I cannot speak so well of his
prudence. Before he and I entered on the
stage of life this was supposed to be a defunct
question, which, under the fightings of Andrew
Jackson, had passed away from among possi-
bilities of the time. He would be a bold man
now who would propose to organize a United
States bank, to be governed by a president and
board of directors to control the operations of
the Treasury Department; to regulate the rate
of interest; to mold and control all the busi-
ness of this great country. It is impossible.
Whether the present system of national banks
shall be perpetuated or not is a question for the
future to determine, but there is one thing
which i3 settled, and that is that all the great
powers of this Government connected with
finance cannot be concentrated into any private
corporation, however pure it may be, however
well-managed it may be. The temper of the
people will not tolerate it. As to the idea of
my friend, that he is now embarking in an effort
to reestablish a United States bank, I am afraid
that neither he nor I will live long enough to
see him succeed in accomplishing it.
My friend from Rhode Island alluded to
another thing as an object of desire—a reduc-
tion of the rate of interest. So it is; but I
should like to have him inform me when and
where the rate of interest was reduced by law.
It is impossible by law to reduce the rate of
interest. On the contrary, wherever by law
the attempt has been made to regulate the rate
of interest it is higher; whereas if you leave
unobstructed the rate of interest to be fixed by
contract between man and man the uniform
tendency of such operations is to reduce the
rate. In many of the States where the attempt
has been made by harsh laws to prohibit the
payment of more than six or seven per cent,
interest the result is that the people are com-
pelled virtually to pay a much higher rate, and
in other States, where they are more liberal to
the creditor, and let the people contract upon
their own ideas of what is for their advantage,
the rate of interest goes down. In England
they have no law which will prevent a contract
for a rate of interest as high as the parties
choose; and the Bank of England, which reg-
ulates the rate of interest to some extent,
sometimes raises it as high as ten per cent.,
and sometimes it goes down to one or two.
It is a question rather of contract than of
Mr. SPBAQUE. I must bog leave to differ
