1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3953
bill the very principle he now deprecates. He
says that when a man enters the Army as Gen-
eral Ilalleck did for the second time he enters
it lor life, and so understands it, and yet he
proposes to cut out the officers of nineteen
regiments who happen, indeed, to be junior in
rank, but who, I venture to say, won their
commissions, in a large majority of cases, on
the field of battle itself.
Mr. GARFIELD. We do not cut out those
men at all.
Mr. PAINE. The committee retires them
from active service on. half pay.
Mr. GARFIELD. No : we do not retire
them. They are simply relieved temporarily,
until vacancies occur.
Mr. PAINB. Call it by whatever name you
will, they are virtually robbed of their com-
missions and left mere pensioners in the Army.
Mr. GARFIELD. They are withheld from
duty.
Mr. RAUM. There is a provision in this
bill which authorizes the Secretary of War to
detail these officers on special service.
Mr. PAINE. I am aware of that; it is a
proviso in the eighth section.
Mr. RAUM. That proviso will certainly
put very nearly all these officers on active
duty.
Mr. PATNE. I cannot yield any longer.
The sole effect of that is to neutralize, so far
as it goes, the whole plan of reduction.
But I must ask the attention of the House
to one great fallacy into which my friend has
fallen. He says that when these officers
entered the Army they were justified in the
understanding that it would become to them a
permanent position. Sir, the Constitution of
the United States stands directly across the
track of the gentleman when he makes that
assertion. The Constitution provides that
appropriations for the Army shall be limited
to two years ; and if we do not know it from
our study of the history of the convention
which framed that instrument, yet Thomas
Jefferson has told us and James Madison has
told us that that provision was incorporated
for the express purpose of guarding against
semblance of anything like permanency in the
military establishment; placed there for the
express purpose of affording to either branch
of the Legislature an opportunity in every
period of two years to abolish the Army of
the United States in spite of the other branch
of the Legislature and in spite of the Presi-
dent by withholding appropriations for its sup-
P°Mr. MILLER. Does the gentleman desire
to retain all those officers?
Mr. PAINE. Oh, no.
[Here the hammer fell.] ,
Mr. GARFIELD. I would not rise now but
for what seems to be a very probable misunder-
standing, if not misrepresentation, on the part
of my friend from Wisconsin. I perfectly
recognize what the gentleman says, that the
Constitution of the United States provides
that no appropriation for the Army shall last
for more than two years. The purpose ot that
provision is that the civil shall always control
establishment of the Government,
and the provision is made so as to give either
provision is ubi
the military establishment of the Government,
and the provision is made so as to give either
branch of Congress the power to control the
military establishment. But f wish to know
if the gentleman means, by the interpretation
of the Constitution he has given, to intimate
that it was ever presumed that the Congress
of the United States would abolish the Army
altogether? , ,
Mr PAINE. I will answer the gentleman
that It was the design of the framers of the
Constitution to put it in the power of the Sen-
ate alone or of the House alone at any time in
two years to abolish the Army of the United
States in spite of the other branch or m spite
of the President. " .. ,
Mr GARFIELD. Well, I have said that
myself just now. But does the gentleman sup-
pose it was the purpose or intention Co""
gress ever to use that power absolutely to abol-
ish the Army ?
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 248.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What is
the use of having it?
Mr. GARFIELD. I suppose every gentle-
man will agree that the halcyon day will never
come, the glorious age will never arrive, when
we will not need to keep an Army; and while
we do keep it the Congress of the United States,
I suppose, will endeavor to retain its valuable
officers and its men of experience.
Now, one word in reply to the gentleman's
suggestion that I have intimated that all the
wisdom and glory of the late great struggle was
concentrated in the regular Army, I am not
behind any gentleman in my admiration of the
great body of citizen soldiers who won the
victory and saved the nation. But I desire to
say that while there are thousands of noble
men, not now in the Army, who did their part
as worthily as any who are in it, yet our pres-
ent Army has in it more history, more glory,
and the record of more heroism and patriot-
ism than any other Army that ever existed in
time of peace; and I for one, though I am
compelled by the necessities of the country to
put the knife to the Army and reduce it nearly
fifty per cent., will not by my voice or vote
consent that we shall strike down by the brutal
force of numbers half the official staff of the
Army, only to be under the necessity of reap-
pointing them 111 less than six months. By
papers from the Secretary of War which I now
hold in my hand, it is shown that the Army, by
the reduction now going on by usual casual-
ties, will by the 1st of July next have reached
twenty-eight thousand men. Officers are re-
signing fast. Many who received wounds and
became partially incapacitated during the war
are becoming invalids. Many are leaving the
Army for other reasons. All that is needed is
that we simply let these patriotic men hold
their positions on half pay or in regular active
service for a few months, and the Army will
reduce itself.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN obtained the floor.
Mr. PAINE. I will withdraw my amend-
ment if the gentleman will renew it. I want a
vote upon it.
Mr. LOGAN. I will renew it.
Mr. MAYN ARD. Is it in order to move to
adjourn? I suggest to the gentleman who has
charge of the bill that it is now nearly half past
ten o'cloek. We have been here for _ three
hours. I dislike to make the motion without
his consent.
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logav] closes his remarks a mo-
tion to adjourn will be in order.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 will give way for a motion
to adjourn. _ .
Mr. GARFIELD. I would inquire if this
bill will come up to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. It will be the unfinished
business immediately after the reading of the
Journal.
llOCIv ISLAND BRIDGE.
On motion of Mr. PRICE, by unanimous
consent the amendments of the Senate to the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 201) in relation to
the Rock Island bridge were taken from the
Speaker's table.'
The amendments of the Senate were read
and concurred in, as follows :
! Pastel, line eight, after the word "island''insert
! "to connect said island with the cities of Duven-
l nort find Rock Isl&nd. ,,. , .  
i Pa^cMinu thirteen, after sixty-six insert And
I provided, also, that in no case shall the
! on the pirt of the United States exceed il,000.000.
Ad/l thp following new section:   , .1
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved. That any bridge
built under the provisions of this resolution shall be
constructed so as to conform to the requirements of
section two of an act entitled "An act to an home
the construction of certain bndsM and to establish
thom as post roads, approved July 1000.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Senate were
concurred in : and also moved that tne motion
to reconsider be laid oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLERICAL FORCE STATE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a communication from the Department
of State in relation to a deficiency in the cler-
ical force of that Department; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
MOUNT VEliNOX LADIES* ASSOCIATION.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to the House
to take up from the Speaker's table the bill
(S. No. 588) for the relief of the Mount Ver-
non Ladies' Association of the Union. It has
passed the Senate, and a large majority of the
House once agreed to pass it; but it required a
suspension of the rules.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. As my colleague is a
standing objection, I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the House
(at half past ten o'clock p. m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER : The petition of J. A.
Richardson, Elizabethtown^ North Carolina,
for removal of political disabilities incurred by
participation in the rebellion.
By Mr. ALLISON : A memorial of Ros-
well Bates, asking for back pension on account
of services in the war of 1812.
Also, the claim of heirs of Richard Cheney
for reimbursement 011 account of lands sold
by the United States.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania:
The petition of General Leon and others, ask-
ing that the forfeited franchises of a certain
railroad in Louisiana be granted to parties
herein named, that the road may be com-
pleted.  
By Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky: The
petition of T. M. Davis and others, praying
for the improvement of Cumberland bar, in
the Ohio river.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 11, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of cit-
izens of Kansas, praying for the establishment
of a mail route from Waterville to Wishita ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CONKLING presented a petition of
citizens of New York, praying for the passage
of the bill granting pensions to the surviving
soldiers in the war of 1812 ; which was ordered
to lie on the table, a bill on that subjcct hav-
ing been reported from the Committee on
He also presented a memorial of merchants
and importers of New York city, in relation to
the appraisement of merchandise; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of Hoy
MeLane, of Beverly, West Virginia, praying
for compensation tor a house destroyed ^Jid
the lumber thereof appropriated to the build-
ing of barracks for the soldiers of the twenty-
eighth Ohio volunteers, in November, 1863 ;
which was referred to the Committeeon Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of offi-
cers of the Army, praying for the passage of
the bill " to fix and equalize the pay of officers,
and to establish the pay of enlisted soldiers 111
the Armv;" which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. ROSS presented resolutions ot tne
Board of Trade of Leavenworth, Kansas, in
favor of the ratification of the trea y J1
Osage Indians; which were referred to the
i Committee on Indian Affairs.
