406
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
f June SO.
llo. on? Reps.
The Public Expenditures, &c.—Mr. Boyer.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
be expedient or proper for Congress to inter-
pose to prevent the carrying into effect, of a
treaty. \Ve cannot anticipate in what circum-
stances our nation will find itself in all corning
time, and what may or may not be expedient or
proper. It is the part of a wise judgeto decide
those questions that are brought before him for
decision, and to withhold his opinion on all
others until they legitimately arise.
Reference has been made in this debate, as
it was by Jefferson in his opposition to Jay's
treaty, to our Indian treaties. We are asked
is a treaty entered into with a small Indian
tribe to become the paramount law ol' this wide
land covering thirty million people? What-
ever force there is in that suggestion bears
not upon the negotiation of the treaty, but upon
our whole Indian policy. Our policy has been
to regard the Indian tribes as nations, and to
be treated with as such. I am not prepared to
say that this policy was wise. I am rather
inclined to think a different course would have
been preferable had it been practicable. But
the moment we recognized them as nations,
as distinct peoples, gave them a character of
nationality, and condescended, if you please,
to treat with them, then by every principle of
national good faith we were bound to give
effect to those treaties just as though they had
been made with the most enlightened and power-
ful people on the face of the earth. The binding
force of a treaty is in no wise enhanced by the
dignity or power of the other high contracting
party. That might increase or lessen the
chances of impunity in case of its violation.
Now, what have we done in the matter of
Indian treaties ? Here we have a volume—-and
it is not a small one—of Indian treaties that
have been standing upon our statute-books and
in the State Department some of them for
sixty or seventy years, and we have executed
them, so far as I know, in good faith, by
making appropriations from year to year to
carry them into effect. These same Indian
treaties are our title-deeds to half the national
domain. And because it devolves upon us
under the Constitution to originate leveuue
bills, to impose taxes, to raise money, and to
make appropriations to carry these treaties
into effect, does it follow, therefore, that we
have the power to inquire into them and to
execute them or not, at our convenience, and
with no jeopardy to the public faith? I do
not so understand our duty. I do not so under-
stand the frame of our Government, and I do
not so understand its relations to the other
powers. For while there has been a class of
political theorists, already alluded to, who have
taken occasion, whenever the execution of a
treaty was to be provided for by appropriate
legislation, to assail the treaty-making power,
and even to declare that a treaty fairly nego-
tiated and deliberately ratified about a sub-
ject-matter within the scope of the treaty-
making authority has 110 higher moral obliga-
tion upon the conscience of legislators than any
ordinary measure to be determined at discre-
tion by expediency alone, yet, as a matter of
fact, it has been the uniform practice of the
House to carry all treaties into effect. The good
sense and fair-minded good faith of a majority
have always prevailed over such political teach-
ings. I should be very sorry to see this treaty
an exception or to have this bill coupled with
any such conditions as are proposed either by
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Loughkidge]
or the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Eliot.] I am unwilling as a Representative
to notify the nations of the world that our Con-
stitution, giving the President and Senate the
power to negotiate treaties, can no longer be
trusted. I am unwilling to throw discredit
on our embassadors, our public ministers, and
other representatives sent abroad to hold diplo-
matic intercourse with mankind. For such
would be the effect, and is, perhaps, the intended
effect, of these two propositions. They are con-
ceived in a spirit of distrust 011 the part of the
movers, and if adopted would beget a corre-
sponding distrust on the part of other Powers
in any negotiation that we might propose to
them.
I am unwilling to do anything that will in
the slightest degree impair our public credit.
We cannot afford to it. It would cost us too
much, be entirely too expensive, if there were
no other reason. If the favor of Heaven is
given to that man who swears to his own hurt,
and changes not, the good will of man is
equally given to that nation which regards its
plighted faith and never departs from it. No
nation can survive the disgrace of bad faith.
Funica fides was more fatal to Carthage than
the battle of Zama. Perfide Albion was a
stain upon the escutcheon of England which
all the blood of Waterloo could not wash out.
A gentleman of great distinction, the late Mr.
Choate, used to say that the Democratic party
had manifested "a gay and festive defiance"
in its treatment of foreign Powers. We paid
for it when we became involved in our terrible
struggle. How many friends, pray tell me,
did we find that we could rely upon for a
moment when war sounded upon our shores
and we found ourselves upon capital trial?
One there was, only one, in the whole family
of nations—the Power so often and kindly
mentioned in connection with this treaty. But
the nations generally, great and small, were
against us. We cannot afford to excite foreign
hostility by so much as the appearance of un-
fair dealing. The great element of weakness
in the Government of Great Britain is pre-
cisely in that direction. She lias been an
oppressive, tyrannical, domineering Power to
the other nations of the earth, and the day
which sees her downfall approaching will be a
day of general rejoicing the world over. Those
that she has trampled upon will rise in their
gladness and shout "ha, ha," in the day of
her sorrow. Like Babylon, hell from beneath
will be moved to meet her at her coming.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether lam to understand and the country is to
understand from this line of argument that the
reason we had the opposition of France and
England during the late rebellion was because
we had acted in bad faith toward them ? Am I to
understand that? Does he wish to convey that
idea to the country and to the world? That is
a question I want answered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to convey the idea
to the gentleman, and, if he please, to the
country and the world, that "the gay and fes-
tive deliance" of foreign Powers was one among
others of the reasons thatarrayed those Powers
against us with such fearful hostility—less of
bad faith than of unhandsome treatment. I
do not say it was the only reason, but it
was one of them. Although there had been a
change of Administration and the Government
had passed into other hands, they visited upon
the Government as such much that had accu-
mulated under former Administrations and
under the influences of a previous day.
Mr. PRICE. And they opposed us for our
bad faith toward them?
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not say bad faith.
They were opposed to us for what they regarded
as our uncivil treatment toward them on vari-
ous occasions, and seized this opportunity of
paying up old debts, of settling old scores.
Mr. PRICE. Does the gentleman mean to
say that we had acted in bad faith toward ling-
land or any other nation on the face of the
globe? I am not prepared to admit that, and
I do not think he is.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have already said that
in our action upon treaties, the treaty with
England for instance, the Jay treaty—and I
might specify others—there had been an ele-
ment disposed to discredit the treaty-making :
power, to question its exercise, and to throw i|
distrust upon its negotiations. Still, so far as 1
the legislation of Congress has dealt with them, jj
they have been carried into execution. But
the gentleman will perceive that he has touched
a point hardly fit for discussion here, one that
cannot be discussed without a certain feeling of
embarrassment. I would approach the naked-
ness of my country with backward steps and
averted face, and cover it sedulously from my
own eyes as well as from the gaze of the world.
My honorable and excellent friend, I am sure,
would do the same.
The Public Expenditures—Purchase of
Alaska.
SPEECH OF HON. B. M. BOYER,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
Ix the House op Representatives,
June 30, 1868.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having under considera-
tion the bill (II. R. No. 1096) making an appropria-
tion to carry into effect the treaty with Ilussia of
March 30,1S67—
Mr. BOYER said:
Mr. Chairman : It is not without consider-
able reluctance that I have arrived at the con-
clusion that it is my duty to oppose the appro-
priation for the purchase of Alaska. But so
ungracious at first view may seem such a course,
after all that has been done in the matter, that
1 am not content to record my vote against the
pending bill without some words of explana-
tion.
I have heard or read most of what the able
and eloquent chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs and other advocates of the bill
have had to say in its behalf; but I have been
little moved by any convictions of the substan-
tial advantages likely to result from the acqui-
sition of the inhospitable country we, are in-
vited to annex. The arguments which weighed
most with me were those based upon what the
treaty-making authorities of our Government
had already done, and especially the circum-
stance of formal delivery of the purchased ter-
ritory having already been made by Russia to
the representatives of this country appointed
by the President to receive it. The latter fact
derives additional importance when we con-
sider that such possession was permitted to be
taken without any resolution of dissent or pro-
test on the part of this House, although in ses-
sion at the lime and aware of the events which
were transpiring. Under such circumstances
courtesy to a great and friendly Power like
Russia would seem to forbid retreat. Indeed,
a retreat under such circumstances must be
confessed" to be somewhat humiliating, and
probably will be so regarded by other nations.
But there are still higher duties to be performed
than those of courtesy, and a still higher ambi-
tion to fulfill than to stand well in the judg-
ment of foreigners.
Our own national necessities and the duty
of self-preservation being the higher law must
determine my action upon this bill. Of all
times for extraordinary expenditures of the
public money this is the most inopportune and
dangerous. The country is already struggling
under a load of debt too heavy to be long
endured, and it is extremely doubtful whether
the next year we shall have the means to dis-
charge its interest and defray the ordinary
expenses of the Government. Seven million
two hundred thousand dollars in gold, equal to
$10,000,000 of our currency, may, to be sure,
seem to many an insignificant sum, so accus-
tomed have we become of late to count millions
by the thousands instead of by sevens and tens.
But in the days of Washington and the elder
Adams and Jefferson §7,000,000in gold was a
sum more than sufficient to pay all the ordinary
annual expenditures of the Government. A
nation whose national debt has lately increased
$10,000,000 in a single month, and which is
threatened with a deficit of $30,000,000 at the
