1906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. My colleague
[Mr. Beatty] is detained from the House by
sickness in his family. If he were here he
would vote "no."
The result of the vote was annoanced as
above stated.
Mr. BOSS. I move that the resolution and
amendment be'referred to the Committee on
the Rules.
„ The SPEAKER. JThe gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] has demanded the
previous question. If that should not be sec-
onded the motion to refer would be in order.
Mr. ROSS. I think that this proposition
should be referred to the Committee on the
Rules.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield for a motion to refer to the
Committee on the Rules?
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir.
Mr. ROSS. , I hope the gentleman will con-
sent to the reference. This is a proposition to
change important rules of the House.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 76, noes 27.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered, which was
upon the amendment offered by Mr.
Mr. ROSS. I demand the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 33, not voting
52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson. Dclos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, liakhvin, Banks,
Bcaman, Bingham, Blair, Boutwcll, Brouivveli,
Droomall, Bucklaud, Butler, Cake, Churchill, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Ooburn, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Dixon,
Dodge, Driggs, liekloy, lila, Eliot, Eemss, Ferry,
Melds, Garlieid,Gravely, II alscy, Uigby, liill, Hooper,
Hopkins, llunter, Inscrsoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian,
Kelsey, Kitchen, Koontz, Laliin, (icorge V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Maynard, McCarthy,
MeClurg, iVlereur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Mor-
rcll, Aiullins, Myers,Newcomb, O'Neill,Orth, Paine,
Peters, Pike, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Price, ltaum,
Robertson, Sawyer, Schenek, Seofield, Sclye, Shanks,
Smith, Spalding, 1'haddeus Stevens, Stokes, Thomas,
John Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Ilobcrt T. Van
Horn, Ward, L'lihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, James l'\ Wilson, John 1\
Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, and "Windom—101.
KAYS—Messrs. Axtell.Barnum, Beck, Boyor.Burr,
Chanter, Eldridge, Getz, Ulossbrenncr, Goiladay,
Ilaight,Holman, Hotchkiss, Jones, Kerr, Knott,Mar-
shall, MoCoi'imck, McCullougb, Moigan, Mungen,
Niblack, Nicholson, ItandalJ, ltoss, Sitgreavcs, Stone,
Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Aukcn, Van
Trump, Wood, and Woodward—33.
NOT1 VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer, Ar-
nell, Barnes, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Blaine,
Brooks, Cary, Reader W. Clarke, Cornell, Dawes,
Donnelly, Kggloston, Farnsworth, Finney, Fox, Grte-
wold, Grover, Harding, Hawkins, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Chester D. Hubbard, itichard D. Ilubbard,
llulburd, Humphrey, Johnson, Kelley, Ketchain,
Marvin, Morrissey, Nunn, Peril am, Phelps, Pile,
Pomeroy, Pruyn, llobmson, Sliellabarger, Stark-
weather, Aaron I'. Stevens, Stewart, Tail'e, Taylor,
Twioholl, Van Aornam, Burt VnnHorn,Van Wyck,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, and Woodbridge—52.
So Ihe amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the adoption
of the resolution as amended.
Mr. ROSS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.-'
Mr. MUNGEN. I wish to ask a question
of the Chair as to the effect of this resolution.
I fit be adopted will this House then become
the appendage of the managers of the impeach-
ment, or will they continue to bo an appendage
of the House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not un-
derstand the gentleman's question, but he will
state to him, as he did to the gentleman from
Now York, [Mr. Wood,] that the resolution,
as amended, authorizes the committee to re-
port any matter they may think fitting for the
consideration of the House.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 34, not
voting 48 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Dclos 11. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Bearnan, Bingham, Blaine, Blair,
Boutweli, Broinwell, Broomall, Buekland, Butler,
Cake, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eekley, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fields,Garfield, Gravely, Halsey, Hawkins, Hill, Hop-
kins, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kel-
sey, Kitchen, Koontz, Lailin, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Mal-
lory, Maynard, McCarthy, MoClurg, Mercur, Miller,
Moorhead, Mulllns, Myers, Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Peters, Pilce, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Price,
llaum, Sawyer, Schenek, Seofield, Selye, Shanks,
Smith, Spaldinpc, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stokes, Taffe, Taylor, Johr. Trimble, Trowbridge,
Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Eliliu B. Washburne, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, James F. Wilson, John T.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Barnum, Beck,
Boyer, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Eldridge, Getz, Gloss-
brenner.Gollaclay.Haight.Holman, Hotchkiss, Jones,
Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCormiek, McCullougb,
Morgan, Mungen, Niblaek, Nicholson, Randall,
Ross, Sitgreaves. Stone, Taber, Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, Van Auken, VanTrump, Wood, and Wood-
ward—31.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Barnes, Beatty,
Benjamin, Benton, Brooks, Reader W. Clarke, Cor-
nell, Esgleston, Finney, Fox, Griswokl, Grover, Hard-
ing, Higby, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Johnson, Kelley, Ketcham, Lincoln, Lynch, Marvin,
Moore, Morrell, Morrissey, Nunn, Perham, Phelps,
Pile,Pomeroy, Pruyn, Robertson, Robinson, Sholla-
barger, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Thomas, Twich-
ell, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyek, and
Woodbridge—48.
So the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution, as
amended, was adopted; and also moved that
tlie motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. ROSS demanded the yeas and nays.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, withdrew
his motion.
LEAVE or ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for two weeks for Mr. Van Aernam.
The SPEAKER also asked and obtained in-
definite leave of absence for Mr. Beatty, on
account of sickness in his family.
The SPEAKER also asked and obtained in-
definite leave of absence after next Saturday
for Mr. Gkover.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. W. J.
MacDoxald, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the Senate had passed a bill of' the following
title, in which the concurrence of the House
M'as requested: An act (S. No. 331) to extend
the time for buildmg the military road author-
ized by an act entitled "An act granting lands
to the States of Michigan and Wisconsin, to
aid in the construction of a military road from
Fort Wilkins, Copper Harbor, Keweenaw
county, in the State of Michigan, to Fort How-
ard, Green Bay, in the State of Wisconsin."
NATIONAL AM ASSOCIATION.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, by unanimous
consent, itwas ordered that the bill (FT. R. No.
8G4) for the incorporation of the National Art
Association be printed.
RELIEIf FROM POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on
Reconstruction, reported back House bill No.
778, to relievo William W. Holden and others
from disabilities, with amendments.
The bill as amended was read. It provides
that the several persons hereinafter named shall
be severally relieved from all disabilities im-
posed upon them, or either of them, by the
laws of the United States, to wit: William W.
Holden and C. J. Rogers, of Wake county,
North Carolina; William A. Smith, of John-
son county, North Carolina ; Calvin J. Cowles,
of Wilkes county, North Carolina; Thomas
Settle, of Rockingham county, North Caro-
lina; RufusBarringer, of Mecklenburg county,
North Carolina; Luke Blaekmer, of Rowan
county, North Carolina ; Robert W. Flourney,
of Potontoc county, Mississippi; Joshua S.
Morris, of Claiborne county, Mississippi; James
R. Berry, of Little Rock, Arkansas; Victor
C. Barringer, of North Carolina; General
James Longstreet, of Louisiana; Robert B.
Kingsberry, of Texas; Thomas J. Mackey, of
South Carolina; James L. Orr, of South Caro
lina; Joseph E. Brown, of De Ivalb county,
Georgia; James Ij. Alcorn, of Coahoma county,
Mississippi; and Benjamin D. Nabers, of Tish-
amingo county, Mississippi.
Mr. COVODE. I wish to add the name of
Johu A. Gilmer, of North Carolina.
Mr. BINGHAM. I accept that amendment.
Mr. COVODE. The reason why I ask to
have this gentleman's name inserted I will
state. During the struggle on the Kansas ques-
tion John A. Gilmer acted with Governor
Washburn, of Maine, Henry Winter Davis, of
Maryland, and others, for the purpose of de-
feating that scheme. I hold in my baud a let-
ter from him which I received this morning, in
which lie gives his reason for going into the
rebel congress. He says he was elected with-
out his knowledge or consent, and though he
went there he did it for the purpose of em-
bracing the very first opportunity to throw his
weight against the rebellion and in favor of the
Union. I ask to have the letter read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Greensboeo', North Carolina,
J'cbi uary 11,1808.
Beau Sir : Pardon me with troubling1 you with a
line. W hii© tho present or some other bill is before
Congress removing disabilities from persons, cotfld
you feci free to do mo the great favor to move to
amend by inserting the name of John A. Gilmer,of
North Carolina? Could X bo freed irom my political
disability I would feel happy. I was always devoted
to the Union. To nothing was I more averse than
any attempt to break or weaken the bonds of tho
Union or the things that tended to separate the
States. 1 was educated to believe, and always did
believe, that in the Union was all our strength. So
I believe now, and am particularly anxious for tho
Union and harmony to be restored, and am using,
and shall continue to exert and use, my influence in
that direction, but am for the present cut off from
all chances to take any; part in politics and from do-
ing good, where, if again were free to act, I might do
good.
The people of my district are extreme, if such a
thing is possible, for the Union. Like a lboi I per-
mitted them to send me to the contederatc congress.
This they did with hope that some opportunity might
present itself in which I might be useful in securing
peace, harmony, and the restoration of the Union.
Last October was a year ago I was attacked with
palty and lost, in a great degree, the use of my left
side. Lver since I have been confined mostly to my
house, and my health has been feeble and bad; un-
able to get about much. For tho last few mouths 7
have gradually improved, and I have fair hopes thatl
will bo restored to good health again, and that I will
be restored both in body and mind.
Please confer with my old friend Moorhead and
other northern members that used to respect me, and
let mc have a line from you.
Yourb, truly, JOHN A. GILMER.
Hon. John Covode.
Mr. WELKER. I ask my colleague to yield
to me for a moment to make a personal ex-
planation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I hope this
matter will be disposed of. It will not take
but a moment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to strike out the
word "general" before the words "James
Longstreet."
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The name of John A.
Gilmer will be regarded as inserted if there is
no objection.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to say word on that.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois, a member of the committee.
ilr. FAUNS WORTH. I move to add the
name of W. B. Richardson, of Carthage county,
North Carolina.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to interpose an
objection to the name proposed by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode.]
Mr. ELDPJDGE. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingiiam] to allow mo to
move to insert the name ot Governor Worth,
of North Carolina. Ho was also a true Union
man. The name oi' Governor Holden is already
in, and it seems to me proper to insert the
name of Governor Worth also.
Mr. MULLINS. 1 think we shall have
Mosby in before this is done with. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. ELnnrocB.j I
luive yielded to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farksworth.] I now yield to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Lafmk.]
Mr. LAFLIN. I move to insert the name-
