1868,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ISO#
of W, B. Rodman, of Washington, Beaufort
county, North Carolina, whose loyalty I can
personally vouch for.
The SPEAKER. That will not be in order
■while there is an amendment to an amendment
pending.
_Hr. WOOD. If the gentleman vouches for
his loyalty then he must be a traitor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I accept the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Laflin.] I move to add the two names.
Mr. SPALDING-. I move to lay the bill
and amendments on the table.
The question being put, there were—ayes 48,
noes 68.
Mr. SHANKS. I demand tho yeas and
nays.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 52, nays 80, not voting
48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnell, Banks, Barnum, Beck
Bromwell, Butler, Cake, Gary, Churchill. Sidney
Clarice, Cobb, C'oburn, Cullom. Eckley, Eldridge,
Golladay, llnight, Hawkins, Uigby, Hopkins, Hun-
ter, Jones, Julian, Kelscy, ICerr, Knott, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Maynard, Mc-
Ciurg, McCormiek, Mercur, Miller, Mullms, Myers,
O'Neill, Orth, Plants, Price. Ross, Shanks. Spalding,
Thaddeus Stevens, Tabcr, Taffe. Van Trnmp. Ward,
Henry D. Washburn. Thomas Williams. William Wil-
liams. and Stephen F. Wilson—52.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Archer,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey,
Baker, Beaman, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boyer,
Broomall, Buckland, Chanlcr, Cook, Covode, Dawes,
Bodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Gctz, Glossbrenner, Gravely.
Ilalsey, Hill, Holnian, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Richard
3). Ilubbard, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Johnson, Judd,
Ketcham, Iioontz, Lallin. Lincoln, Loughridge,
Lynch, Mallory, Marshall. McCarthy, Moore, Moor-
head, Morgan, Mungen, Ncwcomb. Nibiack, Nieii-
olson, Paine, Peters, Pike, Poland, Polsley, Randall,
Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Scolield, Seiye,
Sitgrcaves, Smith, Starkweather, Stokes, Taylor,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Aukcn. Robert T. Van Horn, Cadwal.idcr 0. Wash-
burn, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn,
Welkcr, James F.Wilson. John T.Wilson, Windom.
Wood, and Woodward—89.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Baldwin, Barnes,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Boutwcll. Brooks, Burr,
Reader W. Chirko, Cornell, Dixon, Eggleston, Ela,
Finney, Fox, Griswold, Grovcr. Harding, Asahol W.
Hubbard. Chester D. Ilubbard, Ilulburd, Humphrey,
Kolley. Kitchen, Logan, Marvin, McCiillough. Mor-
rell, Morrissey, Nunn, Porham, Phelps, Pile, Pome-
roy, Pruyn, Robinson, Shellabarger, Aaron F. Ste-
vens, Stewart, Stone, Thomas, John Trimble,
Twicheli, Van Aernain, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck,
and Woodbridge—48.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The question recurred upon seconding the
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I wish to ask my
colleague whether this bill relieves the gentle-
men named under the provision of the consti-
tutional amendment?
Mr. BINGHAM. _ It does not say anything
about the constitutional amendment. It is
confined exclusively to the laws of the United
States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is debate allowable?
Tho SPEAKER. It is not, except that the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who
reported the bill, is entitled to the floor for an
hour.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I do not object, if we
can have a fair chance to be heard upon this
side of the House.
Mr. SPALDING. Is a majority vote suffi-
cient to pass the bill?
The SPEAKER. It is, by the terms of the
bill itself.
Mr. BROMWELL. I rise to ask a question
of the gentleman who reported this bill.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingitam,] who reported the bill,
claims the floor he is entitled to it for one
hour.
Mr. BINGHAM. Has the previous ques-
tion been seconded?
The SPEAKER. The previous question
lias been seconded and the main question or-
dered, and when the gentleman resumes his
seat the debate will be closed.
Mr. BINGHAM. What is the question of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Bromwell?]
Mr. BROMWELL. Iwishtoknowforwhat
reason the committee recognizes Mr. Long-
street as a "general?" Was he a general of
the United States Army?
Mr. BINGHAM. The word "general" has
been struck out. It was only put in for the
purpose of identifying the man.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise for information.
What is the amendment pending?.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode,]
is to include the name of Mr. Gilmer; and there
is an amendment to the amendment, offered
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth,] to include a gentleman suggested by
himself, and another suggested by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Laflin,] The
amendment to strike out the word "general"
before the name of Mr. Longstreet was agreed
to by unanimous consent.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a word in reference to thefirst amend-
ment?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield the gentle-
man two minutes.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise simply to say that
in my opinion this amendment ought not to be
adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM. Which amendment?
Mr. MAYNARD. The first.
Mr. BINGHAM. To whom doe's it relate?
Mr. MAYNARD. It is to include the name
of John A. Gilmer, of North Carolina. I eon-
cur in all that has been said by the mover of the
amendment as to the position that that gentle-
man occupied before the war, when lie and
several others of us were hero ; but it is also
true that when the war broke out he went
heartily into the rebellion and did our cause
immense mischief, more by his previous posi-
tion and by the weight of his character than lie
would have been able to do had he been of the
original order of secessionists. And, sir, if
he has since the war done anything to give aid
or assistance in the great work ot reconstruc
lion that we have been attempting to carry on
in North Carolina, lam not aware of it; I have
never heard of it; neither do I believe that it
is the fact.
And, sir, whatever we might be disposed to
do for a man who is old and infirm and para-
lyzed, yet we are establishing precedents here,
and it behooves us to be cautious what sort of
precedent we establish. If we include his ease,
I see not on what principle we may not include
the case of almost every other man in the
South. I trust the amendment will notprova.il.
Mr. ROSS. 1 desire to ask tho gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bixuiiam] a question.
Mr. PRICE. I rise to a point of order, and
it is this: there is no power under the laws
of this country to remove disabilities of this
character, unless it be under the fourteenth
article of the amendments to the Constitution,
and I understand the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bixgham,] who reported this bill, to say
that he does not propose to do it under that
article of the Constitution, consequently the
whole thing is out of order, in my opinion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules tho
point of order upon the ground that the Pre-
siding Officer of this House cannot decide con-
stitutional questions; he can only decide par-
liamentary questions. It is for the_ courts to
decide upon the constitutionality of this bill,
should it become a law.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say to the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Price,] that this
bill has no relation whatever to the fourteenth
article of amendment to the Constitution of
the United States. The terms of the bill eon-
fine it to the laws of the United States. The
terms of the bill are technical; they never can
be construed to have any relation whatever to
the Constitution of the United States. I say
to the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] that
this bill pro tanto proposes to repeal the acts
of Congress imposing disabilities upon these
parties, and there is no color of excuse to raise
a question of constitutional power about this
bill.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a few moments?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, as the billfor the
removal of political disabilities from the gen-
tlemen therein named has been reported by
the Reconstruction Committee, of which I am
a member, I desire to say that while I did not op-
pose it in the committee, for the reason, as I
stated when the case of Governor Patton was
under consideration, that I did not wish to
make a factious opposition, and desired to see
all men relieved from illegal restrictions on
their rights and privileges, I did not vote for
the bill, and cannot now oppose its provisions.
I understand that mapy of the persons to
whom it applies have been already pardoned
by the President for any offenses they may
have committed, and most of them are cov-
ered and protected by the terms of amnesty
proclaimed, and that they have complied
with the terms required by the pardons and
amnesty so granted. That being so, all their
civil disabilities are already removed, as the
Supreme Court in the case ex parte Garland,
4t.li Wallace,had decided. Among otherthings
the court say:
"The ConstitutionprovidesthatthePresident shall
have power to grant reprieves and pardons for of-
fenses against the United States except in cases of
impeachments. Tho powtr thus conferred is unlim-
ited, with the exception stated. It extends to every
odense known to tho law, and may be exercised at
anytime after itscommission, either bet'orolcgal pro-
ceedings are taken or during their pendency, or after
conviction and judgment. This power of the Presi-
dent is not subject to legislative control. Congress
can neither limit the effect of his pardon nor ex-
clude from its exorcise any class of offenders. The
benign prerogatives of mercy reposed in him cannot
be fettered by any legislative restrictions.
"Such being the case, tho inquiry arises as to the
effect and operation ot a pardon, and on this point ail
tho authorities concur. A pardon reaches both tho
punishment prescribed for tho olfenso and tho guilt
of tho offender; and when the pardon is full it re-
leases the punishment and blots outof existoncs tho
guilt, so that, in the eye of tho law tho offender is as
innocent as if he had never committed tho offense.
It granted before conviction, it prevents any of the
penalties and disabilities consequent upon convic-
tion from attaching if granted after conviction; it
removes the penalties and disabilities, and restores
liim to all his civil lights; it makes him.asitwere, a
new man, and gives him a new credit and capacity."
Under that decision, which binds and ought
to control and govern this House as fully as it
does the humblest citizen, I maintain that we
have no right to assume that any of those men
are still laboring under civil disabilities, and
undertake to remove what only exists in viola-
tion of the Constitution, and by reason of the
brute,force which this Congress maintains
over ten States of this Union. I deny tho right
of this body to grant pardons to or remove
disabilities from the people of these States.
The power to pardon and remove disabilities
assumes the existence in us of the power to
punish and to impose disabilities. If we have
that power we have it without limit, except
tho will of the majority here, and every citizen
in every State holds all his rights, civil and
political, at the mercy of Congress. Such an
assumption is the essence of despotism.
Again, I oppose it because it is simply a
means of coercing men to adopt the policy of"
and attach themselves to the political organi-
zation now dominant here, a means, and a
potent means, of rewarding all such as do so,
whether from honest or dishonest motives, and
ofpunishingby continued exclusion from office,
or even from the exercise of the elective iran-
chise, all who, however honestly, differ trom
and refuse to forward the interests of that, party.
Such a proceeding being wholly variant from
all my ideas of free representative Government
I felt it to be my duty to withhold my assent,
and to state thus briefly my reasons for so
doing.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have but one word to
say in reply to the gentlemen from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck.] The Supreme Court of tho
United States can very well decide for itself in
a case which comes before it, as did tho case
referred to by the gentleman; it can execute
