1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3955
in the office occurring by reason of his death
or resignation, it is to be filled by appointment
oi the President on the nomination of the Sec-
retary ot' War, and with the advice and consent
of the Senate; and 110 officer of the. Army is
to be detailed for service as Commissioner or
to enter upon the dudes of Commissioner
unless appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate; and all assistant com-
missioners are to be appointed by the Secre-
tary of War on the nomination of the Commis-
sioner of the bureau. In case of vacancy in
the office of Commissioner happening during
the recess of the Senate the duties of Com-
missioner are to be discharged by the acting
assistant adjutant general of the bureau until
such vacancy can be filled. According to the
section, the Commissioner of the bureau, on the
1st day of January next, is to cause the bureau
to be withdrawn from the several States within
which the bureau has acted and its operations
discontinued as soon as it may be done without
injury to the Government. But the educational
department of the bureau and the collection
and payment of moneys due the soldiers, sail-
ors, and marines, or their heirs, is to be con-
tinued as now provided by law until otherwise
ordered by act of Congress ; but the provisions
of this section are not to apply to any State
which shall not, on the 1st of January next, be
restored to its former political relations with
the Government of the United States, and be
entitled to representation in Congress.
The bill was reported to the Seuate without
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. When did that bill receive its
second reading? Did it receive its second
reading to day?
The PItlSSlDENTpro tempore. It has been
read the lirstand second time. The question
now is on ordering it to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to make some obser-
vations in opposition to this bill. It has been
culled up pretty suddenly. I will read the first
section :
That the duties and powers of Commissioner of
tin? .Bureau tor the Relief of Kreedmen and Refugees
shaft continue to be dischaiged by the present Com-
missioner ot the bureau, and in case ot vacancy in
said ollice occurring by reason of his death or resig-
nation, the same shall be tilled by appointinentof
the President on the nomination of the Secretary oi
War, and with the adviue anduonsentot thefc>onate;
and no officer of the Army shall bo detailed lor ser-
vice as Commissioner or shall enter upon the duties
of Commissioner unless appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate; and all assistant
commissioners shall be appointed by the Secretary
of AVar on the nomination of the Commissioner of
the bureau. In case of vacancy in the ollice ot Com-
missioner happeningduring the recess ot the Senate,
the duties ot Commissioner shall bo discharged by
the acting assistant aijjutant general ot the bureau
uutil such vacancy cau be filled.
Now, Mr. President, that is a subterfuge to
make another encroachment upon the appoint-
ing power of the President.
All assistant commisioners shall he appointed by
tho Secretary of War on the nomination of the Com-
missioner ol the bureau.
That selects the Commissioner himself as
the appointing power. The Constitution pro-
vides that Congress may authorize the heads
of Departments to appoint subordinate officers,
hut it nowhere authorizes Congress to give the
power of nomination to an inferior of the head
of a Department. But, sir, the last provision
in this section is the one that is most excep-
tional in its principles :
In case of vacancy in tho office of Commissioner
happening during the recess oi the Senate tho duties
of Commissioner shall be discharged by the acting
assistant adjutant general of the bureau uutil such
vacancy ean be filled.
The express provision of the Constitution is
that where vacancies in any office occur during
the recess of the Senate the President shall
have the power to fill them. Here is an im-
portant office, not important for its duties to
the country or to the Government, not import-
ant forthe necessity of the office, butimportant
in a political point of view. Here is a sort of
political adjutant general denominated the Com-
missioner of the Freedmen's Bureau, and this
portion of the section provides thatin the event
of that commissionership becoming vacant by
the death of the Commissioner during the
recess ot the Senate, the President shall not
exercise his constitutional function and power
to fill the vacancy. That is doing by indirection
and obliquely what the Senate cannot do direct-
ly. It is worse than that; it is attempting by
this bill to strip the President of his plainright
of making an appointment pro tempore, for the
time, in the event of a vacancy occurring. Sir,
will this party in Congress never pause? Will
it never stop in its aggressive march upon the
President of tho United States in his constitu-
tional power? "Will it know no suspension in
its efforts to break up the division of powers
made by the Constitution, and absorb all the
powers of the President? I should suppose
that it ought to be somewhat appeased by its
great though temporary success; but instead
of that its appetite seems to be whetted by
that upon which it feeds. It only seekstogor-
mandize upon and absorb one executive power
in order to increase its appetite and its capa-
city to move on upon another.
Mr. CONNESS. That issavage!
Mr. DAVIS. Well, this is a most savage
bill in a small way. Not satisfied with having
crammed down its capacious maw the great
and vast constitutional powers which were se-
cured by the Constitution to the President, the
little remnant of presidential power which has
been left by its aggressions upon tho President
of the United States it seems determined in
its voracity to wrest from the proper constitu-
tional officer, and to exercise it itself, or that
some of its minions, instead of the President,
shall exercise the power. Lot me read this
clause:
In case of vacancy in the office of Commissioner
happening during the recess of the Senato, the du-
ties of the Commissioner shall be discharged by the
acting assistant adjutant general of theburoau until
such vacancy can be filled.
If the bill proposed to abolish the office on
the death of the Commissioner it would be
right enough ; but it continues the office after
the death of the Commissioner, audit provides
how the Commissioner shall be appointed ; in
other words, it directs that the acting assistant
adjutantgeneral of the bureau shall himself act
as Commissioner. Does any gentleman con-
tend that Congress has any power to pass such
a bill? Suppose such a provision as that was
offered in relation to the other departmental
officers ofthe Government. Take, forinstanee,
the Adjutant General, the Commissary Gen-
eral, the Quartermaster General. Suppose a
bill in relation fo those and all other similar
offices was passed, that in the event of one of
those offices becoming vacant by the death of
the incumbent, it should be filled by some
named officeruntil it could be filled during the
next session of the Senate according to the
direction of the act. Can gentlemen say that
that would be proper, legitimate, or constitu-
tional legislation ?
The object of this provision cannot be dis-
guised, and it could not be concealed if it was
attempted to be disguised. It is purely an
electioneering office, an officer maintained at
the cost of the Treasury of the United States,
and the object is to continue it under its pres-
ent auspices in the interest of the party in
power until after the next presidential election.
Therefore, this clause provides that in the
event ofthe office becoming vacant by the death
of the Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau
before the next session of Congress, another
officer known to he in the interests of the party
in power shall assume the exercise of the duties
of that office, and in that way the President is
to be excluded from his plain constitutional
power to fill the vacancy occasioned by the
death of the incumbent during the recess of the
Senate.
Sir, the provision is outrageous; it has no
authority whatever ; and Congress is not com-
petent to pass a law that will oust the Presi-
dent of his right to fill an office made vacant
by the death of the incumbent during the
recess of the Senate, and to fill it itself by its
own direction, and by the designation of another
officer who shall make the appointment pro
tempore an ad interim appointment. Sir, we
have lately heard a great deal said about ad
interim appointments, and pro tempore ap-poiat-
menfs. This bill provides for an ad interim
appointment. What functionary of the Gov-
ernment has the constitutional power to make
an ad interim appointment under an act of
Congress? The President; because he has
the sole appointing power in the absence ol'
the Senate, and the sole nominating power
when the Senate is in session. In relation to
all other offices, the laws have made an ex-
plicit general provision thatin the event of their
becoming vacant during the recess of the Sen-
ate, the President shall have the power to make
ad interim appointments to them. Here this
fertile and advancing party is improving and
expanding upon that idea; and, instead of
allowing to the President, as the general ap-
pointing power of the Government, the right to
fill the vacancy thus created, it proposes to fill
it itself; and thus obliquely and indirectly to
deprive the Executive of the power of making
the appointment ad interim.
Now, sir, protesting against this section, I
will move to amend it by striking out all after
the word "Senate" in line sixteen of the first
section to the end of the section, and inserting
"said office shall thereupon cease and determ-
ine;" so as to make the clause read:
In caso of vacancy in tho office of Commissioner
happening during tho recess of tho Senate said office
skull thereupon ecaso and determine.
Mr. CONNESS. To pass that would be a pre-
mium on taking the life of the Commissioner.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill ought to be
amended; but if this amendment is voted
down, it can be done afterward. I think I
can suggest an amendment that will remove
the difficulty.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 3, nays 28 ; as follows :
YEAS—-Messrs. Davis, McCreory, and Vielcers—3.
NAYiS—Messrs. Anthony, Cole, Oonkling, Conness,
Drake, iildmunds, Ilailan, Howard, McDonald,Mor-
rill of Maine, Morri 11 of Vo.rmont, Morton, Is ye. Os-
born, Pomeroy. Ramsey, Sherman, Stewart, Thayer,
Van Winkle, Wade, Welch, Willey, Williams, Wil-
son, and Yates—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Buelfalew, Cameron,
Cattell, Chandler, Corbett, Cragin, Dixon, Doolittlo.
Fciry, Fe&seuden, 3?owler, ITrelmghuysen, Grimes,
Henderson,Hendricks, ltowe, Morgan, Norton, Pat-
terson ot Now Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee,
Rice, Ross, Saulsbury.Sprague, Sumner, Tipton, and
Trumbull—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend the bill
in the thirteenth line by inserting after the
words ''assistant commissioners" the words
"agents, clerks, and assistants," making the
bill far more perfect than it would be other-
wise. The clause will then read:
All assistant commissioners, agents, clerks, and
assistants shall be appointed by the Secretary of
War on the nomination of the Commissioner of the
bureau.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the proviso to
the second section should be stricken out. It
defeats the object of the section. The object
of tho section is to continue the educational
department of the bureau, and the collection
and payment of moneys due the soldiers, sail-
ors, marines, or other heirs. It provides that
that work shall be continued, and it ought to
bo continued whether the State is represented
or not; but if the proviso is allowed to remain,
it defeats that. It is the best provision of the
bill, and it ought to be continued in those
States not represented. There may be three
or four States that will not be represented here,
and we ought to continue the system of pay-
ing bounties and helping the colored soldiers
of that section.
Mr. HOWARD. That proviso is manifestly
an oversight, and it ought to be stricken out.
I hope it will be stricken out.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 move, then, to strike
out the proviso.
The amendment was-agreed to.
