136&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
523
reduced until Congress shall otherwise pro-
vide.''
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word "'re-
duced'' and before the word ''until" the words
"or increased," so that it will read ''shall
not be further reduced or increased uutil Con-
gress shall otherwise provide."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is not
strictly in order at this time, because it is in
the third degree.
Mr. CONKLING. Are we not in the Sea-
ate, sir?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
The Senator from Ohio has offered an amend-
ment to the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole. The Senator now offers an
amendment in the third degree.
Mr. CONKLING. I see. My amendment
will be in order after one vote. I did not quite
understand the condition of the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
Ohio to the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Now I move my amend-
ment to the amendment, to insert after the
word '"reduced" the words "or increased."
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from New York another word as an equiv-
alent for the two—the word " changed."
Mr. CONKLING. I have no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would subject it to
the objection I have already made as to the
right to destroy defaced and mutilated notes.
Mr. CONKLING. I think there can be no
such criticism on my amendment as it stands.
I think the question had better be taken on the
amendment as I offered it. The suggestion of
the Senator from Ohio is that if I accept the
proposition of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts I involve myself in the criti-
cism that it might interfere ipith canceling
defaced and mutilated .notes and substituting
other notes for them. Of course my amend-
ment does not mean that as I offered it.
Mr. MORTON. I see no necessity for the
introduction of the element proposed by this
amendment into the bill. It has been said
here that if we shall suspend further contrac-
tion that will be equivalent to a declaration in
favor of expansion. I think there is nothing
in that. Congress can come to the conclusion
that we have arrived at that period when con-
traction should cease without being involved
in the other conclusion that expansion should
begin. I am in favor of keeping this bill
clear from any other question ; let us pass it
substantially as it came from the House of
Representatives. It is not necessary that the
Senate should now give an opinion upon the
question whether under any circumstances there
should be an increase of the currency. Let us
pass this bill resolving that contraction shall
now cease, and not incorporate with it other
considerations or other questions that may
arise during the session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is objected to this
amendment, I suppose, that it is unnecessary ;
but I think it is advisable in one point of view.
In the few remarks that I had the honor to
make the other day to the Senate I stated that
I thought the great objection to this bill was
that it would create the impression in the coun-
try that we meant to do nothing further at any
time with reference to a return to specie pay-
ments. It is certainly so understood. This
bill may be subject to misrepresentation, and
it may be said that really the design is to ex-
pand again and enlarge the currency. The
adoption of this amendment will put an end to
any such supposition, and in that particular
would have a tendency, in my judgment, to
quiet the public mind as to any fears of*Sjthat
description. It certainly can do no harm;
and with reference to that particular point it
may do a great deal of good. This reason, of
course, would not apply to gentlemen (if there
are any such here) who really desire further
expansion, and do not wish that any stumbling-
block or obstruction should be placed in the
way of it; but I take it there are not many
who entertain such views; I hopo not, at any
rate. That being the case, I think it would be
just as well to have this bill put upon its true,
clear basis, that we mean to go po further, ana
do not mean to be understood as going any
further, than for the present suspending the
contraction of the currency. I am opposed to
the bill for a reason which I stated, and because
of the effect I think it will produce ; but this
amendment might tend in some way to allay
some possible danger.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust, the Senate will
not adopt this amendment; not that I think it
would change the existing law, for I have no
doubt upon that point, that the Secretary of the
Treasury has no power to issue any more notes.
I think the Senator from Maine will agree with
me that under the law as it now stands the Sec-
retary has not power to issue a five dollar bill
except from the reserve to meet the contin-
gency contemplated by act of June 30, 1864,
and also to supply the place of mutilated and
defaced notes; and that is the opinion of the
Secretary himself. Therefore this amendment
is of no account and might only beget a con-
troversy. As to answering what might be
reached in the markets at New York or else-
where, that is simply idle. All we may do
here cannot do that. There is no doubt about
the law; the effect of the bill will be, if it passes
as it now stands, that the contraction of cur-
rency will cease, and there can be no increase
of the currency except to provide for the reserve
under the act of June 30, 1864. This amend-
ment as it now stands would cutoff the payment
of the reserve. I know the Senator from New
York does not desire that, but it would make
it necessary to have another amendment added
as a proviso to avoid that result, because if the
amendment was adopted the amount of notes
could not be increased, and yet under the exist-
ing laws there is provision for $50,000,000 to
provide for temporary liabilities. We have now
outstanding $23,000,000 of three per cent,
demand certificates; they will be increased to
$50,000,000; they may be presented, and will
no doubt be presented, from time to time for
payment. The Secretary must have power to
meet these demand certificates as they are pre-
sented, and we must reserve that power.
I trust, therefore, the bill will stand as it is.
The legal effect is clearly understood; there can
be no dispute about it; that is, that the present
amount of United States notes, $356,000,000,
shall not be reduced, and there is no authority
of law to increase it except for a purpose we
must provide for.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will allow
me to ask, has that particular point been called
distinctly to the attention of the Secretary of
the Treasury as to his power to increase the
volume of notes ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it has been, but I
will not speak advisedly.
Mr. HOWARD. I think the Senator ought
to be very sure on that point.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would not speak author-
itatively from him unless authorized to do so,
but I have no doubt that is the proper con-
struction.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator has had no
officialcom muni cation with him on the subject?
Mr. SHERMAN. No official communica-
tion whatever. Perhaps attention has not been
directed to the point in such a way that be has
written any communication on this subject.
Mr. HOWARD. It is certainly a very
important consideration.
Mr. CATTELL. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that, if I under-
stand the object of the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New York, it will prevent the issue
of any part of the $50,000,000 reserve. If
that is not so, I do not specially object to it.
The,power to issue that reserve' is granted by
law; and as I understand the amendment it is
that the existing amount of notes shall not be
reduced or increased. If I am correct, that is
a question which the Senate decided after a
full discussion on that very point, and I should
be sorry to see it adopted if the amendment is
capable of the construction I put upon it. The
Senator can enlighten me if I am wrong.
Mr. MORTON. I do not think it can be
pretended for a moment by any Senator that
the Secretary ef the Treasury has power to
issue a single note to replace those that have
been canceled under the operation of the law
we are now about to suspend. That pretense,
I think, cannot be made by anybody, and there-
fore the adoption of the amendment offered by
the Senator from New York will simply amount
to an expression of opinion on a ecmewhat
important question by this Senate. I think
there is no occasion for it now, and I am not
in favor of incumbering the passage of this bill
at this time by the expression of any opinion,
whatever may be its character, outside of the
immediate purview of the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from New
Jersey asked me a question which I desire to
answer. I had already noted on a copy of the
bill which I have an amendment which 1 intend
to offer if this amendment shall be adopted, or
as a part of this, meeting precisely the sugges-
tion of the Senator from New Jersey, provid-
ing that nothing herein shall be construed to
affect the power of the Secretary in regard to
this reserve.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Indiana tells us that the adoption of the
amendment moved by the Senator from New
York will be a mere expression of the opinion
of the Senate. Well, sir, I think its great
value is that it will be an expression of the
sentiment of the Senate of the United States.
I have been disposed to vote for this bill pro-
posing that we shall stop contraction at the
present time ; but I am inflexibly opposed to
an inflation of the currency. Senators tell us
that is their opinion also. If that be so, why
I not put it in this bill ? If we vote to stop con-
; traction, and let the amount of the currency
j remain as it is, why can they not consent to
! give confidence and rest to the country by
declaring that there shall be no inflation?
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me I will tell him why I cannot do it. I wish
it distinctly understood that I am opposed to
any further issue of United States notes be-
yond the amount authorized by the present
law, and will not vote for it. But the reason
why I am opposed to this amendment is that
in my opinion the most rapid road to specie
payments is to provide a bond in which the
Government of the United States will allow
all surplus greenbacks to float, and in that
case it would be necessary to fix a limit within
which this funding operation may go on—the
greenbacks to float into bonds, and vice versa
! —so as to prevent a too rapid stringency in
i the money market. This proposition would
cut off the expression of opinion of the Sen-
ate upon that question, which I do not wish
now to discuss, and I do not present it for the
purpose of having it discussed. There is no
doubt that under the law the Secretary of the
Treasury has no power to issue another dollar
of United States notes, and if any Senator
claims that he has that power let him produce
the law. There are but two laws on the sub-
ject which bear on that point. One limits
the amount of issues to $400,000,000, the
other authorizes him to reduce that amount
$4,000,000 a month. He has reduced it by
canceling the notes. He has no authority to
supply their place by new notes. There is,
therefore, no object in this amendment; it k
simply introducing a discussion for the pur-
pose of eliciting an expression of opinion by
the Senate which I think had better be
reserved.
Mr. WILSON. I am clearly of the opinion
that the vote of the Senate the other day on
the proposition of the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] has had a disturbing effect on
the country. It has been one of the influences
that have sent gold up in the market. It has
carried an impression to the country that we
