2932
MB CONGKESSIOML GLOBM.
June &,
bam a, and perhaps to pas® the bill which the
House of Representatives'has already passed.
That House has passed a hill recognizing the
State officers elected there under this consti-
tution in order to put the government in the
hands, as they say, of loyal men. That bill,
which is similar to the one that was introduced
in this body by the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Stewart/] has already passed the House
of Representatives and is now pending in the
Committee on the Judiciary, and I trust, if
Alabama is not- inserted in this bill, we shall
fc&e up that bill and act on it. But I bog of
Senators, whatever may be theirviews in regard
to Alabama, to look for a moment at this other
view: there is certainly distinction between
the condition of Alabama and that of any
other of these States ; and why not let Ala-
bama go by itself even if you propose to rec-
ognize the State government? If you put it
in this bill you embarrass the bill, and there is
very great danger of our losing the whole ;
and shall five States be held back in conse-
quence of this difference between the condi-
tion of Alabama, and the condition of each
of the other five States ? Senators will bear
in mind that Alabama was inserted in this bill
in the House of Representatives by a tolerably
close vote. I do not recollect the exact vote,
but it was only a small majority. I believe it
■was at one time voted out and afterward put
in by a small majority. Although it is pos-
sible that tlie two 'Houses might agree if the
Senate should insist upon keeping Alabama in
this bill, to pass the bill in that form, we still
run a hazard of losing the bill by reason of
putting another State into it; and what reason
can be given for it? I do not see what the
reason is. There certainly is 110 reason for
putting any two States together. It may be a
little more convenient in legislation, but there
is no principle in it. We might take each
State up separately, Alabama, North Caro-
lina, Georgia, and South Carolina. It is only
a matter of convenience that they are here put
together at all.
Mr. CONNE3S. Will my friend permit me ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. There are two reasons
why more than one State should be put in at a
time; first, convenience 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That I concede.
Mr. CONNESS. Next, necessity. The same
necessities that exist for the admission of the
other States, exist in like degree for the admis-
sion of Alabama, and it is not wise to be ex-
tending this session and introducing half a
dozen bills for what we can do in one, and I
would have been pleased that the State of Ark-
ansas had been in the same bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I conceded that it would
be a matter of-convenience, but I do not see
the necessity, nor do I see that the Senator
from California gives any necessity for it. He
says it will prolong the session ; that may be
so, but that is a matter of convenience and
not of necessity. Each of these States might
be in a bill by itself so far as any necessity is
concerned, because surely admitting these
States to representation one by one would
accomplish the object just as well as if they
were admitted altogether. The word "neces-
sity " it seems to me can hardly bo applied to
it. There is a matter of convenience.
Mr. CONNESS. I used it in reference to
this State and its conditions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will admit that there
is the same disorganization and difficulty in
Alabama as in the other States, and I have
already stated in the hearing of the Senator
from California that I thought some legislation
was necessary to remedy that condition of
things, and I shall be quite ready to cooperate
in such legislation as the Senate may be able
to agree upon in regard-to it.
I ought to say one other word in regard to
the registration. The official documents from
which I read are documents that were commu-
nicated before the correction was made in Ala-
bama of the registration. The official docu-
ment from which I read was communicated to
Gongress -on the 7th of May, 1868, and it gives
the registered voters in those States at the time
the communications were made to the com-
manding general by the military -commanders
in the vaiious districts ; and ia Alabama I see
that the registered vole is stated at 165,813. I
believe that does not contain the additions. I
suppose it does not, because I have seen it
stated somewhere else that there were one hun-
dred and seventy thousand registered voters in
Alabama ; and I suppose that arises from the
additions that were made after the registration
was opened. :
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
to say a word ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. There were some four
or five thousand added to the registration ; but
by a mistake in that State, which was not
applied to the others, the people who had died
or moved away were not stricken off by the
registrars. There ought probably to have been
eight or ten thousand names stricken off on
that account. Then there were four counties
with thirteen thousand registered votes, where
there was no election ; in one of them there
were twenty-nine hundred votes, but the bal-
lot-box was stolen. Take* out thirteen thou-
sand for those four counties and you reduce the
registration to one hundred and fifty-six thou-
sand. Now that I am up I will say to the Sena-
tor from Illinois that he has made a great mis
take 
Mr. SHERMAN. I mean to correct him
in regard to the figures.
Mr. WILSON. Then I will leave it to the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I read from this docu-
ment communicated on the 7th of May, and I
was stating- that I understood there had been
in the correction of the registration in Alabama
some-four or five thousand added to it. That
official statement 1 have not before me, but I
suppose that accounts for the discrepancy be-
tween the one hundred sixty-five thousand
reported in this document and the one hundred
and seventy thousand. It is possible, also,
that there may have been similar corrections
in otherStates, though I have not the evidence
of it.
Mr. WILSON. There were. The Sena-
tor's figures are the basis on which they voted
for the convention, they were largely increased
in some of the States, carried up several
thousand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there any evidence
of that communicated to Congress?
Mr. WILSON. It is not communicated to
Congress officially ; but I have seen statements
of the fact in the papers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There may have been
such statements in the public prints; but I
have not seen them. Tins official document
from the head-quarters of the Army on the 7th
of May is a late document, in answer to a res-
olution of the Senate. It contains a statement
of the number of white and colored voters in
each ef the States subject to the reconstruction
acts of Congress. It professes to give the
number registered up to its date, May 7. It
also gives" the vote upon the question of calling
conventions. If there is any other official
document giving a correction of any of these
lists, I have it not before me and I have not
seen it except as to the State of Alabama; I
understand four or five thousand votes were
added there.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the state-
ment I made to tiie Senate was perfectly true ;
and yet one would think, from the very confi-
dent manner in which the Senator from Illi-
nois addressed me when putting the question,
that there was no way to answer him ; but it
seems to me thai if he had examined this sub-
ject with the cart) and solicitude its merits
require, he would have known that he was
misleading the Senate l)y reading to them the
figures he did. What 1 said was that the num-
ber of persons who had voted for the consti-
tutional convention and for the ratification of
the constitution was greater in Alabama than
in any other of these States,- I should, per-
haps, except South Carolina, because I have
not the final return of South Carolina before
me. The document here produced would tend
to deceive any one who had not examined it.
Now, what are the facts of the ease? These
documents show that the number of registered
votes in the State of Alabama were first one
hundred and sixty-six thousand. They were
subsequently increased to one hundred and
seventy thousand by an illegal rectification of
the registry. The number of votes oast for
the convention in Alabama at the Hrstelection,
(because the Senate must keep the distinctiou
between the two elections, one for the conven-
tion and one upon the ratification of the con-
stitution,) was ninety thousand two hundred
and eighty-three, or sixty per cent, of the en-
tire registered vote, more than one half. Thai
election occurred early, perhaps in October or
November, when the people could attend the
jolls, and the number wh'o'voted for the con-
vention was ninety thousand two hundred and
eight-three. -
Mr. TRUMBULL. I said nothing about
the convention election.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yon were speaking of
the vote on the ratification of the constitution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am coming to that in a
moment. Now, the Senator assumes that only
seventy thousand votes were cast in Alabama
in the following election in February on the
adoption of the constitution, and he compares
that vote in Alabama, the second vote, not the
first, with the vote on the convention in the
other States. I say that in the document he
has read from, there is no report whatever of
a single vote cast on the adoption of any con-
stitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I read from another
document that does state it. Let me read from
it again:
"Headquarters, Abhy op the Tjsited States,
" Washington, D. C., May 12,1S58.
"In compliance with the resolution of the House
of Representatives of May 11, 1868,1 have the honor
to submit the following statement of the number of
votes cast for and against the constitutions of North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Louisiana, and
Alabama, as reported by the several district com-
manders.
" Korth Carolina for the constitution"—
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has read all
that paper.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But I understood the
Senator to say that I read in the other States
the votes for the convention. I never read
any votes for a convention.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will compare the lists
of votes as they are furnished to us, and show
how that stands. Now, I say take the vote for
the convention in Alabama, with the vote for
the convention in any of these States, and how
does that vote compare?
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. EDMUNDS.
That is not the question.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ I know that; but I will
| come to it. More interest was taken in the
, question of a convention in Alabama than in
; any otherState, because there were more loyal
j people there. The whole cf northern Alabama
is peopled by loyal people, who were loyal at
the beginning of the war. How was it after-
ward? You compare the votes of these States
afterward. What were the circumstanccs uk-
der which the election was held in February?
The Senator from Illinois said only seventy
thousand voted ; but how many had an oppor-
tunity to vote? Did every registered voter in
Alabama have the opportunity to vote? Does
the Senator say that? There were one hun-
dred and sixty-six thousand registered. There
was no election held in four counties where
nobody could vote, and more than thirteen
thousand registered voters lived in those four
counties. Deduct those thirteen thousand and
I you have your registered list reduced to one
hundred and fifty-three thousand. Under the
i law as it then stood nobody could vote unless
j he voted in the precinct where he was regis-
I tered, and inconvenient polling places wete
I selected. How many could flot vote because
