1908
\ —
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16*
its judgment under the existing laws of Con-
gress touching disabilities imposed upon per-
sons offering to practice as counselors of law
before that tribunal. But it can make no
dieision in the premises that operates either
upon the House of Representatives or upon
the Senate. Therefore, with all due respect
to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,]
I beg leave to say that the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States, to which
he has referred, in no wise touches the ques-
tion now pending before this House; and that
is whether the Congress of the United States
shall remove the disabilities imposed by the
laws of the United States.
Now, I have one other word to say; and
that is that the law to which the gentleman re-
ferred, namely, the a^tof 1862, which express-
ly authorized the President of the United
States to proclaim amnesty, has been repealed
by the power that made it; so that the very
reason, upon which the decision of the Supremo
Court rests no longer operates.
Now, if any relief at all is to be extended to
these persons, it remains with Congress to
extend it; and I pray the House to consider
that the bill by its terms operates only upon
the acts of Congress, and not at all upon the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. BLAINE. Then it does not require a
two-thirds vote to pass this bill?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir.
Mr. BLAINR. Only a majority vote.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is all.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stand the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixgiiam]
to entertain the opinion that the fourteenth
article of the amendments to the Constitution
has already become a part of the Constitution
by the action of a sufficient number of States.
I wish to ask him now whether he entertains
the opinion that the fundamental law of the
land is any law at all ?
Mr. BINGIIAM. Certainly it is.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. And
does it not fall within the scope of the bill we
are now asked to vote for?
Mr. BINGHAM. No,sir; and I undertake
tosaythatno act of Congress, from 178!) to
this hour, which by its terms simply recited
"the laws of the United States," was ever
held, either by Congress or by your judicial tri-
bunals, to operate at all upon the text of the
Constitution or to be intended to so operate.
That is my answer to the gentleman.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I would
like the gentleman to state distinctly whether
he is of opinion, as a lawyer, that under the
term "law" a constitutional provision would
not be comprehended in its construction by
the courts.
Mr. BINGHAM. " The laws of the United
States" is the term applied to the acts of Con-
gress.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Is not
the Constitution "the supreme law of the
land?"
Mr.BINGHAM. Itis. Butitisthesupreme
law enacted by the people of the United States ;
and the gentleman ought to remember that
the enacting words of an act of Congress are
not " be it enacted by the people of the United
States." The introductory words of the Con-
stitution, however, are, " We, the people of
the United States, do ordain and establish this
Constitution." A law of the United States,
in the ordinary acceptation of the term, is an
entirely different thing from a constitutional
provision.
I do not propose to waste words about this
question. If the gentleman thinks that after
the pledge we have given to the people of this
country it is well to repudiate that pledge, let
him do it. For one I will not do it. Among
the men who are named in this bill are men
who saved yourfamishingprisonersfrom death
in the prison pens of the rebellion, yet gentle-
men stand here to quibble about passing this
bill. I ask for the vote.
_ Mr. SCHENCK. I ask my colleague to
yield to me for a moment ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will do so.
Mr. SCHENCK. Amid the confusion here
it is very difficult to understand at what point
we have arrived and what we have under con-
sideration. I had supposed that a bill was re-
ported recognizing the mode prescribed in the
fourteenth article of the amendments to the
Constitution for removing these disabilities by
a two-thirds vote of both Houses of Congress.
I understand now that a distinction is drawn
between coming back through that door and
coming back through some relief from dis-
ability incurred under some particular statute.
That 1 may know what is here intended, I will
inquire of my colleague in the first place what
is to be the effect of this bill if it should pass?
Will it restore these men to the privilege of
holding office, civil and military?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; I answer my
colleague very candidly, it will do no such
thing, because the disability in regard to hold-
ing office is a disability imposed by the four-
teenth article of the amendments to the Con-
stitution ; but it will remove from these men
the disability imposed by our acts of recon-
struction, by which they are excluded from
registration and from voting even in the elec-
tions of the State.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, the four-
teenth article of the amendments to the Con-
stitution provides in the third section that—
"No person shall be aSerattor or Representative in
Congress, or elector of President ami Vice President,
or hold any ollicc, civil or military, under the United
States, or under any State, who, having previously
taken anoath as a member ol Congress, or as an otlicer
of the United States, or as a member of any State
.Legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of
any State, to support the Constitution of the United
Stales, shall havo engaged in insurrection or rebel-
lion against the same, or given aid or comfort to tiio
enemies thereof. JJut Congress may, by a vote of
two thirds of eaoli House, remove such disability."
Now, bir, I am in favor of removing the dis-
abilities in some at least of these cases, which
I know, so far as we can well know such a
thing, to be particularly meritorious. 1 know
that there are in the list here presented men
who have been devoting their lives to this work
of reconstruction in conformity with the policy
of Congress. But, sir, I will never vote for any
bill of any kind to remove any disability from
any of them unless they come in through the
door provided inthe constitutional amendment:
that is, by a vote of two thirds of both Houses!
To ascertain whether we were moving in that
direction was my object in making this inquiry.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man is welcome to his vote and his speech. I
anticipated the very difficulty which my col-
league has presented, and I drew with my
own hand a provision for insertion in this bill
to extend relief in these cases in accordance
with the fourteenth article of the amendments;
but it was suggested to me that that must be
done at another step. The position in which
my colleague puts himself is simply this: that
he will not favor the removal of any disabili-
ties unless we can remove all at once. It was
suggested to me that for the very reasons so
well stated by my colleague it was of some ad-
vantage in this work of reconstruction that
these men should be relieved from the dis-
abilities resting upon them under the statute
law of the United States, so that they might
actively participate in the work of reorganizing
the State governments. But my colleague
seems to conclude that the committee were all
at sea, mistook the temper of the House, and
concluded that they would do nothing unless
they could do all things.
Now, I beg leave to say a word further in
vindication of the action of the committee.
While we do believe, or at least I believe, that
the fourteenth article of the amendments having
already been ratified by three fourths of the
organized States of this Union is therefore
entitled to be proclaimed a part of the Consti-
tution, yet every man in America knows that
that amendment is not operative, and never can
be operative as part of the Constitution until
it is by the law-making power, in some form.,
so proclaimed, which has not been done.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will wait until that is
acknowledged all round to be a part of the
supreme law of the land.
Mr. BINGHAM. Of course, the gentleman
will wait.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is not in order unless his colleague yields to
him.
Mr. BINGHAM. Of course, my colleague
will have to wait. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois, my colleague on the com-
mittee.
Mr. FARNSWORTIL Mr. Speaker, there
is evidently some misunderstanding here in re-
gard to the object of this bill. The commit-
tee investigated the different names presented
to it, and upon repeated investigations came
to the conclusion they were proper persons
from whom disabilities should be removed.
Some of them, as has been stated by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgham,] were men
who fed our prisoners in the rebel prisons.
Others were men who held some petty office.
Mr. MULLINS. Will the gentleman allow me?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not now. Others
held some petty office.
Mr. DR1GGS. I make the point of order
that gentlemen must take their seats. The
confusion is so great we cannot hear what is
going on.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen must take their
seats and suspend conversation.
Mr. FARNSWOll'ITI. Others were men
who held some petty offices before, and per-
haps through the war, like the man whose
letter I hold in my hand ; men who fought the
rebellion before, during, and after the war.
Others are men who have accepted the situa-
tion cheerfully, in good faith, and in conse-
quence have been ostracised and set upon by
the whole press of the South.
But, sir, I rose chiefly for the purpose of
saying, as a member of the Reconstruction Com-
mittee, it was my understanding the purpose of
this bill was to remove the disabilities of these
persons in pursuance of the Tourteenth article
of the Constitution of the United States, also
with the understanding that it would require a
two-thirds vote of both Houses to pass the bill
and make it effective. That certainly was my
understanding; and I believe it was the under-
standing of the other members of the com-
mittee.
Mr. BINGHAM. There was not a word of
the sort syllabled in the committee. I drew
the bill myself. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Boutwell] knows he suggested
I should strike it out.
I yield now to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes.J If issues of this sort
are to be made with me I will withdraw from
further participation in this business. I say,
sir, not one word was uttered in committee as
has been suggested. I drew the bill as it is,
and was advised by the members of the com-
mittee it would carry.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ohio
knows I am desirous to coopeiate with him so
far as the cases embraced in this bill are con-
cerned; but I desire his car for a moment. 1
desire to inquire of liira whether, if this bill
becomes law, any gentleman whose name is
embraced in it is relieved thereby from taking
the oath of otlicc prescribed by the act of July
180:2, or whether, nevertheless, and not-
withstanding, this act requires every man must
swear he has not participated in this rebellion ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I suppose he is relieved
from the acts of Congress.
Mr. DAWES. 1 do not see, Mr. Speaker,
how he can be relieved from the disabilities
imposed by that act when that act is not men-
tioned in this bill; but I suppose the bill we
passed the other day, provided this bill should
pas3 by a two-thirds vote, the general bill we
passed the other day would effect that object.
I only inquire of the gentleman from Ohio how
