1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in the world he is going to benefit those gen-
tlemen unless they come within the provisions
of that general bill, unless this also passes by
a two-thirds vote?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no doubt the bill
relives them from the disabilities, as I have
said before, imposed by the acts of Congress.
I ask leave to say further, I did draw it so as
to extend to the disabilities under the Consti-
tution. And I beg leave to say further, in the
hearing of the geutleman from Massachusetts,
of that committee, I struck that line out at his
own suggestion.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow
me? Does he say how the persons named in
this bill are to be relievedfrom taking the oath
prescribed by the act of July 2, 1862?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have answered it before.
This repeals pro tanto all the acts of Congress
imposing disabilities. That is the answer the
gentleman requires.
I yield now to the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker,
it seems to me there is some misunderstanding
about this bill. If I have a correct appreciation
of it, it will relieve the persons whose names
are included in the first section of all disability
imposed by the fifth and sixth sections of the
act entitled " An act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States,"
passed March 2, 1867.
The proviso to the fifth section is as follows:
" Provided, That no person excluded from the privi-
lege of holding office by said proposed amendment
to the Constitution of the United States shall be eli-
gible to election as a member of the convention to
frame a constitution for any of said rebel States, nor
shall any such person vote for members of such con-
vention."
Then the sixth section is as follows :
"Skc. G, And be it further enacted, That until the
people of said rebel States shall be by law admitted to
representation in the Congress of the United States,
any civil governments which may exist therein shall
be deemed provisional only, and in all respects sub-
ject to the paramount authority of the United States
at any time to abolish, modify, control, or supersede
the same; and in all elections to any office under
such provisional governments all persons shall bo
entitled to vote and none others, who aro entitled
to vote under the provisions of the fifth section of
this act; and no person shall bo eligible to any office
under any such provisional governments who would
bo disqualified Irom holding office under the provis-
ions of the third article of said constitutional
amendment.
Mr. DAWES. Now I put the same question
to the gentleman from Iowa, I put to the gen-
tleman from Ohio. Suppose one of these men
named in this bill is relieved from these dis-
abilities and is elected a member of Congress,
would he have to take the oath?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Undoubtedly he
•would.
Mr. DAWES. He would have to swear
that he had not participated in the rebellion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. As 1 understand
the effect of this bill it will be, as I have al-
ready stated, to relieve the parties named in
it from the disabilities imposed by the two sec-
tions which I have read of the act of March 2,
18G7. Those disabilities affect them as citi-
zens of the several States where they reside ;
that is to say, that until we shall have admit-
ted the State of North Carolina to represent-
ation in Congress, no person upon whom these
disabilities are imposed can hold any office in
that State under the constitution and laws of
that State. That is the length and breadth of
the disabilities of which this bill treats, as I
understand it. It does not relate to the hold-
ing of any office under the General Govern-
ment, but simply to the holding of office in the
State where they reside.
Mr. PRICE. I ask my colleague whether
that disability can be removed without a two-
thirds vote ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Unquestionably
that disability can be removed by the same
vole which passed this bill.
Mr. PRICE. Which imposed it?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, sir; which
imposed it. Its passage was interfered with
by a veto; but it could have been passed by a
majority vote.
Mr. PRICE. Let me call my colleague's
attention to the fourteenth article, which pro-
vides they shall not hold any office under the
State government without a two-thirds vote
of both Houses of Congress.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If my colleague is
correct and the constitutional amendment is
in force, and, therefore, these parties cannot
be relieved except by a two-thirds vote, then
this bill is worth nothing at all; but, on the
contrary, if he is in error, if that amendment
is not yet a part of the Constitution, the pas-
sage of this bill will relieve the parties named
of their disabilities under the two sections to
which I have referred. The gentleman from
Tennnssee asks me what effect this bill will
have upon the test-oath. I do not think it will
have any effect. If it is as I construe it, then
it does not apply to Federal officers; and as no
other officers are required to take the test-oath
this does not affect the test-oath provided by
law.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Will the gentleman from
Iowa allow me to make an inquiry? Is not
the dispensing with that oath provided for by
law, and does not this provision which relieves
these persons from all disabilities imposed upon
them by the laws of the United States cover
that test oath ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The act to which
the gentleman refers removes the obligation to
take the oath, but does not remove disabili-
ties. But if there is any danger of that. I cer-
tainly would have an amendment to this bill,
so as to exclude from it any such operation.
I will never consent, at least until the country
is in a more settled condition than it is, to
modify or repeal that oath. But my construc-
tion of the bill is this : that it relates to per-
sons as residents and citizens of the several
rebel States, and relates to them as exercising
the right of franchise within the States, or of
holding office under the States. Now, sir, if
there is any difficulty 
Mr. BINGHAM. I resume the floor. I
want to know what the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. CovodeJ wishes.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man from Ohio has yielded to me, but as my
impulses are all against relieving any of these
persons, and believing that Governor Gilmer
is one of the best of those that aro named, in
order to disembarrass the question I will with-
draw his name. It appears to me it would
require a two-thirds vote to relieve him.
The SPEAKER. 11 will require unanimous
consent to withdraw it now, the previous ques-
tion operating.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. BRO JIWELL. Will the gentleman from
Ohio yield to me?
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the House will
either pass this bill, vote it down, or adjourn.
Mr. SCOPIELD. Will the gentleman yield
to me to make a motion to adjourn?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCOFHiLD. I ^jnove that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
' PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rules, and referred to the appropriate
committees;
By the SPEAKER: Resolutions of the west
ward Republican club of Petersburg, Virginia,
approving the action of the House of Repre-
sentatives in impeaching Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States.
By Mr. BROOMALL: The petition of the
clerks and employes in the Executive Depart-
ments, praying for the establishment of a public
library for their use and improvement.
By Mr. BUTLER: The petition of Rufus
King Howell, of New Orleans, praying Con-
gress to remove from him political disabilities
on account of holding an office under the con-
federate government.
Also, the petition of manufacturers of tonics
and bitters, of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, "in •
regard to tax under existing laws.
Also, the resolution of Ben. Butler council
No. 21, union league of America, approving
the course pursued by Hon. E. M. Stanton,
and pledging the whole strength of the league
in support of Congress.
Also, the petition of journeymen cigstr-
makers and manufacturers m regard to the tax
on cigars.
Also, the petition of citizens of Hyde Park,
Massachusetts, in favor of paying the five-twenty
bonds in the lawful currency of the country.
Also, the petition of Nathaniel Tarr. for re-
lief.
By Mr. CAVANAUGH: The petition of John
Donegan and others, citizens of Nevada, in the
Territory of Montana, relative to the rights of
naturalized American citizens in foreign coun-
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petition of Ly-
ons & Finney, Goble & McFarlane, and others,
shipowners and shipbuilders, of Oswego, New
York, asking for the nationalization of certain
Canadian-built vessels therein mentioned.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: A concur-
rent resolution of the Legislature of the State
of Kansas, requesting Congress to soamendau
act entitled "An act for a grant of land to the
State of Kansas, in alternate sections, to aid in
the construction of a certain railroad and tele-
graph line in said State," approved March 3,
1863, that when the Atchison, Topeka, and
Santa Fe Railroad Company shall complete
and put in running order twenty consecutive
miles they may take up from lands at any
point on said road granted in said act an
amount sufficient to make up any deficit found
in lands granted by said act on the portion of
road so completed, and so continue until said
road is completed. Also, that the line of said
road may be changed to the southern boundary
of Kansas, with the same grants and privileges
as now held.
Also, a concurrent resolution of the Legisla-
ture oftheState of Kansas, memorializing Con-
gress to extend to the Union Pacific Railway,
Southern Branch Company, the same subsidy
in the bonds of the United States as is granted
to the eastern branches of the Union Pacific
railway.
Also, a concurrent resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of Kansas, pledging unani-
mous support to Congress, not only in the re-
moval of Andrew Johnson, if found guilty, but
of every other obstruction to reconstruction
upon a loyal basis.
Also, a memorial of G. E. Reside, asking
payment for Army stores transported by him.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of captains,
vessel owners, and officers on the lakes of Buf-
falo and vicinity, for the erection of a light-
house at the mouth of Au Sauble river, Lake
Huron, Michigan; thegreatnecessityforwhich
has been increased by the erection of a harbor
now being built by the Government.
By Mr. FIELDS: The petition of J. W.
Church and others, in opposition to the bill now
proposed by the Committee of Ways and Means
affixing a stamp as a tax upon cigars.
By Mr. FLANDERS: The petition of citi-
zens of King county, Washington Territory, in
relation to certain overflowed lands in said
county.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition oflOOciti-
zens of Cleveland, Ohio, praying that the Con-
stitution of the United States be so amended
as to abolish the office of President.
By Mr. GLOSSBRENNER: The petition of
Franklin Stoner, late of company G, eighty-
fourth Pennsylvania volunteers, praying for a
pension.
Also, the petition of the Mount Holly Paper
Company and of sundry paper makers of
Mount Holly, Pennsylvania, praying Congress
not to enact the bill now pending to create an
international copyright.
Also, a memorial from journeymen cigar-
makers and manufacturers of cigars, of Ytfrk
