1868.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
they knew not that the Government could
repay it. We were then told by a certain class
of men that we would never pay the debt, and
now they are trying to so arrange matters that
we shall not pay it. Patriotism, honesty, and
manliness alike rebuke and condemn these
men.
Sir, I have been clearly of the opinion that
we should have to so arrange our debt that,
like other property, it should pay taxes. I said
so in this body before the close *f the war.
While I will maintain at any cost® ur faith to
the men who hold the bonds to-day, I am in
favor of adopting a policy consolidating those
debts and putting them in a form in which they
may be taxed. Before I left home I called upon
several gentlemen, large bond-holders—men
who have in season and out of season worked
during the war for the interests of the country;
men whose hearts and words and works were
for the country in the time of trial; men who
took bonds at a time when those who sympa-
thized with rebels told them they would never
be paid—and I asked them what they thought
of the proposition of so changing the bonds as
to provide for national or local taxation, and
every man of them said that these bonds ought
to be taxed ; that we ought to keep our faith; j
but we ought to make a change so that this '
large property could be taxed like other prop- 1
erty. When in Boston the other day I met,
by invitation for another purpose, several gen-
tlemen, among whom were persons who took
an interest in this question of taxing the bonds.
Every one of them said that we ought to make
the change and that the bonds would be safer
if they paid their part of the public burdens.
They expect us, however, to keep inviolate the
faith of the Government and we ought to do it;
and the man who does not intend to keep
inviolate the national faith is, in my judgment,
an unpatriotic and dishonest man. I hope 1
have answered my friend from California.
Mr. CONNESS. Fully.
Mr. WILSON. I now gay to the Senator
from Missouri that if he has a good banking bill
with proper guards and checks, that looks to
bringing this nation to the solid basis of a
sound currency within a reasonable period, he
can count on my vote for such a system. I do '
not want anything for my section of the coun- j
try. I am not willing to give to all other sec-
tions of the country. I want to see the time 1
when the quantity of money of the country .
shall be regulated by business interests rather j
than by our undertaking to say how much cir- 1
culation we should have, how much we should
contract, and how much we should expand.
But, sir, I think that Senators who ask us now
to make this declaration of opinion ought to
give us the privilege of saying that while we
intend to stop contraction we do not intend to
enter on a policy of expansion. Let the specu-
lators and the speculative class of men who
have been clamoring for expansion so long
understand that we are not going into this
kiting business.
I desire to say a word in reply to what has
been said by the Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Sprague.] I am not among those who
believe that this country is going to ruin polit-
ically or financially. To hear some men talk
and to read some papers it might be thought
that by the interference of the President or
something else we were not going to reconstruct
the rebel States. Sir, they will be reconstructed
on the congressional plan, Andrew Johnson
and his supporters to the contrary notwith-
standing, ana the people there will do it. I
expressed the opinion the other day' that during
the last seven years the loyal States had made
great progress in wealth. The Senator from
Rhode Island denied the proposition! I received
last evening from the treasurer of the State of
New Jersey a letter showing the amount of
property taxable in that State in 1860 and 1866,
and it showed an increase of sixty per cent, in
six years. I received a letter to-day from the
treasurer of New York showing a large increase
in that State. The loyal States have increased
in wealth during the last eight years more than
they have expended in the war, more than the
whole national debt, and especially the north-
western States, which have increased in popu-
lation and wealth with great rapidity. Prices
have fallen, but the price of agricultural prod-
ucts have not fallen for the reason that there
has been a failure of the crops in Europe as
well as here. We are better off financially and
commercially thftn the people of France or of
England, where they have so much hard money, I
and where they have the great banking insti- j
tution which the Senator from Rhode Island
asks us to adopt.
Instead of adopting that gigantic scheme so
warmly commended by the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island, and which seems to me to
be illy-adapted to the genius and spirit of our
institutions or the character and habits of our
people, I would suggest that we enter upon a
policy that shall prevent an annual balance of
trade amounting to two or three hundred rail-
lion dollars against us, and which necessitates
the sending abroad of hundreds of millions of
our bonds to pay balances of trade.
I know how natural it is for us to think when
we are not making money that we are all going
to ruin. The truth is that much of this cry in
the country is not real. Our people are think-
ing of the flesh-pots of Egypt; they are think-
ing of the fabulous prices of the war and the
vast sums of money they made then; and they
seem to think that everything is wrong and
that we are all going to ruin unless we make
money as we did in 1862, 1863,1864, and 1865.
It is not so. When we consider the great com-
mercial pressure in the Old World, that busi-
ness the wide world over has been depressed;
and when we consider the commercial revul-
sion, the reduction of the prices of merchan-
dise that we have had in this country, and see
how our merchants and business men have
stood .the pressure, we see the financial
strength of the people. It shows how strong
we are, how much money we have made, and
what we are able to bear. I know that many
people are out of employment, but I believe
that in a few months, if Congress is wise and
prudent, the nation will work out of these com-
mercial and financial troubles. We have a
great outcry from speculators and jobbers
against the policy that tends toward the re-
sumption of specie payments. If we should
convert our bonded debt into lying promises
to pay, by which greenbacks would become as
plenty as rebel graybacks, and as worthless,
too, many of the men who join in the outcry
against bond-holders, against taxation, against
specie payments and in favor of unlimited
expansion would not be benefited. Commer-
cial ruin and financial embarrassment would
come upon the people, ending in bankruptcy,
repudiation, personal degradation, and na-
tional dishonor.
Mr. CONKLING obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President—*-
Mr. CONKLING. I believe I have the floor,
but I will yield it to the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, if he wants it specially, with great
pleasure.
Mr. CAMERON. I am very much obliged
to the gentleman from New York. I desire to
have the pending amendment read.
The Secretary. It is proposed to amend
the amendment last adopted by inserting after
word "reduced" the words "or increased,"
so that it will read:
And the amount of such notes now eliding shal
not be further roduced or increased until Congress
shall otherwise provide.
Mr. CAMERON. I am opposed to that
amendment, because I think it is utterly use-
less and amounts to nothing. It seems to me
that whenever you insert superfluans words in
a law you do wrong. I have avoided saying
anything on the subject of this bill, for I thought
it one of those measures on which we ought to
act immediately, because it has a tendency to
give confidence to the people, and to afford
them temporary relief. Sir, in my experience
in banking and currency 1 ha we always found
that the tinkers with the currency are those
who do the mischief. Perhaps that is an
unkind word, and I do not mean to say any-
thing objectionable; but I will say that the
trouble which is experienced on such questions
arises from the efforts of those who believe
they know more than their neighbors, and are
always interjecting into the currency projects
which are unnatural.
Now, sir, I think there are great errors in
our currency, and probably great mistakes in
our banking system; but it does not seem to
me that this is the time to correct them. What
we want to do now is to satisfy the public mind
that we intend to go no further in the direction
we have been lately traveling so rapidly.
The greatdesideratum in matters of currency,
and indeed in all legislation affecting business,
is to let the people of the country know what
j is to be the system that you are going to pur-
sue. We have an intelligent constituency. We
! are, many of us, proud to say that the people
I of the United States are more intelligent than
j any other people in the world. I do not be-
I lieve that exactly to the full extent; but they
| are a pretty intelligent sort of folks. I think
| the public, the merchants, the dealers, the men
i who have an interest in this question of money,
| know a great deal more about it, as a general
I thing, than we do here in Congress. _ I would
1 give them stability; and I vote for this bill be-
cause it will satisfy them for the present that
there is to be no change. I do not care, so far
as the real interests of the country are con-
cerned, whether you make the currency fifty or
a hundred millions, more or less, if the people
know what the amount is to be for some fixed
and permanent time.
If I had had the framing of a measure on
this currency question I would alter it very
much. I should not ask to have a Bank of
Eqgland established in this country; neither
would I ask to have a United States bank.
While I believe that the Bank of England has
been of great service to England, and while I
believe that the United States Bank was of
immense benefit to this country, I do not be-
lieve you could satisfy the people of this coun-
try that either of them would be beneficial to
them now. What we want is to get the cur-
rency question out of politics. What we have
got to do now is to reform our expenses. We
got into the habit during the war of spending
money not only by millions but by hundreds
of millions. Many of the people made im-
mense fortunes in a year or two. They are
uneasy because they are not making fortunes
now. The manufacturers in Rhode Island,
and. ia Pennsylvania, if you like, and all over
the country, who made money then, are rest-
less because they are not making it now ; but
give them a little time ; let them know that
you are not going to interfere with them, and
they will go on with their business, the people
will be employed, and the national wealth will
be increased. I think our action in regard
to the currency and the legislation generally
affecting the finances should be such as to let
the country alone as far as possible. Do this
and it will work itself out of the position in
which it is now placed. I have known several
quack doctors in my experience who made
immense cures, as the country said, and they
made their cures by doing nothing, often by.
giving bread pills, while the regular doctors
thought they must give the patients strong
medicines and sometimes killed them. It ia
the regular doctors in Congress, those who
have learned this business of currency, studied
the subject of finance, and who believe they
know, and probably do know, more than any-
body else, who are doing the harm; it is not
the practical people. They do not want you
to disturb the question. They say, let it alone ;
but reduce your expenses and compel those
who under the law are expected to pay taxes
to pay them. In place of getting twenty-five
or thirty millions upon whisky, send out hon-
est men, as you ought to do, to collect the
revenue and get $150,000,000; in place of
getting $10,000,000upon oil,get $25,000,000)
.in place of getting about fifteen millions upon
