2934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
June 8.
the registration of Alabama at the same time
that I took the others.
Mr. STEWART. Made at a subsequent
period.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did- not take the last
into my calculation. I just took the official
document of all of them as given at the same
time.
Mr. STEWART. I want to explain that
the official document does not show the real
facts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It shows as near the
real facts in the other States as in Alabama.
The presumption is, it would show it as near
5n any other State as it did in Alabama ; that
it would be fair in reference to one as well as
the other.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator does not
•understand the facts yet. - In Alabama you
have returned with the return of the election
the whole number of votes registered and the
whole number of votes cast. In the other
States in this list you have not the whole
number of votes registered, but you have got
the whole number of votes cast. Now, I wish
the Senate not to be misled with regard to it.
Senators will remember seeing it in the pub-
lic prints that the whites started in and regis-
tered very rapidly immediately after we passed
the law making a majority of the votes cast
determine the question. The whites then at
once registered. In Georgia the estimate is
that ten, fifteen, or twenty thousand registered.
There has been no return of it, but certainly
it was a large number. Take the lowest esti-
mate and add it to the number of registered
votes returned, and you will find that Georgia
did not begin to do as well as Alabama. I
have not the figures before me, but a gentle-
man called at my room and took the estimates
made in the public prints of the increased
registration, and he came to the conclusion,
upon a very careful examination, that Ala-
bama had cast a larger vote in proportion to
the registration at the time the election took
place than any of the other States except
South Carolina, and I believe that to be true.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the Senator
where he gets the number who were registered
in Alabama under the operation of this last
law?
Mr. STEWART. There was no further reg-
istration had there under the last law. They
had taken their vote; but in order to determ-
ine the question whether the constitution was
adopted or not they give us the whole number
registered up to the date of voting, and they
give us the vote; but subsequently 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where do you get the
evidence of that?
Mr. STEWART. I have noofficial evidence
of the number that were registered after we
passed the law; but we must take newspaper
reports and the statements of gentlemen. We
know that the registration was opened in every
State, and that the whites commenced regis-
tering; and from those who have given the sub-
ject careful consideration and the best informa-
tion I can get I have come to the conclusion
that the statement I made was strictly correct.
That it is substantially correct there is no
doubt.
Mr. HOWE. Has the Senator any evidence
which satisfies him that the percentage of the
people in Alabama who registered after the
change in the law was not as great as it was in
Georgia?
Mr. STEWART. Yes; I have enough to
satisfy the Senator. There was no registration
in Alabama after the change in the law, because
the vole had already been taken before the
change of the law.
Mr. HOWE. But I understood the Senator
to say that the registration was opened in Ala-
bama and the rest of these States?
Mr. STEWART. No; I say the registration
was opened from time to time in Alabama; there
was more registration after the first registration;
but it was all counted at the time in the return
of the vote, because it required a majority of the
votes registered to carry the constitution. So the
district commander, in making his return, gives
the number of votes registered at the time of
the election, and the number of votes cast at
the election. Then wo passed a law making
the majority of the votes cast determine the
election. Immediately after that there was a
large amount of registration in each of these
States. In Georgia the lowest estimate of it
is ten thousand. Add ten thousand to the
registered vote of Georgia, as returned here,
and then take the vote of Georgia for the con-
stitution, and the percentage of votes for the
constitution in Georgia will fall far short of
being as great as it was in Alabama. Take
North Carolina, and add some fifteen thou
sand there to the registered vote returned, and
you will produce a similar result.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You have got into the
region of speculation now.
Mr. STEWART. It is not in the region of
speculation. We know it as a matter of fact.
We have not the report of the registration;
but we know that the registration went on
rapidly and vigorously after we passed that
law. We have got no report on the subject;
' but we know it as a matter of fact.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The fact that you do not
know it makes it speculation.
Mr. STEWART. We know it went on. We
do not know the full extent; but the lowest
estimate will fully bear out the statement made
by the Senator from Ohio and myself as sub-
stantially true.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator one more question. Is there any evidence
which ought to satisfy us that the percentage
in Alabama who did not register at all, and
who would or might have registered if the time
had been extended to them as it was to the
others, was not as great as those who did
register in Georgia or South Carolina?
Mr. STEWART. Is there anything to show
that if they had registered they would not have
voted on our side ?
Mr. IIOWE. No; I have not anything to
show that.
Mr. STEWART. Does that affect the prop-
osition that we made? I say you h-ave not the
full registered vote herein this statement; and
that, taking the public prints and making a fair
estimate as given in thepublicprints, the state-
ment I made was substantially correct.
Mr. HOWE. Now, I meet the Senator by
saying I am perfectly willing he should make
the estimate for the other States if he will let
the Senator from Illinois make the estimate
for Alabama or let me do it.
Mr. STEWART. But the Senator from
Illinois was not making estimates. He was
taking the account of the registration. That
was given before the registration was complete;
but there were ten or fifteen thousand added
to each registration after this report was made
and after we passed our law. With these facts
before us, and the further fact that they did not
vote in several counties of Alabama, the further
fact that these storms existed, and the crown-
ing fact that Mr. Forsyth, the mouthpiece of
the gentlemen who called upon Congress to
instruct us, stated that by removing a loyal
general of the Army, General Swayne, they
had prevented twenty thousand Union votes
being cast.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think all that was
prevented by that removal was that distin-
guished general coming to the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Then you and Mr. Forsyth
differ. Mr. Forsyth said in his paper, "As we
predicted, and as we told Mr. Johnson, we
have gained twenty thousand votes by the
removal of General Swayne."
Mr. NYE. I hope my colleague will not
get up any question of veracity between the
Senator from Indiana and Mr. Forsyth, because
they will come together next month, and it
may be unpleasant. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. Mr. Forsyth says he told
Andrew Johnson that if he did not take Gen-
eral Swayne away they would lose the State,
and taking him away enabled them to prevent
the consummation of what he terms this "great
wrong," by keeping twenty thousand loyal
voters from voting. That is a matter of spec-
ulation to be taken into the account when
everything else is. This was the boasted ful-
fillment of a prediction Forsyth & Company had
made with regard to Alatama if they could
get General Swayne away.
Sir, Alabama can stand as well as any other
State, and I reiterate that the object of sub-
mitting this question to a vote at all was to
ascertain if there were loyal men enough in
the State willing to accept the congressional _
plan, to su-stain a loyal State government. *
That was the object, and the whole object. We
could have admitted them without having any
voting done at all. We could have admitted
them just as we pleased. The object was to
test that fact. Any man who will investigate
what has been dtfne in Alabama and what has
been done in the other States, will come to the
conclusion that Alabama is the foremost of
them all; perhaps the strongest in its loyal
element of any except South Carolina. South
Carolina appears to stand first; Alabama is
only second to South Carolina; so that, with
the evidence before us, it seems to me we have
ascertained beyond a doubt that Alabama is
as well prepared as any of the other States,
and a little better prepared than most of them
to be received. Why keep her out? Upta
what basis do you let the others in ?
1 repeat, Alabama has shown herself as well*
entitled to be admitted as any of these States,
and it is necessary to have her and Florida
admitted for the purpose of ratifying the con-
stitutional amendment. Another thing that
makes me more in favor of it than I was is,
that I find Forsyth & Company ace very much
opposed to it; I find those who are opposed to
the Government opposed to it; and I find my
Democratic friends rallying against it; and
therefore I am pretty certain it is right. I
find my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolit-
tle] against it, and that is the highest evidence
that it is right. That will be conclusive to his
constituents that it is right. I find the same
elements against this measure that I find
against any effort that has been made to restore
the Union. I find the friends of restoration,
the loyal men in Alabama, and the loyal men
in the South and in the North in favor of it. I
find myself in favor of it in very good com-
pany, and I find myself against the common
enemy. I do not think, therefore, that we are
called upon to split hairs in regard to this
matter.
We have got the substantial thing. We have
ascertained the will of the majority of the
people of Alabama. If the rebels have been
able, through getting a loyal general removed,
through violence at the polls, through fraud,
to prevent a technical majority ; if they have
been able by means of all the elements in their
favor, by means of counting all the dead, all
the missing, all that had left the State, and all
that they could change from one plantation to
another, to prevent a majority of the regis-
tered votes being cast for the constitution, it
matters not to me so long as there is substan-
tial evidence that they are not able to drag
down the government if we set it up; and that
is as much evidence that Alabama can stand
as any other of these States.
If Alabama cannot stand, there is no use in
setting up any of them; they will all be in
rebel hands and the loyal men will be driven
out of all of them, if they are driven out of
Alabama. Why not let them all stand together?
It will make them stronger, and they will be
the more likely to stand? Why cast a doubt
upon the ability of Alabama to maintain a
republican form of government by making this
unjust discrimination when every man knows
that she is as well prepared in fact as any of
the others? Why discourage the loyal men
there and tell them they are weak and cannot
stand, and ought not to come into the Union?
Why this discrimination against Alabama? Is
