1910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the adoption by Congress of the proposition
to affix an internal revenue stamp to each
cigar.
By Mr. HOTCHKISS: The petition of Sid-
ney A. Downs and others, citizens of Birming-
ham, Connecticut, for relief from burdens of
taxation.
By Mr. JENCKES: The petition of C. B.
Farnsworth and others, for improvement of
the channel of Pawtueket river.
By Air. KITCHEN : The petition of S. Y.
B. Strider and others, citizens of Harper's
Ferry and Bolivar, West Virginia, asking com-
pensation for private property destroyed by
the United States Army.
By Mr. McCLUROr: The petition of citi-
zens of the District of Columbia, in regard to
the Washington aqueduct road.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of 36 citi-
zens of Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the establishment of a post route from Ar-
menia, in said county, to Fall Brook, in Tioga
county, in said State, nine miles.
Also, the petition of 34 citizens of Fall
Brook, Tioga county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the establishment of a post route from said
borough of Fall Brook to the borough of Alba,
in Bradford county, in said State, a distance
of nine miles.
By Mr. MOORHEAD : Two petitions from
citizens of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying
that the law establishing bonded warehouses
for foreign merchandise be repealed and the
system abolished.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of Thomas
R. Elliott, late second lieutenant company G,
fifth Tennessee infantry volunteers.
Also, the petition of William M. Henry, for
pay as second lieutenant of cavalry, company
E, first regimeutTennessee cavalry.
Also, the petition of Captain Hiram Ma-
haffy, Roane county, Tennessee.
Also, the petition of Elijah A. Purcell, for
pay as second lieutenant of infantry, company
(r, ninth regiment Kentucky infantry volun-
teers.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Luisanah Size-
more, widow of W. 0. Sizemore.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 17, 18G8.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 3d instant,
information in relation to claimants for indem-
nity for the depredations by Sioux Indians in
Minnesota, under the act of February 16, 1863;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. YATES presented additional papers in
relation to the claim of Captain Phelps Paine;
which were referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of St. Paul,
Minnesota, praying aid for the completion of
the lines of railroad extending from Sioux
City to the head of Lake Superior; which was
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of
manufacturers of and dealers in stoves and
stove-patterns in the county of Albany, New
York, remonstrating against the passage of an
act sathorizing the renewal of a certain patent
granted to Samuel Pierce in December, 1845 ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office.
Mr. DRAKE presented a petition of John
Forbes, of Texas, praying to be relieved from
civil disabilities imposed on him by acts of
Congress; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Michigan, praying a repeal of the
tax ou manufactures; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented five petitions of citizens
of Michigan, praying the adoption of meas-
ures for the reduction of the taxes, and that
the expenses of the Government be reduced
to a strictly peace basis; which were referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented four petitions
of citizens of Illinois, praying the adoption of
measures for a reduction of the taxes, and
that the expenses of the Government be re-
duced to a strictly peace basis; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Illinois, praying a reduction of the tax on
whisky; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, remonstrating against
any further extension of the time for the com-
pletion of a railroad from Lake St. Croix to
Lake Superior unless the railroad company shall
build, equip, and put in complete running order
forty miles of road before making application
lor such extension; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of an appropri-
ation for the improvement of the harbor of
Bayfield; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. HARLAN presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Iowa, in favor of an increase of
a grant of land to thatState to aid in the build-
ing of a railroad from McGregor westerly to
the forty-third parallel until it shall reach the
county of O'Brien, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. STEWART presented a petition of
Hiram C. Lillie, praying for the passage of an
act confirming unto him a certain tract of land
in Mariu county, California, known as the
Soulajulle Rancho; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
* Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of cit-
izens of New York, praying the adoption of
measures for a reduction of the taxes, and that
the expenses be reduced to a strictly peace
basis; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented seven petitions of citizens
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying the
adoption of measures for a reduction of the taxes,
and that the expenses of the Government be re-
duced to a strictly peace basis ; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
reports op committees.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 287) granting the right of way and
lands to the Pecos and Placer Mining and
Ditch Company of New Mexico, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill'(S. No. 204)
to locate and establish an assay office in the Ter-
ritory of Idaho, reported it with amendments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 81!)) making partial appro-
priations for the expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations,
reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. It. No. 658) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1869, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, reported a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 123) authorizing the Secretary of
State to adjust certain claims, and directing
the payment thereof; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the Committee on Claims,
presented a letter from the Secretary of State,
addressed to Hon. Charles Sumner, inclos-
ing a copy of a report of the Examiner of
Claims in the Department of State upon the
claim of Nathaniel J. Miller, of Portland,
assignee of Drake & Conklin, of San Fran-
cisco, owners of the steamer Monitor or Fee
Pang, to accompany the foregoing resolution ;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
{§. No. 215) to vacate and sell the Umatilla
reservation, in the State of Oregon, reported it
with amendments.
committee on retrenchment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
joint Committee on Retrenchment to report
that that committee has this morning adopted
the following resolution, which I will read, as
it explains itself—it is rather a matter of priv-
ilege than anything else—for the information
of the Senate, as the report to which this reso-
lution refers was made to the House of Repre-
sentatives:
Resolved, That tlic joint seleet Committee on Re-
trenchment have seen with surprise adocuinentpur-
porting to bo a report from that committee on the
subject of frauds upon the revenue by distillers of
whicsky and others engaged in the manufacture and
sale of whiskj', made by one of the members of that
committeo to the House of llcpresentatives on the
12th instant; and they hereby instruct the chair-
men ot the committee, Mr. Edmunds, of the Senate,
and Mr. Jenokf.s, of the House ot Representatives,
to state to their se\ er.il Houses that said document
is not the report of said joint commiltee nor ot any
sub-committee thereof; that the subject of the in-
vestigation of frauds m whisky was not rcl'circd to
said committee by the resolution under which they
were appointed, and has not since been referred to
them by any resolution of either House; that under
their general powers they have not authorized any
sub-committee nor any one of their numher to mako
such investigation; that the subjects embraced in
said so-called report have never been submitted to
tile committee or any sub-committee thereof foreon-
sideration; and that said document, in manner and
matter, substance and conclusion, is the unauthor-
ized work and act of an individual member of said
committee, without the consent, knowledge, or ap-
proval of' any other member thereof.
I make this statement, of course, with un-
feigned regret that a circumstance of that kind
should make it necessary for the committee to
inform the Houses that appointed them that a.
document which has appeared in the news-
papers is wholly without their authority in any
respect whatever.
charles grafton page.
Mr. FERRY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 731)
to authorize Charles Grafton Page to apply
for and receive a patent, to report it back
with a recommendation that it pass; and
there arc circumstances which make it almost
necessary that the bill should receive present
consideration. I think it will take but a mo-
ment, and I ask that it may now be put upon
its passage.
By unanimous consent, the bill (II. It. No.
731) to authorize Charles Grafton Page to ap-
ply for and receive a patent was considered as
ill Committee of the Whole. Its purpose is
to authorize the Commissioner of Patents to
receive and entertain a renewal of the applica-
tion of Charles Grafton Page for letters-patent
for his induction apparatus and circuitbreakers,
now on file in the United States Patent Office,
including therewith his circuit breakers, de-
scribed by him prior to the application ; and if
the Commissioner shall adjudge him to have
been the first inventor thereof he is to i.ssue
to him a patent, which shall be valid notwith-
standing Page's invention may have been de-
scribed or in use prior to the application, and
notwithstanding the fact that Page is now an
examiner in the United States Patent Office.
But any person in possession of the apparatus
prior to the date of the patent shall possess
the right to use aud vend to others to use the
the specific apparatus in his possession with-
out liability to the inventor or patentee or any
