1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
oi'ner person interested in the invention or the
patent therefor.
Mr. FERRY. This bill comes to us from
"the House of Representatives, having been
passed there, and with a unanimous recommend-
ation in its favor by the Committees on Patents
of both Houses. I believe the bill is pretty
generally understood.
Mr. GRIMES. Explain it; let us know
what it is.
Mr. PERRY. The invention referred to is
relative to the use of an electric coil in the
communication of shocks in medical eases. It
was invented by Dr. Page when he was an ex-
aminer in the Patent Officc, which fact pre-
vented him from obtaining a patent. Subse-
quently a similar invention was madein Europe
upon a reward offered by the emperor of the
French, which was a plagiarism from Dr. Page,
and that invention is now in use in Europe,
taking from Dr. Page the credit which belongs
to him as the original inventor. All the manu-
facturers of the instrument in America desire
that Dr. Page should have this patent granted
to him. There are but four manufacturing
establishments in this country, and the commit-
tee received communications from all of them.
Dr. Page is probably at the point of death; he
will not live more than a month or six weeks,
from the information which the committee had;
and it was on account of this fact that they
desired to have the bill passed now.
Mr. GRIMES. Is the patent going to expire
when he dies?
Mr. FERRY. No, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I do not see what that
has to do with it.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
MAJOR A. L. BREWER.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary AlFairs and the Militia, to whom a peti-
tion on the subject was referred, reported a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 122) for the relief
of the heirs of Major A. L. Brewer, late a pay-
master in the United States Army ; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have
that resolution taken up and passed now if
there be no objection.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It directsthe proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to enter a
credit of ip3,G36 on the account of Major A.
L. Brewer, paymaster United States Army,
who, with his clerk, Robert F. Brewer, was
destroyed by the explosion of the steamer J.
K. Carter on the Mississippi river, and which
sum stands charged against Major Brewer as
a balance against him on his accounts in the
Treasury Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. I presume it is hardly
necessary to make a statement in regard to this
case. Major Brewer was killed by the explo-
sion of a steamboat on the Mississippi river,
and all bis vouchers and papers destroyed.
There is a balance of some three thousand
dollars standing against him on the books in
the Treasury, while, in the opinion of all the
officers, and, I believe, of General Briee, noth-
ing is due. They have satisfactory evidence,
not formal evidence, that there is nothing" due
to llie Government. This resolution will enable
the widow, who is now here, to settle the ac-
counts. I suppose there is really no doubt
about it. Major Brewer was known to my
colleague and myself as a man of considerable
prominence in Ohio, and was considered one
of the most excellent men in the State. He
served during the war as a paymaster, and dis-
bursed large sums of money, and at the close
of the war lost his life. This is for the pur-
pose of enabling his widow to settle up his
accounts, which are all correct, and, I believe,
certified to by all the officers of the Govern-
merit.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
COURTS IN TENNESSEE.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I ask the
indulgence of the Senate to take up Senate bill
No. 877. It will not excite a Inoment's dis-
cussion. It merely proposes to change the
times of holding the courts in Tennessee. I
move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 377) to change the
times of holding the district and circuit courts
of the United States in the several districts in
the State of Tennessee. It provides that the
circuit and district courts for the district of
East Tennessee shall hereafter be held at Knox-
ville, on the second Mondays of March and Sep-
tember in each year ; for the district of Middle
Tennessee at Nashville, on the third Mondays
of April and October of each year; and for the
district of West Tennessee at Memphis, on the
fourth Mondays of May and November of each
year. All recognizances, indictments, or other
proceedings, civil and criminal, now pending
or returnable in those courts, are to be entered
in court and be heard and tried according to
the times of holding the courts as herein pro-
vided. The act is to take effect from and after
the first Monday in July, 1868.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 442) to amend section one of an act to
prevent and punish frauds upon the revenue,
and for other purposes, approved March 3,
1863 ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 443) for the relief of Hiram C. Liilie ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 444)
granting lands to the State of Nevada to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Central Pacific railroad to the Col-
orado river; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 445) to regulate the salaries of registers
and receivers of land offices appointed under
the act of Congress approved July 26, 1866,
entitled "An act granting the right of way to
ditch and canal owners over the public lands,
and for other purposeswhich was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 446)
for the benefit of the Notre Dame and St.
Mary's Academy, of St. Joseph county, Indi-
ana; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 447) to provide for a temporary govern-
ment for the Territory of Alaska; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 124) for the distribution
of certain public documents abroad ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Printing.
ALTO VELO.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That two thousand extra copies of the re-
port of the Secretary of State on the "AltoVelo"
claim of Patterson & Murginendo be printed for tho
use of the State Department.
VESSELS AND MACHINERY CONTRACTORS.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate take
up Senate resolution No. 100 for consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 100) for the relief of certain
contractors for the construction of vessels of
war and steam machinery was considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
The preamble recites that Congress, by an
act passed on the 2d of March, 1867, provided
for the investigation by the Secretary of the
Navy of the claims of all the contractors for
building vessels of war and steam machinery;
that pursuant to that act the Secretary of the
Navy appointed a naval board for the investi-
gation of the claims in question ; that it ap-
pears that the provisions of the act have not
been fully conformed to in the findings of the
board ; and that Congress have neither the
time nor means for the careful legal investiga-
tion which the importance of the subject de-
mands, and hence, for the purpose of relieving
it from the further consideration of the subject,
and as a final settlement of the claims of tho
contractors, it is proposed by the resolution
to refer the claims for building vessels of war
and steam machinery, mentioned in the act
entitled "An act for the relief of certain con-
tractors," &c., approved March 2, 1867, to the
Court of Claims, which is vested with jurisdic-
tion, and whose duty it shall be to investigate
and determine the claims of the several peti-
tioners upon the principles of that act, and its
finding is to have the same force and effect aa
any other judgment of the Court of Claims.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not rise for the pur-
pose of debating this measure. I will simply
state what my colleague on the Committee on
Naval Affairs, I think, neglected to state when
he made tho report, that I did not agree to
this report,-and 1 intended, in conjunction with
another member of the committee, to submit
a minority report. I believe that the colleague
who agrees with me on the subject has a report
embracing the views of the minority written
out,' but he has not had an opportunity to
present it. lie is not here this morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have this
measnre laid over. My attention is only called
to it within a day or two.
Mr. DRAKE. I object to the joint resolu-
tion going over. I think it is one of the most
just measures that are now before the Senate.
It was examined with very great care in the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and that commit-
tee reported favorably upon it. It is for the
relief of a class of individuals who are most
meritoriously entitled to relief. A report was
made in their favor by a commission appointed
by the Navy Department; and then another
commission was appointed that reported
adversely? and now between the two reports
they simply ask to be remitted to the Court of
Claims to have the whole matter fully investi-
gated. I trust, sir, that the Seriate will look
upon the matter in the light in which I look
at it, and will refuse to postpone the resolu-
tion. It is simply asking that they may have
the privilege of going before an impartial tri-
bunal, proving their case there, and abiding
by the decision of that tribunal.
They have been here, or a number of them
have been here, this whole winter, ever since
Congress opened, knocking at the doors sf
Congress, asking just for this simple privilege
of going into the Court of Claims, and if they
can prove their title to relief under the pro-
visions of the act of March 2, 1867, to get it,
and if they cannot prove it not to get it; So
simple a request as that, and so just in itself,
backed as it is by the investigations of a com-
mission that was more than six months engaged
in investigating their claims, certainly seems
to me to deserve consideration at the hands of
the Senate. I hope the Senate will not lay
over the joint resolution, but that they wiil
proceed to act upon it.
