1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2935
there any substantial reason for it? I do not
believe in saying to a State that is as well pre-
pared to come in as any, with the strongest
Union party there is in any State in the South
except South Carolina, "You are not strong
enough to stand," and then postpone their
admission until it gets so late that it cannot be
consummated at this Session, postpone it until
you destroy the Union element there and wear
it away. ,
These delays, these uncertainties, these dis-
paragements are breaking down the friends of
loyalty throughout the South. You haveyour
Buchanans throwing their obstructions in the
way. You have the emissaries of the dissolu-
tion of the Union, of destruction, of obstruc-
tion, at work upon your friends, the friends of
the Union, and the friends of the Union doubt-
ing whether they have any friends anywhere.
Receive them; stand by them ; give tlicm the
hand of fellowship; and I tell you they will
stand by us.
If, with all the patronage and powerof these
local State governments against them, with the
military substantially against them, with the
power of Andrew Johnson against them, poor,
■without patronage, without power, without
position, without wealth, ignorant, as the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] says
they are, they could get a majority for a con-
vention, if they could make the showing they
have made in the several States under such cir-
cumstances, I am willing to trust them under
more favorable auspices. With the powers of
these States in their hands, with legitimate
protection, they will stay in the Union. If
they cannot do it now, when can they? After
this struggle, if you will not protect themnow,
•when will they be better prepared ? After they
shall have suffered a defeat at your hands here,
after they shall have been thrown aside without
a rallying point, after you have said to them,
"You have got no loyalty, no Union party,no
strength, and we will have nothing to do with
you;" after they shall have been trampled
down for another six months by the power of
that tyrannical local government, will they be
better prepared to come here? Sir, we want
action on the admission of all these States,
and action promptly. Keeping part of them
out will continue this discussion and this effort
to bring them in until the session will have
expired. Let us do the work now. Arkansas
ought to have been with these other States.
We should have had the whole of them in one
bill. I am satisfied we made a mistake in that
regard. Do not let us make any more.
Mr. WILLEY. If it be the desire of the
Senate to take a vote upon the pending bill
to-night, I, of course, do not desire to protract
the discussion; but if the vote cannot be
reached to-night, I should be very glad to have
the privilege of submitting some remarks upon
it. If there can be a vote reached now I will
not trespass upon the attention of the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. With the permission
of the Senator from West Virginia, I move
that the Senate adiourn.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before
putting that question the Chair will lay before
the Senate several bills from the House of
Representatives for reference.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions:
A bill (IT. R. No. 218) granting a pension
of seventeen dollars per month to Da.vid
Duhigg, of Lynden, Vermout, father of late
First Lieutenant Dennis Duhigg, of company
M, first regiment Vermont artillery ;
A bill (H. Ii. No. 256) granting a pension
to George Truax, late a private in company
H, first regiment of Virginia volunteers ; _
A bill (H. It. No. 1165) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Cassidy;
A bill (41. R. No. 1166) granting a pension
to Louisa M. Williston;
A bill (H. R. No. 1167) granting a pension
to Esther Graves;
A bill (H. R. No. 1168) granting a pension
to Frederic Denning;
A bill (H. R. No. 1169) granting a pension
to Joseph B. Rodden ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1170) granting a pension
to Eliza Mathews;
A bill (H. R. No. 1171) granting a pension
to William F. Nelson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1172) granting a pension
to Lueinda J. Letcher; * «
A bill (H. R. No. 1173) granting a pension
to Julia A. Barton ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1174) granting a pension
to Julia Carroll;
A bill (H. R. No. 1175) granting a pension
to Cornelia Peaslee;
A bill (H. II. No. 1176) granting a pension
to Mary Cover, widow of Samuel Cover, de-
ceased, late a private in company G of the
fifty-sixth regiment of Pennsylvania volunteers;
A bill (IJ. R. No. 1177) granting a pension
to Malinda Ferguson, widow of James Fer-
guson, late a private in company C, of the first
regiment of Kentucky cavalry ;
A bill (H. It. No. 1178) granting a pension-
to Mary Merchant, mother of Timothy H.
Pittsford, deceased, late a private in company
G, of the first United States veteran engineer
corps:
A bill (H. R. No. 1179) granting a pension
to Mary A. Farlardo, widow of Onesimus Far-
lardo, deceased, late a private in company K,
of the one hundred and twenty-fifth regiment
of New York volunteers ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1180) granting a pension
to Phoebe McBride, mother of Thomas Mc-
Bride, late a private in company B, of the
eighty-seventh regiment of Illinois volunteers ;
A bill (IT. R. No. 1181) granting a pension
to Harriet E. Shears, widow of John T. Shears,
deceased, late a private in company H, of the
fifty-seventh regiment of Illinois volunteer in-
fantry ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1182) granting a pension
to William II. Blair, late a private in company
G, of the twelfth regiment of Maine volunteers;
and
A bill (II. R. No. 118D) granting a pension
to Christopher M. Cornmesser, late a private
in the independent Iowa home guards.
joi1n m. palmer.
Mr. WILLEY submitted the following re-
port :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment to the
joint resolution (II. It. No. 21S) for the relief of John
M. Palmer, having met. after full and free conference,
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
their respective Houses, :is follows : _
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate and agree to the same.
W. T. WILLIE Y,
JOHN SHERMAN,
JUSTIN S. ilOllltlLL,
Manooeys on the jmrt of the Senate.
AJIASA COBB,
WILLIAM S. HOI.MAN,
Managers oil the pari of till Mouse.
The report was concurred in.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, communicating, in eompli-
ance with the resolution of the Senate of the
'28th ultimo, correspondence recently had with
the authorities of Great Britain in relation to a
new postal treaty; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Olhccs and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
reception of chinese emmassy.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following resolution of the
House of Representatives:
Resolved, That the Senate be invited to join with
the House of Representatives, m the Halt of the
House in the reception of the embassy from the
Chinese empire to the Lnitcd States oS America, at
eleven o'clock on Tuesday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose that resolu-
tion makefs it proper that I should modify my
motion that we adjourn to meet at eleven
o'clock to-morrow. ["No!" "No!"] Sen-
ators say not. I do not understand the subject.
Mr. NYE. I ask the Senator from Indiana
to withdraw the motion to adjourn for one
moment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, it is
usual to adjourn at religious meetings after a
happy exhibition, and I thought the Senator
from Nevada was so happy that it was about
time to adjourn, and I therefore submitted the
motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 8, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD, the reading
of the Journal of Saturday last was dispensed
with. "
oall or states for bills, etc.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of States for
bills and joint resolutions for reference to their
appropriate committees, and not to be brought
back by a motion to reconsider.
trial 01' jefferson davis.
Mr. MILLER introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 289) requesting the Committee on
the Judiciary to inquire the cause of delay in
the trial of Jefferson Davis for treason, and
make report if any legislation is necessary to
insure a speedy trial; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
post road in maryland.
Mr. STONE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1184) to establish a certain post road in Mont-
gomery comity, Maryland; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
election op representatives from ohio.
Mr. SHELLABARGER introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1185) to alter the laws of Ohio aa
to the manner of electing Representatives in
Congress ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Elections,
and ordered to be printed.
national capital insurance company.
Mr. McCLURG introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1186) to amend the charter of the National
Capital Insurance Company; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
mining company in new mexico.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri, introduced
a bill (II. It. No. 1187) granting the right of
way and lands to the Pecos and Placer Muling
and Ditch Company of New Mexico ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
captuke of jefferson "davis.
Mr. UPSON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1188) making an appropriation for the pay-
ment of the reward offered by the President
of the United States, in Apiil, 1805, for the
capture of Jefferson Davis ; _ which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
united states property at mackinaw.
Mr. FERRY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1180) authorizing the Secretary of the ireasury
to sell at public auction certain property ot
the United States at Mackinaw, m the btate
of Michigan ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
trade on the northern frontier.
Mr. BEAMAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1190) to regulate trade on our northern iron-
tier, and for other purposes; which was read a
