2930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
June
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
HOMKSTKAD LAW.
Mr. LOUGIIRIDGE introduced a bill (H.
R. No. mi) to extend the benefits of the
homestead act of March 20,1862, to the minor
children of deceased soldiers; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
JAMES A. INGHAM.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1192) for the relief of James A.
Ingham ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
I!RIDGE OVER THE MISSOURI.
Mr. DODGE introduced a bill (IL R. No.
1198) authorizing the construction of a rail-
road bridge oyer the Missouri river; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
INAUGURATION OF STATE GOVERNMENTS.
Mr. PAINE introduced a bill (H, R. No.
1194) to provide for the inauguration of State
officers in Arkansas, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, and Alabama,
and for the meeting of the Legislatures of said
States; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction,
and ordered to be printed.
CHOCTAW TREATY STIPULATIONS.
Mr. WINDOM introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1195) to carry into effect certain treaty stipu-
lations with the Choctaw nation or tribe of
Indians; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
TAUR AND KIMBEKLAND.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1196) for the relief of
Tarr & Kimberland, of Wellsburg, West Vir-
ginia ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
CHILDREN OF GENERAL KIT CARSON.
Mr. CLEVER introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 290) granting pension and home-
stead to the orphan children of Brigadier Gen-
eral Christopher Carson, deceased; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered
to be printed.
CIIILDItKN OF GENERAL CARLETON.
Mr. CLEVER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1197) for the relief oi Etta Eva Carleton,
Henry Carleton, and Guy Carleton, minor
children of Major General Carleton; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
J. T. TURNER.
Mr. FLANDERS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1198) for the relief of J. T. Turner; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT TOLEDO, OHIO.
ASHLEY, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1199) to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to sell the custom-house and
grounds at Toledo, Ohio, and to purchase a new
site for acustom-house and post office in said
city ; which was read a first and second time,
and leferred to the Committee on Commerce.
WASHINGTON GYMNASTIC ASSOCIATION.
Mr. W'OOD introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1200) to incorporate the Washington Gymnas-
tic Association ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
BOUNTY CLAIM AGENTS.
Mr. BUTLER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1201) to control bounty claim agents ; which
■was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
TAXATION OF UNITED STATES BONDS.
The SPEAKER. Thenext business in order
during the morning hour is the call of States
and Territories for resolutions, commencing
with the State of Indiana, where the call rested
on Monday last, at the expiration of the morn-
ing hour.
A resolution is pending, offered by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] the House
having refused to second the previous question
upon it. The Clerji will report the resolution.
ThS resolution was read as follows :
Rnolved, That, in the judgment of this IIouso, tlie
bonds and other securities issued by the United
States, and which are exempt by law irom State and
municipal taxation, ought to be taxed for national
purposes in amount substantially equal to the aver-
age tax imposed on property in the several States
for local purposes, in buoti manner as may substan-
tially equalize taxatiou, the tax to be deducted from
the coupons as they become due; and that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means be instiucted to report a
bill tor the purpose above expressed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Is a motion to refer
this resolution to the Committee of Ways and
Means now in order?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Then I submit that
motion.
I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman will state
Mr. IiOLMAN.
The SPEAKER.
his point of order.
Mr. 1IOLMAN.
My point of order is that
there is now pending a motion to lay the
resolution on the table. The Globe does not
show that fact, but that is the entry upon the
Journal.
The SPEAKER. The Globe shows that
the morning hour expired pending the call for
the previous question. And the recollection
of the Chair is that the morning hour expired
while the tellers were engaged in counting the
House upon seconding the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. The Journal shows that
the motion to lay on the table was made by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] and was pending when the morning
hour expired.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no recol-
lection, of entertaining the motion to lay on
the table pending the call for the previous
question. [After a pause.] The Chair has
examined the Journal, and it shows that the
motion to lay the resolution upon the table
was mane by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Stevens,] and that that motion was
pending when the morning hour expired. As
the Journal is the authoiity for the House,
the first question will be upon the motion to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. Upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BLAINE. If the motion to lay on the
table should not prevail, will a motion to refer
the resolution to the Committee of Ways and
Means be next in order?
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer would
then be in order; but it might not be the next
motion in order.
The question was than taken ; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 10, nays 1U0, not
voting ^3 ; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley, Dawes.
Gri>wold, Harding, Higby, Hooper, Jenekes, Miller,
Mooiliead, Staikweaiher, Aaron Stevens, John
Trimble, \ an Aeriiam, "William B. Washburn, and
"Wood—16.
NAYS—Messrs, Adams, Allison, Delos R. Ashley,
Axtell, Baker, Haines, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin,
Blaine, Boyer. Brouiwell, Brooks, Buekland, Burr,
Butler, Cake, Ctiurebill, Reader W, Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,Cook, Cornell, Covode. Cullom,
Dudgc, Donnelly, Eckle}, Iv'glcston, Eliot, Fcrruss,
i-\-rry. Fields, Getz, Gollady, Gravely.Grover, Haight,
Hill, lloiuian. Hopkins, Hotehkiss, Ingersoll, John-
son, Judd, Julian, Kitchen, Knott, Koontz, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Loughridge,
Mailory, Maynard, McCarthy, McClurg, MeCormick,
Mercur, Mooie, Morrell, Momssey, Mullms, Myers,
Neweomb, Niblaek. O'Nciil, Paine, X>eteis, Phelps,
Polslev, Ponscroy, Price, Randall, Kauai, Sriienek,
Scolield, Selye, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Stewart,
Stokes, Stone, Xaber, Taylor, Lawrence ft. Trimble.
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Auken, Robert
T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Cadwalader
0._ Washburn, Elilm B. Washhurne, Hemy II.
Washburn, Windoui, and Woodward—100.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Arncll.
Bailey, Baldwin, B.mk&, i'ru-mvm, lleek, Benton*
Bingham, Blair, Boutwell, Bioeniali, Cary, Chauler,
Delano, Dixon, Driggs, Ela, Bidridge, Farnswerth,
Firmey, .Vox, GarSeld. Glossbremier, I-Ialsey, Haw-
kins, Asahei W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Kichard 1). Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter,
Jones, Kelley, Kelsey. Kerr, Ksfciiam, William Law-
rence, Loan, Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, McCuilou^h,
Mungen, Nicholson, Nunn, Orth, Perbam, Pike,
Pile, Plants, Poland, Pruyn, Robertson, Robinson,
ltoss, Sawyer, Shanks, Smith, Si>aldmg, Thaddeus
Stevens, Taffe, Thomas, Burt Van H'orn, Ward,
Welker*Thomas Williams, William Williams, James
F. Wilson, John X. Wilson, Stephen J?. Wilson, anS
Woodbridge—73.
So the resolution was not laid on the table,
Mr. BLAINE. I move to refer the resolu-
tion to the Committee of Ways and Means j
and upon that motion I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to refer; for that is a motion to
kill the resolution.
Mr. ALLISON. How does the gentleman
assume that a reference to the Committee of
Ways and Means will defeat the resolution ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Of course every gentleman
understands that the reference of this resolu-
tion will kill it; for it will bury it in the com-
mittee, and prevent an expression on its
merits.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
The question was taken upon the motion to
refer ; and it was decided in the affirmative-
yeas S8, nays 34, not voting 67; as follows :
YFAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Bcaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Blaine,
Bromwell, Buekland, Butler,Cake,Churchill,Header
W. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Delano,
Dodge, .Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot,
Ferries, Ferry, Fields,Garfield, Harding, lligby, II ill.
Hooper, Hopkins, Chester i). Hubbard, Jenekes,
Jiuld, Julian, Ketcliam, Kitchen, Koontz, Lailm,
Lincoln, Logan, Malloiy, Maynard, McCarthy, Mc-
Cormick, Mercur, Miller, Moore. Moorheud, Morrell,
Mullens. Myers, Newcoinb, O'Neill, Paine, Pile,
Pomeroy, Pnoe, Kaum, Sekenok, Scolield, Selye,
Sliellubarger, Sitgi caves, Starkweather, Aaron I1'.
Stevens, fttokes, Tabor.Taylor, Thomas, John Trim-
ble, Trowbridge, Twiehell, Upson, Van Aernam, Kob-
ert X. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. VVasli-
burn, Elihu B. Wasliburne, Henry 1). Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Welker, William Williams,
and W ood—SS.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Deles It. Ashley, Axtell,
Baker, Barnes, Boyer, Burr, Cullom, Getz, GolUday,
Gravely, Grover, liaight, Holinan.Hotehkiss, Inger-
soll,-Johnson, Kerr, Knott, Loaghridge, MeClurg,
Mornssey, Niblack, Peters, Plielp.-,, Paisley, Randall,
Stewait, Stone, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Aui en,
Van Tramp, Windom, and Woodward—31.
.NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer,Arnell,
Bailey, Burnum, Beek, Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Boutwell, Brooks, Broomall, Cary, Chanler, Sidney
Clarke,Covode, Dawes, Dixon, F.ta. Eldridge.Farns-
wortb, Finney, Fox, Glossbrenner,Grifwold, Halsey,
Hawkins,Asahei V\ . Hubbard, Riebard i>. iiuobard,
HulburU. Humphrey, Hunter, Jones, Kelley, Kel-
sey, George V. Lawience, William Lawrence, Loan,
Lyneb, Marshall, Marvin, McCullougti, Mungenj
Hicholson, Xunn, Orth, Peiliain, Pike, plants.
Poland,Pruyn, Kobertson, Robmson, Ross, Sawyer,
Shanks, Smith, Spalding. Thaddeus Stevens, Tafle,
Burt \ an Horn, VV"ard, Thomas Williams, Jaincs F.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
\i oodbridge—67.
So the resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
EXTKA PAY OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYES.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, introduced
a joint resolution (H. R. No. ) giving addi-
tional compensation to certain employes in the
civil service of the Government at Washing-
ton, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr, UPSON. Is this resolution in order
under this call?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. UPSON. Cannot theqaestion of recep-
tion be raised ?
The SPEAKER. The question of recep-
tion can he raised on any proposition of this
kind. If the gentleman raises the question of
consideration, the Chair will submit it to the
House.
, ^r- SELYE. I want to debate this resolu-
tion, I am opposed to it.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
should not be seconded, the gentleman will
have the privilege of debating the resolution
whenever it may come up for consideration j
but debate upon it to-day will carry Hew.
