1912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Mareli 17,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have very strong reason
to believe that the Senator from New Jersey,
| Mr. Kreuxghcysen,] who was obliged to go
home this morning on business, has views dif-
fering from those of my friend from Missouri,
being on the same committee, and that he in-
tended to submit his views either in the form
of a minority report or in the form of remarks
for the information of the Senate. I submit
to my friend from Missouri whether it is quite
the thing, in the absence of that Senator, to
spring this important bill upon the Senate at
this time.
Mr. DRAKE. I have only to say that I do
not understand the Senator from Vermont now
to speak lor the Senator from New Jersey. I
do not understand that the Senator from New
Jersey requested any postponement of the bill
if it should come up. If he had, I should cer-
tainly not object to its postponement.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why, Mr. President, it
is a matter of serious surprise to me that the
Senator from Missouri, after this statement,
should insist upon this bill being considered
and acted upon now, when it is brought to his
knowledge as a matter of fact that the Senator
from New Jersey, being on the same commit-
tee with him, as he knows the fact to be, was
opposed to the bill, that ho had views to sub-
mit in some form or other, that he had 110
reason to suppose that the bill would be brought
up this morning, and that he has gone for a day
to his home in Newark on some necessary pri-
vate business. I should be astonished to have
the Senate or my friend from Missouri either,
knowing these facts, insist that in the absence
of the Senator from New Jersey, who desires
to be heard upon this matter, the bill should
be acted upon. I hope my friend from Mis-
souri will not insist upon it.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state that I am not
disposed to insist upon taking up the bill in the
absence of a Senator who wishes to contest it
provided I understand that that Senator who
is absent does wish to contest it. I under-
stand the honorable Senator from Vermont
merely to speak in the general upon the sup-
position that the Senator from New Jersey
has views against it, and not to state the thing
as for the Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; Idonot speak for the
Senator from New Jersey. I only derive my
knowledge from him of what his views are. I
suppose lie did not authorize me or anybody
else to speak for him, because he expected to
be present and speak for himself; but now it
happens that for the first time in the session he
is absent from the Senate, and so it happens
that this particular bill must be taken up now.
Mr. DliAKE. Very well, Mr. President;
I did not know that the Senator from New
Jersey was to be absent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is why I say you
ought to give way.
Sir. DRAKE. Nor did I know the Senator
from New Jersey had any views to submit
against the bill. Still, I am very far from
desiring to insist on considering a bill in the
absence of a Senator who does wish to express
views upon it to the Senate. But, sir, I will
inquire of the Senator from Vermont if he can
tell when the Senator from New Jersey will
probably return.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As Isaid, I am notspeak-
ing for the Senator from New Jersey, because
the information that I derived from him was
several days ago, happening to be present sit-
ting in my seat whentho Senator from New
Jersey and my friend from Iowa [Mr. Grimes]
were speaking of the subject. It was not pri-
vate ; they were speaking of it in my presence.
That is how I came to know the views of the
Senator from New Jersey. I happened acci-
dentally, in speaking of a personal matter of
his and my own, to know that he intended to
go home to New Jersey this morning, and that
he intended to return on. Saturday, I think.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I must
have been mistaken from what the Senator
from Vermont says ; but I had thought that the
Senator from New J ersey was i 11 favor of this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I must have misun-
derstood him, of course. I was taken by sur-
prise at the statement that he was not in favor
of it.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask a question which
either the Senator from Iowa or the Senator
from Missouri can answer. There was a bill
reported here from the same committee; and
am I mistaken in supposing that it had reference
to these same claimants? I wish to know
whether that bill passed or not.
Mr. GRIMES. It did not. It is due to
the Senator from New Jersey to say that he
opposed the report of this bill. I do not know
that he proposed to contest the passage of it
any fmther than that he told me a few days
ago he proposed to submit the views of the
minority in writing, and I think I understood
him to say that he had them prepared or very
nearly so.
Now, in answer to the inquiry of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, 1 will state that this is
about the history of this transaction: certain
persons who engaged during the war in filling
contracts with the Navy Department for the
construction of iron-clad vessels claimed that
in consequence of the tariff, in consequence
of the increase of the price of labor and all
material, by the issuance of greenbacks and
bonds instead of gold, and in consequence of
changes in the construction of the vessels to
meet the requirements of the Navy Depart-
ment, they were put to a great deal of addi-
tional expense over and above what their con-
tracts required. They were paid by the Navy
Department during the progress of their work
a portion of this amount, but they were not
satisfied with that and came to Congress and
had passed through the Senate, but not at a
legislative session of the Senate, a resolution
directing the Secretary of the Navy to make
certain investigations. That had not the force
and cffect of a law. The Secretary, however,
appointed three oificcrs to make the investiga-
tion, and they took, as they say, the statements
of the contractors, not going into an examina-
tion of the real merits of the case. The eon-
tractors then came before Congress two years
ago and sought to have another bill passed that
would cover their whole ease. A majority of
the Committee oil Naval Affairs reported in
favor of their claim. It amounted, I think, to
about two million dollars. I was the minority
of the committee. Finally, upon my motion,
we agreed to give them a certain amount,
about one half of that, I think, as the bill went
to the House of Representatives. The House
of Representatives, however, would not agree
to it, and upon the motion, I think, of Mr.
Delano, of Ohio, they directed a new commis-
sion to be formed by the Secretary of the Navy,
who were to make an investigation according to
the plan specified in the bill. That new com-
mission made a report showing in a tabular
form the amount of the contract of each one
of these individuals, the amount that had been
paid upon the contract, the amount that had
been paid by the Secretary of the Navy during
the progres3 of the work and at its completion
in excess of the contract, the amount they now
claim, and the amount that this commission
thought they were entitled to. The amount
which the com mission thought they were en-
titled to was about two hundred thousand dol-
lars. The Committee on Naval Affairs unani-
mously reported a bill in favor of paying that
portion of the contractors the £200,009, which
this commission thought they were entitled to;
but they did not report a bill in favor of pay-
ing the claim which the contractors put in of
£2,000,000, or any part of it, and they were
not unanimous in referring that claim to the
Court of Claims. That is the way the matter
stands.
Mr. HOWE. But what I wish to know is, if
this is intended as a substitute for the awaul
made by the commission appointed by the Sec-
retary of the Navy, or is this in addition to that?
Mr. GRIMES. I am not exactly authorized
to speak on that point, because I was opposed
to the report of this proposition, and I cannot
sa.y what were the specific views of the majority
of the committee upon that subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did the claimants agree
to take the award?
Mr. GRIMES. The bill carrying out the
award is pending. The award was made only to
five or six contractors. The board found that
there were only five or six of the contractors
entitled to anything, and they to a very dimin-
ished amount of what they claimed. The Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs were unanimously in
favor of paying what that board found, amount-
ing, I think, to between two hundred and two
hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
Mr. DRAKE. One hundred and eighty-
seven thousand three hundred and eighty-
three dollars.
Mr. GRIMES. I thought it was a little in
excess of $200,000. The committee reported
the bill early in the session to pay that, and it
is now pending. Then comes in this joint
resolution, which is intended to cover, as I
understand, not only the other cases that were
not reached by the bill, and which the com-
mittee did not report in favor of, but to pay the
contractors who wore mentioned in that bill an
amount in excess of the amount that was
awarded by the board. That is my under-
standing of it.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to say a word of ex-
planation in regard to this matter. I do not
think the Senator from Iowa has fully stated
the case. Of course he does not intend to sup-
press any fact in regard to it, but he has not
fully stated it. On the 9th of March, 1805, the
Senate passed a resolution requesting the Sec-
retary of the Navy to organize a board for the
purpose of investigating all these claims. That
board was constituted of three officers of the
Navy, audit made a report in favor of fifty-
eight contractors, allowing them the amount of
$2,207,000. Subsequently an act was passed
on the 2d of March, 18G7, requiring the Secre-
tary of the Navy to reinvestigate these claims,
and he appointed another commission, and
that other commission reported in favor of
seven contractors, $187,383, and left all the
rest of the fifty-one contractors outin the cold.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will pax-
don me, I will call his attention to the fact
that the Senator from New Jersey has not yet
gone; he is now here.
Mr. DRAKE. So I perceive.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will, therefore, with-
draw any objection I have to this measure being
considered.
Mr. DRAKE. Now, what are the facts?
The first commission sat nearly seven months,
had every fact brought before them that could
bear upon the case, summoned witnesses, had
perfect transcripts of the books of these con-
tractors, and after a session of seven months or
thereabouts made a report in their favor. The
other commission did not sit as many weeks,
did not summon any witnesses, did not ex-
amine any books, or did nothavethem brought
before them, and cut down the award to the
smaller sum named, 5187,088. Now, the
fifty-one contractors, in whose favor the first
commission reported, say that they have not
been fairly deaft with, and instead of asking
Congress to investigate tlieir claims all they
ask is that the Court of Claims may be invested
with jurisdiction over the whole subject of the
whole fifiv-eight contractors, and that they
shall determine what is right and proper in the
premises. They ask nothing at the hands of
Congress but the appointment of an umpire
between these two commissions.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have the
Senator tell the Senate wherein his statement
differs from that which I made to the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. My statement is not through
yet.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is before the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I should be very glad if the
Senate would allow this matter to be disposed
of now.
