J868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
52®
day. It may be a necessary power; I am not
criticising the reposing of that discretion in
the Secretary of the Treasury; I am only hold-
ing up to the Senators who urge passage of i
this bill one proposition that they advance as
inconsistent with another that they insist upon.
That is all.
When is this reserve to be used? W hen it
is necessary to redeem temporary loans. Any
Senator who will look into the statements will
find that there is a great amount of temporary
loans running along all the time. We have
invested the Secretary of the Treasury with
authority to issue, beyond the $400,000,000,
$50,U0(J,000 of United States notes payable on
demand, to take up this temporary indebted-
ness. The temporary indebtedness falls due
from time to time; it is short paper, so to
speak. When he does issue these legal-tender
notes they go into the circulation of the coun-
try like anything else, and he can only get
them in again as the state of his circumstances,
the amount of his cash in bank, so to speak,
and the state of the business of the country
and of the receipts from taxes, and all that sort
of thing, will enable him to do it.
Mr. MORTON. With the consent of the
Senator I should like to ask him a question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator if he
believes that the Secretary of the Treasury
has the power to issue notes in lieu of those
that have been canceled under the act which
it is proposed to repeal or suspend.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe he has, and I
will endeavor to demonstrate it presently. I
said the other , day, in reply to the objection
which my friend from Ohio made, and made
fairly, with his view, to the amendment I had
the honor to offer, that I believed under these
acts the Secretary of the Treasury has power
to reissue United States notes, as the law
now stands, up to the $400,000,000 limit, and
then, of course, as is agreed on the other side,
to the extent of the $50,000,000 reserve in
addition. Bat the first question, involved in
this problem is: is it desirable that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall be told, " You shall
not expand the issue of United States notes
beyond the $400,000,000, which you will have
authority to do if the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New York is not agreed to'?". There
are only two questions connected with this.
The first is: is it desirable? and the second is:
if desirable, is it necessary and safe to say
so? Every Senator who believes that it is not
desirable that this discretion of the Secretary,
if it exists, should be curtailed, is, of course,
disposed to vote against this amendment, and
I am very much afraid that my friend from
Indiana is one of those Senators ; that he will
vote agaiast the proposition of the Senator
from New York on the ground that, considered
in and of itself, and in connection with the
question of the volume of the currency, it
ought not to be adopted—not because the law
already restrains the Secretary of the Treasury,
but because the currency, in his judgment,
ought to be expanded; and although he op-
poses reposing discretion in the Secretary of
the Treasury to contract, he is perfectly willing
that the Secretary should have a discretion to
expand.
I hope that every Senator who believes that
this permission to expand ought not to exist
will lie willing (although he may believe that
the law, carefully construed, does not authorize
it) to say so in terms to prevent any misappre-
hension in the mind of the present or any
future Secretary.
The question is, then, is this amendment
unnecessary ? The Senator from Ohio has put
himself upon the defensive, and has told t>s
that if anybody supposed there was any law to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
carry the amount of outstanding United States
notes up to $400,000,000 aside from the re-
serve he would be happy to have the law
authorizing it produced. Now I will endeavor
to convince my friend from Ohio that taking
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 34.
these acts together the Secretary has that
power. T hope he has not.
Mr. HENDERSON. No doubt he has the
power. |
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am addressing myself j
to the Senator from Ohio, who holds that he
has not the power. My friend from Missouri
says there is 110 doubt that he has the power.
1 should be glad to agree with the Senator
from Ohio, but I have 110 doubt that he has
the unquestionable power to carry the whole
amount of outstanding United States no^es up
to $400,000,000, and then the power to carry
it to $4-30,000.000 under the authority to issue
the $50,000,000 reserve to take up temporary
loans. As my friend, the chairman of the com-
mittee, has invited anybody who believes the
law now authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to carry up these notes to $450,000,000 to
show it, I proceed to do so.
The first section of the act of 25th February,
18G2, provides—
"That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to issue, on the credit of tlio United
States, $150,000,000 of United States notes, not bear-
ing interest, payable to bearer at the Treasury of
the United States, and of such denominations as he
may deem expedient, not legs than live dollars each."
The next act is that of 11th July, 1802,
which provides—
"That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to issue, in addition to the amount here-
tofore authorized, on the credit of the United States,
$150,000,000 of United States notes, not bearing inter-
est, payable to bearer at the Treasury of the United
States, and of such denominations as he may deem
expedient."
The next is the act of the 3d of March, 1863.
! Section two of that act authorizes the issue
1 of $400,000,000 of Treasury notes, and then
provides in the s&me section:
"And said Treasury notes may be made a legal
tender to the same extent as United States notes, lor
their face value, excluding interest: or they may be
more exchangeable, under regulations prescribed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, by the holder thereof
at the Treasury in the city of Washington, or at the
office of any Assistant Treasurer or depositary desig-
nated for that purpose, for United States notc3 equal
in amount to the Treasury notes offered for exchange,
together with the interest accrued and due thereon
at the date of interest-payment next preceding such
exchange."
Then the third section provides—
" That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized, if required by the exigencies of
the public service for the payment of the Army and
Navy and other creditors of the Government, to
issue on the credit of the United States the sum
of $150,000,000 of United States notes, including the
amount of such notes heret.ofofe authorized by the
joint resolution approved January 17,1863, in such
form as he may deem expedient, not bearing inter-
est, payable to bearer, and of such denominations,
not less than one dollar," &c.
Then we come to the act of the 80th of June,
1864, which contains this provision, and I ask
my friend's special attention to it:
"And the Secretary of the Treasury may redeem
and cause to becancieled and destroyed any Treasury
notes or United States notes heretofore issued under
authority of previous acts of Congress, and substi-
tute in lie® thereof an equal amount of Treasury
notes such as are authorized by this aot, or of other
United States notes."
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, now here is the point 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend wait until
I finish the recitation of the statutes, and then
I will hear him.
This act proceeds:
"Provided, That the total amount of bonds and
Treasury notes authorized by the first and second
sections of this act shall not exceed $400,000,000 in
addition to the amounts heretofore issued; nor shall
the total amount of United States notes, issued or to
be issued, ever exceed $400,000,000, and such addi-
tional sum, not exceeding S50,0t)0,000, as may be tem-
porarily required for the redemption of temporary
loan."
Now we come to the act of the 28th of Jan-
uary, 1865, which contains this provision :
"Provided, That this act shall not be so construed
as to give any authority for the issue of any legal-
tender notes, in any form, beyond the balance unis-
sued of the amount authorized by the second section
of the act to which this is an amendment."
That is to say, the limitation is again kept
that the total amount issued and to be issued
shall not exceed $400,000,000 as the rule and
$60,000,000 additional as the exception. Now
we oome to the act of the 12th of April, 1866.
The first section provides—
" That the act entitled 'An act to provide ways
and means to support the Uovernment,' approved
March 3, 18flo, shall be extended and construed to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury at his dis-
cretion to receive any Treasury notes or other obli-
gations issued under any act of Congress, whether
bearing interest or not, in exchange for any descrip-
tion of bonds authorized by the act to which thi* is
an amendment; and also to dispose of any descrip-
tion of bonds authorized by said act, either in the
United States 01* els. where, to such an amount, in
such manner, and at such rates as he may think
advisable, for lawlul money ot the United States or
for any Treasury notes, certificates of indebtedness,
or certificates of deposit, or other representatives of
valu„' which have been orwhich may boissued under
any act of Congress, the proceeds thereof to be used
only for retiring Treasury notes or other obligations
issued under any act of Congress; but nothing herein
contained shall be construed to authorize any increase
of the public debt: Provided, That ot United States
notes not inure than $10,000,000 may be retired and
canceled within six months trom the passage ot this
act, and thereafter not more than $1,000,000 in any
one month: And provided further, That the act to
which this is an amendment shall continue in full
force in all its provisions, except as modified by this
act."
Now, when we turn to the act of June 30,
1864, the section I have read is: " And the
Secretary of the Treasury may redeem and
caused to be canceled and destroyed any
Treasury notes or United States notes hereto-
fore issued under authority of previous acts of
Congress, and substitute in lieu thereof an
equal amount of Treasury notes, such as are
authorized by this act, or of the other United
States notes,'' with a proviso that we shall not
go beyond the $450,000,000. When you read
that in connection with the proviso of the act
of April 12, 18C6, what do you find ? You
find that the act of 1864 authorized the Secre-
tary to take iu and eaucel and reissue at his
! discretion in any amounts that he saw fit up to
J the full limit. Now, what did the act of 1866
I do? It merely by this proviso limited the rate
and times at which he should perform the
; function that the act of 1864 devolved upon
j him. It reads thus :
" That of United States notes not more than $10,000,-
000 may be retired and canceled within six mouths
from the passage of this act, and thereafter not more
than $4,000,000 in any one momh."
Now, what do we find, taking all this series
of acts together? We find that the standard
of the policy of the law, to borrow the expres-
sion of the Senators who are versed in finances,
was that the steadfast limit should be $400,-
000,000 and the moveable limit for temporary
emergencies $50,000,000 more. We find that
the Secretary of the Treasury was authorized
to retire and to reissue at his discretion up to
the total amount of these limits. Then we find
that the act of 1866, the repeal or modification
of which is under discussion, provided that that
should not go on at a greater rate than at so
many millions in a month, that he might retire
and cancel. Did not that, inasmuch as it was
no direction to him but a mere authority, leave
in force the preceding acts which gave him
clear authority to issue at any time when he
saw fit for the purpose that the law authorized,
to pay debts of course, up to the limit? My
friend from Ohio says it is plain it did not. I
wish it were so. It Appears to me to be plain
that that authority does exist.
Now, if the only objection of my friend from
Ohio—and I assume that it is because he says
so, if I rightly understand him—is merely that
this provision offered by the Senator jrom New
York is unnecessary because the law is so now,
why should he, if anybody among the public,
if anybody in the Senate believes that there is
even a doubt about it, object to its being
inserted? Has he not to-day set us the example
qf providing against a possible uncertainty by
modifying the amendment reported from his
own committee, stating himself that he did not
believe it to be necessary as probably it was
not; and did he find any Senator on this side
objecting on the ground of its uselessness?
By no means.
I do not wish, Mr. President, to occupy the
time of the Senate in these general discussions
as to the merit of the measure itself; but I do
