2938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBH.
June 8
2
well,Broomall.Cary.Ohanler,Dixon,Eggleston, Ela,
Finney, Fox Glossbrenner, Halscy, Hawkins, Hill,
Hooper. Asahcl W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Jones, Kelley,
Keldcy, Ketaham, Knott,William Lawrence, Lynch.,
Marshall, Marvin, McCormiek, MeCullough, Mun-
gen, Nicholson^ Orth, Perhata, Pike.Poland, Pruyn,
Robertson, Robinson,Ross,Shanks,Smith, Spalding,
ihaddous Stevens, Stone, Burt Van Horn, Ward,
Thomas Williams, JamesE. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Stephen P.Wilson, and Woodbridge—60.
So the House refused to lay tlie report on the
table.
The question recurred on seconding the
previous question, and it was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. I call for the reading of the
conference report.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House No. 1039, to admit
the State of Arkansas to representation in Congress,
having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective nouses as follows:
That the Senate recede from its amendment to the
Hotise bill, and agree to said bill with the following
amendment added thereto: "Under laws equally
applicable to all the inhabitants of said State: Pro-
vided, That any alteration of said constitution pros-
pective in its effcot, may be made in regard to the
time and place of residence of voters;" and that the
House agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
amendment of the preamble to the bill, and agree to
the same.. THADDEUS STEVENS,
F. C. BEAMAN,
Manager-? on the part of the House.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
C. D. DRAKE,
HENRY WILSON.
Managci s on the -part of the Senate.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask for the reading of the
first section of the bill as amended.
The SPEAKER. That is not usual, with
conference reports. If there is no objection
it will be read.
Mr. UPSON. I object.
Mr. BROOKS. Is the report susceptible of
division ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. It must be
agreed to or rejected as a whole.
The conference report was agreed to.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tceception op chinese embassy.
Mr. BUTLER. I rise for the purpose of
withdrawing my objection to the resolution of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to.
Resolved, That tho Senate bo invited to join with
the House of Representatives, in tho Hall of the
House, in the reception of the embassy of the Chinese
empire to the United States of America, at eleven
o'clock on Tuesday.
RECUSANT WITNESS.
Mr. BUTLER. I rise to aquestionof priv-
ilege. I report from the committee of investi-
gation the following resolution:
_ Resolved That any communication from C. W.
Woolley or his counsel, placed in the hands of the
Speaker, be sent to the committee of investigation
of this House, before which Woolley has been called
to testify, for examination and report.
I demand the previous question on the reso-
lution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that it is proper that the communica-
tion referred to should be read to the House, so
that the House may be informed upon what it
is voting.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of'order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first decide
the point of order made by the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I want to know if this
is a privileged resolution?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman makes
that point the Chair will rule upon it before
deciding the other question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do.
Mr. BROOKS. We both make that point.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin makes the point of order that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has no right to
report the resolution. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. BROOKS. That is not the point of
order I make. It is that the committee of
managers has not been in session for stnne
days—the oommittee of investigation so called;
that there is not a majority of the committee
present in the city, and that the whole busi-
ness has been conducted by two members of
the committee, a minority of the committee,
Messrs. Boutwell of Massachusetts, Bingham
of Ohio, and Wilson of Iowa, having gone
home some days since, and Mr. Williams of
Pennsylvania having been absent for some
days. Therefore no such report as this could
possibly be made from the committee of invest-
igation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule upon
that question. The committee are authorized
to report resolutions at any time. The Chair
does not know what has happened in the com-
mittee-room, as the Chair was not present.
They may have referred this question to a sub-
committee. They may have authorized the
gentleman from Massachusetts at some pre-
vious session to offer' this resolution if he
desired to offer it. The Chair is not cognizant
of what took place in the committee-room,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts states
for himself that he is authorized to make the
report.
Mr. BROOKS. I will waive the point of
order for the purpose of obtaining information
from the gentleman from Massachusetts whether
this resolution of his has not come from two or
three, or from three only, of the committee of
investigation, the majority of the committee
being out of town, and whether it is possible
for them to have been consulted on Mr. Wool-
ley's communication submitted this morning,
when the majority of that committee were not
in town this morning.
Mr. BUTLER. I know what took place in
our committee-room and the gentleman does
not. I am not allowed to state what took place
in the committee-room, and the gentleman
would not be if he had any knowledge on the
subject. Therefore I do not answer.
Mr. BROOKS. I make the point of order,
then, that it is not possible for the committee
to make a report, with a majority of the com-
mittee out of town, upon a communication
submitted this morning when the majority of
the committee are not here to do it. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts evades my ques-
tion and does not choose to answer it.
The SPEAKER. It is not within the prov-
ince of the Chair to know whether a majority
of the committee are in town to-day or this
week, or whether they authorized tho resolution
to be reported at some preceding meeting of
the committee, if the gentleman states that he
has authority to report it. As the gentleman
from New York raises the question of recep-
tion, the Chair will submit it to the House.
Mr. BROOKS. We have no security at all,
under a ruling of that sort, that any gentleman
may not rise and say that the majority of the
committee has authorized him to make a
report. The gentleman from Massachusetts
does not say that the majority of the committee
have authorized him to make this report. He
does not say that, and he dare not say it.
The SPEAKER. The question of any gen-
tleman daring to say anything is not a ques-
tion for the Chair to rule upon. If the gentle-
man from New York himself should rise in his
seat and say that he was authorized by the
Committee on Reconstruction or the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, of both of which
committees he is a member, to submit a report
to the House, the Chair would not feel priv-
ileged to ask him whether he had been so |
authorized to-day or yesterday, last week or |
last month.
Mr. BROOKS. It gives the majority of the
House the right to act upon tho assumption
of that kind made by any member.
The SPEAKER. _ This point will be decided
as a similar point raised by the gentleman from i
New York [Mr. Brooks] was decided the ot&er
day. The Chair will direct the Clerk to read
the rule, to be found on page 55 of the Digest.
The Clerk read as follows:
" If it is disputed that a report hsSbeen ordered to
be made by a committee the Question of reception
must be put to the House."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has raised the point that this resolution
was not authorized by the oommittee to be
reported to the House.
. Mr. BROOKS. And the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butlek] does not gay
that he was authorized by the committee to
report this resolution ; hehasnotsaid that yet.
The SPEAKER. That is a question for the
House to determine, having heard what has
been said by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts as well as by the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first sub-
mit this question to the House before enter*
taining any other point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What I desire to say
relates to a part of the point of order now
pending. In order that the question should
stand as the Speaker rules, I supposed it was
necessary that the person assuming to make a
report should submit that report on behalf of
the committee, and so state to the House;
and that this is not a report of the committee,
unless it is so presented.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, however, will
state to the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butlkb] rose in his place and
said: "Mr. Speaker, I Submit a question of
privilege from the committee on investigation,
and offer the following resolution.'1 That is
the usual way of making a report. It is not
for the Chair to challenge the statement made
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, or the
statement which might be made in the parallel
case of the gentleman from New York cited by
the Chair. That is a question for the House
to determine.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then would not a mem-
ber of the minority of a committee have the
same right to rise in his seat and say that he
desired to present a report from the com-
mittee ?
The SPEAKER. He would not. The gen-
tleman in that case would rise and say that the
minority of the committee asked leave to sub-
mit a report.
Mr. WOODWARD. Is not the communi-
cation referred to in that resolution to be laid
before the House before we are called upon to
vote upon the resolution?
The SPEAKER. That is the point of order
raised by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] and reserved until the point of order
now pending can be decided.
Mr. WOODWARD. My difficulty is, I do
not see how the House is to vote understand-
ingly upon any question connected with this
resolution without knowing what the communi-
cation is.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule upon
that point of order after the point now pending
shall have been decided.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make an
inquiry of the Chair. Suppose this resolution
be not received, would not the communication
received by the Speaker as one of the Repre-
sentatives from tha State of Indiana be referred
to the committee under the rule of the House
by filing it with the Clerk in the ordinary way?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not iike
to state what his action will be. The House
lias refused to grant permission to the Chair to
lay the communication before the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. My action would be some-
what governed by the decision of the Chair
upon that point.
The SPEAKER. Any member of the Hotise
can present the communication by that mode.
The question now is upon the point of order
raised by the gentleman from New York, that
this report is not authorized by the committee
