530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15?1
put it to Senators whose only real objection
as that this is merely an unnecessary provision,
that it is sticking a little too much in the bark
to so stoutly oppose it on that ground.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think that if theSenate
was in a condition to look at these laws they
would come to the conclusion 1 have done in
following the Senator, that the very reading of
the laws furnished by him makes the point 1
made clearer than before. There are but two
laws that really affect the question. The ques-
tion is, has the Secretary of the Treasury the
power to issue notes in place of those canceled
by him under authority of law. The first law
to which it is necessary to refer is the act of
June 30, 1804. That act gives the Secretary
of the Treasury the power to cancel notes, and
if the power rested there it is perfectly clear,
and my friend from Vermont would admit it to
be clear, that he would have no power to reissue
them. The power to cancel implies the de-
struction, the putting out of the way of the
notes cauceled. Unless the power is expressly
given to reissue or rather to issue new notes
in place of the canceled ones, as a matter of
course the power does not exist. Under the
act of June 30, 186-1, the power to cancel is
given and the power to reissue is given, so that
undoubtedly the Secretary of the Treasury had
the power, and exercised it daily, of issuing
and reissuing notes canceled under the act of
June 30, 1804. But when you come to the
act which is now in force, the act which regu-
lates the contraction of the currency and under
which the contraction has gone on, it provides
no authority whatever for reissuing notes in
place of those canceled. It authorizes the can-
cellation of $10,000,000 the first six months,
and $4,000,000 a month thereafter, and gives
no authority to reissue. When you look to the
general purpose of that act, which was an act
to convert the currency and to reduce it, you
see that the object of the legislation was to
provide for the reduction, the cancellation, the
destruction of the currency, the gradual absorp-
tion of it into bonds. Surely without express
power conferred by law to issue other notes in
place of those authorized by this act to be can-
celed there would be no authority to reissue.
I am not in favor of issuing any more U nited
States notes, but the objection I have to this
amendment is that it introduces another phase
of our financial problem into this bill, and in-
volves a sending of it back to the other House
• again to create debate and contention. Now,
I think Senators ought to be willing to let the
thing staud as it as at present. The Senator
from Vermont or the Senator from New York
can at any time introduce a bill on this subject
and take the judgment of the Senate upon it;
or they can wait until the Committee on Finance
report some bill upon which we hope to get a
majority of the Senate, and propose it as an
amendment to that. There is no hurry, no
haste in the matter. I say to the Senator from
Vermont that if there is any trouble about this
matter he has created it himself. I do not say
this unkindly of him; but bj offering his amend-
ment the other day he has created doubt. The
very fact that he offered a proposition of that
kind implied a doubt, and that is enough for
people to gamble in gold upon; and if there
are any fluctuations now in the gold market
caused by our discussions they are caused by
the amendment offered by him. •
Now, the only question for the friends of
the bill is whether we shall allow an outside
question, not necessarily involved in the meas-
uie before us, to delay or endanger the pas-
sage of the bill. If I thought there was any
doubt on this point, or any probability that the
Secretary of the Treasury would, under the
authority of the law we are about to pass, issue
notes in the place of those canceled, I would
agree that it ought to be prevented; but we
know that is an impossible thing; we know it
is not contemplated by the Secretary. There
is no authority, in my opinion, to issue any
notes whatever beyond the amount now out-
standing, except the authority conferred by
the act of June 30, 1864, to redeem temporary
liabilities, and that is provided for by the
$50,000,000 reserve.
Mr. COXIvLlNG. Mr. President, this bill
is to go back to the House of Representatives
any way, and I am inclined to think its fate in
the House will be quite as easy if we make it
right as if we make it wrong before we send it
back. 'Therefore, I lay out of consideration
the suggestion that by adopting this amend-
ment we send the bill back to the House. As
far as the House indicated anything by what it
did, it was a disposition fairly and effectually
to put up the bars at both ends, if I may so
say, and I think we are bound to take, as it
appears, fairly the disposition of the House.
Therefore, if in addition to the alterations
already made in the bill, which are to carry it
back, we perfect it and make it more effectual
in doing what the House intended, surely we
do not thereby jeopard it when it returns to
the House.
Now, sir, allow me to make one other sug-
gestion. I did not suppose in offering this
amendment that it was necessary or proper
for me to be armed with all the citations from
these laws. I had a general memory of them,
as we all have; but I had not looked, and I
have not yet looked, to see precisely how all
these sections taken together would leave this
question.
I am not prepared to say, as the Senator
from Missouri says, that to my mind it is en-
tirely clear that the Secretary has this power.
I do not propose to pass upon that question
at all. I supposed it was enough that there
was a doubt about it in fact, a doubt about it
at large, to render it proper, when we had the
subject before us, to put it so that there could
be no doubt. As, however, the question has
been made, I want to call the attention of the
Senate for one moment, and especially the
attention of the Senator from Vermont, to sec-
tion three of the act of March 3, 1863 ; and
before reading it I will admit—I think the fact
is so, but at all events I will admit in the argu-
ment—that the design of that section was that
the Secretary of the Treasury should only re-
issue in the place of notes canceled for a par-
ticular reason ; but just look at it as it stands :
"Any of the said notes, when returned to the Treas-
ury, may be reissued from timo to time as the exigen-
cies of tho public service may require; and in lieu
of any of said notes, or any other United States notes
returned to the Treasury and canceled or destroyed,
there may be issued equal amounts of United States
notes such as are authorized by this act."
Mr. HOWARD. Has not that been re-
pealed?
Mr. CONKLING. No sir, it has not been
| repealed. The design of it originally, if you
please, (and I rather think such was the fact,)
was to clothe,the Secretary with power, when
notes came back mutilated, defaced, worn out,
to cancel them and put out others in their
place ; but, nevertheless, as the Senator from
Michigan perceives at once, it stands as a
broad abstract power upon the statute-book.
Mr. HO WARD. A general authority.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly ; and I should
like to know what are these notes that we have
called in under the proviso of the oft-quoted
act of April 12, 1866V Notes in the language
of this act, in the first place, "returned to the
Treasury;" in the second place, notes " can-
i celed or destroyed," and indeed they are both.
Can any Senator draw an act now which would
describe more precisely those notes than this
authority, this enabling provision, describes
them ?
Now bear in mind that gentlemen are legis-
lating here who have evinced, without disguise
their want of confidence in the Secretary of the
Treasury. I beg to say that I am not ambitious
to be counted among those who have the great-
j est confidence in the Secretary of the Treasury.
| I think he is fallible, quite as much so as sev-
| eral other people that I have known in the
I course of my life. But bear in mind now that
i we are legislating upon the idea that Congress
I is to assert its right and duty to fix the volume
of currency and at the same time to deprive
the Secretary of every discretion not indispen-
sably necessary for the administration of his
office. Is it indispensably necessary to leave
to the Secretary of the Treasury, under a pro-
vision standing like this, broad and general as
the Senator from Michigan says it is, the power
to determine for himself whether by his mere
ipse dixit on a certain day ten millions, twenty
millions, thirty millions, forty millions, aye,
ninety millions, shall be added to the currency
of the country?
j I wish to commend to the lips of gentlemen
| who have this want of confidence the sugges-
, tion which has been made so often about the
[ blame that rests upon somebody for giving
j him this enlarged discretion. I undertake to
say that no lawyer can look at these acts which
are to be read in pari materia, which are not
1 suspended, which are not interfered with by
more recent action—no lawyer can look upon
them and on a casual examination at least
affirm that the question is free from doubt. On
the contrary, I think, taking the statutes as
they stand, the least that can be said by any
judicial mind is, that the balance of the argu-
ment is in favor of the opinion adopted with-
out reserve by the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri.
'Now, sir, however slight that doubt maybe,
if this legislation is sincere, if it is candid, if it
is intended to mean nothing more than ap-
pears—and far be it from me to suggest that
by anybody inside or outside of this Chamber a
1 different intention is entertained—why not let
us fix the currency in statu quo ? If we put
up the bars at one end so that it shall not be
less than what it is at the present time, why
not also put them up at the other so that it
shall not be more? The Senator from Mis-
i souri asks me, inaudibly to other Senators,
I why I want to do this, and I repeat his ques-
I tion aloud. I want to do it for reasons the
whole of which it would take me some time to
state ; but suffice it to answer the question by
saying that I want to do it to allay the doubt
upon which one Senator says men are gamb-
ling in gold on the street to-day; I want to do
it in order to put down that doubt in conse-
quence of which since we have been discuss-
ing this bill gold has risen ten per cent., and
I think about eleven.
Mr. HENDERSON. Will the Senator per-
mit me to state a fact which I have no doubt
he himself knows, bat perhaps has forgotten
for the moment, that immediately after the
passage of this bill suspending the power of
contraction through the House of Represent-
atives by a two-thirds vote gold fell from 141
to 133. Now, it is true, it has gone back to
141; but I do not think the price of fifteen or
sixteen millions of gold upon Wall street in
New York, which has been passing from hand
to hand during the war, should have anything
to do with our legislation.
Mr. CONKLING. I thank the Senator for
his suggestion. It reminds me of what I might
have forgotten at the moment, namely, that as
soon as this bill was passed by the House of
Representatives there went out with the an-
nouncement of that fact a public declaration
everywhere that it would never get through
the Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. Who authorized that?
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know, sir; but
that was said, as every Senator knows, far and
wide in the newspapers, by that same sort of
authority, I suppose, which manufactures all
sorts of sensations radiating from this capital.
Mr. CORBETT. With the permission of the
Senator from New York I will state that I re-
ceived letters from prominent men in New York
at that time, saying that they depended upon
the Senate to protect them against the inflation
policy of the other House which this legislation,
they supposed, indicated.
Mr. CONKLING. They aresharpand saga-
cious men: I hope they did not lean upon a
broken reed. But, sir, I was about to say that
in the newspapers and in the streets, at the great
