414
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 13,
Ho. of Keps.
Issues of the Campaign—Mr. Blair.
40th Cong. ... 2-d Sess.
accumulate the sum of over $7,000,000 for its
purposes, whatever they maybe, on the eve of
the approaching presidential election I
CONCttfSIOS.
But I am admonished that I must conclude.
I have dwelt at length only upon a portion of
the extravagance of this Government, and
chiefly upon that part which belongs to the
reconstruction policy of the Republican party.
I have not time to discuss its profligacy in
other directions ; nor have I dwelt upon the
smaller matters, such as the profuse expendi-
tures out of the contingent funds of the Sen-
ate and House ; as, for example, the pay of a
ciowd of useless clerks, the expenses of par-
tisan investigating committees, and especially
the expenses of the impeachment proceedings
through all their costly stages of injustice and
failure.
I have not even noticed that unwise and
unjust legislation by which Congress has cre-
ated an aristocracy of Government bond-
holders, by exempting from taxation their in-
vestments, amounting to more than one fifth of
the entire capital of the country. All these
and other unwise, unjust, and extravagant acts
of legislation have assisted to reduce the nation
to its present condition of almost hopeless
indebtedness, discredit, and oppressive and
unequal taxation.
Issues of the Campaign.
SPEECH OF HON". AUSTIN BLAIR,
of michigan,
In the House of Representatives,
July 13, 1868.
The House being in Committee of the Wholo on
the stato of the Union-
Mr. BLAIR said:
Mr. Chairman: We are about to return to the
people and to submit our work to their final judg-
ment. To' this it always comes at last. It is a
healthful process both for Representative and
constituent. It tends to cleanse the political at-
mosphere, removes doubts, spreads informa-
tion, silences clamors, and finally settles every
thing. Political creeds are brought to the test
of discussion, political charlatanry exposed,
and the truth vindicated. Parlies are tried and
judgment is pronounced upon their pretensions
by the tribunal from which there is no appeal.
The ballot-box is the only infallible test of
truth in our system of free representative gov-
ernment, and whoever shall refuse to obey its
decision is neither a patriotic citizen nor a
trustworthy man. There has been but one
notable instance in the history of the country
in which such a refusal has been made, and
the result of that appeal is not such as to en-
courage future atternps. If there are any
now who threaten to renew that experiment I
believe they will find occasion to reconsider
the determination before it is entered upon.
The very healthful character of an appeal to
the people was well illustrated two years ago.
Before that election we heard very much, as
indeed we do now, of the usurpations of Con-
gress and its gross tyranny over the rebel
States.
It was said by the President that it was "a
pretended Congress hanging on the verge of
the Government," and the people were sig-
nificantly told that the remedy rested with them-
selves. That remedy they applied so effect-
ually as to awe into silence aud acquiescence
for the time being even that turbulent dis-
turber. Let us not doubt that the decision
of next November will be equally wise and
patriotic, and its effect equally conclusive and
pacifying.
The Republican party, sir, enters upon this
campaign joyfully. It at least has nothing to
fear, but everything to hope from it. Between
it and the people there has been full confidence
and accord from the beginning. Ever since
its organization in 1856 it has remained faith-
ful to the principles of republican liberty upon
which it was then founded, when it resolved—
" That the maintenance of the principles promul-
gated in-the Declaration of Independence and em-
bodied in the federal Constitution is essential to the
preservation of our republican institutions, andthat
the Federal Constitution, the rights of the States,
and the Union of the States shall be preserved."
Standing upon this platform it fought through
its first great national battle, and though its
candidate did not reach the Presidency yet it
triumphed in twelve States, and proved that
its platform was of solid timber and its forces
equal to victory in the next succeeding trial.
Confident, but obedient to the verdict of the
people, the Republicans bided their time.
Amid fierce denunciations and threats of dis-
solution and war they met again at Chicago,
in May, 18G0, to nominate candidates for the
Presidency and Vice Presidency and to pre-
pare for the great struggle which every one
saw must result in victory. They repeated
their resolve of 1856, as follows :
"Resolved, That tlio maintenance of the principles
promulgated in the Declaration of Independence
and embodied in the Federal Constitution, that all
men are created equal; that tbeyaie endowed by
the Creator with certain inalienable rights; that
among these are life, liberty, and thepursuit of hap-
piness ; that to secure these rights governments are
instituted among men, deriving their just powers
from the consent of the governed, is essential to the
preservation of our republican institutions, and that
the Federal Constitution, the rights of the State, and
tlie Union of the States must and shall be preserved.''
Thus, having reaffirmed its cherished princi-
ples, and inviting the cooperation of all citi-
zens agreeing substantially with them, they
nominated Abraham Lincoln and Hannibal
Hamlin for President and Vice President,
and entered upon the contest as we do now,
with assurance of succcss. The result could
not fail. Onr enemies were already demoral-
ized, divided, distracted. We were over-
whelmingly successful, and the Government
passed into Republican hands.
The invincible power of the party consisted
wholly in the soundness of its principles and
its unwavering fidelity to them. It is preemi-
nently a party of principles. It has never
failed to inscribe upon its banners the sacred
and time-honored political creed upon which
the Governmentitself is founded. It has fought
all its battles "on this line," and has never
failed of substantial victory. Since it took
possession of the Government in 18G1 the
Republican party has been tried as no party
in this country was ever tried before. It found
the Union practically dissolved and eleven
States in armed rebellion for the total over-
throw of the national Government. Doubt
and dismay were everywhere. The Treasury
was empty, the Army betrayed, and the Navy
scattered abroad.
It is not necessary to repeat the history of
the four years that followed. Their record is
written on the hearts of the people of this
country by the untold agonies they suffered,
and all the sophistries of a corrupt and unpa-
triotic Democracy can never obliterate it. The
tall form of our great President, the wise, patri-
otic statesman and honest man, who guided us
through the terrible i'our years of calamity and
war. is still visible to our people. The grand
achievements of our armies, which have given
us a history, are not forgotten. The great
events which have attended the struggle must
pass out of men's minds before it will do to
charge the Republican party with unfaithful-
ness either to its principles or to the country.
Let its record be inspected by the people,
and then let the decision be pronounced for
or against it. What has it done? or rather,
what has it not done for the country in the
eight years it has held the administration ? It
found secession bold, defiant, and triumphant,
in possession of half the Union, and it has
grappled with and crushed it. It, encountered
a powerful rebellion, organized, consolidated
and equipped during a Democratic Administra-
tion and without resistance, &nd it has organ-
ized armies, constructed navies, and found the
means to supply, equip, and support them,
and it has cut in pieces the reb.el power with
the edge of the sword. In the midst of the
great struggle it laid its heavy hand upon that
gigantic system of force and fraud which from
the foundation of the Government held one
half the Union in the grasp of a despotism
more blighting and cruel than that of Turkey,
while it ruled the other half in its interests
through the cohesive power of the public
plunder, and it has perished miserably. The
infamous pretension that one man may order
another ; the impious claim that one man may,
without offense to the Creator, brutalize an-
other, has gone to its own place, and the polit-
ical atmosphere is cleared of the stench of its
offensiveness forever. The sum of all the vil-
lanies, laid bare by the avenging sword of
patriotism, is seen at last by the awakened
conscience of the nation in all its hideous pro-
portions, and the good and great unite together
to bury it out of sight. So great a malefactor
never died on any gibbet before.
If the Republican party had no other title to
the confidence and gratitude of the country it
might safely stand upon this and challenge a
comparison with any. Having accomplished
these great results it has devoted itself ener-
getically and faithfully to the restoration of the
revolted States in accordance with the settled
principles of the party which have been deliber-
ately and repeatedly approved by the people.
That this restoration has not already been
completed in all those States is to be attributed
not to us but to our enemies. Steadfastly and
resolutely has a Republican Congress pursued
its just and righteous policy of reconstruction
against obstacles and discouragements of no
ordinary character. Embarrassed by judicial
stupidity, delayed and hind'ered by the most
stupendous presidential treachery that ever
disgraced the annals of politics, the States have
nevertheless all been restored to the Union
with loyal governments with the exception of
Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas, and it is not
to be doubted that these will soon follow.
And now the National Republican party of
the United States, congratulating the country
'' upon the assured success of the reconstruction
projects of Congress," guai-antying equal suf-
frage to all loyal men at the South, declaring
ing that—
"We denounce all forms of repudiation as a national
crime, and national honor requires the payment of
the public indebtedness in the utmost good faith to
all creditois, at home and abroad, not only accord-
ing to the letter but the spirit of the laws under
which it was contracted. That it is due to the labor
of the nation that taxation should be equaliz-ed and
reduced as rapidly as the national faith will permit.
That the national debt, contracted as it has been for
the preservation of the Union lor a.il time to come,
should be extended over a fair period for redemp-
tion; and itis the duty of Congress to reduce the rate
of interest thereon whenever it can possibly be done.
That the best policy to diminish our burden of debt
is to so improve oar credit that capitalists will seeii
to loan us money at lower rates of interest than we
now pay, and must continue to pay so long as repu-
diation, partial ortotal, open or covert, is threntened
or suspected. That the Government of the United
States should be administered with the strictest
economy, and the corruptions which have been so
shamefully nursed anil fostered by Andrew Johnson
call loudly lor Radical reform"—
comes before the people of the country who
have so patriotically and earnestly supported
it in all previous trials, and asks the support
of their honest ballots.
\\ e meet at the outset in this contest our old
adversary, the Democratic party. It is the
same enemy with which we have had to con-
tend from the first. We are no strangers to its
tactics, and shall not be misled by its false
lights. If we speak severely of it it is because
it deserves severity. Its very name is a fraud,
its platform a delusion, and its pretended rev-
erence for the Constitution and the Union a
transparent cheat. Professing confidence '"i'n
the intelligence aud discriminating justice (jf
the people." it makes its appeals solely to
