1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5ai
money centre, and everywhere—surely nobody I
will deny what I say—the understanding was :
that this bill was not to pass the Senate; the
understanding was beyond that 
Mr. SHERMAN. Pardon me for inter-
rupting the Senator ; I wish to understand him.
It is a kind of arithmetic which I cannot get
through my head. Before the bill was intro-
duced in the other House gold was 141, and
after the bill was passed by that House it went
down to IB'!. Now I cannot understand the
problem how it should go up or down merely
because it was supposed the Senate would defeat
the bill, and before the Senate had acted, on the
mere supposition that the Senate would prob- !
ably defeat the bill the passage of which by the
other House had put down the price of gold i
about eight per cent.
Mr. CONKLING. Nobody sees better than
I do the unequal feast to which I am invited
here when these distinguished financiers put
me on the stand and cross-examine me on
such a question ; but really I am not so entirely
destitute of financial knowledge as not to be
entirely able to answer this question. Does
not the chairman of the Committee on finance
know that when this bill was passed by the
House of Representatives there was about to
be paid the January interest on the public
debt in gold? Does he not know as well as I
do that that and other causes wholly foreign
to this question were bearing down the gold
market and continued to bear it down, not-
withstanding the passage of this bill by the
House of Representatives? Does he not know, |
as I have stated, that the publication was uni-
versa! everywhere of the belief that it was not 'j
to pass the Senate; that it was referred here ;
to the Committee on Finance; that it was re-
ported back with a statement somewhat indefi-
nite, made by the Senator himself, which led
me sitting here and other Senators sitting near
me and certainly the public to understand that
not within any very short period was the mat-
ter to be taken up at all. Therefore, to use a i
phrase of the street, the fact that the bill was
passed by the House was discounted, dia- !
counted at once along with the idea that it was
not to pass the Senate and was to abide the
event of general financial legislation.
Then the approaching payment of the Jan-
uary interest carried down the gold market,
and it should have contiuued to carry it down,
and the other causes which were operating
should have continued to carry it down,; but
despite of all these we find that the bulls have !
succeeded in putting up gold ten or eleven per J
cent. I do not know what the quotation is to- ,
day, but it left off last night at 141 J. When
this,discussion commenced, as has been already
said, it was down to 132.
I was answering the Senator from Missouri,
and I will now respond to his question as to
why I want to adopt this amendment. I will
say that I want to adopt it in order to do all we
can, be the same more or less, if the main fea-
tures of this bill are to pass, to see that nothing
goes with it in addition which does any harm.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator misap-
prehended my question. I asked him what
good there is in contraction. We have been
contracting and we find that we are going in
the wrong direction. I agree with the Senator
that the Secretary of the Treasury has the
right to increase the greenback circulation to j
$400,000,000. I have been of that impres-
sion ; and I fully agree with the Senator from
New York and the Senator from Vermont in
their construction of the law, and so far as I
am concerned I would like to see the Secre-
tary exercise the power.. I do not wish to
dodge this point; I wish to be understood; I
want to see the Secretary exercise this power;
and if I had authority to do it I would make
him exercise it. In other words, if there is a
public debt drawing interest that within the
limits of $400,000,000 of circulation he could
pay and we could get a circulation which is
needed at least in my section of the country
without interest, I would have him do so ; and
that is the point to which I meant to call the
attention of the Senator from New York. I
say that it is the true policy, in my judgment,
for him to exercise that power;' but I am sat-
isfied that the Secretary of the Treasury, with
his views of financial affairs, will not expand
the currency.
Mr. CONKLING. That is, this particular
Secretary
Mr. HENDERSON. This particular Secre-
tary will not, but I should desire him to do it
to the extent of §400,000,000.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not apprehend the
scope 
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from New York if he will give way
to a motion to adjourn. ["No, no."J
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator from
Minnesota will allow me, I will complete what
I have to say in a few moments, and then liis
motion will be in order. I was going to say
that I did not apprehend the scope of the
question of the Senator from Missouri. If
1 had I should not have undertaken at this
time to answer it. I have to say to him,
however, that by putting that question he starts
an inquiry which all of us have been debating
for years, and each man has taken his part in
debating it. I beg to assure him further that
when it arises, as it doubtless will on measures
before his committee, I shall be ready, as far
as I am able, to justify the faith that is in me.
I believe that nothing would be more disas-
trous, nothing more suicidal to this conutry,
than to advance without limit upon that track
which the Senator indicates when he talks
about exchanging an interest-bearing debt for
a currency which bears no interest. I appre-
hend that there is nothing in the shape of dis-
aster which cannot be attained in that way;
and my reasons for that belief at a proper time
I will endeavor to give to the Senator from
Missouri.
Now, sir, returning to this question, I say
here is a doubt in fact and in law which no
man can gainsay; and with all respect to this
Senate and to every member of it, it ^ill be
idle to disclaim individually or as a body the
logical result, the conclusive evidence which
will be afforded by depriving the Secretary of
the power to contract the currency and at the
same time leaving open a probable door, or
even a possible door, by which he may expand
it. If we mean to leave it in statu quo no
harm can come of saying so. Right wrongs
nobody; but if we_ flinch from doing it I can
conceive of no logical reason except that can-
didly avowed by the Senator from Missouri,
that in his view the power exists, and it is
desirable to preserve it,
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays. I want the sense of the
Senate as to whether we are to finish this bill
to-night. I think, by taking the yeas and nays
on this motion we can test that question.
Mr. CONNESS. I think it is very evident,
or should be to the honorable Senator, that we
cannot get a vote. This discussion widens as
we go on.
Mr. SHERMAN. We must come to a vote
at some time.
Mr. CONNESS. I am perfectly willing to
have the yeas and nays taken.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we can have a
vote in half an hour if we go on.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 20, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Chandler, Conkling, Con-
ness, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Brake, Edmunds, Ferry,
Fowler, Hendricks, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont,
Nyc, Patterson of New Hampshire, Psvtterson of Ten-
nessee. Itamsey, Sumner, and Van Winkle—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Colo,
Dixon, Doolittle, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Hender-
son, Howard, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nor-
ton, Pomero.v, Sherman, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton.
Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalcw, Fessenden, Grimes.
Guthrie, Johnson, Ross. Saulsbury, and Sprague—8.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I shall
not take up the time of the Senate in discuss-
ing this measure; but I wish to advert to one
argument which has been used here in oppo-
sition to^it, and that is the constant rise in
gold in New York. I have obtained the gold
quotations to-day. The Senate will recollect
that gold was 141J yesterday. It opened this
morning at 140J. It has now gone duwn to
138'#. 1 presume that gold was affected some-
what by an apprehended political difficulty
here in reference to the Secretary of War.
Something of that character in all probability
affected the market. Perhaps our proceedings
in secret session had more to do with the price
of gold than our proceedings in open session.
Mr. President, is it intended by gentlemen
to go on contracting the currency until paper
comes upon a perfect equality in value with
gold? Is that the object? Is that the design?
I should like to know from the history of the
gold transactions in New York at what par-
ticular period it is likely that we shall arrive
at that result. Looking back at the price of
gold during the war, a statement of which I
hold in my hand, I find that ou the 20th of
July, 18G4, gold sold for 285 in the market in
New York; and on the 1st day of September
of that year it sold for 189, and the circulating
medium had been considerably increased in
the mean time. Will Senators tell me how
this extraordinary fact occurred? I suppose
that it was in consequence of other causes than
the amount of the circulating medium. Perhaps
it was owing to the general credit of the nation..
Perhaps somebody feared at that time that
General Sherman would not be successful in
his fight with General Hood at Atlanta; and
hence it was that gold went up to 285. It
depends upon the general credit of the Gov-
ernment, and not so much upon the amount
of circulating medium at the time.
Again, in March, 18G5, before it was at all
certain that General Lee would surrender, be-
fore it was at all certain that our arms would
be successful in front of Richmond, gold went
down to 148$. At a subsequent date in April,
1866, when the circulating medium was just
double what it is now, £old came down to 125.
From that day to the present, time contraction
of the currency has been exhausting in the last
degree, and yet gold to-day is 138. Will some
Senator tell me, after these facts are before
him, that the amount of the circulating medium
controls the price of gold in New York? It
cannot be so; it is utterly impossible. If con-
traction were to bring us to specie payments,
if this is the cure-all for the evil of our condi-
tion, I say we ought to have arrived at specie
payments long since. In April, I860, the circu-
lating medium, according to a speech made
about that time by the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. MoKRILI.,] was about nine hundred mil-
lions. What is it to-day? It is not now much
over one half of that, and yet we are further
from specie payments than we ever were.
Mr. President, I said that I agreed with the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] and
the Senator from New York [Mr. Conkling]
in regard to the power of expansion by the
Secretary of the I?easury. I go further and
say I am in favor of the exercise of that power.
If it were in my power to do so I would, as I
have already stated, make the Secretary pay a
proportion of the debts of the United States so
as to increase the circulation to $400,000,000.
We have contracted the compound-interest
notes and the legal-tender currency until the
country is upon the verge of ruin. If it is not
so, why is the Senate to-day discussing the
propriety of taking away the power of contrac-
tion from the Secretary at all? Why is the
Senate about to pass this bill? Because con-
traction has been carried to a dangerous ex-
tent. Hence it is said it is necessary to take
away the power.
But, then, gentlemen viseontheotherside and
say, "We admit that you are going to pass this
bill; we see it; we recognize the fact; but then
will you not do something else; will you not
say that we shall stand just where we are?"
Why, Mr. President, should we stand where
we aro ? Do these gentlemen not know per-
