1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3963
they were created together. This distinction
appears, first, in the title of the act, and, sec-
ondly in its provisions. According to its title
it is "An act to authorize the issue of United
States notes, and for the, redemption or fund-
vug thereof and for funding the floating debt
of the United States." In brief, greenbacks
were made a legal tender, and authority was
given to fund them in these bonds. This ap-
pears in the very title of the act. Now the
object of funding is to bring what is uncertain
and floating into a permanent form ; and ac-
cordingly greenbacks were funded and placed
on interest. The bonds were a substitute for
the greenbacks ; but the new theory makes the
greenbacks a substitute for the bonds. To
carry forward still further the policy of the act,
it was provided that the greenbacks might be
exchanged at once for bonds; and then, by
the act of 11th July, 1862, it was further pro-
vided that these very greenbacks " may be paid
in coin," at the direction of the Secretary,
instead of being received in exchange for
bonds ; — thus treating the bonds as the equiv-
alent of coin. The subsequent repeal of these
provisions does not alter the testimony to the
character of these bonds. Thus, at every tuin,
we are brought to the same conclusion. The
dishonor of these obligations, whatever form
it may assume, and whatever pretext it may
adopt, is nothing but repudiation.
ALL REPUDIATION DISHONORABLE.
The word repudiation, now so generally
used to denote the refusal to pay national ob-
ligations, has been known in this sense only
recently. In the early dictionaries of our lan-
guage, it had no such signification. According
to Dr. Johnson, it meant simply "divorce,"
" rejection," as when a man put away his
wife. It began to be known in its present
sense when Mississippi, the State of Jefferson
Davis, dishonored her bonds. From that time
the word has been too familiar in our public
discussions. It was not unnatural that a State
mad with slavery should dishonor its bonds.
Rejecting all obligations of humanity and jus-
tice, it easily rejected the obligations of Public
Faith. Slavery was in itself a perpetual repu-
diation., and slave-masters were unblushing
repudiators. Such an example is notfit for our
Nation at this great period of its history.
It is one of the calamities of war, that, while
it compels the employment of large means, it
blunts, the moral sense and breeds too fre-
quently an insensibility to the obligations in-
curred. A national debt shares for the time
exceptional character of war itself. Con-
tracted hastily, it is little regarded except as
a burden. At last when business is restored
and all things assume their natural proportions
it is recognized in its true character. The
country accommodates itself to the pressure.
This time is now at hand among us, if not
arrested by disturbing influences. Unhappily
the demands of Public Faith are met by hig-
gling and chaffering, and we are gravely re-
minded that the " bloated bond-holders" now
expect more than they gave ; forgetting that
they gave in the darkness of the war, at the
appeal of the Nation, and to keep those armies
in "the field through which its existence was
preserved; forgetting also that among these
bond-holders, now so foully stigmatized, were
the poor, as well as the rich, all giving accord-
ing to their means. It was not in the ordinary
spirit of money-lending that those contribu-
tions were made. Love of country entered
into them and made them more than money.
If the interest was considerable, it was only in
proportion to the risk. Every loan at that time
was a contract of bottomry on the Nation, like
money lent to a ship in a strange port and con-
ditioned on its arrival safe at home ; so that it
failed entirely, if Slavery, by the aid of For-
eign Powers, established its supremacy. God
be praised! the enemy has been overcome.
It remains now that we should overcome that
other enemy, which hardly less malignant than
war itself, would despoil the Nation of its good
name and take from it all the might of honesty.
And here to every citizen, and especially to
every legislator I would address those incom-
parable words of Milton in his sonnet to Fair-
fax :
"0. yet a nobler task awaits thy hand,
(For what can war, but endless war still breed?)
Tul truth and right from violence be freed.
Ami Public Faith clear'd from the shameful brand
Of public fraud."
POLLY OP REPUDIATION.
The proposition to pay bonds in greenbacks
becomes futile and fatuous, when it is consid-
ered that such an operation would be nothing
more than the substitution of greenbacks for
bonds, and not a payment of anything. The
form of the debt would be changed ; but the
debt would remain. Of the twenty-five hun-
dred millions which we now owe, whether in
greenbacks or bonds, every dollar must be paid,
sooner or later, or be ignobly repudiated. By
paying the interest of the bonds in coin, instead
of greenbacks, the annual increase of the debt
to this extent is prevented. But the principal
remains to be paid. If this be attempted in
greenbacks, it will be by an issue far beyond
all the demands of the currency. There will
be a deluge of greenbacks. The country must
suffer inconceivably under such a dispensation.
The interest on the bonds may be stopped by
the substitution; but the currency will bo de-
preciated infinitely beyond any such dishonest
saving. The country will be bankrupt. In-
convertible paper will overspread the land, to
the exclusion of coin or any chance of coin
for some time to come. Farewell, then, to
specie payments. Greenbacks will be every
where. The multitudinous mice that swam
the Rhine and devoured Bishop Hatto in his
tower were not more destructive. The cloud
of locusts described by Milton as "warping
on the eastern wind" and "darkening all
the land of Nile," were not more pestilential.
DIMINUTION OP TAXATION.
I am now brought to the practical question,
to which I have already alluded, how the pub-
lic burdens shall be lightened. Of course, in
this work the Public Faith, if kept sacred, will
be a constant and omnipresent agency, pow-
erful in itself and powerful also in its reinforce-
ment of all other agencies.
ECONOMY.
It will not seem trivial if I insist on system-
atic economy in the administration of the
Government. All neediess expenditure must
be lopped off. Our swollen appropriations
must be compressed. Extravagance and reck-
lessness, so natural during a period of war,
must give way to moderation and thrift. All
this, without any denial of what is just or be-
neficent. The rule, should be economy without,
niggardliness. Always there must be a good
reason for whatever we-spend. Every dollar,
as it leaves the national Treasury, must, be able
to exhibit its passport. Doubtless, the Army
and Navy can be further reduced without det-
riment to the public service. Beyond this great
saving there should be a constant watchfulness
against those schemes of public plunder, great
and small, from which the Nation has latterly
suffered so much. All those things are so
plain as to be little more than truisms.
SIMPLIFICATON OF TAXATION.
Another help will be found in the simplifi-
cation of our system of taxation, so that.it shall
be less complex and shall ftpply to fewer objects.
In Europe taxation has become a science, ac-
cording to which the largest possible amounts
are obtained at the smallest possible inconven-
ience. Instead of sweeping through all the high-
ways and by-ways of life, leaving no single thing
unvisited, the English system has a narrow
range and visits a few select articles only. I
see no reason why we should not profit by this
example, much to the convenience of the Gov-
ernment and of the citizen. The tax-gatherer
will never be a very welcome guest; but he may
be less of an intruder than now. A proper
tax on two articles, whisky and tobacco, with
proper securities for its collection, would go
far to support the Government.
THE DIMINUTION OF INTEREST ON THE NATIONAL DEBT.
Still another agency will be found in some
proper scheme for a diminution of the interest
on our national debt, so far as this can be
done without a violation of Public Faith;
and this brings me to the very bill now before
the Senate.
All are anxious to relieve the country from
recurring liabilities, which come round like tho
seasons. How can this be done best. First,
by the strict performance of all existing en-
gagements, so that the Public Faith shall be
our inseparable ally ; and, secondly, by funding
the existing debt in such ways as to provide  
reduced rate of interest. A longer term would
justify a smaller interest. There maybe differ-
ences as to the form of the substitute ; but it
would seem as if something of this kind must
be done.
Immediately after the close of the war, as
the smoke of battle was disappearing, but
before the national ledger was sufficiently
examined to justify a comparison between lia-
bilities and resources, there was a generous
inclination to proceed at once to the payment
of the national debt. Volunteers came for-
ward with their contributions for this purpose,
in the hope that the generation which suppressed
the rebellion might have the added glory of
removing this great burden. This ardor was
momentary. It was soon seen that the task
was too extensive, and that it justly belonged
to another generation, with aggrandized popu-
lation nnd resources, in presence of which the
existing debt, large to us, would be small. Here
the census has its instructive lesson. According
to the rate of increase in past years, our popula-
tion will advance in the following proportion :
In 1870  42,323,311
In 1880  56 967,216
In 1890  76.677.872
In 1900  10i.2US.415
In 1910  138,918,526
The resources of the country, already so
vast, will swell in still larger proportions.
Population increasing beyond example; im-
proved systems of communication expanding
in every direction; and the mechanical arts,
with their infinite activities, old and new—all
these must carry the Nation forward beyond any
present calculation so that the imagination tires
in the effort to grasp the mighty result. There-
fore, to the future we may tranquilly leave the
final settlement of the national debt, meanwhile
discharging our own incidental duty, so that the
Public Faith shall be preserved.
Here is a notable difference between tho
United States and other countries, where popu-
lation and resources have arrived at such a
point that future advance is very gradual.
With us each decade is a leap forward ; with
them it marks a gradation sometimes scarcely
appreciable. This difference must not be for-
gotten in the estimate of our capacity to deal
with a debt larger than that of any European
Power except England. But we must confess
our humiliation, as we find that our debt, with
its large interestin coin, secured by mortgage on
the immeasurable future of the Nation, is less
regarded abroad than the English debt, with
its smaller interest and its more limited secu-
rity. Our sixes will command only seventy-
four per cent, in the market of Loudon, while
the three per cent, consols of England are
freely bought at ninety-four per cent. One of
our bonds brings twenty per cent, less than an
English bond, although the interest on it is
one hundred per cent. more. I know no sub-
stantial reason for this enormous difference,
except in the superior credit established by
England. With the national credit above sus-
picion, our debt must stand as well, and. as
our multiplying resources become known, even
better still. Thus constantly are we brought
to the same lesson of Public Faith.
In spite of the general discredit of our
national, stocks abroad, Massachusetts fives,
payable in 1894, sell at the nominal price of
84, with the pound sterling at $i 44, equal to
9-1-5 in our gold with the pound sterling at
$4 83. There can be no other reason for this
higher price than the superior credit enjoyed by
Massachusetts ; and thus again is Public Faith
