ci32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 15,
fectly well that the contraction will be exhaust-
ive in the course of the next four or five months,
even if we puss this bill? The compound-inter-
est notes constitute a reserve in the banks, and
the bunks c.ui keep out a hundred dollars cir-
culation on every fifteen dollars of cotnpound-
intere.-t notes which they hold. These notes
will be paid off during the next live or six
' months ; they will be liquidated : and the banks
themselves in order to come into line must con-
tract at the rate of one hundred dollars to fif-
teen, and in the cities at the rate of one hun-
dred dollars to twenty-five. So this contrac-
tion will continue, and what is to relievo it?
Is there anything at all to relieve it? Nothing.
Mr. President, I am warned that the Senate
is tired. I do not know that I am responsi-
ble for that. I have not consumed time on
this subject, and 1 do not wish now to speak,
but I desire to protest against this condition
of affairs which is being forced upon the coun-
try, and which, in my judgment, will ruin or
bring to bankruptcy the western States. In
the establishment of the national banking sys-
tem jou limited the currency to $300,000,0<X>.
It might have been very well at that time to
limit it. Why ? Merely because you had then
some seven or eight hundred million dollars of
United States paper as a circulating medium.
Congress got us into this difficulty by assuming
to know how much currency the people wanted.
When we get rid of the insane idea that Sena-
tors—I acknowledge their ability—are the
proper persons to settle such questions we
shall be able to get along. If 1 were to go
hunting for a legal opinion upon a question of
law or of constitution ; if I were hunting for
wisdom to solve such a question, to whom
would I prefer to go than to my friend from
New York and iny friend from Vermont! But
when 1 am going to ascertain the amount of
currency that will be needed by the business !
interests of this wide-extended country ; when
I am going to learn how much is needed in
the Mississippi valley, how much-is needed in
exhausted and ruined South, how much is
needed in the Northwesfcupon the great lakes of
isconsin and Illinois, 1 surely would not go 1
to these gentlemen. These gentlemen ought |
not, as they will not, pretend, when the ques- :
tion is put to them directly, to assume in this
Senate to know exactly how much is needed.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Will the honorable ,
Senator allow me to ask him a question ? |
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly. j
Mr. CONKLING. I inquire of him whether
the organ of his committee in reporting this .
very bill did not commend it to the Senate first
of all as a measure right in itself because it .
asserted the power and the duty of Congress
to fix the precise volume of the currency in
place of leaving it to any other agency what-
ever to measure? And if that be so, then I <
ask the Senator how it is that, turning the argu- ,
ment upon those of us who have been opposing ,
this bill, he imputes to us a disposition to arro- ;
gate to ourselves a knowledge which we all j
know we do not possess. # ]
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not recollect that ;
the Senator from Ohio, the very able chair-
man of onr committee, took any siieh position, i
I do not remember any such remarks of his ,
npon the floor of the Senate. He may possibly i
have been guilty of such an assertion as that j
it is the duty of Congress to fix the amount of I
the circulating medium of this country. If he
has said any such thing he had no authority
from me, as one member of the committee, to
say so ; and I take the privilege, even if such
be his view, of differing from him and agreeing
with my very excellent friend from New York,
as I do in another matter, upon this occasion.
I will agree with anybody who agrees with me ;
and it is altogether likely, when the chairman
disagrees with me, that we are not together.
[Laughter.] But really I would dislike very
much to hear the Senator from Ohio take any
such position, because I cannot believe for a
moment that such is his opinion. A great
error was committed in framing the national
banking law in determining that the country
' should not have and never would require more
than $300,000,000 of notes. If you are going
to keep the national banking law as it now is,
limiting the amount of circulation to $300,-
000,000, then stop this contraction policy. If
you will so amend the national banking law as
to enable anybody who complies with its terms
to establish a bank in any section of the coun-
try where a circulating medium is needed. I
will go as far as he who goes farthest upon this
floor to secure at an early day specie payments.
I am no wild expansionist. I have been a
hard-money man all my life. I am not in favor
of a rag currency, as it is called. But 1 do rec-
ognize the fact that we must approach the con-
dition of specie payments slowly and gradually.
Specie payments is a healthy condition of the
commercial relations of the country; it is a
healthy condition of business ; and when we
remove the cause of the disease, specie pay-
ments, I apprehend, will come, no matter what
the volume of currency.
Gentlemen are frightened about the amount
of currency, and they point to the gold-board
at New York I apprehend that those who
operate there have not over fifteen millions of
gold to speculate in to-day. The transactions
there are unreal; there is but little gold there.
The operations at the gold-board remind me
of the story I have heard of a couple of Yan-
kees upon a rock in the ocean who went on
swapping knives eternally, placing a different
value upon the knives in each trade. I appre-
hend that $15,009,000 will cover the entire
sum that has regulated the price of gold dur-
ing the war. The operations there are specu-
lative to the very last degree. The gold is not
actually delivered when sold. Contracts are
made on which a " margin" is paid, and paid
in paper. If gold falls of course the purchaser
loses ; if it rises the purchaser gains ; and the
margin is paid one way or the other. There
are no real transactions. Now, sir, I hear the
Senator from Minnesota say that he wants to
adjoimi.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have not said anything
of that kind, although I feel that way very
strongly. [Laughter.] I feel it intensely.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator from
Missouri yield to a motion to adjourn?
Mr. HENDERSON. No sir ; I have been
for two weeks asking for a vote on this bill,
and I have been exceedingly anxious to obtain
it; but if Senators are determined to talk
against time I am as good a hand at that as
anybody I know of. [Laughter.] If the Senate
is desirous of ascertaining how disagreeable it
is to sit here when a man is hungry and listen
to speeches that are irnpalatable, I ask gen-
tlemen to take their seats whilst I continue.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. I would ask my colleague to
be so kind as to leave a portion of the evening
to me, for I wish to go into a general discus-
sion of all financial questions this evening, and
my friend from Connecticut [Mr. Ferry] is
ready to follow me in a similar discussion.
Mr! CONNESS. It is apparent, I think,
that we cannot get a vote to-night on this bill,
and I hope the Senator from Missouri will give
way to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. HENDERSON. No, Mr. President; I
cannot yield the floor. I am very much
interested in the remarks that I am making.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator from Mis-
souri will allow me to sav a word 
Mr. HENDERSON. "No, sir.
Mr. CAMERON. Will not the Senator
from Missouri allow me to say a word?
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir; I will not
yield the floor, not that I wish to treat my friend
with any discourtesy, but I want the bill passed
and passed now. 1 desire, if possible, to reach
a vote upon this question.
Mr. President, the currency has been con-
tracted sufficiently. I do not want to declare
by this amendment that no future legislation at
this session shall under any circumstances look
to the expansion of the currency. I do not
wish to forestall legislation that may possibly I!
look to expansion. I do not wish the Senate
to commit itself until that question has been
discussed. I do not pretend that I can say
anything to enlighten any gentleman on the
subject, but I think I can say something that
ought to induce the Senate not to adopt the
policy of contraction or even keep the amount
of the circulation at what we now have.
Mr. President, we must adopt the idea that
finance is like any other practical and sensible
question. We must come to the conclusion that
it is to be dealt with just as a man would deal
with his debts. If a man can take in a bond
upon which he is paying six per cent, interest
and put out a note upon which he pays noth-
ing I apprehend the country will find, and the
country will believe ultimately with me, that
that man is making money by the transaction.
I hold that this Government ought to do the
same thing; and when the people are informed
that you will not permit a man holding a six
per cent, security to take greenbacks or some
sort of security not bearing interest for it, I
apprehend that the party which commits itself
to any such policy will go by the board. But
gentlemen say you must not make paper so
issued a legal tender. Suppose, then, we say
that it shall not be a legal tender for any debts
already contracted and make it apply to those
hereafter contracted, what harm will that do?
If we intend to pay the debt, we intend to pay
it either in greenbacks in the shape of Treas-
ury notes, in the shape of certificates, or in
some other shape. When you come to look
at this question practically and in such a point
of view as to save the Government from one
hundred and thirty to one hundred and fifty
millions of gold interest per annum, your ac-
tion will be favorably received by the country.
But the Senator from New York says we
must look to economy and we must force our-
selves up to the proper point by abolishing all
sinecures, by abolishing all offices that unne-
cessarily take money from the Treasury, and
by cutting down the appropriations, and then
j we shall have satisfied the people in the proper
j way, instead of giving them additional currency
I whenever they demand it. Mr. President, the
Senator from New York had better establish
that system of economy before he cuts off the
circulation. Does he expect the people to pay
the necessary amount to meet the interest on
the public debt and to carry on the Government,
with its present exorbitant appropriations and
expenditures, if it takes ail the currency from
the people? I apprehend they will be unable
to pay the interest and the necessary amount
to meet the appropriations. But that seems
to be the policy to-day. The idea seems to
me, and it seems so to the country, to be by
mere contraction to make a bond now worth
seventy cents worth one dollar. I think that
long before that bond is worth a dollar it will
be worth less nnder this system of contraction.
I make no threats about it, but I fear that long
before you reach the payment of your bonds,
in other words, long before you bring them to
par under such a system, you will have bank-
rupted the entire country. And although the
Senator from Massachusetts claims that the
New England States and all the eastern States
have got rich during the war, they will find
themselves broken long before the bonds are
worth dollar for dollar in coin tinder a system
of contraction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He said the northwestern
States.
Mr. HENDERSON. No; he said the east-
ern States.
Mr. WILSON. I said that we had all made
money; but I thought the northwestern States
had especially.
Mr. HENDERSON. Senators talk learn-
edly about good faiths My friend from Ver-
mont talks learnedly about good faith. He
asks, do you propose to pay the bonds in green-
backs or in any sort of currency of the Gov-
ernment? Mr. President, I do not pretend
that I am in favor of any such proposition. I
hope that we never shall come to it. There is
no necessity for it, unless we insist on this
