H064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
exalted. Why shouM not the Nation. with its
infinite resources, surpass Massachusetts?
THE FV.N'DIXO BILL.
The bill before us proposes a new issue of
bonds redeemable in coin after twenty, thirty,
and forty years, with interest at five per cent,
four and 0110 half per cent., and four per cent,
in coin, exempt from State or municipal tax-
ation and also from national taxation, except
the general tax on income; these bonds to be
used exclusively for the conversion of an equal
amount, of the interest-bearing debt of the
United States, except the existing five per cent,
bonds and the three percent., certificates- These
proposed^ bonds have the advantage of being
explicit in their terms. The obligations of
the Government are fixed clearly and un-
changeably beyond the assaults of politicians.
A glance at the national debt will show the
operation of this measure. The sura total on
the 1st of February, 1SG8, according to the
statement from the Treasury was $2,501,845,-
873, being in round numbers twenty-live hun-
dred millions. Out of this may be deducted
legal-tender and fractional notes, as currency,
amounting to §388,405,505, and several other
smaller items. The following amounts repre-
sent the portions of debt provided for by this
bill:
Six per cent., (Hie 1881  $283,766,600
Six per cent., five-twenties 1,398,488,850
Seven anil three-tenths Treasury notes
convertible into tive-tweaty bonds at
maturity    214,953,850
tl.897.20J.3UQ
This considerable sum may be funded under
the proposed bill.
TIIE PUBLIC FAITH AGAIX.
If this large portion of the national debt,
with its six per cent, interest in coin, can be
funded at a less interest, there will be a corre-
sponding relief to the country. But there is
one way only in which this can successfully be
accomplished. Jt is by malting the Public
Faith so manifest that the holders will be in-
duced to come into the change for the sake of
the longer term. All that is done by them
mu."t be voluntary. Every holder must, be free
to choose, lie may prefer his short bond at
six per cent, or a long bond at five per cent.
or a longer at four and a half per cent,., or still
ajonger at. four per cent. This is his affair.
There must be no compulsion. Any menace
of compulsion will defeat the transaction. It
will be nothing less than repudiation with a
certain loss of credit, which no saving of in-
terest can repay. You must continue to bor-
iow on a large scale; but who will lend to the
repudiator, unless at a destructive discount?
Any reduction of interest without the consent
of the holders will reduce your capacity to bor-
row. A forced reduction of interest will be
like a forced loan. Whils seeming to save
interest, you will lose capital. Do not be de-
ceived. Any compulsory conversion is only
another form of repudiation. ! tis tantamount
to this declared crime. It is the same misdeed,
talcing still another shape—as Proteus was the
same Heathen god in all bis various transform-
ations. It. is repudiation under an alias.
Happily the bill before us is free from any
sueli damning imputation. The new bonds are
authorized; but the holders of existing obliga-
tions are left free to exercise their judgment in
making the change. I am assured by those,
who, from practical acquaintance with busi-
ness, ought to know, that these bonds will be
rapidly taken for the five-twenties.
FCXDING BILL AGAIN.
The same bill, in its second section, sets
apart $135,000,000 annually to the payment
of the interest and the reduction of the prin-
cipal of the national debt: and this is to be in
lieu of a sinking fund. This is an additional
security. It, is another assurance of our determ-
ination to deal h.,nestly.
The third section of the same bill is newer
in its provisions, and, perhaps, more open to
doubt. But, though uncertain with regard to
it in f.fa^ beginning. I have found that it com
mended itself oil careful examination. On its'
face it provides for a system of conversion and
reconversion. The holder of lawful money to
the amount of $1,000, or any multiple of
SI,000, may convert the same into the funded
debt for an equal amount; and any holder of
the funded debt may receive for the same at
the Treasury lawful money, unless the notes
then outstanding shall be equal to $400,000,000.
If bonds in the funded debt ^hall be worth
more than greenbacks, the latter would be
converted into bonds, according to the ordi-
nary laws of trade. The latest relation of
these two is as follows: $100 greenbacks equal
seventy-one dollars gold; $100 five per cent.-
equal seventy-six dollars gold. If the green-
backs are convertible into the five per cent.,
they will, of course, be converted while the
above relation continues. This must be so long
as the national credit is maintained abroad and
the demand for our securities continues there.
By this process our greenbacks will be gradually
absorbed and those that are not absorbed will
be lifted in value. It would seem as if bonds
and greenbacks must both gain from this busi-
ness, and with them the country must gain also.
Here would be a new step to specie payments.
The bill closes with a provision authorizing
contracts in coin, instead of greenbacks, accord-
ing to the agreement of parties. This authority
is in harmony with the other provisions of
the bill, and is still another step toward specie
payments.
NECESSITY OF SPECIE PAYMENTS.
I am now brought to the last branch of this
discussion, in which all the others are absorbed;
1 mean the necessity of specie payments, or, in
other words, the necessity of coin in the place
of inconvertible paper. Other things are means
to this end. This is the enditself. Until this
is accomplished financial reconstruction exists
iu aspiration only and not in reality.
The suspension of specie payments was ori-
ginally a war measure, like the suspension of
the habeas corpus. It was so declared by my-
self at the time it was authorized. Pardonme
if I quote mv own words in the debate on the
bill:
" It is a discretion kindred to that underwhiolithe
habedi corpu? bus be -n suspended f.o that eitucna
have been arrested without the forms of law; kin-
dred to that under which an extensive territory has
been dcol.ued to be iu a condition of insurrection,so
that all business with its inhabitants is suspended;
kindred to that which unquestionably exists, to ob-
Uin soldiers, if necessary, by draft or eonsei iption
instead of the free offeriugr of voluuteers: kindred to
that under which private property rnny be taken for
public uses: and kindred, also, to that undoubted
discretion which sanctions the eorapletest exerciso
of the transcendent right of self-defense."
As a war measure, it should cease with the
war, or so soon thereafter as practicable. It
should not be continued a day beyond positive
exigency. While the war lasted, it was a neces-
sity, as the war itself. Its continuance now
prolongs into peace this belligerent agency
and p ojects its disturbing influence into the
most distant places. Like war, whose greatest
engine it was, it is the cause of incalculable
evil. Like war, it troubles the entire nation,
deranges business and demoralizes the people.
As I hate war, so do I hate all its incidents and
long to see them disappear. Already in these
remarks 1 have pictured the financial anarchy
of our country, the natural reflection of the
political; but the strongest illustration is in a
disordered curreucy, which is present to every-
body with a dollar in his pocket.
The derangement of business may be seen at
home and abroad. It is not merely derange-
ment ; it is dislocation. Everything is out of
joint. Business has its disease also, showing
itself in opposite conditions; shrunk at times,
as with paialysis; swollen at times to unhealthy
proportions, as with elephantiasis. The first
condition of business is stability, which is only
another form of security: but this is impossible
when nobody can teli from day to day the value
of the currency. It may change in a night.
The reasonable contract of to-day may become
onerous beyond calculation to-morrow. There
is no fixed standard. The seller is afraid to
sell; the buyer afraid t6 buy. Nobody can
sell er buy a farm; nobody can build or mort-
! gage a house, except at an unnatural hazard.
' Salaries and all fixed incomes suffer. The pay
of every soldier in the Army, every Bailor in
the Navy, every office-holder from the Presi-
dent to the humblest postmaster is brought'
under this tyrannical influence. Harder still,
innocent'pensioners, wards of the Nation, must
bear the same doom. Maimed soldiers, be-
reaved widows, helpless,orphans, whose eup is
already full, are compelled to see their scanty
dole shrink-before their sight till it seems ready
to vanish in smoke.
A greenback is a piece of paper with a
promise on its face and green on its back,
declared to be money by act of Congress, but
which the Government refuses to pay. It is
" failed paper" of the Government. The mis-
chief of such a currency is everywhere, envelop-
ing the whole country and penetrating all its
parts. It covers all and enters all. Itisadis-
credit to the national name, from which the
Nation suffers in whole and in detail. It
weakens the Nation and hampers the citizen.
There is no national enterprise which it does
not impede. The Pacific railroad feels it.
There is not a manufacture or business which
does not feel it also. There is not a town, or
village, or distant place, which it does not visit.
A practical instance will show one way in
which individuals suffer on an extensive scale,
being generally those who are least, able. I
follow an ingenious merchant, Mr. Atkinson,
of Boston, whose figures sustain his conclusion,
when I insist that our present currency, from its
unstable character, operates as an extra tax of
more than one hundred millions annually on
the labor and business of the country; and this
vast sum is taken from the pockets of the peo-
ple, not for the support of the Government, but
to swell the unreported fund out of which the
excesses of the'present day are maintained.
There are few business men, who would not put
the annual loss in their affairs, from ihefluctua-
tion in the currency, somewhere from one to five
per cent. One per cent, is the lowest. Mr.
Hazard, of lihode Island, puts itat two per cent.
Now, the aggregate sales in the fiscal year ending
June, 18G7, were over eleven thousand millions
($11,000,000,000) iu currency, excluding sales
of stocks or bonds. One per cent, oil this
prodigious amount represents a tax of one hun-
dred and ten millions, paid annually by con-
sumers, according to their consumption and
not in any degree according to their ability.
This is one instance only of the damages an-
nually paid on account of our currency, if we
estimate the annual tax at more than one per
cent, the sum total will be proportionally larger.
Even at the smallest rate, it is many millions
more than all the annual expenses of our Gov-
ernment immediately preceding the rebellion.
Fluctuations in the measure of value are as
inconvenient and fatal as fluctuations in the
measures of length and bulk. A dollar which
has to-day one value and .to-morrow another is
no better than a yard, which has to-day one
length and another to-morrow, or a bushel,
which has to-day one capacity and another to-
morrow. It is as uncertain as "Equi'y,"
measured by the varying foot of successive chan-
cellors, sometimes long and sometimes short,
according to the pleasant illustration of Selden
in his Table-Talk. Such fluctuations are more
than a match for any prudence. Business is
turned into a guess, or a game of hazard,
where the prevailing anarchy is overruled by
accident:
" Chaos umpire sits,
And by decision more embroils the fray,
By which ho reigns; nest him high arbiter
Chance governs all/'
In such a condition of thing, the gamblers
have the advantage. The stock exchange
becomes little better than a faro bank. By
such scenes the country is demoralized. The
temptation of excessive gains leads from tho
beaten path of business. Speculation, with-
out money, takes the place of honest industry,
extending from tiie stock exchange every-
where. The failed paper of the Government
teachrs tb<> lesson of bankruptcy. Tire Got-
