2940
THE CON GEE SSION' 11'' GL QBE.
June *9,
It would then be within the power of the
Speaker, unless the counsel asked its return,
to submit it. under the rule, or return it at the
request of a member to himself. The paper is
not now in the possession of the Speaker ; a
member who thought he was authorized to ask
for it on behalf of the witness has taken it.
Mr. SCHENC-K. Is notthe question now on
the passage of the resolution which declares,
in reference to a particular citizen, that his
petition, memorial, paper, or whatever they
may be, w-hen presented, shall be sent to a
-committee to be investigated?
The SPEAKER. It speaks of all commu-
nications. It has been twice reported.
• Mr. BUTLER. T would like to have a word
to say about this resolution that almost every
gentleman has raised a point of order upon or
stated an objection to.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
'allow me a question ?
i Mr. BUTLER. No, sir; I will not. I have
fiot had a word to say on this motion, and have
been attacked on all sides.
Now, sir, I suppose that when a witness is
in: contempt of this House he has no right to
make any communication to this body, except
simply to say, "I am ready and willing to
testify, and I will do as I was ordered;" and
the House can protect itself against arguments
Or statements drawn -up by counsel who are
sow on the floor of this Hall against the rules
of the House, with the President's Private Sec-
retary, consulting with members on the other
side how this matter can be got through. I
say I suppose that this House has a right to
protect itself. And I suppose there is no ne-
cessity of any one's being exceedingly troubled
about the right of petition. Nobody proposes
to interfere with it. But we do propose that
-when a prisoner, for contempt of this body, is
in the custody of the House, we can have his
communication sent to some committee for the
purpose of examining and making a report
t'hereon, to be acted upon. And if any gen-
tleman thinks the committee are too slow in
reporting upon any communication he can ask
for a.report to be made. But I assure the
House that the committee will not be too slow
to this matter. The whole object of this is to
get thirty or forty pages, more or less, by this
perjured, defaulting, contemptuous, and con-
temptible witness published in the Globe. Do
I understand the Speaker that the paper had
been withdrawn ?
The SPEAKER. It has been.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, that shows the utter
contempt of the House. The question being
raised in the House whether it will receive the
paper, not wanting it to go to a committee, it
is taken away from the Speaker's table while
thi-s matter is pending, and then the House of
Representatives, representing the nation, is
played with hoar by hour by these conspira-
tors, who are illegally upon this floor, under-
taking to bring our proceedings into contempt.
- Mr. BROOKS. I raise a question of order.
I wish the gentleman's words taken down:
" conspirators on the floor of this House."
The SPEAKER. The words will be taken
down, and the Chair will rule upon them.
Mr. BUTLEIi. I said "illegally 011 the
floor of the House."
Mr. BROOKS. ThePresident's Private Sec-
rotary is legally on the floor of the House,
and the counselfor the prisoner islegally here.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. Is this question de-
batable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, I make the point of
order, and 1 ask that the Words may be taken
down.
The SPEAKER. The words have been
taken down, and the Glerk will read them.
The Clerk read as follows:
" By those conspirators, who are illegally upon this
floor, undertaking to bring our proceedings into eon-
tempt/'
The SPEAKER. The words taken down do
not embrace the previous words by which refer-
-igffefe waB miido to cea-faini individuate, and, as
the Chair understood, to the counsel of the
witness and the President's Private Secretary.
The President's Private Secretary is, by the
rules of the House, authorized to be on the
floor of the House. He has just submitted a
message from the President, and is, therefore,
naturally here. The counsel for the witness,
if they are not ex-members of Congress or
otherwise coming within the rule, are not
legally upon the floor of the House, as no con-
sent has been granted to them to come upon
the floor. The only remaining point is on the
word "conspirators," and the Chair doubts
whether the counsel for a person in imprison-
ment, by the order of the House can be prop-
erly regarded as conspirators. It is their duty,
as attorneys, to defend their client and to ad-
vance his interests within the range well known
by the profession, and which the Chair will not
attempt to limit; but they have no right upon
the floor of the House, if the point is made,
unless they are ex-members of Congress or
privileged under the rules as holding some
official position under the Government.
Mr. BUTLER. When I spoke of the Presi-
dent's Private Secretary 
Mr. BROOKS. I object to the gentleman
going on until he obtains the consent of the
House to proceed in order.
Mr. BUTLER. The Chair has not ruled me
out of order yet,.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York objects to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts proceeding except by the consent of the
House.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not understand that
the Chair has ruled me out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has made a
decision, but not ruled all the words out of
order. The language on which the point of
order was made involved three persons, and
the Chair has decided in regard to one of
those persons that the language certainly could
not properly apply, the words used being
" illegally upon the floor." In regard to the
other two persons, the witness's counsel, the
Chair thinks that the gentleman was not out
of order in so stating, if they are not-ex-mem-
bers of Congress, and the Chair thinks they
are not.
Mr. BUTLER. I was not speaking of any
member of Congress. [Cries of "Order!"
" Order!"]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to know whether
the Chair has decided the point of order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided
the point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood him to rule
the gentleman from Massachusetts out of order
so far as his remarks applied to the President's
Private Secretary.
The SPEAKER. So far as the Chair's
decision went it was that that remark was
clearly not in order, reference having been
made, in previous words not taken down at the
Clerk's desk, to the President's Private Secre-
tary as one of the persons illegally on the floor
of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] objects to the gentle-
ma#going on without the consent, of the House.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the Speaker allow mc
an inquiry?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLEU. How many Private Secre-
taries of the President have a right to come
upon the floor?
The SPEAKER. Whoever is acting at the
time as the President's Private Secretary in
transmitting messages to the House.
Mr. BUTLER. Then I did not refer to any
man acting as Private Secretary of the Presi-
dent. [Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to the gentle-
man debating, after the point of order has been
decided, until the question is determined by
the House whether he shall be permitted to
proceed.
Mr. BUTLER. I have not yet understood
that I was ruled out of order.
Tto SPEAKER. The Chair decided that
the gentleman's allusion to the Presidents
Private Secretary was not in order. •
- Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Warden, the short-hand
writer of the President-, was the person I alluded
to. [Cries of "Order!"]
Mr. EARNSWORTH. I desire to suggest
that no allusion was made to the President's
Private Secretary in the words to which the
gentleman from New Yorktook exception, and
which were taken down.
The SPEAKER. The words taken dowa
referred to the previous words which were
uttered within the hearing of the House, but
which were not taken down because they had
been uttered some minutes before.
Mr. BUTLER. How does the Chair know-
that ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] asks the Chair how
he knows it. In the first place the gentleman
from Massachusetts is not respectful to the
Chair.
Mr. BUTLER. I beg pardon; I had no
intention to be disrespectful. But how can
the Chair know that certain words of mine
referred to certain individuals? I referred to
conspirators illegally on the floor of this House;
there are more than one.
The SPEAKER. The words of the gentle-
man were, "these conspirators who are ille-
gally upon this floor." The gentleman had
previously stated that the President's Private
Secretary and the attorney for the witness were
illegally upon the flo'or of this House. Now,
if the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] will state that he did not intend these
words—"these conspirators who are illegally
upon this floor"—to be connected with the
previous words—" the President's Private Sec-
retary and the attorney for the witness- who
are illegally upon the floor of this House"—
the Chair will withdraw his ruling.
Mr. BUTLER. I will state that I meant to
refer to Mr. Merrick, the counsel for the pris-
oner, and W.W. Warden, the President's short-
hand writer. And I want to know cf this
House if I have the right to refer to these
men, when T have got telegram after telegram
between these parties?
The SPEAKER. As the gentleman from
Massachusetts does not say, in response to the
inquiry of the Chair, that those words refer to
different persons from those previously referred
to by the gentleman, the Chair rules that the
remark is out of order, so far as it relates to
the Private Secretary of the President.
Mr. BUTLER. I "do not refer to the Private
Secretary of the President.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts shall resume his seat
until the House gives him permission to pro-
ceed.
Mr. MILLER. I move that the gentleman
from Massachusetts have leave to proceed in
order.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not care to say any-
thing further now.
, Mr. MILLER. Then I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BUTLER. I call the pre\ iout, q^estiou.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts cannot move the
previous question while lie is out of order.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman refer
to the rule whiuh sustains that point ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I refer to the rule which
says that when a member has been ruled out
of order he shall not proceed without permis-
sion of the House.
The SPEAKER. Shall not proceed with
his speech. But he is not deprived of any
right as a member reporting the resolution.
He has the right to call the previous question ;
and if that call is sustained he will be entitled
to the floor for one hour.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Whilehe is out of order,
and without permission of the Hoase 1
The SPEAKER. Not in this hour, bat in
the hour after the previous question has been
ordered.
Mr. SCilENGK. IdesVro toxdrise+heatiint
