416
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 13,
Ho, OF EEPS.
Issues of the Campaig-rt—Mr. Blair.
40TH COKG.c..2D SESS.
Well, sir, not to stop too long upon' the char-
acter of this convention, composed Of the rebels
on the one side and their sympathizing friends
upon the other, I come now especially to con-
sider the platform which they have submitted
to the people of the country. I can hardly
blame them that in setting fortli'this .platform
they hare found it necessary to' gloss over a
great many things and to talk almost alto-
gether in generalities. They have not said
much distinctly and plainly," because it was
impossible that they should safely do so. -If
they had spoken out, as they had done in 1866,'
the real principle which underlie their organ-
ization, it would have destroyed all hope of
their success in this contest.
In adopting their platform they have started
oat with the assertion that the Democratic party
puts " its trust in the intelligence and discrim-
inating justice of the people of the United
States." I am glad to observe that this is
copied from the Buchanan platform of 1850.
They put "their trust in the intelligence and
discriminating justice of the American peo-
ple;" they, whose sole hope of success in this
contest is in arraying one class of our people
against another; in exciting to war and blood-
shed one race against another ; they, who say
to those who do not hold bonds—rob and strike
down the bondholder; that they who do not
have to pay taxes shall fight against those who
do; that they who are white shall make it their
principal business to put down and crush those
who are not white. Yet they have the hardi-
hood to talk to us of the discriminating justice
to which they appeal.
And then they assert that they take their stand
upon the Constitution of the United States
and they hold it to be the only true founda-
tion and limitation of the powers of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. And this from
Wade Hampton, this from Forrest, this from
the whole gang of unrepentant rebels at the
South! They take their stand upon the Con-
stitution of the United States ! Having failed
to break it in pieces, having baptized it in the
blood of half a million of men in their attempt
to destroy it utterly, these men come mouth-
ing before the people of the United States, and
tell them that they take their stand upon the
Constitution of the United States! Why, sir,
could impudence go any further than this ! Is
it possible to surpass it? I leave any man of
sense to judge of the sincerity with which that
declaration is made.
And then, sir, their next demand is for the
immediate restoration of all the States to all
their rights in the Union. Why, sir, these
gentlemen are not satisfied to take their stand
upon the Constitution of the United States, and
to hold it to be " the sole measure of the powers
of Government and the limit of those powers,"
but they are in hot haste to bring back all the
Slates to the enjoyment of all their rights.
How long, sir, is it since these gentlemen
wished to do that? When was Forrest con-
verted to the Constitution of the United States
and to this very ardent affection for the Union,
and this earnest desire for the immediate re-
turn of Mississippi to all her rights? How
long, 1 ask, is it since they have been affected
in this wise? And what hinders them from
returning? What hinders the restoration of
all these gentlemen to their former rights?
Sir, you cannot find it out in this gingerly-
drawn platform. If you read this platform all
through carefully you shall not know that there
has been any rebellion in the United States.
No, sir; you cannot find out from the first let-
ter to the last {and there are a great many of
them ) that there has been any rebellion in the
United States. It is said just toward the close of
the long stump-speech with which the platform
concludes that our soldiers—and this is said
very meekly—that our soldiers and sailors
ought to be remembered for gaining " a victory
over a most determined and gallant foe." Our
soldiers and sailors are simply named as "sol-
diers and sailorsbut the rebels who under-
took to destroy them, are called "a most
determined and gallant foe." Why, does not
everybody know that this jtian, Wade Hamp-
ton, was the very pride of that convention in
New York? . -
Their, first object, then, as I have said, ii to
get back into'the Union with all their rights
and they are entitled of course to all rights.
There having been no rebellion, according to
this platform, they are subject to no disabili-
ties ; but we are gross tyrants, we of the
Republican party, because we do not run after
them as the father did after the prodigal son,
and, while their hands are yet red, clasp them
in our arms and pardon them for all they have
done.
Their first request, then, is to come back.
Their second is for an " amnesty for all polit-
ical offenses." " Pardon the men who butch-
ered the prisoners at Fort Pillow," says this
Democratic party. Pardon the wretches who
made the prison pens at the South and starved
to death your loyal Union soldiers, who would
die rather than enlist under the rebel flag, and
did it by the thousand. What a pity, Mr.
Chairman, that we could not dig up out of
their graves Booth and Wirz, in order that,
when all political offenses'are pardoned in
the United States, these two special saints of
the Democracy might also be pardoned 1 And
then Jefferson Davis, waiting over yonder, hears
this sweet and loving call from New York for
the pardon of "all political offenses." He
shall come back again to sit in the Senate.
They have beaten the new constitution, it is
said, in Mississippi. They are fighting for
the original stamping ground of rebellion aud
secession. They have got Davis in training
for the Senate of the United States. It is fair
to say that these Democrats intend to bring
him back, to pardon every offense, to strike
down the fourteenth amendment, to put laurels
on the brow of Davis and seat him again m
the high places of the nation. If they do not,
then 1 do tot know what means this second
claim here. They wish to pardon all political
offenses. How will the gallant Union soldiers
receive this demand ?
Then having disposed of these things, hav-
ing gotten themselves upon the Constitution,
having gotten themselves back handsomely
into the Union with pardon of all political
olfenses, rebels are as good aud better than
loyal men in the country. Then, Mr. Chair-
man, they are ready to deal with the public
debt. That is the next thing which stands in
their way. That they are going to pay as
quickly as possible. This is the resolution :
"Third. The payment of the public debt of the Uni-
ted States as rapidly as practicable, all money drawn
from the people by taxation, except so much as is
requisite lor the necessities of the Government, eco-
nomically administered, being honestly applied to
such payment, and when the obligations ol the Gov-
ernment du not expressly state upon their iaee, or
the law under which they were issued does not pro-
vide that they shall be paid m com, that they ourfit,
in light and in justice, to be paid in the lawlul
money of the United Si.;: ! <■•. [Thunders of applause.!
It was adopted with thunders of applause.
What was the occasion of these thuuduis ? The
party has been converted to the new dispensa-
tion of "lawful money." which it seems is
something infinitely to be preferred to actual
mo'uey. 11 is a cheap and easy way, they think,
of getting rid of a very troublesome subject.
In a word, they will pay off the debt in 1' green-
backs."
Now, sir, I repeat the question which we
have been putting to them sincerely and earn-
estly all along. Gentlemen, when you have
paid off the public debt in greenbacks, what do
you intend to do with the greenbacks? That
is the important question, aud to that question
your platform furnishes no answer. Will you
redeem them in money or will you sweep them
out of the way as unconstitutional trash, and
thus repudiate the debt altogether? The peo-
ple have charged you with the latter purpose
and you 'bare not denied it; As you were
found untrustworthy in the great war out of
which the debt grew, we believe you .are not to
be trusted now with the: redemption of it, in
which the national honor is concerned. The
rebels that came to New York do not mean to
pay the debt at all in any form. It was made
in subduing them and they hate it.
Their fifth resolution is as follows :
"Fifth. One currency for the Government and the
people, the laborer and the office holder, the pen-
sioner aud the soldier, the producer and the bond-
holder."
Granted—I find no fault with it—that there
shall be the same kind of money for the bond-
holder, the soldier, the pensioner, and for every
citizen. But what kind of money shall that
be? Shall it be worthless, useless money for
everybody, or shall it be equal to gold and
silver ? That is the issue between them and us.
That is the issue between the Democratic party
and the Republican party. The Republican
party intends that there shall be the same dol-
lar to pay the debt and for the use of every
citizen, and it means it shall be an actual dol-
lar. The Democratic party declares it shall
have the same dollar for everybody, but it
means it shall be a worthless paper dollar
unless I misunderstand it. Then comes taxa-
tion. It says taxation shall be made equal,
that it shall be lessened, and all that sort of
thing ; precisely what every one says. It pro-
poses no distinct plan. It does not tell us
what it will do. Those who wish to take
that promise are at liberty to doit. I will not,
aud neither will my people. We will try them
awhile before we ttust them again with the
great interests of the country.
Now, sir, this is substantially the platform.
As I have said before, there is a long, tedious
stump speech at the end of it. That stuuip
speech arraigns the Radical party. It has Lm,^u
arraigning the Republican party ever since
that party had a beginning, and it will keep i.n
arraigning it so long as tlie Demoeraiie puny
lias an existence. We have been arraigned
and tried and condemned so constantly that
wo have got used to it. It does not affect us
particularly. In fact, I have the idea that the
more this party clamors at us, the more it
accuses us of all sorts of usurpation, the better
the people like us and the more they vote for
us, at least that has been the effect so far. I
do not imagine they are about to change, liut,
sir, after adopting a platform this party nom-
inated for itself candidates, and in order that
everything should be in perfect keeping they
got a candidate for the Presidency who, if he
was particularly noted for anything, it was for
having contradicted all the financial theories
which the party had put forth in its platform.
They had a greenback platform, aud so they
took a gold-paying candidate. They intend,
1 suppose, to repeat what they did so beauti-
fully many years ago when in the State of
Pennsylvania, they preached "Polk and Dal-
las, and the tariff of 1812.'' When they come
now to the people, as they find men who want
to get tid of the payment of the public debt in
gold, they will say, "My good fellow, do you
want to be rid of your buiden of public debt?
Look at our platform. There it U. We will
pay it off with the printing press," Aud when
they get among the bondholders in the East,
August Belmont and the rest of them, and they
are asked what they are going to do about these
bonds, they will answer, "Look at our candi-
date; hear what Horatio Seymour says. We
had, to be suie, to throw this 'tub to the
whale' in our platform, but you know Horatio
is a bondholder himself, and likes the ring of
the yellow metal in his own pocket. You can
trust him, though the platform does seem a
little awry on that question."
Compare, now. the magnanimous position
of the Republican party on this subject. \\ lias
it means to do will be found plainly set forth
in the platform of the convention at Chicago.
