1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
417
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Issues of the Campaign—Mr. Blair.
Ho. ok Eeps.
It means honest performance of an honorable
obligation ; it means to keep its promise in the
letter and spirit in which it was made. It tells
the country that it will go down with its flag
flying at the masthead before it will yield a
single iota of that which it has proclaimed as
the honest duty of the country; it will pay the
debt as we agreed to pay it. I think it will be
a very pleasant task to meet the people on
these platforms and to compare them. Mr.
Seymour, as I said, is a very fit nominee for
his party. They would gladly have won the
soldiers' votes, but they could not nominate a
soldier, because their whole record was against
the soldiers and they have too many soldier-
haters in their ranks. They did not like to
nominate a man who was an open copperhead
—though Seymour is very nearly that—be-
cause there were honest, soldierly Democrats
in their ranks who could not vote for such a
man. Therefore they made a sort of compro-
mise, and uominat!e4*~Horatio Seymour, a
smooth, plausible gentleman, well informed in
public afiairs, who makes the promise strong
to the ear but breaks it to the hope ; a gentle-
man who is almost always uppermost iu the
business of his party, and yet who does not
commit himself too far; who knows the whole
theory of Democratic politics from first to last,
a man who has done nothing in particular for
his country, and who they hope to make the
people believe has done nothing very particular
against it.
I shall not detain the House long in com-
menting upon the Democratic candidate for
President, but I will refer to two or three of
his sayings during the war, which will show
the principles upon which he acted. In Jan-
uary, 1801, he addressed the celebrated Twed-
dle Hall convention at Albany, and after argu-
ing that we should have to fight a united South,
and that therefore success was impossible, be
declared that "successful coercion by the
North was no less revolutionary than success-
ful secession by the South ;:' a principle in
strict accordance with the platform at Cincin-
nati, as I have been attempting to show in this
discussion. In October, 1801, he declared in
a public speech in Merchants' Hall, at Utica,
that "if it is true that slavery must be abol-
ished to save the Union, then the people of the
South should be allowed to withdraw them-
selves from the Government, which cannot
give them guarantees by its terms." Here
again he maintained the right of secession, for
he said " if you cai_"iot maintain the slavery
of the South it is your duty to allow the South
to withdraw;" and this he said after the wax-
had begun. Again, in 1803 he wrote a letter
to the Democratic State committee of Con-
necticut earnestly urging the election as Gov-
ernor of that State of Thomas H. _ Seymour,
an undisguised southern sympathizer, lie
s&ys:
" I feel an intense interest in the resuitof the elec-
tion m Connecticut. 1 have known Thomas II. Sey-
mour liom his youth up, and I know that a more
patriotic and honest man does not live."
Mr. Thomas H. Seymour was the head and
front of the opposition to the war in Connec-
ticut, as the country well knows. On the 10th
of May, 1863, he addressed a letter to a Val-
landigham meeting in Albany, from which I
make the following extract:
" Havinsr eriven it (the Administration) a generous
support m the conduct of the war, we now pause to
see what sort of a Government it is lor which we are
asked to pour out our blood and our treasure."
On July 13, 1803, the roughs of New York
gave practical force to Governor Seymour's
denunciations of the draft, and commenced the
terrible riots that are so well remembered.
On July 14, Governor Seymour addressed the
mob from the City Hall steps, and said :
"My Priexds: X have eome down liere from the
quiet of tile country to see what was the difficulty ;
to learn what all this trouble was concerning the
dralc. Let mo assure you that X am your iViend.
You iiave been my friends, and now I assure you,
my fellow-citizens, that I am here to show you a
40th Coxa. 2d Sess —No. 21.
test of my friendship. I wish to inform you that I
have sent my adjutant general to Washington to
confer with the authorities there and to have this
draft suspended and stopped."
That was the aid he was giving the country
in its hour of trial when a draft had been or-
dered and was about to be put in motion in
New York. He had nothing then to say for
the country but to make such a speech as that.
"My friends," said he to the blood-stained
ruffians who had been burning houses in the
city, robbing the people, and murdering and
bux'ning the innocents there. I add only an
extract from the Cooper Institute speech show-
ing his financial views* as follows:
"If we debase the currency by unwise issues of
greenbacks we shall equally perplex business and
destroy sober industry, and make all prices mere mat-
ters of gambling tricks and chances. This will end
as it did in tho southern confederacy. At the outset
the citizens of Richmond went to market with their
money in their vest pockets and brought back their
dinners in their baskets: in the end they took their
money in their baskets, and took hometheirdinners
in their vest pockets."
Nor have I time to stop but a single instant
upon the record of the gentleman who was
nominated for the Vice Presidency of the
United States by that convention. His letter
to Mr. Broadhead fixes his position beyond
all chance of mistake. It is as follows:
Washington, June 30,1868.
Dear Colonel: In reply to your inquiries I beg
leave to say that I leave to you to determine, on con-
sultation with my fnendsfroinMissouii, whetheriny
name shall be presented to the Democratic conven-
tion, and to submit the following, as what I consider
the real and only issue in this contest.
Tbe reconstruction policy of the Radicals will be
complete before thencxt election; theStatesso long
excluded will have been admitted; ne^ro suffrage
established and the carpet-baggers installed in their
seats in both branches of Congress. There h no pos-
sibility of changing the political character of the
Senate, even if the Democrats should elect their
President and a majority of the popular branch of
Congress. We cannot, thei elore, undo the Radical
plan of reconstruction by congressional uet'on; the
Senate will continue a bar to its repeal. Must we
submit to it? How can it be overthrown? It, can
only be overthrown by tho authonty ot the Executive
who is sworn to maintain the Constitution, and who
will fail to do his duty it he allows the Constitution
to perish under a series of congressional enactments
which are m palpable violation of its fundamental
principles.
If the President elected bytheBemocraey enforces
or permits others to cniorce these reconstruction acts,
the Radicals by the accession of twenty spurious
Senators and filty Representatives will control both
branches of Congress, and his administration willbe
as powerless as the present one ot Mr. Johnson.
There is but one way to restore the Government
and the Constitution, and that is for the President-
elect to declarc these acts null and void, compel the
Aimy to undo its usurpations at the South, disperse
the carpet-bag State governments, allow tho white
people to reorganize their own governments, and elect
Senators and Representatives. _ The House of Repre-
sentatives will contain a. majority of Democratsfrom
the North, and they will admit the Representatives
elected by the white people of tbe South, and with
the cooperation of the President it will not be dim-
cult to compel the Senate to submitonce more to tho
obligations of the Constitution. It will.not bo able
to withstand the public judgment, if distinctly in-
voked and cleaily expressed on this fundamental
issue, and it is the sure way to avoid all future scnte
to put the issue plainly to tho country.
I repeat that this is the real and only quostion
which we should allow to control us: shall wosub-
mit to the usurpations by which the Government has
been ovcithrown, or shall we exert ourselves lor its
full and complete maturation? Itjsidleto talk of
bonds, greenback5*, gold, the public faith, and the
public credit. What can a Democratic President do
in regard to any ol these with a Congress in both
branches contioJled by the carpet-baggers nndtheir
allies? He will be powerless to stop the.supplies by
which idle negroes ^reorganized into political clubs,
by which an army is maintained to protect these vag-
abonds in their outrages upon the ballot, These, and
things like these, eat up the revenues and resources
ot the Government and destroy its credit—make the
difference between gold and greenbacks, n c must
restore the Constitution before we can restore the
finances, tand to do this we must have a President
who will execute the will of the people by trampling
into dust the usurpation of Congress, known as the
reconstruction acts. I wish to stand before the con-
vention upon thisissue, but it is one which embraces
everything el-se that is of value in its large and com-
prehensive results. If is the one thing that includes
all that is worth a contest, and without it there is
nothing that gives dignity, honor, or value to the
struggle.
Your friend, FRANK X3. BLAIR.
Colonel James O. Beoadhead.
It is not the letter, bad us it is, that has so
much significance as the act of the convention
in nominating General Blair after he had writ-
ten it. They knew what it contained, and by
his nomination after he had written that letter
the convention has indorsed the terms of the
letter, and stands before the, country bound by
it as part of its platform. I may add that
there are words toward the close of the plat-
form very similar in language to the letter
itself. They declare that the reconstruction
acts of Congress are usurpations, unconstitu-
tional, revolutionary, and void, thus inciting
their people to violent resistance of these acts.
That is just what General Blair proposes. He
is not satisfied with the one war we have had.
He is not willing to obey the laws made by the
law-making power. He proposes to have a
President who shall compel the States that
have come into the Union under the laws of
Congress to go again out of the Onion, and
who will drive them out and set up in their
places the bastard governments, the slave-hold-
ing governments established by Andrew John-
son in the South, or some other sort of govern-
ment that will suit him better. To elect tho
Republican candidate, then, is to secure peace
in the country. To elect the Democratic can-
didate is to open the whole contest and to
renew the war.
Now, I have but a brief word or two more,
and that upon the subject of the candidates
which the Republican party has presented
before the people of this country. X need not
dwell long upon this part of the subject, for
those candidates are not unknown to the peo-
ple of the United States. Admonished by
experience great attention was paid to the
second office. Andrew Johnson has taught
us liow fatal an error it is to put into the V toe
Presidency a man who has notbeen thoroughly
tried and proved. But for the unparalleled
treachery of Johnson reconstruction would
have been completed long since and the spec-
tacle of sickening corruptions now seen in
public office would hare been spared us. The
assassination of Mr. Lincoln let loose upoa
the country such a brood of unclean beasts as
was never witnessed before in our country, if
it ever was in any other. The people have
tried a constitutional remedy in the impeach-
ment, but it has proved illusory, and all must
bear with what patience we can this great
debauchery until it can be corrected at the
elections. In Schuyler Coi.fax the people will
recognize a man long tried iu public affairs,
of great abilities, unimpeaclied fidelity, and
spotless reputation. We present him as a
candidate of eminent qualifications for the
office, who has been with us and of us from
the formation of the party. He has never
betrayed any trust nor failed to meet the full
responsibilities of any position he has held.
The interests and honor of the country will be
safe in his hands.
The candidate we present for the Presidency
of the United States is the nominee of the
people themselves. The convention at Chi-
cago went there to ratify the nomination;
they never made it. Long before the conven-
tion assembled the common voice of the loyal
people of the country had pointed out who tho
candidate was to be. They had followed him
through four years of agony and blood. They
had seen his loyal sword waving at the front
of the hosts of the Union in battle, and they
had never seen it sheathed before the enemy.
They had known him as a man not of many
words, but a man of very great deeds. Xhey
had seen him tried as no soldier in tbe coun-
try had ever been tried, and they had found
him equal to every emergency. They had
heard liim scoffed at by enemies and doubted
by friends. But when the outcome was reached
he was always victorious.
There is victory in the very name of Grunt.
The air rings with it wherever he goes, us it did
throughout the long four years contest, but,
say these Democrats, "Oh, he is uo; so uiuck
