1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
tilf
Mr. MORGAN. I made that inquiry because
the amendment in the first line- 
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can make
his motion when the bill is reported to the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
amendable, but not by striking out anything
that has been already inserted as an amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the bill by inserting after line eighteen
of section one the words, " on all sugars pro-
duced from sugar-cane, and not from sorghum
or impliee, other than those produced by the
refinery."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
amendment is not now in order. The Senator
proposes to amend an amendment already
agreed to in committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir; it
is an addition to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. But it is
to add to or alter an amendment already
agreed to. The amendment will be in order
when the bill shall have been reported to the
Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well,
sir; but I may 'as well discuss it now as at
any time. Mr. President, the statement of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance is an
exceedingly fair one ; but I confess that I have
not confidence that, after we shall have passed
this bill, our receipts will equal our expendi-
tures ; and I propose to criticise, in the first
instance, the estimate of the revenue to be
realized from spirits. Fifty million dollars
is the estimate for that for the year ending
June 30, 1869. Without going into any discus-
sion of that point, I do not believe there is a
Senator on this floor who thinks that we are
going toget §50,000,000 from spirits in 1868-G9.
I know that whenever we alter the laws in re-
lation to distilled spirits we always say, "we
are going to catch the rascals this time;" but
until human nature shall change, and we shall
find men regenerated and as pure as the angels
around the throne of heaven, that is a tax which
cannot be fully collected. Spirits are evasive,
and cannot be caught bylaws, whether State or
national, as we could duties. If we could now
enact any laws by which the collection of that
whole tax could be enforced we should at
once stop the production of the article. No
.man can afford to manufacture an article and
pay the lax and give away bis raw materials,
as he would be compelled to do, until the price
should rise so as to enable him to get the cost
of the raw materials, of the manufacture, and
the tax; so that, let the law bo as efficient as
it may whenever it may be passed by the other
House, it is absurd to suppose that we are
going to enforce it and to collect any such
amount as $50,000,000.
Then I turn to the subject of incomes, and
there was the only mistake that I thought I
discovered in the statement of the chairman
of the Committee on Finance. He states that
the amount of income tax collected so far this
year shows that that tax is going to reach
$30,000,000. Why, sir, the tax did not become
assessable until the 1st day of March, and it
is not payable until April, and the only data
that we have upon that subject are the returns
made and the tax collected in 18G7 ; and in
regard to that tax the law was not as it is now.
The information at the Internal Revenue
Bureau from the assessors is that we are not
going to get §20,000,000 from that tax, as I
understand on personal application there for
information on this topic. We enlarged the
amount of exemption from $600 to $1,000,
and that at once almost entirely excludes the
whole farming interest of the country from pav-
ing any income tax. It excludes nearly sixty
per cent, of the whole number of persons that
paid any income tax at all. Then wo changed
the rate so that those who formerly paid ten
per cent, where the income was in excess of
$5,000 now only pay five per cent., all alike
all over tlie country, whatever their income
may be over and above $1,000. From this
source we got last year over $25,000,000. The
statement I have made shows at ones that
there would be a reduction there of $12,500,000
probably, provided the amount of income of
the people was precisely the same this year as
the last.
But beyond that, from the depressed condi-
tion of the country, we know that there is
scarcely any kind of business which this year
will afford the same amount of income that
has been received heretofore. I know that
some speculators in real estate, in corner lots,
may perhaps have made some money within
the past year; but in almost every other direc-
tion the business of the country has been sadly
crippled, and especially has this been the case
for the last six months, and we may expect it
to continue to be depressed for the year to
come. With the same rates, andwithnogreater
reduction, that would be a large decrease in the
amount of revenue from incomes.
Therefore, Mr. President, it is with some
misgivings that I shall give a vote for this bill,
even with the amendments proposed by the
Committee on Finance. I should deem it dis-
astrous for us to report a bill here which would
show upon an examination it would not pay
our ordinary expenses and the interest of
the publie debt. Our creditors at home and
abroad are lynx-eyed. We cannot hope to
deceive them. The moment we report a bill
here that shall show a deficit, a less amount
of receipts to be expected than of expendi-
tures, it will be known throughout the world;
and it would be a very great mistake for us to
undertake to popularize ourselves by making
the country or the world at large believe
that we were reducing our taxation when our
expenditures were not reduced in proportion.
When we come to the subject of expenditures
I have not seen any disposition manifested
here for any such large curtailment of expenses
as will warrant us in throwing off the entire
amount of taxation which we are now com-
pelled to impose on the people. I find that
whenever a bill comes up appropriating a
largo amount there are always enough here
ready to pass it; it cannot be resisted success-
fully, no matter what the subject may be,
whether railroads, bounties, pensions, claims,
or anything else. To suppose that the Senate
will pass the regular appropriation bills as
they have come to us from the House of Rep-
resentatives without any increase is but the
sublimity of humbuggcry. No one doubts that
they will be increased at least thirty or forty
million dollars.
But, Mr. President, placing some reliance
on the expectation that tlie House of Repre-
sentatives will send a general bill here which
will recover in other directions some parts of
the revenue surrendered here I am almost
persuaded to vote for this bill. I will say, how-
ever, that to me it would seem impolitic for us
to repeal all the taxes now, and then before we
adjourn reinstate any considerable part of them.
I think it much better that we should keep on as
nearly as we can all tlie taxes we propose to put
on for this year. I have no idea that a general
bill from the House of Representatives will be
received here, and be acted upon, in season to
go into effect before September; and, there-
fore, I deem it important that we act upon this
bill at the earliest moment possible.
Mr. President, I desire now to say a word in
advocacy of the amendment I have proposed,
which is to reinstate on the tax list all sugars
produced from sugar-cane, and not from sor-
ghum or impliee. I know not why that tax
should not be imposed. It, produced last
year $500,000, and the year before it pro-
duced more than that. If it be repealed,
I warn Senators that whenever the subject
comes up the duty imposed on the importa-
tions of foreign sugar will be reduced an equal,
if not a larger amount, and the revenue now
derived from imported sugars, something like
twelve million dollars, will bereduceda million,
or even perhaps two or three millions, when-
ever that reduction shall take place, and that
is an amount which we cannot afford to spare.
Besides, viewed simply as a matter of protec-
tion, it is at the present moment an object,
even for the Louisiana sugar-maker, to have
this tax retained, for this reason : before the
tax was put on, our tariff was only three
fourths of a cent a pound on raw sugar; but
when we placed a tax of one cent a pound on
brown sugar from the sugar-cane we increased
the duty on imported foreign sugars up to three
cents a pound for the very lowest quality, and
for sugars above No. 12, Dutch standard, to
three and a half cents a pound, and above
No. 15 to four cents, and above No. 20 to five
cents a pound. Besides, only about one half
of this revenue is derived from that source, as
I understand; the other half is derived from
the manufacture of sugar from molasses. It
would manifestly be wrong to throw it into the
power of those men who distill molasses and
make sugar from it, to entirely escape from
tax, while all other sugars are taxed.
I do not desire, Mr President, to detain the
Senate any longer at this time.
Mr. STEWART. I do not desire to occupy
the attention of the Senate in any discussion
of this matter further than to express my de-
light at the opportunity to vote for so good a
bill. The mistakes we have made, which I
have been observing during the time I have
had the honor of a seat in this body, have been
that wo have levied too much taxation every
year. All our mistakes have been in that di-
rection ; and I am glad that we are now to
commence legislation touching the finances in
the direction of a reduction of taxation. The
Senator from Ohio reminds me that we have
reduced taxes every year for three years past.
We have not yet, at all events, made any great
mistake in that direction. We may have levied
a smaller amount of taxation each year than we
did the year preceding, during the last three
years; but stdl we have levied more taxes
than we ought to have raised during the whole
of that time.
When hostilities terminated we undoubtedly
had a debt of $3,000,000,000, funded and un-
funded. We have paid off $'207,000,000 of the
funded debt and enough of the unfunded debt
—I do not know its exact amount—to make
the total of debt paid off reach fully $500,-
000,000. We have lost in the collection of this
immense revenue from one hundred to one
hundred and fifty millions ay ear according to va-
rious estimates. I suppose $100,000,000 would
not be an overestimate of the amount wo have
lost by the attempt to levy too much taxation.
We have thus put a burden on the industry of
the country of not far from one thousand mil-
lion dollars since the close of the war above
the current expenses of the Government and
the payment of interest on the public debt.
If we remove taxation I believe we shall still
be disappointed in the amount of revenue. I
think my friend from Vermont will ascertain
that by relieving the industries that are pro-
posed to be relieved by this bill our income tax
will be increased and not diminished. There
is a point of taxation which may be reached
where you destroy the business interests that
you tax and then diminish the amount of reve-
nue. I think if you relieve the people from
some of these burdens you may look for in-
creased revenue from the sources of taxation
upon which you rely, and above all, I believe
you can look for an increased revenue from
whisky.
If you have plenty of revenue without the
whisky tax, and your Treasury is plethoric,
there is not the same responsibility upon the
officials to collect that particular tax ; but if
the wheels of Government must stop or the laws
be enforced there is an additional obligation
on them to collect the whisky tax and the other
taxes on which you rely. Levy only so much
taxation as, when collected, will pay the cur-
rent expenses of the Government, the interest
on the public debt, and a small amount of the
principal, and a very small amount, indeed, until
