534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
of gold and silver, and the many uses to which 1
they are applied besides that of making coin.
As applied to any ordinary state of business
that is perfectly true ; and therefore the appre-
ciation of prices and the depreciation in the
value of gold as coin in comparison to those
prices is so very slow that the community _do
not feel it, and as a practical element covering
any given space of time it amounts to nothing
at all.
That is true ; but when you take a currency
that promises to pay gold, whether it be the
note of a bank or the note of an individual,
or the note of a Government, which promise
it is perfectly known to everybody is one that
cannot be fulfilled, and it is known that other
similar promises are being dishonored every
day, you have an entirely different element in
the question. And every Government, that has
tried the experiment from the foundation of
the world to this day, so far as my reading and
observation have gone, has found by sad ex-
perience that that is the truth. The difficulty
with our own revolutionary Continental money
was not, as is said by my friend, in the mere
naked fact of its volume, but in the fact that its
volume was altogether too large for the amount
of coin that the Government could raise to pay
it with. That was the trouble. Now, what is
the reason we cannot resume specie payments
to-morrow as applied to the Government itself;
I am not speaking of its effect on the business
of the country, but merely as if we were a
banker dealing in our own notes which are dis-
honored to-day. Why can we not resume spe-
cie payments to-morrow? The simple reason
is that we have not. money enough to pay our
outstanding obligations, and we cannot get it.
That is the reason. I am not advocating re-
sumption to-morrow even if we had money
enough : that is a different question ; but I
am merely calling attention to the question as
one of business philosophy.
If I understand it, the only reason, so far as
the Government is concerned, is, as a business
question affecting its own ability to honor its
dishonored paper, the simple fact that it has
not gold enough in its vaults to meet its out-
standing obligations. There are $350,000,000
outstanding due in gold on demand. If we
had $350,000,000 of gold in the Treasury we
could resume to-morrow and meet every dollar j
and the result would be undoubtedly that if
we hud that not a dollar would be presented,
and the volume of the currency would be in-
- creased by that very fact, for the reason that
gold would then become of some use as cur-
rency, which it is not now.
Mr. HENDERSON. How much do you
suppose there is in the country?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The question that my
friend from Missouri puts to me as to the
amount of gold in the country is not the ques-
tion that is now before the Senate; and it only
affects it indirectly in considering how much
gold we can get into the Treasury. It is our
obligation, our promise, that is depreciated and
dishonored, and of the same kind exactly is
the promise which it is now proposed we shall
increase the volume of by issuing more dis-
honored paper. Therefore the question, in
order to know when we can come to specie
payments so far as we are concerned, is to know
when we can bring the amount of money we
have on hand so near to the amount of notes
we have outstanding and due as to make it
safe to offer to pay them. If we have but
$100,000,000 of cash on hand and $400,000,-
000 of notes outstanding, we cannot resume,
because if we did we should run out very fast,
and then we should be worse off than before.
But if we had $250,000,000 or $30,000,000 on
hand very likely we could do it.
I do not say it would be wise to do it then ;
1 do not think it would be necessary, because
the result would be reached. I am now only
speaking of our power and our obligations as
it relates to ourselves. Then the question is :
are we going to come any nearer to specie
payments liy issuing more of this same descrip-
tion of promise which is now dishonored? And
Ihopemyfriend from Oregon, [Mr. Wii-liams,] j
who imputed to me the other day a detmncia- '
tion of this paper, will not understand that I
nm denouncing this paper as ar.y other than
the best we can have under the circumstances
at this moment. It is a good paper, and ray
proposition is that it shall not be made worse
than it is, unfortunately below par, by issuing
more of the same sort until our ability to
redeem more of thes ame sort is demonstrated,
by having more funds to meet it with. That is
the proposition.
My friend from Missouri has said that the
volume of our promises to pay and the amount
of their depreciation have no relation to the
amount of gold that we may have in our vaults,
and that they have no relation—the volume of
it outstanding—to the amount of depreciation
that may exist. I do not agree with him. It
is perfectly true, as he lias said, that the
amount of depreciation of Government paper
or any other paper depends largely upon other
causes than its volume. There is no doubt
about that. It is perfectly true, as he has said,
that at one time in 1804 the amount of cur-
rency being at a certain limit the depreciation
of it was enormous; gold was 285; and yet,
when the volume of currency had increased,
gold fell. The reason is obvious: it is known
to the Senator from Missouri. It was on
account of political considerations. The credit
of the Government was endangered and dis-
turbed and dishonored on account of the dan-
ger that the public at large felt of our not being
able to resume at all, the danger of going to
utter ruin in the war of the rebellion in which
we were engaged. So I have no doubt it is
true to day that the price of gold is largely
affected by other considerations than the vol-
ume of our promises that we cannot pay.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me call the Sen-
ator's attention to the fact that on the 1st day
of April, 18GG, the volume of our currency being
double what it now is, gold was 125. Now
what causes operate to put it up to 138?
Mr. EDMUNDS. A great many different
causes. The patience of the Senate would not
enable me to go into that matter in detail; but
it of course is obvious, as the Senator from Mis-
souri says, that the mere volume of our prom-
ises to pay would not put it up to 138. Neither
would my friend, on the other hand, contend,
I conclude, that a diminution of the volume so
far as our United States notes are concerned
would put it up. We are both agreed in that.
Really there is not so much mystery about this
question after all. The amount of depreciation
of the paper of the Government or of anybody
else depends upon other causes than its mere
volume ; and yet it would be just as unwise and
untrue to say that its volume has no effect upon
it at all. It depends upon the credit of the
party whose promise it is that is dishonored
until, if the credit be perfectly good, you reach
a point of such excess in the circulation that
there is really more circulation in the country
than is wanted for the purposes of business.
Mr. HENDERSON. Now, I should like to
ask the Senator a question at that point. We
agree in the proposition that an increase of
the volume of the currency does not necessa-
| rily put us further from specie payments. The
larger amount of the volume of the currency is
absorbed in the business of the country. If
business in the western States is so very active
as to demand an increase of the circulating me-
dium, the Senator says it cannot be increased
through the national banks. I make no com-
plaint of the East; I honor the East for having
taken the bonds and commenced banking
operations with them during the war; I com-
mend their patriotism for so doing ; I do not
object to it, nor would I, in the redistribution
of the currency, take a dollar from the eastern
States, because if we were to undertake the
necessary contraction there, in order to give
my State and other western States their due
proportion of currency, my impression is that
business in those States would be very largely
deranged. Now, the question I wish to sub-
mit is this : if the increase of the volume of
the currency does not necessarily depreciate
the price of the currency, what objection has
my friend, if business demands it in the West,
to an increase in that volume, especially where
interest-bearing securities can be redeemed
with legal tenders?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I say that the increase
of the volume of a dishonored currency does
necessarily continue to depreciate it and in-
crease the value of gold. I say that that would
not be the only reason which might affect the
value of gold. That was my proposition ;
but I beg my friend, in speaking of the nps
and downs of gold, to remember that this de-
preciation in the price of gold, or rather, to
state it truly, this appreciation in the price of
our dishonored demand United States notes,
seemed by some fate of Providence or other to
have a wonderful relation contemporaneously
to the passage of the act of 1866—by the aid of
the Senator, I have no doubt; I hope so—which
provided for this gradual withdrawal of our
dishonored notes, so as to bring their volume
into some relation to the coin we had to pay
them with.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator is mis-
taken. The act was passed in April, and on the
1st of March, 1866, gold was 124|, still lower.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In March, 1866, the act
of April, 1866, was under consideration._ I
have not the dates here to show at what time
it passed the House of Representatives or when
it was under consideration here ; but I do know
from the public prints of the country—and that is
the way we form our estimates of public opinion
generally; they are the organs of public opin-
ion, and usually the just ones, and the right
ones, and the necessary ones—the Senator refer-
ring to them will find that the very fact of the
inauguration of this measure of 1866, under the
auspicesand withtheassistance, I have no doubt,
of the Senator from Ohio, who now seems dis-
posed at least to pause in the career of well-
doing, if not to go the other way—the fact that
it was on the tapis was regarded as an indica-
tion that Congress would resort to some per-
manent and steadfast policy to so far redeem
its own dishonored paper as to bring it within
the scope of fair and reasonable control, so that
it could make its obligations worth what they
purported to be—dollar for dollar.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken
as to my position. I opposed that law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I stand corrected,
and I cannot accuse the Senator of inconsist-
ency, because his conduct then was in precise
accordance with what his votes and opinions
seem now to be. The impression on rny mind
was that he had favored that law.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Vermont supposes that the appreciation of
paper in March, 1866, was caused by the pend-
ency of the bill which authorized contraction.
Let me refer him to the fact that on the 1st of
December, 1866, gold was 131}, and it is now
138. What produced that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is easy to state what pro-
duced it. It is not easy to state all the causes
in detail that produced it; but I will state one
which is a short and pert one to be sure, but I
hope my friend will not be offended at it. It
is the scarcity of gold. The scarcity of gold,
the balance of trade, the general financial dis-
tress of the country from over production,
from the great debts created, public and pri-
vate, all over the country in the course of the
war, affect the state of the currency undoubt-
edly and affect the price of gold. But the
proposition the Senator from Missouri has un-
dertaken to maintain is that it will be just as
easy for the United States of America, the
Government who owes these notes, to return
to specie payments with an expansion of the
amount of these obligations, as it is to do so
keeping them where they are or reducing them.
That is the proposition I am combating. I
have not the time, nor would the patience of
the Senate permit me if I had, to go over the
whole field of the question of the rise and fall
in gold. In countries where currency is in the
normal condition and where you can redeem a
