8966
1HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
and you should lift all the national creditors
to this solid platform rather than drag a sin-
gle citizen down. A just Equality is sought
by leveling up instead of leveling down. In
this way the national credit will be maintained,
so that it will be a source of wealth, prosperity,
and renown.
Pardon me, if now, by way of recapitula-
tion, I call your attention to three things in
which all others center. The first is the Public
Faith. The second is the Public Faith. The
third is the Public Faith. Let these be sacredly
preserved, and there is nothing of power or
lame, which can be wanting. All things will
pay tribute to you, even from the uttermost
parts of the sea. All the sheaves will stand
about, as in the dream of Joseph, and make
obeisance to your sheaf. Good people, espe-
cially all concerned in business, whether com-
merce, banking, or labor—our own compatriots
or the people of other lands—will honor and
uphold the Nation which, against all tempta-
tion, keeps its word.
executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that we
cannot gut through with this bill to-day, and as
it is desirable to have an executive session I
move that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not let us proceed
■with this bill a little longer?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is after three o'clock
on Saturday afternoon ; and there is some busi-
ness that ought to be done in executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. We can have an execu-
tive session later in the day, say at half past
four.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot get through
the executive business by beginning the execu-
tive session at half past four.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, _(Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays. We might just as well go on a little
longer with this bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 0; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron,
Cattell, Chandler, Cole, Oonkhng, Conness, Davis,
Edmunds, Ferry, Fcssenden, Fowler, Harlan, How-
ard, Jiovve, McOrecry, McDonald, Nye, Osborn, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Patterson ot* Tennessee,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross,Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Vickers.Willey, Willi ams.and Yates—33.
NAYS — Messrs. Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill ot' Vermont, Morton, Sherman, and Stewart—G.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard,Corbett.Cragin, Dixon,
Doolittle, Drake, Frelingbuysen, Grimes, Henderson,
Hendricks, Norton, ltice, Saulsbury,Sprague,Thayer,
Wade, Welch, and Wilson—18.
So the motion was agreed to.
After more than two hours spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhebsojj, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 109) excluding from the Electoral
College the votes of States lately in rebellion
which shall not have been organized, with
amendments, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 1284) to change and
more effectually secure the collection of in-
ternal taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and to amend the tax on banks, asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and has appointed Mr. R. C.
Schuxck of Ohio, Mr. Samuel Hooper of
Massachusetts, and Mr. W. E. Niblack of
Indiana, managers at the same on its part.
electoral votes of late rebel states.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the joint resolu-
tion (S. II. No. 13B) excluding from the Elect-
oral College votes of States lately in rebellion
which shall not have been reorganized.
The amendments were read. They were in
'1 and which States are not now represented
in Congressin line fifteen, to strike out the
word ''and" and insert "nor," aud to add to
the resolution the words, " Provided, That
nothing herein contained shall be construed
to apply to any State which was represented
in Congress on the 4th day of March, 1807 3"
so as to make the resolution read :
Resolved, &c„ That none of *he States whose
inhabitants were lately in rebellion shall be entitled
to representation in the Electoral College lor the
choioe of President or Vice President of the United
States, nor shali any electoral votes be received or
counted irom any of such States, unless at the time
prescribed by law l'or the choice of electors the peo-
ple ot such States, pursuant to the acts of Congress
in that behalf, shall have, since the 4th day of
March, 1807, adopted a. constitution of State govern-
ment under which a Stato government shall have
been organized and shali be in operation, nor unless
such election of electors shall have been held under
the authority of such constitution and government,
and such State shall have also become entitled to
representation in Congress, pursuant to the acts of
Congress in that behalf: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall be construed to apply to any
State which was represented in Congress on Ike 4th
day of March, 1SG7.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments of
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that the
amendments put the resolution in a shape
which the Senate several times voted down.
The objection to the resolution as it originally
stood was that it embraced States which had
already been admitted to representation. That
was the point upon which the discussion arose
in the Senate, and the Senate repeatedly voted
down this very proposition.
Mr. DRAKE. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes; I think, in sub-
stance, the very same thing. The Senator
from Nebraska [Mr. Thayer] made a motion
which saved the States of Arkansas and Flor-
ida by providing that the resolution should
apply only to those States not now represented.
The Senator from Nebraska moved the amend-
ment so as to conline the resolution to those
States not represented ; and tnat was satisfac-
tory to the Senate. The very difficulty we had
in this body was that the original resolution
reflected upon States already represented in
Congress, and it was making a distinction,
which many thought invidious, between the
States of Arkansas and Florida and the States
of Illinois and New York aud Nebraska ; and
hence the amendment of the Senator from
Nebraska was adopted by a very decided vote
of the Senate. Now, the House of Represent-
atives has stricken out that very provision
which made the resolution satisfactory to the
Senate. As there was so much trouble about
it, I think it would be best to non-concur.
Mr. CONKL1NG. 1 was going to make that
suggestion, that we non-concur and ask for a
conference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move, if itbe in order,
that we non-concur in the House amendments
and ask for a conference. I think that will be
the better way, and then we shall arrive at a
conclusion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A motion to concur has
precedence, and I make that motion. I have
looked at the amendments of the House. Aside
from the feeling of my friend from Illinois who
has had it all the time—it has been chronic
with him ; and therefore it is to be expected
that he will contitlue it—I think the resolution
as amended by the House of Representatives
comes nearer to harmonizing all the views that
the Senate had than any other would. It leaves
out the names of these States just as they were
left out last night, and makes the sweeping
declaration that none of the States which have
been in rebellion shall be considered as having
been restored out of the rebellion so as to vote
until they shall have reached the point through
the instrumentality of our reconstruction meas-
ures where they will be entitled to admission ;
that is, until they shall have adopted their new
constitutions under the authority of Congress,
submitted them to Congress for approval, have
them approved, and then have ratified the four-
teenth artiele; and then, in order not to include
Tennessee in that, which was admitted before
with a constitution formed prior to the 4th of
March, 1867, the proviso is added. I do hope
that on this mere question of form we shall not
haggle with the House of Representatives, but
concur in their amendments at onee.
The question being put on concurring in the
House amendments; there were, on a division—
ayes 20, noes 12.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have
the yeas and nays on concurring in the House
amendments. I think ail important principle
is involved.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is too late.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think it is too
late. ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. After the vote has been
taken and announced?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senate does not
want to give me the yeas and nays, be it so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should not have thought
of suggesting that objection if the Senator had
not been so exceedingly nice. I withdraw the
objection.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senate will not
give me the yeas and nays, be it so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Oregon addressed the Chair.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I was about to make a
motion to adjourn; but if the Senator from
Illinois wants the yeas and nays, of course I
shall not make the motion now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
have the yeas and nays.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make no objection.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 15 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Cole. Cragiu,
Drake, Edmunds, Harlan, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nye. Osborn, Ramsey, Ross. Stewart, Sum-
ner, Tipton. Wade. Williams, and Yates—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Conkling, Davis, Ferry,
Fowler, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, McCreery,
Morgan, Patterson of Tennessee, Thayer, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, and Vickers—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Chandler,
Conness, Corbett, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Fre-
linghuysen. Grimes, Howard. McDonald. Morrill of
Maine, Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Poinc-
roy. Rice, Snulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Wclch,
Willey, and Wilson—23.
So the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 11, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was partially read,
when, on motion of Mr. BOUTWELL, the
further reading was dispensed with.
united states courts in virginia.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, reported
back, with the recommendation that it do pass,
the bill (H. R. No. 1370) to fix the time for
holding the terms of the United States district
court in Virginia.
The bill was read. It provides that the
terms of the United States district court for
the district of Virginia shall be held as here-
tofore at Richmond and Norfolk, and that the
terms in Staunton shall be held on the second
Tuesday of April and October, and at Wythe-
ville on the fourthTuesday of April and October
in each year.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave ok absence.
Mr. CAKE asked and obtained leave of
absence for two days. -
