"1918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17 
oar business interests can revive, and you will
thereby create n necessity for a vigilant and
vigorous administration of the law. Let the
Secretary of the Treasury, and let all the offi-
cers who have charge of the administration of
the revenue, feel that if they fail to do their
duty they will produce a deficiency in our
accounts and bring on trouble with our cred-
itors. Then the public creditors will watch
these public servants and see that the laws are
enforced. Cease to levy your exactions on the
ordinary industry of the people; take your
hand off; let them prosper; and make every
man who has an interest in your bonds watchful
for the enforcement of your laws. That, I
think, is the true .policy. I believe our mis-
takes have all been in the direction of levying
too high taxes.
I rose to say thus much without any discus-
sion of the question. I must again express
my thanks to the Committee on Finance for
starting boldly at the right end of reform and
in the right direction. In that way you will
get more revenue next year than you antici-
pate. Let the people of the United States
have an opportunity to retrieve their fortunes,
let them have an opportunity to start in their
business again, lot trade revive, and the
sources from which you expect your revenue
will increase. But, sir, we have taxed too
much ; we have destroyed many industries;
wo must let them revive; and we must hold
officials to a strict accountability to collect the
revenues which we do levy ; and let them see,
if they do not do that, they will not have the
money to meet the expenses of the Govern-
ment.
It is dangerous to make our Treasury too
plethoric. I believe the surplus of revenue we
have been collecting lias been one of the cor-
rupting influences that have led to the failure
to collect certain taxes. I do not assume to
blame anybody for this. I know the Senate
have always been voting, as they supposed,
sufficient tuxes to pay current expenses, inter-
est, and a small part of the principal of the
public debt; and in each instance we have
levied more than was anticipated. Our taxes
have been such as to destroy many of the
industries of the country. Relieve those
industries now, and you will still receive more
than you expect. ' The reform is commencing
in the right direction. I hope the bill will
pass, and I see no necessity for the amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I believe the ques-
tionbefore the Senate at this time is the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Vermont.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
amendment is not now in order; but the Sen-
ator from Vermont proposes to move it when
the bill shall have been reported to the Senate.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Then, if itbe in order,
I wish to propose an amendment, to come in at
the end of the first section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be in order if it be an addition to thu matter
already inserted at the close of that section.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to amend the
bill fay inserting at the end of the first section
the following proviso:
Provided, That the products of petroleum and
bituminous subsfsmeos hereinbefore mentioned, ex-
cept illuminating gas, shall, from and after the
passage of this act, be taxed at one half the rates
tixeU by the said section ninety-four.
That scetion ninety-four is the section which
it is proposed to repeal with some exceptions ;
and petroleum, with all its products, is made
one of the exceptions. I cannot, Mr. Presi-
dent, but consider, when so many taxes are
to be dispensed with on articles of manufac-
ture, as they are called, and as most of them
are, that it is somewhat invidious to single out
tins production, which is one of the staples
ot^ my State, to be i-etained for taxation. It
might be deemed invidious under any circum-
stances, as it is by no means an article of
luxury, nor an article which leads to vice and
immorality, as whisky and wines are supposed
to do. There is no "other reason, nor have I
heard any other assigned, than that the tax
can be paid. All considerations of justice or
of equity in the arrangement of these taxes
seem to have been laid aside in reference to
this particular article.
The tax on petroleum is four hundred and fifty
per cent, on the value of the crude production
at the wells. Itisataxalmostashighasthaton
whisky, I believe. It bears almost the same per-
centage to the average cost of the article origin-
ally as does that on whisky. It is a high tax at
all events. The tax is on the refined oil, on the
other products which are the results of the dis-
tillation of the crude material. On the refined
oil, the price of which is now thirty-eight cents
in the market, and lias not been higher than
that, I believe, for many months past, the tax
is^ twenty cents, or more than fitly per cent,
of the selling price, and over one hundred per
cent., and considerably over one hundred per
cent., ol* the cost of the manufactured article.
The tax on the other products of petroleum,
such as naphtha, benzine, &c., is ten cents,
which bears an equally-high proportion to their
cost.
The injustice of it is evident by the remarks
I have made showing that this tax is onerous,
that it exceeds the actual value of the article,
and that there is no outside reason why it
should be taxed to this exlent. The price of
the article at the time this tax was imposed
was much higher than it is now. It was then
selling, I believe, at wholesale for not less
than sixty cents per gallon. There may have
been some propriety at that time, when we
were not in the way of reducing taxes but
rather of extending them, when the price was
better proportioned to the tax imposed, in
placing twenty cents on such an article; but
surely every reason should now dictate a re-
duction at least as great as that which I now
propose. I have asked no more in this amend-
ment, leaving the final adjustment of the rate
of tax to the bill that is talked of being pre-
pared in the Committee of Ways and Means.
I have asked no more on this article than a
reduction of fifty per cent, of the tax ; that is,
that an article which now costs eighteen cents
and is taxed twenty cents shall be taxed only
ten cents.
I think, Mr. President, that this request is
reasonable. I think it is in justice and in equity
demanded at the hands of the Senate that they
should make this reduction. Although I have
been told that this bill is but temporary in its
operation, that some time next summer, ac-
cording to the Senator from Vermont, we are
to have another bill here in which this matter
can be adjusted, yet, sir, Iask if during the in-
tervening three or four months there is any
justice in continuinga tax which you can now
afford to repeal at least in part and which is
enormous and oppressive.
The operation of this tax, as realized from
year to year, is very detrimental to the manu-
facturers of the commodity in this country.
The proportion between the crude oil exported
and the refined oil exported is largely in favor
of the crude; that is, the exportation of the
crude article is increasing, while the exporta-
tion of the refined article is diminishing inper-
hapsa greaterratio. The actual effect is easily
seen ; it is that the manufacture of the article
is discouraged in this country, while the crude
material is sent away to Europe, to the West
Indies, and to other places, but principally to
Europe, to be there manufactured into refined
oil. It is thus doing a double injury; it is
breaking down our own establishments for the
manufacture of this oil, and it is injuring the
manufacturers themselves to a great extent.
I am sorry to _ say that, from late develop-
ments, the fact is that the same tricks and
dishonesty have been manifested in relation to
this article under this high taxation which we
so much complain of in the case of whisky.
Oil refineries or distilleries are seized for dis-
honest conduct in relation to the tax from
time to time ; and it is already realized by the
honest refiners that their business is suffering
from the fact that an article can be afforded
to be put on the market at a cheaper rate
because of the dishonesty that is connected
with it.
I suppose it will be said in reference to this
matter that the country cannot afford to lose
one half of this tax. We can afford to lose
taxes on many other articles, it seems, but not
on this; and why ? Is not this a fair and le-
gitimate branch of business? Is it not giving
employment to hundreds and thousands of our
citizens? Is it not creating an article of ex-
port which is very valuable, and so taking the
place of the export, perhaps, of so much of
specie? Is not this aline of business providing
an article the export of which ought to be en-
couraged rather than discouraged V I presume
there can be but one answer to these ques-
tions; and when I assure you that the iacts
are as I have stated them in reference to the
diminution of the refining in this country and
the increase of the refining of our own prod-
uct in other countries I think no Senator can
well hesitate to grant what is asked for in this
amendment.
As I have heard this morning I have heard
for every year, I believe, since I have been in
Congress, that we were going to come short in
the revenue. That has been the cry on the.
part of certain Senators and the same Senators
every year that I have been here. I do not
pretend to impugn the figures that have been
laid before the Senate this morning; I believe,
011 the contrary, that they are correct; but I
do not think account is generally taken of the
increasing population, business, and wealth of
the country, to show that what is founded on
the results of last year is generally below the
mark during the next year. At any rate, sir,
I know, and you know, and every Senator here
knows this fact, that while we have heard of
and anticipated short revenue the Secretary of
the Treasury has managed to sequester some
three hundred million dollars out of these taxes
and pay it upon the national debt—money that
there was no occasion to pay; and it would
have been of far more service and interest to
the country if we had been allowed to reduce
the taxes in that proportion.
This article is manufactured in almost every
one of the northern and some of the southern
iStates. The oil is produced only in western
Pennsylvania and West Virginia and the ad-
joining regions of Ohio. 1 believe those are_
the only parts of this great Union where it is*
produced in any quantity. It therefore be-
comes a matter to us of the last importance as
being one of our staple products that its
chance for a sale in the markets should be
equal to other commodities; and. as I have
already stated, it is manufactured in almost
every State of the Union, and every State is
more or less interested. By reason of over-
production or something else those who pro-
duce the oil from the bowels of the earth aie
suffering. The refiners have hitherto done a
veiy fair business, and that business has been
increasing as far as the demand would admit;
j but now that is changed; the refiners begin to
suffer; the business begins to go down; and
of course those who only produce will suffer
accordingly. We both produce and manufac-
ture in my State; and it is such an interest
that I could not excuse myself if 1 was silent
on the subject. I hope Senators will take what
is proposed into consideration and reflect on
it. Although it may fail from having a bnd
advocate, I trust., if they will examine the sub-
ject for themselves, there will be no necessity
for my adding a word to what 1 have said.
Mr. C AMEPiON. I shall vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from West Virginia, be-
cause of its justice, in my opinion, for some
other reasons besides those which he has ex-
plained. The production of petroleum is one
which a few years ago excited the interest of
the whole world. For a little while it was
very profitable ; I believe the price of the crude
oil went up as high as a dollar a gallon; and
I x'emember at that time it did more to pre-
