418
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 7,
Ho. of Reps.
Impeachment—Mr. Willia'ms.
4,0th Gona 2d Sess.-
ot' a man after all 1 Very strange and extraor-
dinary circumstances have put him into high
position." For once it seems that according to
these people lightning got into the habit of
striking exactly in the same place all the time
for four years, and it flashed brighter and
brighter with every clap of thunder that came
from the battle-fields of the Union. I said that
the people of this country know this man ; they
know they can trust him : he has proved it on
most of the great battle-fields of the war; and
lie has proved it since. In every position he
has ever held he has shown himself steadfast,
thorough, honest, and faithful. Modest he is,
too, as greatness always is. Grant has never
blown his own trumpet on any street in this
broad land; that is not his fashion.
A deep thinker, a hard worker, and a harder
striker, he has been found equal to the work
which was given him to do. And when the
people began to look about over this country,
and to consider who it was that should com-
plete the great work that the armies of the
Union had begun, who it was who should lead
them in peace as they had. been led in war to
victory, who it was who should gamer in for
them the great crop they had planted, and
which was ready for the reaper, the finger of
every loyal man in the country pointed out
Ulysses S. Grant.
The loyal people of the United States intend
to have no more war ; they mean that this shall
be the end of it. They mean to make sure
what the Democratic party says in the begin-
ning of its platform, that secession and slavery
have been settled for all time by the events of
the last eight years. Ay, indeed, they have
Keen settled, provided the loyal and patriotic
party which has settled it thus far can have
ilie control of the country in the settlement of
the future. If Ulysses S. Grant is elected to
the Presidency, and 1 believe he will be as
confidently- as I believe in my existence, all
that has been won shall be saved, and nothing
iost.
1 repeat, the election of our ticket is the final
success of the principles established by the war.
It is the only fit and consistent closing of the
great struggle by a just and peaceful recon-
struction.
"Let us have peace;" and to that end let us
have Grant.
Impeachment.
SPEECH OF HON. T. WILLIAMS,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
July 7, 1868.
On additional articles presented to the House for the
impeachment of Andrew Johnson, President of
the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Before
proceeding to state the reasons which have
prompted me to submit the additional charges
against the President which have just been
read, it is proper, in view of my relation to
this House as one of its managers, as well as
to my associates themselves, that I should say
in advance of what 1 may have to offer in their
support, that what I now do is on my own re-
sponsibility alone, though not, of course, with-
out such notice to them as a proper respect for
their opinions required me to give. A major-
ity of them did not agree with me as to the
wisdom of their exhibition at the present stage
of the proceedings. It is not for me to state
the reason of their dissent. I may be pardoned,
however, for suggesting, in the way of protest
only against any different conclusion, that it
was not, I think, on the ground that the mat-
ters involved were either not impeachable or
not true, but rather because tljey were of the
opinion that if the President could not be con-
victed upon the case already presented against
him, it was idle to suppose that there was any
possible state of facts on which a conviction
could bo secured.
I do not concur in this opinion. Although
agreeing that the case presented to the Senate,
made up as it was o£ facts that were not open
to dispute, was so entirely adequate as to have
insured a conviction before any bench ofjudges
learned in the law, it did not strike me as wise
to leave the impeachment of the House against
so high an officer, with all the power and all
the prestige of his place, to rest before a tri-
bunal compounded of such heterogeneous ele-
ments, upon any questions of law that afforded
so large a scope for the ingenuity of profes-
sional men, when there was, I as think, another
case in reserve, in which the offense was at
least equally heinous, and the facts equally
unquestionable, and where the law was so trans-
parent that no false logic could darken counsel,
or run away with the understanding of the
judge, and no man, whether lawyer or layman,
could frame an apology for mistake. If it was
important to this nation to convict and remove
a President who is admitted even by his apolo-
gists in the Senate to be utterly unfit for the
high place which he occupies, it was equally
important that no material part of his manifold
offenses should be overlooked. A careful law-
yer who was desirous to convict a great public
malefactor, would count, of course, in his in-
dictment on every aspect of his crime. In
making up a case, however, against the Chief
Magistrate of a great nation, which is a case
not for our contemporaries only, but for his-
tory, it seemed to me essential, even though
the Representatives of the people might con-
vict upon a single head of accusation, that they
should give their whole case to the world for the
purpose of showing the incorrigible character
of the delinquent, and the true magnitude
and import of the crimes for which it had
become absolutely necessary to the peace and
welfare of the State that he should be re-
moved.
In the present aspect of the case, however,
it has become apparently an imperative neces-
sity. The trial stands indefinitely adjourned,
without an answer to the larger portion of the
charges we have preferred. Judging from the
vote already giver., it is not expected by any-
body that you will be-able to convict upon
them. Can you afford to stop there ? With
the enormous claims of power asserted on the
record, and involved, of course, in the defense,
which a verdict of acquittal must and does sub-
stantially affirm, are you prepared to accept
at the hands of the Senate a result which will
not only strip that body itself of its participa-
tion in the appointing power, but operate a
thorough revolution in the Government by
making the minister the master of the laws,
without even a last struggle for life, where your
means of humbling and deposing a great
usurper and criminal, and vindicating your
own rights and a violated Constitution, have
scarcely yet been drawn upon ? Will you be
content to sit down and reproach the Senate
for allowing hi in to escape unpunished, until
you have at least put its fitness as an impeach-
ment tribunal and its fidelity to the nation, to
the last crucial test, by compelling it to pass
upon a case which its members now publicly
declare themselves compelled to ignore, not
only because you have declined to present, but
because they mistakenly suppose you to have
disaffirmed, if not condoned it yourselves?
So long as the House has the power, as I
believe it has, to readjust the balances of the
Government by asserting its rightful authority
as a branch of the Legislature to make the law
and seo that it is obeyed in every particular,
by calling its ministers to a strict account for
every infraction of it, I, for one, will never con-
sent, as a member of it, after so long a strug-
gle with the Executive in the defense of its
own just powers, that it, shall retire from the
contest, discomfited and overwhelmed, in the
presence of a triumphant usurper, amid the
ruins of the Constitution, with—-
" Less than half its strength put forth,
And all its thunders i;i raid-volley checked."
I turn, then, with the permission of the House,
to the>artieles which have just been read, for the
purpose of ascertaining whether there is no
resource still left in this great extremity of the
State, to bring a. high offender to justice, and
to save it from the disaster with which it is
menaced in his absolute acquittal.
The first of these articles involves the charge
of the usurpation of the just powers of Con-
gress by the assertion of thetnore than kingly-
prerogative of erecting governments by proc-
lamation within the rebellious States, underthe
pretense that it was his right and duty, as the
incarnation of the sovereignty of the Union, to
execute the constitutional guarantee, upon con-
ditions of his own, and placing over them-in
the quality of provisional governors, which was
an office unknown tcreatures of his
own appointment, who were disqualified by law
for their participation in the rebellion from
holding any office whatever under the United
States. I will not insult the understanding of
the House by inquiring whether this was a
usurpation, or whether, under the light of sub-
sequent events, which showed its animus to be
to take advantage of the interregnum of Con-
gress, and oust its jurisdiction over the whole
question of the readmission of the rebel States,
it was not a crime of appalling magnitude.
That it was tolerated by the press and people,
so long as they were cheated by lying protesta-
tions into the belief that it was intended merely
to be provisional and experimental, andsubject
to their will, is not to be denied. It- did not
deceive me for a moment. I never misunder-
stood the reasons which had prevented the
assemblage of the Congress in that long inter-
regnum, and 1 came here at the beginning of
the next session, as a Representative, prepared
to sound the note of alarm to the people, and
to arraign the whole proceeding, as I did, at the
first opportunity, as a monstrous usurpation,
of the most dangerous example, involving a
revival of the most odious of the royal preroga-
tives, in its double aspect of making laws by
proclamation, and governing without a Parlia-
ment. Thefaetsiuvolvedinthischarge, except
so far as they concern the disability of the
appointees, are provable by the record.
The second of these articles charges the pay-
ment of salaries to sundry of these unlawful
Governors, at rates fixed by the President him-
self, out of the contingent fund of the War
Department in violation of the several statutes
of the United Srates, one prohibiting the pay-
ment of money to any person as salary in any
office not authorized by some preexisting law,
and the other requiring the previous adminis-
tration of a test-oath in all cases whatever,
as well as in farther violation of a public trust,
in the misuse of the funds appropriated by
law to the contingent expenses of one of the
Dcpnitments of the Government. It is scarcely
necessary to inquire whether this is a misde-
meanor, or a grave one. It may not be amiss,
however, to suggest that the reason assigned
by the Secretary of State for making this un-
lawful payment out of the funds of the War
Department,was that they had no money them-
selves, to carry out the Executive policy, in the
absence of Congress. The facts involved here
are also provable by the record.
The third of the charges is the authority
given to these officers to seize and appropriate
to thepayment of the expenses of these unlawful
governments the floating property, or as it was
denominated by the Secretary of the Treasury,
the debris of the rebel confederate and State
governments, which had become, of course., the
property of the United States, and to eke out
any deficiency by taxing the people for the
same purpose, in violation riot oaly of that
clause of the Constitution which gives to Con-
gress alone the power of disposing of thepub-
