1868,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
serve _our credit than any of the productions
of the*country, for the amount of it which we
sent abroad, and in lieu of which we should
have sent gold if we had not had the petroleum
to send, was sufficient to keep our Treasury in
credit.
But my principal reason for desiring to have
the tax taken off now is that all except the
production of the crude article is the work of
labor; it is the result of manual labor. Ke-
finers are manufacturers, and they ought to
have the same protection that all other classes
of manufacturers have. There is no reason
why you should take the tax off the manufac-
ture of cotton or wool or any other product
that will not apply with the same force to the
manufacturers of refined petroleum.
It is, besides, a most dangerous business.
The product is very liable to destruction from
its inflammable character and also from evap-
oration. It is almost as difficult to preserve
from destruction a manufactory of refined
petroleum as it is a manufactory of powder.
Iu the western part of Pennsylvania every-
body for the last two or three years who has
been engaged in the oil business has lost money.
I do not know of a single individual who has
made any profit. When the tax was laid at
twenty cents a gallon I think the oil was sell-
ing at from sixty to eighty cents a gallon, and
at that time the tax may have been fair enough,
but it is not so now, when the price has gone
down to thirty-eight cents.
But, aside from all these arguments, lam in
favor of reducing taxes for another reason.
If we reduce our taxes we shall reduce our ex-
penditures. Take taxes off the labor of the
country and the people will compel their rep-
resentatives here to be more economical. On
the other hand, have a large surplus in the
Treasury and it will be sure to be expended.
Legislators are thriftless of the money and
property belonging to the public generall}'.
They will not turn their attention to economy
in public affairs as men usually do in their
own, and, therefore, the more money you allow
them to have in the Treasury the more they
will spend.
There is no reason why we should not take
one hundred millions off the present annual
expenditures of the Government; and I believe
that if we reduce our ta^es the effcct will bo
beneficial in that direction. Do that, and let
us have no money in the Treasury for members
of Congress to appropriate and officers of the
Government to expend. I would rather have
the Treasury at the end of this year without
money enough to pay its current expanses
than to have a surplus of a single million. _ I
am opposed to the whole system of keeping
the public money hidden in the Treasury or
putting it into banks for the benefit of bankers
to make money out of its use. All this and
a hundred other things may be said of the im-
proper use of the public money resulting from
levying large taxes. Large taxes produce ex-
penditures, produce waste and extravagance
in the expenditures of the Government. It is
so with thriftless individuals. Give men large
sums oi money and they rarely know how to
use them. When they get money easily they
fool it away very easily. I think the true
policy lies in reducing our taxes, and then we
shall have less money to spend. I would,
therefore, for the present, take this bill, but 1
would add to it the amendment of the Senator
from West Virginia, and I would be willing to
put on one or two other amendments.^
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I was in hopes
that the chairman of the Committee on Finance
would respond to the arguments that have been
adduced in favor of the reduction of this tax ;
but as he does not rise I will say that, in my
judgment, there is no single thing in the whole
catalogue of articles which may be taxed that
can so well sustain the burden of taxation as
refined petroleum. I know that there will be
complaint in relation to this tax, adjust it how
we may, until it is repealed. We formerly
levied it not only on the refined article but on
the crude. Then the parties interested pro-
fessed to be entirely satisfied with any amount
of tax we might levy, provided we would levy
it on the refined article and repeal the tax upon
the crude article. In 18GG, therefore, we re-
pealed the tax upon the crude article, surren-
dered a tax which yielded over two million
dollars, and retained the taxation only on the
refined. In 1806 we obtained over five million
dollars on the refined article, and last year we
obtained nearly five million dollars.
But, Mr. President, it is complained that we
levy a high tax upon this article when the
price is very low. That is the strongest reason
iu the world why we should retain a high tax
upon it; for even at the highest price it has
ever reached, a dollar or a dollar and a quarter a
gallon, it is a cheaper article for illuminating
purposes than any other existing in the world.
I took occasion to have the Smithsonian Insti-
tution examine, and by a careful test ascertain,
the amount of illuminating power there was
in petroleum several years ago; and it was
ascertained that there was no article, oil, gas,
spermaceti, or anything else, that could begin
to compete with it for illuminating purposes.
It will be observed that the tax is still retained
on gas ; and as long as we retain it on any illu-
minating article we should retain it on refined
petroleum. I would have completed the sym-
metry of the bill, if 1 could have had my way,
by still continuing the tax on sperm candles,
paraffine, and stearine. I think they ought to
come in ; but the amount manufactured in the
country since the introduction of petroleum is
so small that perhaps they may be as well
omitted. But this is an article upon which we
gain a very large amount of revenue; it can
sustain a tax better than anything else, and we
cannot afford to surrender it.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the practi-
cal question, it seems to me, is whether the
article can bear this tax. My friend from Ver-
mont thinks that it can ; he seems to think that
question is beyond doubt. Now, from the in-
formation that I have received, I am led to
doubt it. I do not know whether the attention
of the Senator has been called to what may be
pictured as the vicissitudes of petroleum. We
all know that when it first appeared it flowed
in streams most profusely; but those who
have given attention to the subject know that
now those streams are failing and that but very
little, comparatively, is produced, and^ that
little costs much more to produce than it did
before, and the profits are naturally much less.
Under these ciroumstances the question arises
whether this article can now bear the tax that
was imposed upon it when it was produced in
such large quantities.
There is also another circumstance, I be-
lieve, to which my attention has been called.
At first the article was very largely exported.
It was not found in other countries, nor was
there any substitute for it; but I understand
that latterly in England shales have been man-
ufactured into an oil which is a substitute for
petroleum, so that this article is no longer ex-
ported largely to England. There, again, is a
source of profit cut off. I understand that
there are also on the continent of Europe some
other changes which hare essentially modified
the demand for petroleum.
Under these circumstances I come back to
the original question, which was proposed by
my friend, whether the time has not arrived
for a modification of this tax. I am not stren-
uous on the point. I listened to the Senator
from West Virginia, and I must say I was im-
pressed by what he said. I had not anticipated
his motion; I did not expect this question to
be brought up on this bill; but now that it is
brought up, it does seem to me that we must
vote upon it, in the spirit of the bill under dis-
cussion, and also with reference to the actual
condition of the petroleum business. Unless
I am very much mistaken, that business is
suffering very much from our taxation.^ It
may be said that all business is suffering from
our taxation. More or less, this is true; but
the object of the present bill, as I understand
it, is to apply a remedy where we are awa.ro
that business is suffering, so far as that rem-
edy can be applied consistent with the revenue
of the country ; and that brings me to a gen-
eral observation with regard to the character
of the present measure. For one, I welcome
it. I always did regret infinitely—I expressed
that regret at the time—that our system of
taxation was so multifarious, that it was ap-
plicable to so many subjects.
The reply, however, then was that we were
beginners ; that we could not, as in the older
countries, at once select a few subjects for
taxation; but that, with experience, we should
be enabled to make such a selection. Time
has passed, and we now have something of that
experience; and I humbly suggest that the
sooner we act on that experience, and also on
the experience of the great taxed countries of
the world, we shall be the better off. Now,
according to that experience, whether at home
or abroad, I believe 1 may say there is one rule,
and it is this: that taxation should be simpli-
fied as much as possible, and should be made
applicable to as few subjects as possible. We
know to how few subjects the great taxation
of England is applicable ; very few, indeed.
The taxation of France embraces, I know, a
larger number. That cf England, perhaps,
would be a better model for us, and we could
more easily imitate it.
There are unquestionably certain subjects in
our country within the sphere of taxation, and
which may be made to produce a very large
revenue. Senators to-day have referred to
one of them, the whisky tax. I have always
been in favor of having that tax as large as
possible, and when established I have always
been in favor of its enforcement. Of course,
the reply has been constantly, "You cannot
enforce solargeatax." I am not sureof that.
Such taxes are enforced in other countries.
Why can they not be enforced in ours? We
need honesty in the agents; but, better still, we
need honesty in those who control the agents.
With a thoroughly honest Administration dis-
posed to enforce that tax, I believe it can be
enforced, and if enforced it will yield a very
large revenue.
There, sir, is one source of supply; I
might enumerate others of a kindred character.
I will not, however, detain the Senate by any
further discussion on that head. I go back to
the point from which I started, that now that
the question is before us of the tax on petro-
leum I am willing to meet it, as I meet the
other changes proposed, and follow the Senator
from West Virginia.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire, before saying a
few words of reply to the argument in regard
to petroleum, to correct a statement I made in
response to a suggestion of the Senator from
Maine. I stated that in the taxes repealed,
included in the statement I furnished showing
that the present bill would decrease taxes to
the amount of $40,000,000, cotton was in-
eluded. In that I was mistaken. I desire to
make the correction now so that nobody shall
be misled.
Iu regard to the tax on refined petroleum, I
will say that it now yields !p4,827,911. Many
of the gentlemen interested in this matter are
from my own State, and I should, as a matter
of course, like very much to oblige them, if I
could. They applied to our committee to re-
peal this tax; but the House of Representa-
tives had retained it, and we were indisposed
to f;o any further toward the repeal of taxes
than the House had gone, because we felt they
had gone just as far as we dare go at, this
time in the repeal of taxes, and that-, there-
fore, it was not wise to add to what they had
done in this direction, unless there was some
strong reason for it. Hence we resisted the
application made by various refiners to repeal
the tax bearing on them.
The article of petroleum can bear this tax as
well as any other that is unrepealed, and the
reason is obvious. It is a product of nature,
which in its crude state is not now worth very
much. The chief value of it is derived from
the process of refining. When we dealt with
