1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
court op claims—arkansas.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by .unanimous con-
sent, reported back from the Committee on
the judiciary, with a substitute, a joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 310) to extend the provisions
of the act of July 4, 1804, limiting the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims to the loyal
citizens of the State of Arkansas.
The substitute, which was read, provides
that the provisions of the act of July 4, 1864,
entitled "An act to restrict the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims," is hereby extended to
loyal citizens of the State of Arkansas, any-
thing to the contrary notwithstanding in the
act to declare the sense of an act entitled "An
act to restrict the jurisdiction of the Court; of
Claims, and to provide for the payment of
certain demands for quartermaster's stores
and subsistence supplies furnished to the Army
of the United States," passed February 19,
1867.
The substitute was agreed to; and the joint
resolution, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vofe by which the joint resolution
was passed ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bridge over missouri river.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask unanimous
consent to have taken from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 355, authorizing the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Missouri river upon
the military reservation at Fort Leavenworth,
Kansas.
No objection was made; and the bill was
taken from the table and read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I yield to the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Loan] to offer
an amendment.
Mr. LOAN. I move to amend the bill by
adding to it the following:
Sec. —. And he it further enneted, That it shall be
lawful for the Sr. Joseph and Denver City Railroad
Company, a corporation created by the laws of the
State ot_Kansas,to build a bridge over and across the
Missouri river at St. Jos-ph, Missouri: and all the
rights and privileges conferred by sections one, two,
four, and five, of this act are hereby extended, so far
as they are applicable to the St. Joseph and Denver
City Itailroad Company,and the restrictions, limita-
tions, and conditions contained in said sections are
hereby made applicable to said company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and aiso moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
hawaiian brio victoria.
Mr. AXTELL, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Commerce a
joint resolution (H. 11. No. 331) to authorize
the issue of an American register to the Ha-
waiian brig Victoria; which was read a first
and secoud time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was re«.d, directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Amer-
ican register to the derelict Hawaiian brig
Victoria, said vessel being now owned by n
citizen of San Francisco, California.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. LYNCH. I hope some reason will be
given why this joint resolution should be passed.
Mr. AXTELL. This is a Hawaiian brig
which was wrecked in our waters and aban-
doned; but it does not come under the provis-
ions of any general law by which an American
owner of the vessel can obtain an American
register. The Committee on Commerce had
before them a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury explaining all the facts, and after
examination the committee agreed unanimously
that I should be allowed to report this joint
resolution to the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I will not oppose the
passageof this joint resolution. What I object
to is the Committee on Commerce singling out
one or two cases where any of their own num-
ber are interested and excluding others. Some
of us have introduced applications for registers
of vessels as favorable as this can possibly be,
and we hear nothing from them. 1 have noth-
ing further to say except that I shall vote for
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if there should be a morning hour to-day the
Committee on Commerce will be called for
bills of a private nature.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask the gentleman from
California [Mr. Axtell] to yield to me for a
moment that I may say a word in reply to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]
Mr. AXTELL. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. ELIOT. I wish to say to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] that if he will at
any time bring before the Committee on Com-
merce a case similar in principle to that now
reported by the gentleman from California it
will probably receive the same favorable con-
sideration that this has received. I will say
that the cases which have been submitted to
the committee by the gentleman from Ohio are
not cases deserving the favorable consideration
of the committee ; and so long as such cases
come before us, and so long as the Committee
on Commerce shall be constituted as it now is,
the gentleman from Ohio must expect that
adverse reports will be made. The case now
reported is one which would fairly come within
the provisions of the act of 1852, if the vessel
had been wrecked on our coast. In point of
fact, much more than the amount called for by
that statute has been expended upon the vessel,
which was an abandoned vessel, not a wreck.
In other respects, the case would fairly come
within the purview of that statute.
Mr. SPALDING. In reply to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] I will say
that I cannot tell whether the eases which have
been referred by me to the Committee on Com-
merce deserve the favorable consideration of
that committee ; but I do say that they deserve
the favorable consideration of all men of patriot-
ism and good sense.
Mr. ELIOT. In the judgment of my most
excellent and excitable friend from Ohio.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. AXTELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sinking fund.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolutions; which were
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways andMeans
are hereby instructed to report for the action of the
House a bill to carry into immediate effect the fifth
section of the aetof 1862, February 25, providing that
the coin received for duties on imports shall, after
paying interest on bonds and notes, be applied to the
purchase or payment of one per cent, of the entire
debt of the United States within each fiscal year, to
be set apart, with the accruing interest, as a sinking
fund.
2. That the said committee are also instructed to
provide in said bill for the establishment of a board
of commissioners of the sinking fund, to be composed
of the Secretary of the Treasury, the Vice President
of the United States,and theSpeakerofthellouseof
Representatives, whose duty it shall be, without addi-
tional compensation, to make from time to time such
lawful rules and regulations as may be necessary for
the management oi said sinking fund.
3. That said committee are further instructed to
provide in said bill that all money which may accrue
from taxes that-may be imposed upon the bonds or
coupons of the public debt shall be, from time to
time, appropriated to the increment of the sinking
fund, and that all special funds held under the sev-
eral Departments of thoGovernme« t and not covered
into the lreasury of the United States, be forthwith
transferred and charged to the commissioner of the
sinking fund, for the purposes thereof.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gobham,
its Secretary, aunounced that that body insisted
upon its amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 344)
to incorporate the Washington Target-Shooting
Association in the District of Columbia, dis-
agreed to by the House, asked a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, aud had appointed Messrs. Harlan.
Conkling, and Vickebs conferees on the part
of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the amendment of tho
House to the joint resolution (S. No. 107) in
relation to the MaquoUeta river in the State
of Iowa.
Also, that the Senate had passed without
amendment the bill (H. R. No. 1099) for the
relief of Wait Talcott.
Also, that the Senate had passed a joint reso-
lution and a bill of the following titles, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
Joint resolution (S. No. 139) excluding from
the Electoral College States lately in rebellion
which shall not have been reorganized; and
A bill (S. No. 689) to establish certain post
roads.
washington target association.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the House will reciprocate the request of the
Senate for a committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 344) to
incorporate the Washington Target-Shooting
Association in the District of Columbia.
No objection being made, it was so ordered :
and Messrs. Baldwin, Wei.ker, and Gloss-
brenner were appointed conferees on the part
of the House.
electoral college.
On motion of Mr. FARNSWORTH, by
unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 139) ex-
cluding from the Electoral College States lately
in rebellion which shall not have been reorgan-
ized was taken from the Speaker's table, and
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
military peace establishment.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of the business unfinished at
the adjournment last evening, being the bill
(II. R. No. 1377) to reduce and fix the military
peace establishment.
The pending section was the following:
Sec. 5. And he it further enacted. That no vacancy
shall hereafter be filled in theofficeof brigadiergen-
erai until the number of brigadier generals shall bo
less than eight, and thereafter there shall be but
eight brigadier generals.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Paine (renewed by Mr.
Logan) to the amendment of Mr. Butler, of
Massachusetts.
The amendment of Mr. Bctler, of Massa-
chusetts, was to strike out all after the enacting
clause and insert the following :
There shall be but six brigadier generals; and the
officers who shall retain their commissions as such
shall be designated by the General of the Army with-
out regard to seniority; and all others shall he mus-
tered out of service on the 1st day of January next.
The amendment of Mr. Paine was to sub-
stitute for the amendment of Mr. Botler, of
Massachusetts, the following:
There shall be but six hrigadier generals after the
3Ut day of March. 1869; and the officers who shall
retain their commissions as such shall, after the 10th
day of March. 1899, be designated by the President of
theUnited States without regard to seniority.and ail
others shall be mustered out of service on the 31st
day of March, 1869.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to submit a modifica-
tion of my amendment. I have only changed
the phraseology and not the substance.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause* ami .insert
the following:
After the 31st day of March. 1869, there shall ba
only six brigadier,generals; and the President shall,
