1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment—Mr. Williams.
Ho. op rers.
lie property, but of that other, and perhaps
still more important provision, which vests in
the same body only the sovereign power of tax-
ation. It will not be doubted, I suppose, that
both these were high-handed usurpations of
power which belonged to Congress exclusively.
They stand on record evidence like the others.
That the authority conferred was actually exer-
cised is a fact confessed by some of these Gov-
ernors themselves.
The fourth article is upon the surrender to
his provisional government in South Carolina,
on account of the expenses of its maintenance,
of the State works at Greenville, erected by
the confederate government for the manufac-
ture of arms on lands donated for that purpose,
and valued by appraisement at nearly thirty-
four thousand dollars. The case is only dis-
tinguishable from the general authority to
seize the floating timbers of the wreck of the
rebel governments, in the fact that it concerns
the realty. It stands also upon record evidence.
The fifth article has relation to the order of
the President to the Secretary of the Interior,
to issue to his government of North Carolina
a large amount of land scrip, under the pre-
tended authority of a law passed during the
rebellion, and authorizing the distribution
thereof among the States for agricultural pur-
poses. And this was done, as stated, in pur-
suance of his settled policy to permit each of
the rebel States to receive and enjoy all the
rights and privileges of any other State in the
Union, on the ground that they had been fully
restored, and in defiance, of course, of the
known will of Congress in the premises.
Whether the act of the President in this par-
ticular was unwarranted and illegal it is unne-
cessary to inquire, for the reason that it has
been so already solemnly declared in a law of
the present Congress expressly prohibiting any
further action ot that sort, which was approved
by the President himself. The charge itself is
provable by the record, and the testimony of
Mr. Harlan, the then Secretary of the Interior.
The next and sixth point is the surrender,
without equivalent, to the stockholders ot rail-
roads within the rebel States which were
largely employed in carrying on the war against
us, of the roads so captured, and on which some
forty millions of dollars had been expended
by this Government,with all the rolling-stock,
of -unknown value, belonging thereto, and at
least one road, the Piedmont, constructed by
the rebel government, and one other, the
Nashville and -Northwestern, partly built by the
United States itself. To estimate the value
of all this immense property would be utterly
impossible. That it had become, under the
law, by reason of its uses and its capture, the
property of the United States, is a proposition
that cannot be successfully controverted. As
such, of course it was, under the Constitu-
tion, subject to the disposal of Congress alone.
That jt could have been made to pay a large
part of the debt of the war which its proprie-
tors forced upon this Government, is unques-
tionable. The facts connected with this mon-
strous usurpation are provable almost exclu-
sively by the record.
The seventh article of charge refers to the
pretended sale of the railroad stock and ma-
chinery belonging to the Government in its own
right, to the disloyal stockholders of southern
railroad companies, upon the order of the Pres-
ident, at a private valuation, upon long terms
of credit, and without any security whatever,
explained and aggravated as it was by the
postponement, after repeated willful defaults,
on the part of the purchasers, of the debt due
to the Government, which has never yet been
paid, for the express purpose of enabling them
to satisfy the claims of other creditors, along
with arrears of interest on bonds of which
the President was himself a large holder at the
time. That there was no more power on the
part of the President, under the Constitution,
to sell this property even at public sale without
! the authority of Congress than there was to
' give away any other portion of the property
of the United States, is a point that has been
already settled by judicial decision. That the
colorable sale made here, as well as the gratui-
tous surrender to the rebel stockholders of all
these roads themselves, along with their rolling-
stock and equipments, was prompted not only
by the desire to strengthen their hands, but to
secure the payment of a large and otherwise
desperate debt which was owing to himself,
is very satisfactorily shown, I think, by his whole
conduct in connection therewith. All of the
facts involved are provable by the record, with
the exception only of the pecuniary interest
of the President himself, which is, however,
not less provable by other and ineontestible
evidence.
The eighth article has relation to the surren-
der to the original rebel proprietors by special
order, and under the claim that his pardon-
ing power extended thereto, of an enormous
a,mount of real estate, which had been duly
libeled and condemned by judgment of the
courts, under the authority of an act of Con-
gress which expressly vested them in the Gov-
ernment of the United States, the President
himself insisting, without legal advice and
without warrant or color of law, that the pro-
ceedings were incomplete, and that the title
did not pass without a sale. The value of the
property surrendered under this order it is
impossible to conjecture. It is sufficient, how-
ever, to remark that beside a considerable
amount in New Oilcans, it embraced about
one hundred and twelve plantations or parcels
of land in the State of Virginia alone. That
it involved another flagrant violation of the
Constitution on his part is not to be denied.
As matter of fact it stands entirely upon the
public records.
The ninth article refers to the surrender by
the President of captured and abandoned cot-
ton and other property, that had been seized
under the law by the agents of the Treasury,
and more particularly to the repayment by him
to favored rebel claimants, to the amount of
millions of dollars, of the proceeds of actual
sales thereof, at his own discretion, and in utter
contempt of the act of Congress requiring the
same to be paid into the Treasury, and refer-
ring the owners for remedy, if aggrieved, to
the courts alone. The fact in this case is
that the moneys arising from these sources,
amounting to some eighteen or twenty millions
were endeavored to be kept out of the Treas-
ury by the device of depositing them in the
hands of the Treasurer as a sort of special trust
fund, in order that they might be drawn upon
without warrant of law. Whether the law
would not -regard them as being where they
ought to have been, in the hands of that officer
in virtue of his title, as Treasurer, to their cus-
tody, and whether the repayment did not there-
fore involve a violation of the Constitution
itself, it is unnecessary to inquire. It is suffi-
cient that the act of Congress was disregarded
and defied, as the books of the Treasury and
the testimony of Mr. bkmner and the Secre-
tary himself will show.
The tenth article refers to the abuse of the
pardoning power, by its exercise on system,
and to the great damage oi the country, in re-
leasing the most active and formidable of the
leaders of the rebellion, and restoring to them
their propeity and means of influence, lor the
purpose of securing their cooperation in his
plan of reconstruction by executive authority,
as well as in-substantially delegating that power
to one or more of his provisional governors,
by pledging himself in advance to pardon such
persons as might be elected to his conventions,
or might be recommended by them. That
these things were done on system and for the
purpose indicated is provable by the record.
Whether the abuse of an admitted power for
an illegal object amouats to misconduct in
oflice, and is indictable as such, is not now an
open question. That it is a proper subject of
impeachment follows as a corollary from this
proposition. It was not doubted by Sir. Madi-
son, and cannot be reasonably doubted by any-
body. If the law was not so, the grossest and
most ruinous acts of maladministration would
be without remedy., I do not care, therefore,
to waste words upon it.
The eleventh, article has relation to the re-
fusal to enforce the laws enacted for the sup-
pression of the rebellion, and the punishment
of those who gave it aid aud comfort, by direct-
ing proceedings against them and their property,
and the obstruction of the course of public jus-
tice by prohibiting the institution of legal pro-
ceedings for that purpose, by staying the'm
indefinitely, or ordering absolutely the discon-
tinuance thereof, and particularly to the case
of Clement C. Clay, a State prisoner on parole,
whose arrest was forbidden on proceedings
instituted against him in the State of Alabama
for treason and conspiracy, and whose property,
when seized for confiscation under the law of
Congress, at the instance of the proper district
attorney, was ordered to be restored. It is not
disputed, of course, that the President may
under the Constitution exercise the pardoning
power at his discretion, provided he does it
honestly. Mr. Clay stood charged in his own
proclamation not only with treason, but with
complicity in the murder of Mr. Lincoln, and
with organizing bands of robbers, pirates, and
murderers in Cauada, to burn our cities and
ravage our coast. He did not choose to take
the responsibility of pardoning him, although
he suffered him to go at large on his parole,
but he did undertake to interfere with the pro-
cess of the law, by forbidding his arrest and
ordering the restoration of his property, and
ultimately removing the attorney whose super-
serviceable zeal in behalf of the interests of
the nation had rendered him obnoxious to its
enemies. That this was a crime against public
justice, and a great one, seems to be too clear ■
for controversy. The facts here, too, are
provable by the record.
The twelfth article has relation to the failure
to prosecute the leader of the rebellion himself,
and his surrender after arrest under a procla-
mation, charging him, amongother things, with
complicity in the murder of Abraham Lincoln,
aud offering a reward of $100,000 for his cap-
ture, although that complicity had been found
by a military commission organized at Wash-
ington for the trial of the conspirators, and
although an indictment for treason was known
to be depending against him in the District of
Columbia, to the civil authorities in Virginia,
to answer an indictment for high treason
found against him there, upon a writ of habeas
corpus contrived and concocted for that pur
pose, without making any return of the fact
that he was held to answer for other crimes ;
and further, allowing him to go at large with-
out any discharge, by due piocess of law, fro in
the other crimes for which he was so held,
without any claim to hold or detain him to
answer therefor. The proof of these facts is
clear upon the records. That the President did
not intend that the leader of the rebellion
should suffer for his crimes is apparent from
the whole history of his detention. As in the
case of Clay, he could not pardon him, of
course, without a public outcry from one end of
the land to the other. He was not willing to
subject either of them to the risks of a trial by
military commission, like that of the other
conspirators, for the violation of the lawsof war.
He preferred the mockery, as it has proved
to be, of an arraignment for high treason
only, in a district where secession was not so
regarded, and before a jury who had been, per-
haps, accomplices in his guilt j and he contrived
this process for the purpose of relieving himself
from the burden of his own responsibility, and
discharging the delinquent from^ the other
charges on which he was held. The case is
one of the like character with that of Clay,
