536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
man will produce when the prospect is that he
will not only throw away his labor hut throw |
away nil the capital he invests. That, will be !
the result. It is not the rich men who will
sutler, it is the poor laboring men of the coun-
try, tor the rich meu who stand in Wall street
watching the mercury in the financial barom-
eter can tell by the rise and tall of that mer-
cury just when there is to be a crisis, and they
will invest their money in real estate or run in
debt, so that when the greenbacks are issued !
they will have their money in secure forms; ,
while the poor man, or the man who by his ;
labor and economy has laid by $10,000 will
find first his $10,000 to be $5,000, then §2,000,
and so on down to zero, and the little which
he had laid by for the education of his chil-
dren, the little which he had laid by to make
the condition of his son better than his own, ;
will have gone by the act of that very Gov-
ernment whose duty it is to protect him in
all his rights, and for the salvation of which
very likely he laid down a son on one of our
battle-fields or hazarded his own life's blood.
That will be the result of this policy ; and
yet, sir, I think there would be no danger
whatever in stopping this contraction at the
point where it is. And why? Simply for the
reason that we need a larger circulation to day
than we did in 18t50. In 1850 the real and
personal estate of the country was about seven
billion dollars. In I860 that had advanced to
about sixteen billions. Now, without the war, I
we ought to be worth to-day or in 1870 from
thirty-two to thirty-five billion dollars. In
1800 we had a currency in paper and in gold
of near five hundred million dollars. To-day,
setting aside the compound-interest notes and
the small currency, because the compound notes
are being redeemed rapidly, and the small cur-
rency is balanced by the cash balance in the
Treasury, we have about six hundred and fifty
millions of circulation. Now, in looking at the
increase of property and the increase of popu-
lation, we have not so large a currency to-day
as we had in 1860. Then it was a little over
fifteen dollars-per capita; to-day it is only about
twelve dollars per capita ; in England the cir-
culation is twenty-two and a half dollars ; in j
France it is twenty-six dollars per capita. You
must remember that in this country, on account
of the extended area, we need a much larger
circulation than they do in the little insular
empire of England.
Besides, on account of the.reorganization of
industry at the South we need a larger circula-
tion than they do in those small countries. We
need it for another reason, because our labor-
ers receive higher wages than they do in the
mines and factories of England and Wales and
Scotland. Hence, ifEngland must have twenty-
two dollars per capita we ought to have thirty
dollars per capita, in order to be accommodated
in opr industries and business affairs as the
English • people are. In my judgment, then,
we shall not suffer if we ceas$ this work of
contraction. But, sir, what we need moue
than all else is rest, is repose, is confidence in
the business of the community between man
and man. That is vastly more important, I
think, than any question of expansion or con-
traction.
No man will go to a factory or a store and par-
chase goods when the salesman is changing the
value of his weights and measures from day to
day; and itls just as certain that no man will do
business if you are changing the value of your
currency every twenty-four hours. Suppose
that I were to buy a pound of tea to-day and
pay a dollar for it, ana to-morrow I were to go
to the same store to purchase a pound of tea
and I should get half the weight for the dollar,
although it was nominally a pound, on account
of the change of the weights. I should soon
ascertain that fact, and I would not purchase
tea there; 1 would go without tea first. It is
just so precisely in relation to the currency.
If to-day the dollar is worth a dollar or is at
par, and to-morrow it is at seventy cents and
the next day fifty cents, all the business of the
country perishes, and we lose more absolutely
by the want of employing the industrial forces
of the country than we could in any other pos-
sible way.
Now, "sir, I differ altogether from my friend
from Massachusetts on a point on which he has
seen fit to speak here two or three times. He
has repeated the remark to-day that we were
crowing richer constantly during the war.
What does he mean? If he means that we
were absolutely making money, that is one
thing. If he means that we were making more
money during the war than we should if it had
been constant peace, I differ with him alto-
gether. Let us look at it. Over a million of
men—it has been stated to-day by the chairman
of the Committee on Finance at a million, but
it was probably a million and a half of men—
at the North alone were taken from the industry
of the country. What is the source of wealth,
I wish to know of the gentleman? Is it not
industry, productive capital, and the fertility
of the soil? These are the only sources from
whence wealth comes. You cannot create it
by a fiat of your will. You cannot say let
there be wealth and there is wealth. It must
come by industry. When you were removing
a million and a half productive laborers of the
country, not the old men, not the children, but
the bone and muscle of the country from the
channels of industry, is it likely that our wealth
was increasing as rapidly as otherwise? But,
then, markyou. We must take the South into
account also. They had nearly an equal num-
ber of men withdrawn from the channels of
industry. With three million of men with-
drawn from industry were we getting rich very
fast? We were not getting rich at all, unless
the increase of population by birth and immi-
gration kept pace with this withdrawal of men
from industrial pursuits who went into the
Army.
It is true that A, B, or G, who was poor
before the war, when the war closed was rich
nominally. AVhy? That wealth is represented
by the indebtedness of the Government to-day.
I might borrow a thousand dollars of my
neighbor, not having a dollar in my pocket, and
give him a note for it. Because he has my
note for a thousand dollars and I have his
thousand dollars in my pocket, I want to know
if there are two thousand dollars in existence?
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him for a moment ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Certainiy.
Mr. WILSON. My position was that the
rebel States had lost nearly all their property ;
that little was left to them but land, and that
had depreciated in value until it was not worth
more than one fourth what it was at the com-
mencement of the war; but that in the loyal
States, in spite of the war, we had increased
in wealth. I have no hesitation now in saying
that the loyal States of this Union have added
$3,000,000,000 to their taxable property dur-
ing the last seven years—a sum sufficient to
pay the national debt.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
The answer to that is patent. Take any point
during the war—I will say 1861; the Govern-
ment was receiving, all told, about seventy
millions of yearly income, and we were spend-
ing, some of the time, $1,000,000 a day. How
Was the Government to get money to carry on
the war ? That was the question that perplexed
and puzzled the Government. They simply
drew on the future. By these Government
notes and bonds they drew on the future
productiveness of the capital, industry, and
soil of the country. This debt is a draft on
the future, not on the present. The present
paid its part in the current expenses and in the
blood of our children who fell in the battles of
the war, and it rests on the future very properly
to pay this bill.
Mr. President, I do not wish to cover every-
thing in this debate; I have only referred to
this matter because the Senator from Massa-
chusetts spoke of it. I think the increased
wealth he speaks of is represented by the pub-
lic debt of the country. We have not been in-
creasing in wealth, as he would seem to indi-
cate. The industry of the South is all broken
up. I am glad that the slave system there is
broken up ; but nevertheless it must have its
effect on the productiveness of the country, and
the consequent increase of wealth in the country.
The gentleman I suppose will admit that. And
more than that,, the three millions of men who
were thrown into the Ariny were not, only not
producers but they were turned to the unhal-
lowed work of destruction, destroying what
they and their fathers had produced in a cen-
tury of hard labor, in a century of economy.
That is what we were doing; and what is the
use of deceiving ourselves in these matters?
The war was a war of waste. It broke up the
great industries of the country, and w have
got to meet it as best we can, with patriotism,
with patient endurance ; and I have very little
respect for the politician of either party who
comes forward in a political canvass and tries
to make political capital out of things of this
character. The fact is these matters arise
necessarily, and it is the duty of the men of
all parties in the country to do what they can
to sustain the Government, to sustain the in-
dustry of the country, to pay these debts hon-
orably, to maintain the faith and integrity of
the country, because our future welfare and
prosperity and power depend upon our stand-
ing stoutly for right and for justice in these
matters.
There is no other way out of these difficul-
ties but to go forward patiently; and if as
a party the Republicans are defeated, so let
it be ; but we will go down with our colors
flying in the pursuit of an honorable course, in
the pursuit of justice, and not by any miserable
truckling or sneaking from the discharge of
honorable debts incurred for a great and hal-
lowed purpose.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I thank
the Senator for a great many of his remarks.
I think they are in the right direction. I
should like to submit to him one question, how-
ever, before he takes his seat. He says that
an increase of the currency is always oppres-
sive to the laboring man. Now, gold is the cur-
rency of the world. We have stamped it and
said that it is worth so much. There was a
certain quantity of it in 1849. Since then gold
mines have been discovered in California,
Australia, Nevada, New Mexico, and Arizona,
and we have mined and put in circulation about
three thousand four hundred million dollars in
gold. I should like to submit to my friend
from New Hampshire whether he does not
believe that in consequence of that increase of
the circulating medium prices have increased
all over the world ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There must be a mis-
take in the figures.
Mr. HENDERSON. I submit to the Sen-
ator that we have added $3,400,000,000 to the
gold circulation of the world since 1849.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I doubt the Senator's
figures.
Mr. SHERMAN, (to Mr. Henderson'.) You
mean $300,000,000.
Mr. HENDERSON. I mean to say that for
the last seventeen years we have added every
year $200,000,000 to the circulating medium
of the world.
Mr. WILSON. You do not mean the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not mean the
United States. Iam talking about the gold
stamped as currency in the world, and I mean to
say it is more than that. I put it clearly within
limits. I ask the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, has not that increased largely the price
of everything? Now, I ask the Senator if
laborers are not in a better condition to-day
throughout the world than they were. Are
they not in a better condition by the fact of the
discovery of gold in Californiaand other places
and the coining of that amount of circulating
medium?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. In
some countries they are and in others not.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I rec-
