1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1921.,
Hampshire, Patterson ofTennessee, Sprague, Thayer,
and Wilson—12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont I move to
amend the bill by adding at the end of the
second section the following clause:
And nothing herein contained shall be oonstruod
as a repeal of any tax upon machinery or other arti-
cles which have been or may be delivered on con-
tracts made with, the United States prior to the pas-
Sage of this act.
This is in conformity with our legislation
last year, when we repealed the tax upon the
transportation of passengers and freight on
railroads. We then specially provided that
those companies or persons having contracts
with the United States for the carrying of the
mails should be subject to that amount of de-
duction. This is to apply to many contracts
that are now existing which have not yet been
liquidated. Parties have manufactured ma-
chinery and other articles to a very large
amount, and if taxes be taken off them it will
benefit private parties in some instances to the
extent of $50,000. The whole amount of con-
tracts to which this would apply is from five to
seven million dollars. I take it there is no
objection to the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. This amendment was con-
sidered in committee and rejected. I ask that
it be read.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. This language is covert,
but it is intended to meet a certain class of
cases. Contractors have furnished the United
States, especially in the Navy, with large ma-
chinery ; and, as a matter of course, they have
built this machinery and delivered it upon the
basis of existing laws. The purpose of this
amendment is to deduct from the contract price
of that machinery five per cent., the amount
of the tax now to be taken off. In the first
place it is unjust. If the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont applied only to Mr.
Jsherwood and some other men who have made
these extensive contracts I might be willing to
yield to it; but they have made contracts with
others on the basis of the existing laws, and the
persons with whom the contracts were made
have purchased supplies and materials, and
have gone on and constructed engines and sup-
plied us with materials on the basis of the
existing laws. They have consequently paid
the tax which enters into and forms an element
of the cost of those articles. Now, to deduct
five per cent, from the amount of their con-
tracts, because the articles have in the course
of their manufacture paid a taxoffiveper cent,
to the Government, would be unjust.
It is i npossible to regulate all such matters
by law. In the case put by the Senator from
Vermont it is perfectly right that the provi-
sion to which he refers should be made. The
railroad company was. bound to pay five per
cent, tax on its gross receipts, and when the
tax was subsequently repealed it was proper
enough to require them to continue to pay the
five per cent, to the time the tax was actually
repealed, or to deductfive per cent, on all de-
liveries by them after that time where the con-
tract had been previously made at an agreed
price. For instance, if a railroad company
agreed to do certain transportation for the United
States at the rate of a dollar a ton for a certain
number of miles, and after the contract took
effect the United States relieved them from the
tax of five per cent, on their gross proceeds,
■which entered, as a matter of course, into the
contract price, it would be proper enough for
them to throw five per cent, of their contract
price off that transportation. But you cannot
carry that principle into a matter like an engine,
which is made by a great variety of persons.
The builder himself pays the five per cent, in
the cost of the materials and labor which enter
into the article constructed.
I am satisfied, from the little reflection we had
time to give this matter, that the provision
might work injustice. Let contractors who con-
tract to furnish property and supplies to the
Government stand by their contracts. If they
mako-by th« benefit of our laws well and good.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 121.
If, on the other hand, we levy additional taxes
on them, they must suffer. I do not think we
ought to discriminate in cases of this kind. I
think the attempt to do so would be an impossi-
bility and it might work injustice.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am rather
surprised at the information I derive from the
chairman of the Committee on Finance that
this matter was considered in committee. I
was there all the morning, except, perhaps,
five or ten minutes, and it was not considered
while I was there.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was proposed there.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It was men-
tioned and talked of, but it never received any
vote or consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know there was no vote
taken, because it was not pressed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Because it
was accidentally overlooked. I did not hear
any objection to it in committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I supposed it was because
it was not pressed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the
chairman of the Committee on Finance is en-
tirely mistaken in relation to the operation of
the amendment proposed by me. It is cer-
tainly not to tax anything that is not already
taxed, but it merely provides against a repeal
of any tax to which these parties may be sub-
ject. Is not that right? If these parties have
made contracts with the Government and are
liable to ta«es under them shall they not pay
them ? The bill is absolutely a bonus to them
unless we provide for this.
I think such a provision as that I offer would
be right in all cases, but this is as far as we
have ever gone, I believe, in these laws, except
in some cases of contracts relative to leasing
coal lands. I trust there will be no disposition
on the part of anybody here to give this bonus
to these parties where they are under contract
to deliver articles at a stipulated price, and
where they are under existing laws liable to
lax, for all that the amendment proposes is
that this bill shall not operate as a repeal of
any tax that those parties are liable to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certain parties, as I
understand the statement, have made con-
tracts with the Government for the delivery of
machinery. How did those parties make their
estimates of the contracts? Just as all other
men do; they estimated the tax as going into
the price, and they estimated the depreciation
of the currency as going into the price, as
every contractor with the Government does,
as a matter of course. Having put the tax of
five per cent, into the price charged to the
Government, and having completed the ma-
chinery, what the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont proposes is that we shall not nowproceed
to give them that five per cent, of their con-
tract price after they have charged it to the
Government for the thing they proposed to
sell; that the Government shall not now pre-
sent them with that amount, making, of course,
in a large contract, a contract of millions, a
very large sum, as stated by the honorable
Senator from Vermont.
And, as my friend from Iowa [Mr. Grimes]
suggests to me, it would be a great advantage
to the man who has not complied with his eon-
tract in season over the man who has complied
with his contract and already paid the tax.
If that is the true state of the case, as put by
the Senator from Vermont, it is a perfectly
plain proposition. If the amount of the tax
was five per cent, it would, in the case of a
contract for $1,000,000, amount to $50,000.
That $50,000 has been charged to the Govern-
ment in making up the different items which
go to constitute the whole price paid for the
machinery. What does the honorable Senator
from Ohio object to our doing? He objects to
our saying to these contractors, "Inasmuch as
you demand that §50,000 of the Government
for your machinery and have charged it to the
Government, and the Government has to paj'
it, the Government will not first present you
with that amount which it is to pay you." It
strikes nt&that it is a perfectly palpable prop-
osition, and if we do not agree to what is
offered it will be a mere giving away and wast-
ing of so much of the public money. *
Mr. JOHNSON. I was, like the honorable
member from Maine, in a state of comparative
ignorance as to the effect of the amendment.
I had supposed, from what fell from the honor-
able member from Ohio, that it was to impose
a tax now for the first time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Oh, no.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, as I understand it,
it is to prevent the repeal of a tax existing at
the time the contracts in question were entered
into.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is all
there is of it.
Mr. JOHNSON. That being the case, it is
perfectly clear that to the extent of the dimi-
nution in the tax which the bill proposes you
are giving to contractors with the Government
just the amount of that diminution. If it was
five per cent, before, and we reduce the tax
one half of that amount, we are giving them
two and a half per cent. There is no justice
in that that I can see, because it is very ob-
vious that in entering into their contracts with
the Government they entered into them upon
the assumption that they would be obliged to
pay five per cent, upon the articles which they
were to use.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Vermont why he confines
the operation of the amendment merely to
contracts between individuals and the Govern-
ment. Does not the same principle, if it be a
principle of justice, apply to other executory
contracts entered into for the delivery of goods
which are taxable between individuals?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have al-
ready alluded to that. I said that I acknowl-
edged the principle of the rule, but that the
amendment went as far as Congress had ever
gone heretofore, and as far as I thought it
would go now.
Mr. HOWARD. Ididnothearthoseremarks
of the Senator. Why is not the section as it
stands a sufficient protection? Section two
declares "that nothing in this act contained
shall be construed to repeal or interfere with
any law, regulation, or provision for the assess-
ment or collection of any tax which, under
existing laws, may accrue before the 1st day
of April, A. D. 1868."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am willing
to admit, for one, that that is a very backhanded
way of providing when a law shall go into
effect. I tried to remedy it and failed in com-
mittee ; but that is merely to provide when
this law shall go into effect.
Mr. HOWARD. I think if we apply the
principle of the Senator's amendment in one
case we ought to do so in another. I cannot
draw any distinction in point of justice between
a contract between an individual and the Gov-
ernment and a contract merely between indi-
viduals for the delivery of taxable articles. I
merely throw this out as one reason why I, at
least, do not see the propriety of the propo-
sition.
Mr. FRELINGnUYSEN. It seems to me
that the suggestion of the Senator from Mich-
igan shows that this is legislating on a wi'ong
principle. I suppose that all contracts which
are made in the country, whether between indi-
vidual and individual or between the Govern-
ment and an individual, are made subject to
the laws of the land. They take their chances
of what the law may be when the contract is
to be fulfilled.
I do not believe that the Government of the
United States are in the habit, if they make a
contract, and after the contract is made im-
pose a higher duty on the material or a higher
tax, to add that to the contract price ; neither
is it the habit with individuals ; and that is the
objection to this proposition. While in a par-
ticular case it may se,em fair, still, take the
course of legislation year after year, and I
think the true principle is to let the law fall
upon the contract favorably or unfavorably, as
it may happen, each party taking' his chance.
