1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
make satisfactory answers to these two ques-
tions. Most clearly the contempt is in refus-
ing to answer in the only place where the
answer can be properly heard and the witness
cross-examined as to matters upon which he
is examined by order of the House. Thecon-
tempt is not in refusing to answer here, but in
refusing to answer in the place where the House
has oidered that he shall answer ; and I submit
that anything else than a proper answer before
the committee is not a purgation of the con-
tempt; the contempt beUg, as I have said, a
refusal to answer before the committee.
I have carefully drawn this resolution so that
the witness shall only make such statement as
will purge him of the contempt of the authority
of the House, that authority being exercised
in directing him to answer the committee. He
cannot here give answers to the questions of
the committee. All that he can say is, ££ I am
now ready," or "not ready," as the ease may
be, "to appear before the committee and make
answer to the questions for refusing which I
am in contemptof this House."
Mr. WOODWARD. I suggest that the wit-
ness having been brought here under the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shelt.a-
barger,] he has a right to purge himself in
his own terms, and that no man can dictate
to him the terms in which the purgation shall
be made. This witness, as I understand the
preceding resolution, is in contempt of the
House for not answering certain questions be-
fore the committee. Upon a resolution of the
House the witness is now brought to the bar of
the House to purge himself of that contempt.
He is here for the purpose of offering a written
communication to the House for that purpose.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabar-
ger] argues that he can purge himself in no
other way than by answering the precise and
specific questions of the committee. I submit
to the House that neither the gentleman from
Ohio nor any other gentleman can prescribe
the terms in which the witness may purge him-
self. The House will judge, after hearing what
the witness has to say, whether he has em-
ployed terms that are satisfactory to the House.
Let me illustrate: suppose this wiitleu com-
munication of the witness—I do not know what
it contains—suppose it contains such state-
ments as will satisfy the House that the ques-
tions addressed to him by the committee ought
riot to be answered.
Mr. GARFIELD. The House has already
agreed that these questions were proper, and
lias committed the witness for contempt because
he has not answered these very questions.
Mr. WOODWARD. It is still an open
question before the House. And the witness
may be able to convince the House that the
questions, in the form and manner in which
they are put, ought not to be answered; the
witness has a right to convince the House of
that if he can.
I submit that the witness, being brought here
for the purpose of purging himself, has a right
to purge himself in his own way. It is impos-
sible that the gentleman from Ohio can purge
him; he must purge himself. And whenever
he shall have submitted whatever he has pre-
pared for that purpose, the House will judge
whether it is purgation or not. That is my
suggestion, that the witness alone can make his
purgation. The House can judge of it after
they have heard it; they cannot before.
Mr. COVODE. The proceedings of .the
gentlemen 011 the other side are entirely unpre-
cedented. There has never been a single case
in this House, since I have been here, of a wit-
ness in contempt being brought before the
House and asked to do more than to agree to
go before the committee and testify. It is the
business of the committee to receive the testi-
mony of the witness, and-not the business of
the House. Every member of this House
knows that this man is not only guilty of con-
tempt of the House, but also guilty of perjury.
And*is the time of the House to be taken
up 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call the gentleman to
4Uth Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 185.
order. He is out of order in saying that the
witness is guilty of perjury.
The SPEAKER. The question will be sub-
mitted to the House. The same question has
been adverted to once before. The committee
of investigation have submitted their report in
regard to the answers of the witness at various
times ; that report has been printed by order
of the House, and the facts are in possession
of the House. The question is whether the
remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Covode] are in order.
Mr. COVODE. The witness has admitted
it himself.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to raise a ques-
tion of order upon the proposition of the
Speaker to submit this question to the House.
The same thing, I am aware, has been done
heretofore, but without any action of the House.
It seems to me that such a proceeding is in
utter violation of all our rules.
The SPEAKER, Unless the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eubridge] thinks it the duty
of the Chair to listen to these remarks the
Chair will arrest them. The right way to
traverse the action of the Speaker is by appeal-
ing from his decisions, not by indulging in
criticisms upon them.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not mean to make
any criticism upon the action of the Chair;
but I wish to make this suggestion: that if the
majority of the House can determine the con-
struction of the rules, then the rules are of no
possible use. The object of our rules is to
protect the rights of the minority.
Mr. UPSON. Mr. Speaker, is debate in order?
Mr. SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
In reference to the point raised by the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, the Chair will state that
the rules expressly give to the Chair the priv-
ilege of submitting questions to the House.
The Chair therefore submits to the House,
which is a higher authority than the Speaker,
the question whether under the circumstances
appearing in the report of the committee the
remark of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Covode] shall be regarded as out of
order ?
On the question there were—ayes 33, noes 63.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
naj's.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania was speak-
ing in my time, I having yielded him the floor.
I propose now to resume the floor. That ends
this proceeding, I believe.
The SPEAKER. It does not. During the
time the gentleman from Pennsylvania was on
the floor by the consent of the gentleman from
Massachusetts words were uttered which it is
claimed were out of order; and that question
must be decided. The Chair will state that
upon this question a precedent has just occurred
to his mind, and as the gentleman from Wis-
consin has indulged in strictures on 'the Chair
he will say, with reference to the submission
of questions by the Presiding Officer, that it has
often been done in the Senate. During the
recent trial its presiding officer, almost every
day, submitted questions to the decision of the
Senate without himself ruling 011 them, and
questions of order have repeatedly been re-
ferred to the Senate for its decision. And in a
case parallel to this, it occurring in the Thirty-
Eighth Congress, when the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Orth] alluded to a member from
Maryland as a "traitor," after the House of
Representatives had adopted a resolution that
he had given aid and comfort to the enemy by
certain remarks which he had made on the
floor of the House, it was ruled, and the ruling
was sustained on appeal, that the gentleman
from Indiana had the right to make that charge,
because the House of Representatives had, by
its resolution, made such a declaration. In
this case the House must, in like manner,
decide whether the language used by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] is
justifiable, in view of the facts and evidence
within the knowledge of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The Chair will allow me
to say that 111 referring to his ruling I meant
to indulge in 110 criticism upon the purity of
his motives. I only meant to say that such a
practice, if held to be parliamentary, would be
subversive of the rights of the minority.
The SPEAKER. The Chair prefers to sub-
mit the matter to the House, as his ruling has
been questioned.
Mr. COVODE. I had some idea of with-
drawing the remarks, as I do not want to delay
the action of the House.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered. The question is whether the
remarks of the gentleman from. Pennsylvania
shall be ruled out of order.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 37, nays 70, not voting
82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Axtell, Baker, Barnes, Blair,
Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cornell, Driggs, Eldridge, Getz,
Golladay, Griswold,Graver, iiai^ht, ilolman, llotch-
kiss, RichardD.Hubbard, Ingersoli, Johnson, Jones,
Knott. Marshall, McCormick. Morrissey, Nib lack,
Phelps, Polsley, Randall. Ross. Stewart, Taber,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Wood, and Woodward—37.
NAYS—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Banks, Beatty,
Benjamin, Benton, BromwelJ. Buckiand, Butler.
Cake, Sidney Clarke. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Dawes,
Delano, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Fertiss, Eerry.
Fields. Harding, lliruy. Hooper, Hopkins, Chester
D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Jenckes. Judd,
Julian, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Mallory. Maynard,
McCarthy, MeCiurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moor-
head, Morrell, Mull ins, Nevvcomb, Paine. Pile, Price.
Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Starkweather. Stokes, Taylor, John Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Wyek, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B.
Wash burn e, Henry D. W ash burn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker. William Williams, John T. Wilson,
and Windom—70.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Anderson, Archcr, Arnell, Deios R. Ashles', Bailey,
Baldwin, Barnum, Beaman, Beck, Binsr'am, Blaine,
Boutwell, Broomall, Gary, Chanter, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Covode. Cullom, Dixon, Dodge.
Donnelly, Ela, Farnsworth, Finney, Fox, Garfield.
Glossbrenner, Gravely, Halsey, Hawkins. Hill. Asa-
hel"W. Hubbard. Humphrey, Kelley, Ivelsev, Kerr,
Ketehani, Kitchen, Koontz. Laflin, George V. Law-
rcnec, William Lawrence. Loughridge, Lynch, Mar-
vin, MeCuilough. Mungen, Myers, Nicholson. Nunn.
O'Neill, Orth, Perham. Peteis, Pike. Plaut-^.Poland,
Poiueroy, J'ruvn. Raum. Robertson, RobiiiMm,
Selye, Shanks. Smith, Spalding, Aaron F.Stevens,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, Tafie, Tnomas, Twichdt.
Upson, Burt Van Horn, Thomas Williams, James E.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—82.
So the remarks of Mr. Covode were not
ruled out of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will proceed.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to say this case has
an exact precedent in the inquiry touching
John Brown's raid. Thaddeus Hyatt was
brought before the Senate and had certain
questions put to him bytheSenate. Herefused
to answer, and was committed to close confine-
ment, and kept committed until he did answer.
Continuing to refuse to answer, he was again
committed, and was only finally discharged after
the committee had made its report and was
discharged from the further consideration of
the subject.
Now, the only way this witness can purge
himself of contempt, is to say that he will go
before the committee and answer the questions
put to him, which the House shall decide fo be
in the proper line of examination. He can
make no further purgation. He is not to be
excused. It is not a question of motive or
intention. It is a simple intention of will.
Will he do it? If he does not, then" he is to
be recommitted, not to be brought up again
until he manifests his willingness to do it. If
he does, he is to go before the committee as
early as it can receive him to answer the ques-
tions put to him.
Mr. WOODWARD. How does the House
know but the gentleman's answer was an
answer to the question?
Mr. BUTLER. That is not a question for
the House. The only question for the House
is whether he is ready to go and answer, and
the House must learn from its committee
whether he has answered or not.
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not know the #
House has all the confidence in the commit-
tee that it is possible to have, and it is possible
