1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
40tii Cong....2d Sess.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Stevens.
Ho. of Reps.
be shown. There might be, and unquestionably
were, other reasons for refusing a resort to such
a remedy at that particular time.
It would not be, perhaps, considered exactly
parliamentary to say that the friends of all the
aspirants for the succession to the Presidency
might possibly have feared that the temporary
elevation of Mr. Wade might disturb the pros-
pects of other candidates, and therefore I do
not say it.^ It might be equally objected, per-
haps, that it was not respectful to the Senate, if I
were to insinuate the possibility of a doubt in
the minds of others, whether it could be relied
on to convict under any circumstances. It
would not be proper, perhaps, to suggest that
there were men here, who could not see danger
in the violation of a great principle, through
oft-repeated and unrebuked encroachments on
the powers of Congress, or in anything short
of a rude exhibition that was paipable to the
senses of everybody. It is not to be disputed,
however, that the business men of the nation,
and particularly the commercial classes and
the money-dealers, were against it, because it
threatened, as they thought, a protracted con-
test, which would interfere with the legislation
of the country, and perhaps result in a great
disturbance of values and the possible over -
throw of the public credit, and that this senti-
ment was reflected by many here.
The same may be said of the timid Conser-
vatives—the waiters upon fortune—who are
always patient and long suffering, because they
are always in terror of change, always hoping,
■without ever striving for the better, and always
sure that even the worst must ultimately have
an end. And, reflecting all these, if not form-
ing and directing them, was the newspaper
Press, the vaunted sentinels upon the watch-
towers of liberty, sounding no note of alarm
to the people, but either unconsciously or stu-
diously withholding from their view a succes-
sion of atrocities that would have shaken all
England to its foundations, while itwas in some
instances even disparaging the men who had
labored to awaken the House and nation to
a sense of the great danger with which they
were menaced. Nothing is clearer to my mind
than that the result was made up, as it is not
questioned that it might legitimately be, out
of a calculation of convenience and inconven-
ience, or, in mercantile phrase, a general ac-
count of profit and loss, and that the determ-
ination to resort at last to the extreme remedy
of the Constitution, was only brought about by
a conviction of its absolute necessity.
I shall be met, however, no doubt, at this
point, by the argument to which I referred in
the beginning, that if the House could not con-
vict upon the case which it has already pre-
sented, it is idle to expect that it can succeed
on any other. I now repeat that if this were
even true, it should make no difference with us.
The failure of another body to perform its duty
will not serve with posterity as an apology for
a failure to perform our own. It is for this
House, on the contrary, to make its record so
complete as to place the whole responsibility
where it will then properly belong, and not
allow it to be said hereafter that it had kept
back a case, which was at all events essential
to the understanding of the true crime of the
President, and the precise import of the very
isolated facts that have been on trial.
I do not agree, however, as I have already
intimated, in the opinion that because we may
have failed to convict upon the case presented,
we can succeed in no other, and do not admit
the right so to presume until the experiment
has been at least fairly tried. I hold the opin-
ion, as I have ever held it, that Andrew John-
son can be convicted yet, beyond a peradven-
ture, if this House will present such a case as
the facts will authorize. It makes no differ-
ence to me what influences may be supposed
by anybody to have been employed to work
any of the sudden and unexpected conversions
which are said to have preceded the verdict of;
the Senate. I make no imputations myself,
and do not refer to these opinions as indorsing
them. But with even the worst of juries there
are cases where a false verdict would be mor-
ally impossible, and this I think is one of them.
When I shall see and hear the high tribunal
charged with the trial of this case, solemnly
decide that the matters charged in the articles
which I have had the honor to submit, are not
sufficient to warrant the conviction and re-
moval of the President, I must needs believe
it, but not till then.
It will be objected, perhaps, that it is now
too late. I beg to say that it is never too late
to perform a duty like this, where the delin-
quent is the first officer of the Republic, and
his term is not yet expired. If it were the
last day of that term, the example alone would
be of inestimable value to the nation, in the
mere vindication of the public justice, and the
admonition it will furnish to those who are to
come after him. The cause is still depending
on an indefinite adjournment, which never yet
either dissolved a court, or discharged a crimi-
nal who was on trial. It is not decided, and can-
not be decided, until the Senate has responded
to each and every article of accusation which
has been preferred before it; and it is the
undoubted right of the House to exhibit new
specifications, if it thinks proper, and either
with or without them, to demand that it re-
assemble, and proceed to judgment upon the
whole case as it may have been submitted.
If it refuses upon such a case and under
such circumstances to perfect its presentment,
it will be worse than idle to talk hereafter
about constitutional limitations on executive
power. A people that will permit the acts enu-
merated here to go untried and uncondemned,
cannot long exist without a master, if they
have not a master already. The example will
find imitators, which a triumphant party with
an army of hungry mercenaries, will justify,
and this high precedent excuse. The time will
hardly come again when an Executive of thi3
nation will find himself with more than two
thirds of both Houses of Congress against him.
It will comein vain, if there arenotin thisHouse
men sagacious and sensitive enough to feel and
see when its liberties are wounded in a vital
point, and brave enough to emulate the heroes
who died to defend it from the first great trea-
son, by meeting its greater enemy at the gate,
and calling him to answer with his office for
the greater crimes of which he has been guilty.
My duty thus performed, I leave the case
with this House and Providence.
Purchase of Alaska.
SPEECH OP HON. T. STEVENS,
of pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives,
July 13, 1868,
On the bill (H.R.No. 109S) making an appropriation
to carry into effect the treaty of March .">0,1867.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I desire to add a short supplement
to what I have heretofore said on the Russian
treaty.
None of the arguments which I have yet
seen satisfies my mind. The confusion arising
in the minds of writers seems to come from
their difficulty in distinguishing between nat-
ural individuals and individuals composed of
aggregate masses.
In my judgment, there is not a particle of
difference between the construction and bind-
ing obligation of a contract made between
natural persons and one made between corpo-
rate persons. Once ascertain that in either
case their compact has been duly executed and
delivered by persons competent to exercise
free will, then ascertain its meaning, and the
whole question is solved. There is but one
way to evade its execution. That is by bad
faith. Nations are precisely like individuals
in contracting and executing contracts, except
being aggregate bodies, the chart of their .cre-
ation must bestow power upon them. But
when a compact between nations has become
complete, which includes delivery as the final
act, it can no more be abrogated without the
consent of both parties than a bond solemnly
executed and delivered. Its binding power
adheres to and follows the nation through its
whole national existence, even in the midst
of revolutions and change of the dynasties.
Hence the true labor is to ascertain the power
of the parties and the fact of their contract.
This seems to me not difficult to do. Every
nation is nothing more than many persons
incorporated into one. That one becomes as
capable of binding action as any one of their
number separately. Every nation has its rules
and laws which fix the mode of the action
of the corporate persons. When it has acted
its acts bind every one of its aggregate mil-
lions, how much soever they may dislike it.
In moat monarchical Governments the sover-
eign has the sole power of contracting. But
for this purpose our Constitution has put the
whole treaty-making power into the hands of
the President and Senate. No other branch
of the Government has any right to interfere,
nor does it limit the power by any enumera-
tion of subjects. It cannot encroach on any
power granted to another department, beyond
that it is absolute. The Constitution vests the
right to regulate commerce in Congress. Hence
1 have never believed that commercial treaties
were valid, though they have been so treated
by the nations.
By the Constitution of the United States, as
I have said, the whole treaty-making power is
most distinctly given to the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate.
By another provision it is expressly declared
that a treaty made in pursuance of the Con-
stitution is the supreme law. No branch of the
Government nor any State law can resist it.
By the Constitution not the least qualification
or assistant power is given to the President and
Senate, eitheraseonsultativeorassistance. The
treaty, when once ratified and proclaimed, is a
perfect instrument, and absolutely binding on
the parties according to its terms.
If the treaty provides that either of the par-
ties should do any particular thing at a future
or distant day, such as paying annuities, that
does not in the least affect the perfect validity
of the instrument or its binding power. A
condition-precedent prevents operation of an
instrument. A condition-subsequent never
does. A breach of it may impose liabilities,
but it does not affect the obligation on the
delinquent party, or the rights of the other
party. Our Republic has agreed upon a mode
by which it witnesses its obligations, and to
which all nations give full faith and credit.
We take the following as the formation from
this very treaty:
Done at Washington the Fait Wasbmgtonlel8-30
30th day of March in jour de Mars de-ran de
the year of our Lord notre Seigneur mil huit
18o7. cent Soixantc-Sept.
[l. s.l W. II. Sewakd. [l. s.] W. H. Seward,
[l. s.] E. De Stoecki,. [l.s.J E. De Stoecki,.
And whereas the said treaty ha« been duly rati-
fied on both parts, and the respective ratifications
of thesamewere exchanged at Washington on this
20th day of June, by William H. Seward, Secretary
of State of tho United States, and the privy coun-
sellor Edward Do Stoecki, tho envoy extraordinary
of his majesty the emperor of all the Russias, on tho
part of their respective Governments;
Now, therefore, bo it known that X, Andrew John-
son, President of the United States of America, have
caused the said treaty to be made public, to the end
that the same and every clause and article thereof
may be observed and fulfilled with good faith by the
United States and tho citizens thereof.
In witness whereof. I have hereunto sot my nana
andcauscd tbe seal of the United States to be ajhxca.
Done at the city of Washington, this fflth daj of
r- i .Timfi iri thg Year of our Lord) T8d7  odq oi
LL' JOHNSON!10
By tho President: , „
William H. Sewabd, Secretary of Mute.
