2946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
JuneS,
the witness might convince the House that
the committee had no complaint against him
as he had already ffnswered the questions put
to him. When a witness is brought to the bar
how can he purge himself unless his mouth is
unstopped?
Mr. BUTLER. How easy it would be for
hi ni to say that he is willing to go and answer.
Mr. WOODWARD. That is dictating his
purgation to him.
Mr._ BUTLER. Undoubtedly it is. The
committee dictated the resolution to the House.
If he is willing to answer, he can say so and
go before the committee. That is all he has
to say. We do not want a speech.
Mr. WOODWARD. He comes here to
purge himself of contempt and offers a paper
which may purge him.
Mr. BUTLER. The gentleman has long
been upon the bench. Suppose a witness
appearing before him and committed because
he refuse to answer a question is again brought
before him, the question ho would put to him
would be, "Are you willing to answer?"
Mr. WOODWARD. I will answer the ques-
tion by saying that I know of no court of
justice which, having committed a witness for
contempt, any contempt which he may have
been guilty of 
Mr. BUTLER. Keep to the contempt of
refusing to answer the question.
Mr. WOODWARD. Very well. Where a
witness was committed for refusing to answer
a question, and that witness offers to go before
the court and purge himself, 1 never heard of
a court of justice refusing to hear what he had
to say.
Mr. BUTLER. Nor I.
Mr. WOODWARD. That is this case, pre-
cisely.
Mr. BUTLER. But I never heard of a court
of justice that would let a witness come before
it and make a speech. The witness is to say
simply whether he will or will not answer.
iir. WOODWARD. The question of pur-
gation is the witness's own affair.
Mr. SHELLABARGrER. I offer, for the
purpose of closing this matter up, the following
resolution; on which I demand the previous
question:
Uciohycd, That in purging himself of the contempt
for which Charles W. WooJley is committed by this
House, said Voolley shall bo required to state
whether he is now wiling to go belore the committee
of manager of the House, before which he has been
summoned to testify, and make answer to the ques-
tions for the refusal to answer which lie has been
ordered into custody, and if he answers that he is so
ready to answer before said committee, then the wit-
ness shall have that privilege to so appear and answer
as soon a? said committee can be convened, and that
in the meantime the witness remain in custody; and
in the event that the said witness answer that he
is not ready to so appear before said committee and
make answer to the said questions so refused to be
answered, then that the said witness bo recommitted
for continuance of such contempt, and that such cus-
tody shall continue until the said witness shall com-
municate to this House through said committee tbat
he is ready to make such answers.
Mr. JONES. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is not now in order.
If the previous question is not seconded it will
be.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
80, noes 30—and the main question ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. I make the point of order
that there is no such committee in existence in
this House as was created by the House. Pour
of the committee of managers are absent from
the city. Only two are here present. The
proposition, therefore, is to doom this prisoner
to a dungeon until four of the committee return
from their travels in the country.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, on the ground that the resolu-
tion appointing this committee authorizes them
to investigate by sub-committees. There is
specific authority, therefore, for an investiga-
tion by sub-committees.
Mr. BROOKS. This is a reference to a
f committee, not to a sub-committee, and it is
within my knowledge tbat only two of the
committee are here present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
whether two or more are present.^
Mr. BROOKS. The Speaker "must know
what members are absent on leave, for the
record shows it.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Three members
are here.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
what members are absent, nor is it a part of
his duty to examine the roll-call to see who
are present or absent, except when a warrant
is issued to have them brought to the bar of
the House by order of the House. Then it is
his duty to examine the record. The Chair
has stated what he supposed the gentleman had
forgotten, that the resolution appointing this
committee empowered them to conduct the
examination by a sub-committee ; so that if
this resolution is adopted the right of the sub-
committee would accrue. Whether the com-
mittee are in the city or not the Chair does not
know. He does not know who are the sub-
committee. He has no official knowledge as
to that nor has he a right to any.
Mr. BROOKS. If the Chair will permit
me, the resolution instructs the committee, not
the sub-committee, and the committee are
absent.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the
House authorized the committee to depute
power to a sub-committee to take testimony.
The Chair will rule, in order that an appeal
can be taken if any member disputes his decis-
ion, that an appearance of this witness before
a sub-committee, which has been authorized
by the resolution of the House, will comply with
the resolution ordering him to appear before
the committee. If any gentleman appeals the
appeal will be entertained.
The question was taken on agreeing to the
resolution, and it appeared to be carried.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 32, not vot-
ing 64 ; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Allison, Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Blame,
Blair, Bromwell. iiuekland, Header W. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook^Cornell, Covode,
Culloin " ~
Bcliley
Hill, liooper, l'lopkins. Cheater 1). Hubbard, Hul-
burd. Hunter, Ingersoll, Jcndces, Judd, Julian,
Koontz, Laflin,Lincoln, Loan,Logan, Mallory, May-
nard, McCarthy, McCiuvg, Mereur, Miller, Moore,
Morrell, Mullius, Sewtomb, O'Neill. Paine, reters.
1'ilc, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Kaum, Sawyer,
Scbcnek, Scoheld, Shellabarger, Starkweather, Aaron
Jb\ Stevens, Taft'c, Taylor, John Trimble, Trowbridge,
Twiohetl. Upson. Van Aernam, Robert!. Van Horn,
Van AVyck, Ward, Cadwalader 0. Washburn, Eliliu
B. Washburne, Henry 1). Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, William Williams, and John T.
Wilson—93.
SAYS—Messrs. Axtell, Barnes, Beck, Boyer,
Brooks, Burr, Eldridge, Getz, Golladay, drover,
llaight, Ilotchkiss, Richard IX Hubbard, Johnson,
Jones, Knott, Marshall,McCormick,Mornssey, mb-
lack, Phelps, Randall, lloss, Sitgreaves, Slewait,
Stone, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, \ an Auken,
Van Trump. Wood, and Woodward—32.
SOT VOTIXG—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer.
Arnell, Dclos R. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Banks, Bar-
num, Bingham, Boutwell, Broomall, Butler. Cake,
Cary, Chonler, Churchill, Dixon, E!a, Finney, Fox,
Glossbrenner, Halscy, Hawkins, Holman, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Humphrey, Kclley, Kelsey, kerr,
KetchHin, Kitchen, fcreorge V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loughridg'c, Lynch, Marvin, McCul-
lough, Moorhead, Muugen, Jlyers,Nicholson,ISunn,
Orth, Pcrham, Pike, Plants, Poland, Pruyn, Robert-
son, Robinson, Selye, Shanks, Smith. Spalding, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stokes, Thomas. Burt \ an Horn,
Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson, btepnen 1-. V\ u-
son, Wmdom, and Woodbridge—d-l.
So the resolution was agreed t,o.
Mr. SHELLABARGER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Woolley, I am in-
structed by the House of Representatives to
propound to you the question whether you are
now willing to go before the committee of man-
agers of the House before which you were sum-
moned to testify, and to make answer to the ques-
tions for the refusal to answer which you have
been ordered into custody ; and the resolution
of the House then proceeds as follows:
" If he answer that he is so ready to answer before
such committee tlie witness shall hare the privilege
to so appear and answer as soon as such committee
can be convened, and in the mean time the witness
shall remain in custody; and in the event of the said
witness answering that he is not ready to so appear
before the said committee and make answer to the
said questions so refused to be answered, then that
the said witness be recommitted," &c.
To this resolution, which I am directed to
read t© you, you can make one of two answers:
first, that you are ready to answer before the
committee of managers the questions for a
refusal to answer which you were ordered into
custody; and the second answer is, that you
are not ready so to answer.
Mr. Woolley. Can I have the questions
read so that 1 can understand the question ?
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
they will be read, although they are of some
length. They are to be found "in the Globe of
the 27th of May.
No objection was made, and the Clerk read
as follows:
" Question. Have you sent any telegrams from thi3
city under a ieigned name'/
" Answer. X have, sir; but not to—yes, I have.
41 Question. What was that name?
" Answer. I sent one under the name of Hooker,
and some under the name of 4 Bismarck, junior/
44 Question. Under that feigned name did not, you
telegiaph to have £10,000 put to your credit with the
firm of Gilliss, Harney 6c Co., 24 Broad ctreet?
" Answer Not that X recollect of.
44 Question. To Sheridan Shook?
44 Answer.' In regard to the impeachment trial ? I
dccline to answer as to any dispatches not relating
to the President's impeachment trial.
4* At this point the statute relating to the obliga-
tion of a witness to testify was read to the witness—
the same statute to which the Speaker referred yes-
terday—making the relusal to testify punishable by
a line and imprisonment. The witness replied :
" Answer, lam willing- to take the pealty. I re-
fuse to answer, because I hare sent no dispatch for
fctoendan Shook to place $10,001) to my credit m'New
York, to be used m regard to the impeachment trial.
" Question. Do you still refuse to answer?
44 Answer. Tbat is the answer. I say I have sent
no dispatch to Sheridan Shook to place $10,000 to bo
used in the impeachment trial.
" Question. Bid you, on or about the 7 th day of May,
send a dispatch to Sheridan Shook, underthe feigned
nameof 'llooker/ to put 610,000atyour creditm the
banking house of Gillies, Harney & Co.?
44 Ansuwr. Not for the purpose of being used in the
impeachment trial.
4* By Mr. Wilson:
44 Question. Boyourefusetomakeanyotheranswer
than that which you have made?
44 Answer. I am willing to answer any question
concerning the impeachment ol the President. I
have sent no dispatch to bheridan Shook relating to
the impeachment or conviction oi the President of a
criminal character.
" Question. Bo you refuse tomake any other answer
than that?
" Answer. I refuse to answer any question that does
not relate 
44Question. I ask you if you refuse to make any other
answer ?
''-Answer. I cannot say whether Irefuse.
44 Question. Will you make any other answer?
*4 Answer. I do not say that I refuse.
44 Question. Have you sent anything respecting im-
peachment at all?
"'Answer. Nothing at all, except as information;
but nothing that looked directly or remotely to the
purchase of any Senator.
44 By Mr. Boutwell:
44Question. Wilt you read this dispatqh aloud, if
you please ?
"Answer. (Witness, looking at the dispatch.) That
is not my dispatch, sir.
"Question. What do you say to the dispatch shown
you?
44.Arc?ttvr. I have no recollection of having sent it.
444/ttes?<o?i. Bid you send a dispatch to Sheiidan
Shook substantially of the purport of that?
"Answer. Is;<>t to my lecolleotion,
44By Mr. Butli:r:
"Question. Bid you not, on the next day. draw on
Gilhss, Harney A: Co. lor the sum of $10,000 i
"An^cer. iCotto my recollection,
44Question. Have you not testified that you di:l m
draw ?
"Answer. I do not think that I testified yesterday
that 1 did.
Question. Bid you not state to the committee yes-
terday that you did so draw?
"Answer. I deny yourrighttoask thequestion a<s to
what Isfated. I do not know what Istated yesterday.
"Question. Is not that dispatch in your handwrit-
ing? [Dispatch exhibited.]
Yes, sir; itis."
The dispatch was as follows :
May C>, 1SGS.
To Sheridan Shook, S3 Ck-dar street, JVew Yor&t ■
My business U adjusted. Place ten to my credit
to-day with Gilhsa, Harney & Co., No. ^Broad street.
fiOOK&B, Wittard'e.
