538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
they desire I shall offer as a substitute for this
bill, not by the way of antagonizing with the
object sought to be secured by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania in his bill, but merely with
the idea of having provided a more practical
means of arriving at that end. I therefore ask
the unanimous consent of the House to offer
this as a substitute for the gentleman's bill and
that it may be printed.
The SPEAKER. It cannot now be offered
ss a substitute, the bill not being now before
the House. If there is no objection it will
be ordered to be printed.
No objection was made.
moitning hour.
Mr. JULIAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness in the morning hour is the calling or the
committees for reports, commencing with the
Committee on Public Lands, which is entitled
to another hour.
homesteads for freedmen.
Mr. JULIAN. I report back from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands House bill No. 122, to
facilitate the occupation of public lands by
freedmen, under the homestead act. I ask
that it may lie on the table, for the reason that
its object has already been provided for in
House bill No. 267, which is pending.
The bill was accordingly laid on the table.
Mr. JULIAN. I also report back the peti-
tion of citizens of Louisiana, on the same sub-
ject, and ask that the same order be made.
The petition was accordingly laid on the table.
public school lands.
Mr. JULIAN. I also report adversely on
the memorial of the Legislature of the Terri-
tory of Utah, praying for a donation of town
sites in said Territory for school purposes,
which I ask to have laid on the table. I am
instructed to present an accompanying adverse
report, in writing, which I also ask to have laid
on the table and printed.
The memorial and report were accordingly
laid on the table, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
abolition of land offices.
Mr. JULIAN also, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back, with an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, a bill (H.
R. No. 278) to abolish the land offices at Chilli-
cothe, Ohio, Indianapolis, and Springfield, Illi-
nois.
The substitute was read. It provides that
hereafter, in case of the public lands in any
land district being nearly or quite disposed of,
it shall be lawful for the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and is hereby made his duty, to close
the local land office for such district and have
the records and files thereof transferred to the
General Land Office; and in regard to any
fragmentary portions of land in such district
as may remain undisposed of the duties which
would otherwise devolve on the register and
receiver shall be assigned to the Commissioner
of the General Land Office on the closing of
the district office.
Mr. JULIAN. The bill introduced by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cary] abolished
three specified land offices. I submitted it to
the consideration of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, who recommended the
passage of a general bill authorizing the Com-
missioner of the Land Office, and making it
his duty, where the business has been com-
pleted or nearly so in any land district, to dis-
continue the land office in that district and
transfer the records to the General Land Office.
This is a general bill, designed to economise
expense. I apprehend there can be no possi-
ble objection to it, and I demand the previous
question.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand that the
substitute reported by the committee makes it
the duty of the Commissioner to close the
office, or does it only authorize him to do it?
Mr. JULIAN. It is made his duty.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill was-ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
motion to reconsider.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to enter a motiou
to reconsider the vote by which the bill (H.
11. No. 370) was postponed on yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
what subject the bill relates to, but the motion
will be entered.
settlers on the sioux reservation.
Mr. JULIAN. I now yield to my colleague
on the Committee from Minnesota, [Mr. Don-
nelly.]
Mr. DONNELLY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No.
358) for the relief of settlers on the late Sioux
Indian reservation in the State of Minnesota.
The bill provides that all actual settlers who
have duly filed preparatory statements under
the preemption laws with the register and
receiver in the proper local land office upon
I unsold lands now included within the limits of
the late Sioux Indian reservation in the State
I of Minnesota shall be allowed two years from
I and after the passage of this act within
which to make proof and payment for their
claims in accordance with the provisions of
the second and third sections of the act ap-
proved March 3, 18G3, providing for the dis-
posal of said reservation.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, a few
words of explanation may be necessary.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has the
bill been printed?
Mr. DONNELLY. It has not. I will
explain the bill, and I do not think there will
be any objection to it.
The Sioux Indians were by treaty stipula-
tions located on a reservation on the Minnesota
river, in the State of Minnesota. In conse-
quence of their massacre of our citizens in the
year 1862, they were driven from the reserva-
tion, and subsequently, by an act of Congress,
they were removed from the State. An act
was passed in March, 18G3, providing that the
lands of the reservation should be appraised
and that settlers might go upon the lands and
preempt them, provided that they paid in one
year after their preemption the appraised value
thereof. In the year 1865, being the same year
the lands became open for preemption settle-
ment, the crops in that region of country were
almost a total failure and a great deal of suffer-
ing resulted to the settlers, so much so that
the Legislature of the State of Minnesota felt
called upon to pass an appropriation for their
relief, and placed a considerable sum in the
hands of the Governor for distribution among
them. In consequence of this distress, they
have been unable to pay for their preempted
claims within the time limited by law.
This bill simply provides that the actual
settlers upon the reservation shall have the
additional period of two years from and after
the passage of this act in which to pay for
their claims. It is an act of relief and an act
of mercy to which I think no gentleman can
object. The bill was introduced by my col-
league from the first district of Minnesota, [Mr.
Windom,] and he had previously to its intro-
duction communicated upon the subject with
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
and has received from him a letter, which I send
to the Clerk's desk and ask to have read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department ok Interior,
Gkneral Land Office, December 14, 1867.
Sib : I bave the honor to herewith return you cer-
tain papers, filed by you on the 12th instant, in refer-
ence to certain settlers on the Sioux Indian reserva-
tion iu the State of Minnesota, asking relief by a
postponement of the sale of said lands, and I inclose
herewith, as requested by you, a draft of a bill
designed to givo them the relief they ask, should
Congress be favorably inclined to grant their prayer.
I would earnestly recommend that the relief asked
may be granted by the passage of the inclosed bill.
1 am, sir, very respcctl'ully, your obedient servant,
J. S. WILSON,
Commissioner.
Hon. William Windom, Souse of Representatives.
Mr. DONNELLY. I will add simply that no
person can derive any benefit under this bill ex-
cept he be an actual settler, and then only upon
the payment of the appraised value of the land.
I now call the previous question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. DONNELLY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
homestead law.
Mr. DONNELLY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, also reported back House bill
No. 35y, amendatory of the homestead law,
with a recommendation that the same do pass.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. The first section
provides that in any case hereafter in which an
: applicant for the commutation of a homestead,
I as provided for iu section eight of the act to
; secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain, approved May 20, 18G2, and
who has in all things complied with the pro-
visions of said law, and who shall desire to com-
mute such homestead, as by said section author-
ized, and is prevented by reason of distance,
bodily infirmity, or other good cause, from
personal attendance at the district land office,
it shall and may be lawful for the applicant for
such commutation to make the affidavit and
proof required by the original statute before
the clerk of the court for the county in which
such applicant is an actual resident, and trans-
mit the same with fees and commission to the
register and receiver of such land office, who
shall thereupon be authorized and required to
make such commutation entry.
The second section provides that it may and
shall be lawful for any person who has had
the benefit of said homestead law to make the
proof and testimony that he has resided upon
and cultivated such homestead, and that no
part of said land has been alienated, and that
he has borne true allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States, as is required and
directed by the second section of said act
i before any certificate shall be given or patent
issued, before the clerk of the court for the
county in which the applicant is an actual res-
ident, in like manner and for like cause, as in
the preceding section provided for, and under
such rules and regulations as shal 1 be prescribed
by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire if this bill
has been printed?
Mr. DONNELLY. It has not.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope this bill will not
be acted upon until it has been printed, for it
is a very important measure.
Mr. DONNELLY. I think an explanation
of the bill will induce the gentleman to with-
draw his request.
Mr. SPALDING. It is a very important bill;
let it be printed.
Mr. DONNELLY. I will state to the House
that the homestead law provides for three dif-
ferent affidavits that may be made by the set-
tler. And although the law does not require
that those affidavits shall be made at the land
office, or in the presence of the register and
receiver, yet such has been the interpretation
given by the General Land Office. The result
is that in order to make the affidavits required
by the act or to perfect his title the settler is
required to travel, in some cases, forty, fifty,
