1922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
There is certainly no propriety in making an
exception in favor of the Government which
you do not make in favor of railroad companies
and individuals.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment of the
Senator from Vermont, it seems to me, goes
far beyond what has ever been done before,
and I am afraid it will do injustice to individ-
uals. I know the Senator does not want to do
that. So far as articles have been delivered,
there is no objection to the proposition; and
there is no doubt the law would make it so.
"Where articles are delivered to the Govern-
ment the price is presumed to be paid, and
therefore 1 do not see that the amendment
would apply in such cases. The articles hav-
ing been delivered, the contract is complete,
and that is the end of it. I would have no
objection to that clause so far as it goes; but
the amendment goes further and says that the
tax shall apply to all contracts made prior to
the passage of this act. Allow me to put a
case. I do not know that such a case has act-
ually occurred, but it is possible.
Suppose the Government of the United
States has in the ordinary way advertised for
contracts for the delivery of harness and other
supplies of the Army. They are to be delivered
in the future. They are now subject to tax;
tlicy are to be manufactured dining the next
summer. The contracts are usually made for
a year in advance, and a length of time is al-
lowed for complying with the contracts. In
the meantime the tax is repealed. This pro-
vision would be perfectly correct if all the
tax was taken off' the cost of the article; but
in my judgment the effect of a repeal of the
tax is partly to raise the value of the labor
that enters into that article, and as a matter
of courso the contractor will have to pay more
for the labor and the article will cost him
more. There are many elements that enter
into the cost. The tax is not always a mere
addition to the cost; and the taking off a tax
does not cause a reduction of the cost to the
same extent, always. Therefore, when you
apply this principle to contracts to be executed
in the future for the manufacture of articles,
as in the case I put, you may do great injus-
tice to contractors.
I do not know whether there are any con-
tracts of this kind or not; but if there are,
great injustice may be done. I do not see why
contractors with the Government should not
be put upon the same footing as all other con-
tractors are. If the laws are changed in their
favor let them get the benefit; if the laws are
changed to their detriment, as they are by the
imposition of new taxes, as a matter of course
they suffer ; but 1 see no reason in legislating
for so small a matter as live or three per cent,
would be on the small amount of contracts that
are to be executed in the future for the benefit
of the United States. The amount cannot be
very large. It is, however, for the Senate to
say.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sena-
tor's suggestion were to be in favor here, we
might as well abandon the whole proposition.
I have not supposed this amendment would
operate at all upon articles that had already
been delivered ; but, out of abundant caution,
I put that in. It is to catch those articles which
have not been already delivered where the con-
tract has been made priorto the passage of the
law that I offer it. The only question, in my
judgment, about the justice of the matter is
whether the contract was made in the expecta
tion that the party would have this tax to pay.
Mr. GRIM ES. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Ohio whether I understand him cor-
rectly in the expression of the opinion that
the effect of this law, if passed, would be to
increase the price of labor and also to increase
the price of the manufactured article?
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; I said it would de-
crease the price of the manufactured article
undoubtedly; but I thought to some extent
the laborer would share in the benefit of the
removal of the tax. As a matter of course
it will cheapen the value of the article.
Mr. GRIMES. Then if the contractor has
estimated for it now under the existing law,
he can very well afford to pay the amount.
Mr. SHERMAN. But I do not think it will
cheapen the article to the extent of the tax.
, Mr. GRIMES. Then, I think, we had bet-
ter not pass this bill. I supposed we were
going on the theory that the effect of the bill
would be to revive the industry of the country
and cheapen manufactured articles to the con-
sumers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think all experience
has shown that the diminution of the cost of
the article is not to the extent of the tax re-
moved ; but it is a relief of so much tax. So
many million dollars are distributed among
the people and received by them partly in the
increase of the value of their labor, partly in
the diminution of the tax they pay to the man-
ufacturers. It is diversified. We throw off
$40,000,000 of taxes by this bill, and the peo-
ple get the benefit of it either by the increased
value of their labor, by the increased activity
given to their employment, or by the reduc-
tion of taxes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is one very short
answer to the objection made by the honora-
ble Senator from Michigan; and that is that
we cannot enforce such a provision in the case
of private contracts, because the Government
cauuot know what those private contracts are.
They arc infinite in number all over the coun-
try, and in order to carry out the provision the
Government officers must be acquainted with
the private contracts of individuals scattered
over the country. It is a matter of impossi-
bility. You cannot do it so that the provision
could be enforced. It has been argued that in
the case of the Government itself, where it
does know what its contracts are and who its
contractors are, and can enforce the contracts,
therefore, because they cannot do it in other
eases, the Government must put its hand into
its pocket and pay to these contractors large
sums of money. There is nothing in an argu-
ment of that sort.
My honorable friend from New Jersey, if I
understand him, argues that we never must
pay any attention to consequences in passing
laws, but that the laws must have their full
operation. I grant that after they are passed
they must; and when we have passed this bill
it will have its full operation ; but the object
is to pass it so that the Government shall not
lose money by it. This is taking a new de-
parture, to argue, as gentlemen substantially
do, that we are not at all legislating for the
benefit of the Government now and must have
no reference whatever to it. I suppose that
although we are legislating for the benefit of
manufacturers, and for the relief of indus-
try to a very great extent, while that is the
principal object of this bill, yet at_the same
time we should not go so far as to give money
to men in excess of what is required under con-
tracts already made. If theamount of the tax,
five per cent, or three per cent., was not in-
cluded in the price, and if the Government
had not to pay that price, it would be very fair
to leave the law to its general operation ; but
the fact is that these men having contracted to
receive the amount of the tax as part of the
price, are now to go on and make their articles
and deliver them to the Government, and de-
mand of the Government the amount of the
tax. Is that fair? Is the Government called
upon to do any such thing as that? The effect
of it is precisely what i state. The amend-
ment cannot go so far as to injure anybody if
the tax is due. I dare say there will be many
cases where it will not be paid, and where, from
the nature of the contract itself, it cannot be
enforced ; but where it can be, there is, as it
strikes me, exceeding propriety in it, unless
the Government at this time, from the great
surplus which it is going to have on hand, ac-
cording to the exposition of my honorable
friend from Ohio, has money enough in its
strong box to give $50,000 here and §100,000
there, out of that strong box, simply because
it has made contracts.
I listened to my honorable friend with a great
deal of interest, and it puzzled me to see where
Ire was going to get it; but from his present
liberality, his disposition to deliver over to
contractors this amount of money which the
Government must pay to them, it would seem
to me that the surplus must be larger in his
own mind than he exhibited to the Senate in
the very clear and lucid statement that he made.
Now, sir, it strikes me that the proposition is
too plain a one for dispute ; and in those cases
whore it can be enforced, the Government is
under no sort of obligation to pay in fact five
per cent, to contractors instead of relieving
industry, for that is the amount of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I offer this amendment
as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That on and after tho
passage of this act, thero shall be allowed and raid
a drawback equal in amount to the import duty paid
on all lumber, hemp, (marnlla,) copper, and upon aU
iron not advanced in manufacture beyond bars, rods,
and bolts, which shall bo wrought up in tile con-
struction, rigging, or equipment of sailing vessels of
the United States, or used in repairing vessels of for-
eign baild documented in conformity with tlieprovis-
ions of the act of 23d December, 1832, less five per
cent, of the amount of such drawback which shall be
retained for the use of the United States under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may pre-
scribe.
This is precisely a transcript of an amend-
ment which, after some debate, was adopted in
the Senate by a very large majority to tlie tariff
bill of last year. 1 think at that time the Sen-
ate settled the propriety of it, and I think the
Senate can now have no doubt of its propriety.
I know that the objection which will be made
to it is, that this is a bill relating to the internal
revenue, and not to the tariff; that therefore
it is not strictly germane; but that objection
is one that is very seldom made in the Senate,
and very seldom sustained. The amendment
is not strictly upon the same subject as the
bill, but yet it has reference to the general
object of this bill. Besides, it is suggested to
me that when the bill relating to the cotton
tax was before the Senate, we amended the
tariff bill by a section which we added to it.
If I saw any other bill pending here to which
this would be more germane,_ which was likely
to coine'before the Senate within any reason-
able time I would not offer it here; but there
is none.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will inform
the Senator that I think there is an independent
bill in the other House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There may be in the
House of Representatives, but it has not got
here, and I do not, know that it ever will get here.
If there was a bill here that could be taken up,
I should be very glad to put this proposition
upon a bill to which it would be more germane.
But what will be done with the bill referred to
in the other House I do not know.
The general object of this bill, as I under-
stand it, and as I think no Senator will dispute,
is to relieve the suffering industry of the coun-
try, the great pursuits of industry which are
not only beneficial to individuals, but ben-
eficial to the country itself. If there is an
interest in the country which is of very great
importance, perhaps comparing in its general
character with the general interests of manu-
factures, it is the interest of navigation.
Everybody knows that at this time the navi-
gating interests are so depressed that they are
almost destroyed—I mean that portion of
them which relates to the construction of ves-
sels. My own State has heretofore been very
largely interested in the construction of sailing
vessels ; and so have all the other States, mora
or less, on the sea-board. We arrived at a
point where the State of Maine manufactured
more sailing tonnage than any other State in
the Union. Now, it is an undeniable fact that
that interest is so much depressed as to be
almost destroyed. Our ship-yards, as a general
rule, are perfectly still. Nothing of any con-
siderable consequence is done in that line. In
