1868.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'423
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Impolicy of Land Bounties, &c.—Mr. Julian.
Ho. of Reps.
freely conferring with intelligent soldiers and
sailors on the subject, I reported to the House
a bill framed upon that basis, which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
General Schenck reported it back, with sundry
modifications as to details, and it passed the
House by an overwhelming vote. In the Sen-
ate, however, it encountered serious opposi-
tion. The executive agencies to which I
have referred seemed to be far more potent in
that body than in the House. The financial
difficulty was regarded as insurmountable.
Besides, many Senators declared that the sol-
der, having received what he contracted to
light for, was entitled to nothing more. These
Senators, however, were quite anxious for the
passage of a bill to increase their own salaries
."j 2,000 a year, which the House refused to
agree to, for the reason, in part at least, that
the Senate refused to concur in the bounty
bill. The final result of this conflict was a
compromise, by which the measure now known
as the act of July 28, 1806, was indissolubly
married to the proposition to increase the pay
cf members; and, under the motive power of
an argument two thousand dollars strong, this
cunning but discreditable project was carried,
i am very glad that it had a Democratic parent-
age, and that a large wing of the llepublicans
in Congress opposed it from the beginning to
the end. The bounty bill thus carried through
was an insult to the very principle of equaliza-
tion ; and though it takes from the Treasury
nearly sixty millions of money, it has proved
almost as unsatisfactory to our soldiers as if
no bill at all had been enacted.
The agitation of the subject, however, now
gradually subsided. What had been done for
the soldier, though it disappointed him, seemed
to create a new obstacle in the way oi doing
more. The financial condition of the country
did not improve, and although the House re-
enacted General Schiixok'b if.ii during the last
session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, it ftilled
in the Senate, as was naturally to be expected.
Thus the matter rested, Mr. Chairman, till the
early part of the present session, when a bill
was introduced and referred to Ihe Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, providing for very
la-'.- bounties in lauds. The aggregate num-
ber whom it premised bounty was two mil-
lions two hundred and forty-five thousand
six hundred and fifty-nine, and it called for
three hundred and thirty-four millions nine
hundred and seventy thousand three hundred
and sixty acres of land, for which warrants
were to be issued and made assignable like
those of our Mexican war. My facts are offi-
cial, being based on the careful calculations of
She War Department. The effect of throwing
upon the market this immense issue of war-
rants would necessarily bring down their price
so low that it would prove a pitiful mockery
of the past claim ci' tire soldier, while specu-
lators would bring them up in vast quantities,
and make them the basis of new and most,
fearful monopolies of the public domain.
These and kindred facts were forcibly set forth
by the committee in an adverse report, accom-
panied by a bill which they offered as a sub-
stitute, and which has passed the House, by
which the five dollar and ten-dollar fees re-
quired under the homestead law shall be re-
mitted in the case of honorably discharged
soldiers and seamen, while the existing con-
ditions of settlement and improvement are ad-
' Mr. Chairman, another land-bounty bill has
been reported to the House and referred to I he
Committee on Military Affairs, and a majority
of that committee, as I understand, have
agreed to recommend its passage. Should it
be reported at this late hour m the session
no opportunity can be given for debate ; and
I therefore avail myself of the present occa-
sion to discuss its provisions, and to protest
against ifs enactment. It attempts to escape
some of the difficulties already pointed out
respecting land bounties, by providing that,
instead of assignable land warrants, there
shall be issued to the soldier a certificate of
indebtedness for the amount of his bounty,
computed at the rate of eight and one third
dollars per month for his time of service, and
drawing six per cent, interest, which certifi-
cate shall be used only by him or his heirs,
and be payable only in land. This, in effect,
though in other words, is the same thing as
so many non-assignable land warrants. These
certificates, as 1 shall presently show, would
certainly be made assignable by Congress at
.an early day; but for the sake of the argu-
ment I will admit that their non-assignable
eharacler is preserved, and that such is the
bona fiic purpose of the bill. It mast follow,
then, most conclusively, that its aim is not to
give laud to those who really need it for culti-
vation. The fraction of our soldiers who are
farmers, and actually want homes on the pub-
lie domain, can have them now, under the
homestead law; and under the House bill
before referred to, which will doubtless pass
the Senate, the soldier can have a homo on the
lands of the Government without money and
without price. Probably a small portion only
of our soldiers and seamen desire to go out
and settle on the public domain ; but those of
them who do would seek title under the home-
stead lav/, since a gift of lands under that would
be just as good as a gift under a law providing
the same thing under the name of bounty,
while the certificates of indebtedness would
of course be used in the purchase of other and
additional lands, to be held for some indefi-
nite time for a rise in the price. Vi ho does
not see that this would bo the exact operation
of this measure? The lands taken under it
would be withheld from settlement and tillage,
for the palpable reason that no man would buy
them when just such lands could be had free
of cost. To argue otherwise is first rate non-
sense. The quantity of land which would thus
be locked up from the landless and laboring
poor of the country is given in the following
official letter from Secretary Stanton, in April
last, in answer to an inquiry addressed to him by
myself:
"In eomp'iancc with the request of t.bo chairman
o f the Commi ttee on the Public Lands of the House of
Representatives, for a statement of the .amount of
public land necessary to meet the lequirements oi
the. proposed bill, (H. E. No. 940,) 'to equalize the
bounties of soldiers, sailors, and marines who served
intho late war for the Union/ in tne event ox its
becoming a law, I have the honor to communicate a
report on the subject by the Paymaster General ot
the Army, dated the 2d instant.as follows:
"111 a communication from this office to the beeic-
tary of War, and dated March 31,1866, will be found
acarefuHy-preparedestimafcoofthe amount ot money
required to pay the bounties under a bill then i>end-
in(? in the Senate introduced by the chairman of the
Military Committee.
"That 1'il f was substantially the same in its terms as
this House biil No. UiO, except as to the manner of
waking payment.
The ram estimated was ?2o3,691.100,
"In my letter of August 6, i860, addressed to General
Vincent, assistant adjutant general, will bo found
another carefully-prepared estimate, showing the
amount required to pay the.additional bounties pro-
vided by the law ot July aj, lSfi6.
" The sum estimated was &58(b34,oG0. . , . , ,
"Experience so far sives indication that this last
estimate is rather short than in cxccssoi tne exact
t''I'ji'laetiug this cost of the additional bounties from^
the amount of the first estimate tor oqua'.iratinn of
bounties, the remainder '■''■<■■■■ a pre ty close approx-
iroate er-fnn;ite of the luvlbet amount that wouiu be
roauiredunder thebiiliu question,namely : $195,OoG,-
800, which, in land aUl 25 per acre, wnl require one
hundred and fifiy-six mil1 ions forty-five thousand
four hundred and forty aero*. JSo note is ta*ccn
herein of the local bounties not paid by the united
SUie.s /or I have no means of ascertaining their
amount/'
The local bounties refeired to, could they
ever be ascertained, would somewhat, rcduce
this estimate, but the aggregate amount may
safely ba set down as not felling very much
below one hundred and fifty millions of acres.
This immense area, enough for an empire,
being equal in extent, to the thirteen original
colonies, save North Carolina and i'onns-yl-
vania, double the area of Great Britain and
Ireland, and nearly nineteen millions of acres
larger than the French empire, and consisting,
of coarse, of picked arable land, is to be with-
held from cultivation and productive wealth,
in order that the soldier, who needs his bounty
now in money may at some future time get it
in the price of his land, which is kept idle at
the nation's expense, and to the cruel wrong
of multitudes who long for homes. We con-
vert him into a land-jobber, and conspire with
him against the productive industry of the
country. We set aside the homestead law as
to more than one fourth of the tillable portion
of the public domain by excluding from it the
poor who would coin their labor into_national
wealth, extend the borders of our civilization,
and realize the blessings of independence. It
s said, I know, that we are not able to pay the
soldier his bounty in money, and that we have
nothing else but land with which to satisfy
him. This I deny. The nation is able to do
justice to its heroic defenders, and cannot hon-
orably plead poverty as an excuse. But if that
plea is to be accepted, then I reply that we are
still less able to dedicate to solitude from one
hundred to one hundred and fifty millions of
acres of land, which else might be carved up
into small homesteads, to be tilled by their
owners and made the basis of revenue and ot
national wealth. The country, with all its great
resources, is too poor thus to cut oil its sup-
plies by wholesale prostitution of its means
and its opportunities, and it could fax better
afford to pay the soldier a reasonable bounty
in money. Not one acre ot laud which any
poor man needs for cultivation should be de-
nied him in the interest of those who would
grasp it for mere speculation. A member ot
this jtlouse from Illinois informs me that 111 the
western border of that State George Peabody.
years ago, purchased thousands Oi acres or
■wild lands, which he holds to-day.
Settlers have established themselves around
these lands, built their houses, planted their
orchards, and created wealth, ihe grain and
Other products of their farms which are annu-
ally shipped to market on the railways made
necessary by the settlement ot the country, go to
make up the sum of our national wealth. These
settlers are every day adding to the value ol
Mr. Peabody'  lands, while other settlers, who
would long since have made them productive,
have been driven further West in search ot
homes. The Government thus entered into
partnership with Peabody in cheating our pio-
neer producers out ol the homes to which they
were entitled on these lands, and in staying
the industrial development of the West lor the
benefit of nobody in the world but a sing e
monopolist, whose home is on the other side
of the Atlantic. I do not brand George Pea-
body as a robber, for he is known as^ an hon-
orable, patriotic, and liberal man. ine Gov-
ernment of the United States licensed him to
do these things, as it has licensed other land
speculators, and has been itselt the plunderer
of its citizens and the practical foe of national
progress. Hut these evils are multiplied and
compounded by the bill 1 am now discussing,
for instead ol alow thousand of acres itgrasps
many millions, and although the owners are
multiplied the homeless poor of the country
a re equally excluded from this immense aiea
which the nation pledged to them by its pre-
emption and homestead laws.
Air Chairman, 1 have discussed this measure
on the supposition that the bounty it proposes
is to go to the soldier only, or his heirs, ana
that the certificates of indebtedness are aeve 
to be made assignable. I have thus given the
proposition its best possible face, ana have
shown, I think, the utter impolicy if not
vieiousuess of the project. I speak of cours
of the measure itself, and not of the motives
of it,? friends, which I doubt not are patriotic.
But the truth is that should it become a law,
the certificates of indebtedness would be made
