1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2947
"Question. What does the word 'ten' stand for?
"Answer. As it docs not relate to impeachment, I
decline to answer.
" Question. Is this dispatch in your handwriting?
[Dispatch exhibited.]
"Aimoer. As that docsnot relate to impeachment,
X decline to answer; as it does notrelate toanything
connected "with the purchase of a senatorial vote in
connection with impeachment, I decline to answer."
The dispatch was as follows:
May 16.1868.
To Jons S. C, Burt, St. Nicholas Hotel, JS'ew York:
Where is Washington? I will dine with Hancock
to-night or be at Fifth Avenue Hotel Sunday morn-
111?. Andy all right.
Answer. C. W. WOOLLEY.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Woolley you are now
required to answer the question.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The Speaker is engaged
in obeying the order of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. Yes, but I understand
that the Speaker has made a mistake in regard
to the questions, for refusing to answer which
the witness was put in prison. I do not under-
stand that those questious which have now
been read were included in the order under
which he was arrested. There were but two
questions, as I recollect, upon which the wit-
nsss was in contempt, and they followed each
other directly. I know that the questions
which have been read were included in the
report of the committee; but they are not,
as I understand it, those for refusing to answer
which the witness is in contempt.
The SPEAKER. The evidence as reported
by the committee—the questions and answers
just read by the Clerk—was what the Chair
supposed the witness at the bar desired should
again be read to him ; but, as it appears from
the remarks of the gentleman from Wisconsin
that the Chair piust have been incorrect in
that supposition, the Chair will now read the
resolution adopted by the House.
Mr. Woolley. I can state the questions
with the permission of the House, and I think
Manager Butler will agree with me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will read the
resolution. He can only receive the answer
according to the resolution of the House.
The resolution that was agreed to by the
House required the Speaker to propound to the
witness the following interrogatories :
1. What excuse have you for refusing to answer
before the managers of impeachment ot this House
in pursuance of the summons served on you for that
purpose ?
2. Are you now ready to appear belore said man-
agers and answer such proper questions as shall be
put to you by said managers of impeaenment:
The debate was quite voluminous, and at the
end of the discussion the resolution was again
read as follows:
Rebolved, That the Speaker of tho House again
propose to C. W. Woolley the question contained m
the resolution tliis day adopted, and that said Wool-
ley bo informed that the House requires definite and
explicit answers to the questions propounded, to be
made forthwith.
Upon the suggestion of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, if the House does not object, the
Chair will propound to the witness the ques-
tion which was based upon the evidence sub-
mitted by the managers, for him to say whether
he is ready to answer or whether he is not
ready to answer ; it is : "Are you now ready
to appear before said managers and answer
such proper questions as may be put to you
by said managers of impeachment?"
Mr. Woolley. I am, sir.
Mr. UPSON. I would inquire of the Chair
if that is a proper question to be put to the
witness? . ,
The SPEAKER. That has been pointed
out by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] as the proper question. The
gentleman will state whether he considers this
the proper question to submit.
Mr. BUTLER. I think it is.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is still
laboring under a mistake. I understand that
there are two specific questions that have been
propounded to the witness before the commit-
tee and which he has declined to answer. And
if the gentleman will listen to me, I think he
will agree that when I was making my re-
marks I put the question to him whether the
only questions in reference to which the witness
was in contempt were not the questions relat-
ing to the draft for $5,00-0.
Mr. BUTLER. Oh! no.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And the gentleman
answered me that the witness was in contempt
for that, and for the fact that he had repre-
sented to the committee that he was too sick
to appear before them, and had then gone to
New York and returned, thus imposing upon
the committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldbidge] objected to the Chair
reading to the witness the evidence reported
by the committee of investigation, and desired
the Chair to read to him the questions which
had been agreed on by the House. The Chair
finds, by reference to the Globe, that the fol-
lowing resolution was agreed to after discus-
sion :
"Resolved, That Charles W. Woolley, esq., of the
city of Cincinnati, Ohio, now in custody of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, on an attachment for a contempt
in refusing or neglecting obedience to the summons
requiring him to appear and testily before the com-
mittee of managers of the House, be now arraigned
at the bar of this House, and that the Speaker pro-
pound to him the following interrogntoucs:
"1. What excuse have you for refusing to answer
before the managers of impeachment of this IIouso,
in pursuance of tho summons served on you for that
purpose?
"2. Are you now ready to appear before said man-
agers and answer such proper questions as shall be
put to yon by said managers of impeachment?'
The questions were propounded to the wit-
ness, and he made answer in writing. After
the answer of the witness had been read to the
House by the Clerk the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Boutwkll] offered the follow-
ing resolution, which was adopted:
"Resolved, That tho Speaker of the House again
propose to C. W. Woolley the questions contained m
the resolution this day adopted, and that said Wool-
ley be informed that the House requires definite and
explicit answeis to the questions propounded to be
made forthwith."
The questions were again submitted to the
witness, and not having answered in a planner
satisfactory to the managers a resolution was
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Boutwell J ordering the witness under
arrest.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the Chair refer to
the resolution by which the witness was ordered
into confinement?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman refers to
a resolution offered and adopted on a subse-
quent day. The Clerk will read the preamble
and resolution subsequently offered.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas Charles W. Woolley has been brought
before the committee and the following questions
pioposed to him by the committee, to wit:
" Question. The committee desire to know whether
on the 6th of May you telegraphed over the signature
of Hooker' to Sheridan Shook. 'My business is ad-
justed. Place ten to my credit with Grilhss, Harney
& Co., No. 24 Broad street? '
"Question. Hid you also telegraph to Sheridan
Shook, over the signature of'Hooker,' on thel2thof
May, ' The five should be had. It may be absolutely
necessary?"'   .
which questions Woolley declined to answer, m the
the words following, to wit:
" This is aprivate andconfldential communication,
passing between counsel and client. It has reference
to business in that relation and to nothing else, and
has no reference whatever to the trial of the President
on the articles of impeachment preferred against him,
nor to the conduct or result of the trial, nor the vote
of any persons on the trial, nor any allusion thereto
whatever. That is my answer
and whereas Sheridan Shook, the party to whom
said supposed confidential and privileged communi-
cations are alleged to have been sent, has been
examined by your committee and testified as iol-
lows in regard to tho money mentioned in said
telegram:
"By Mr. Butler :
" Question. Do you know Charles W. Woolley?
"Answer. I do. .
" Question, How long nave you known him I
" Answer I do not think I have known him over a
Have you had business relations with
Very little, if anv. I do not know that
I ever had any transaction with him.
" Question. Did he deposit iu your hands last bun-
day night any sum of money?
" Answer. No. sir.
" QuesUon. Or during the day Sunday?
" Answer. No, sir.
" Question, liasheeverdeposited any sum of money
in your hands?
" Answer. I may have borrowed fifty or a hundred
dollars of him at a time; but he has placcd no sum
of money in my hands.
" Question. Have you seen him lately?
" Answer. X have not seen him since the Sunday of .
which youspeak;"
and whereas upon the same subject the said Wool-
ley has testified before your committee as follows:
[From the testimony of C.W. Woolley, May 19,1868.J
"By Mr. Butler:
"Question. Have you deposited any money, and
where, since that time, i. e., May 8?
"Answer. Not in any bank.
44 Question. Have you with any individual?
" Answer. No,sir.
" Question. Then why do yousay ' not in any bank?'
"Answer. Because it is not to my credit in any
bank.
•'By Mr. Wilson:
" Question. What do you mean by that answer?
"Answer. I mean to say that I have notputit ina
bank. I gave it to an individual who was owing me
in New York and told him ti keep that money until
1 arrived there.
"By Mr. Butler:
"Question. Who was that individual?
"Answer. Sheridan Shook.
" Question. How much money did you give Sheri-
dan Shook?
"Answer. I think between sixteen and sevontoen
thousand dollars, as near as I can get it.
" Question. In what?
"Answer. Greenbacks, I think.
"Question. What denomination of greenbacks?
"Answer. Big bills; I cannot tell you. There may
have been some $500 bills. I think in one package
I gave him some small bills.
" Question. When did you give this to Sheridan
Shook?
"Answer. Sunday.
"Question. At what time?
"Answer. In tkeafternoon; I cannot tell the hour.
"Question. Before or after you were summoned
here?
"Answer. Before, I think.
"Question. I'or whot purpose did you give it to
Sheridan Shook?
"Answer. Korsale keeping for me as an mdmduaJ.
Let me oorrcct mysoli there. 1 gave that money to
Shook to take over to New York to keep ior nip till
a day or two, wiicn I mtei.ded to go to .New iork.
Then iKinleavy came and asked mo to go West, and
I thought I had better go. I made up my mind to
go there instead of going to New York, and I let him
carry it along. , . „ _
" Question. Well, you gave it to him finally I t
"Answer. He kept it from the time I gavo it to
him.
" Question. Has ho got it now?
Anwcr. I Kuess so, unless he spent it. ^
" Question. Did you take any memorandum for it ?
"Answer. No, sir; I did not want it.
" Question. Supposing ho should have been killed c
"Answer. I would have taken my chance.
" Question. Did you go on with Sheridan Shook in
the same train ?
"Answer. Yos, sir.
" Question. What sort of a package was the money
in ?
''Answer. No package at all.
" Question. Did you fount, it? ^
"Answer* I do not recollect exactly. I kept what
I thought I would want myself, and gave him the
parcel. If I were to state clotely it was about six-
teen thousand one hundred dollars. It was not
$17,000, X am satisfied.
44 Question. Where did you get that money that you
sent by Sheridan Shook?
"Answer. That is a part of the money that came
out of the bank;" .
and wheitMS your committee believe the reason*
given by th e witness in declining to answer arc wholly
untrue and evasive, and the reiusal to answer is a
deliberate contempt of the authority of the House,
and done for the purpose of concealing the lact ana
embarrassing public justice: Therefore,
Resolved, That said Woolley, lor his repeated con-
tempt of tho authority of the Houso, bo kept until
otherwise ordered by the IIouso in close confinement
in the guard-room of the Capitol police, by tho
Sergeant-at-Arms, until said Woolley shall fully
answer tho questions above recited, and all ques-
tions put to him by said committee m relation to tho
subject of tho investigations with which tho commit-
tee is charged, and that meanwhilo no persons shall
communicate with said Woolley, in writing or ver-
bally, exccpt upon the order of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER, (to the witness at the bar
of the House.) Mr. Woolley, you have now
heard the resolutions of the _ House una tlio
report of the evidence as submitted by the com-
mittee. Are you now ready to testify beioie
the committee of investigation ami to make
answer to the questions which were put to
you by the committee, and for refusing to
answer which you are now in contempt of the
^Mr. Woolley. As ray client has testified
in regard to those questions, and as I take tins
to be the order of the House that F shall answer
them. I will do so.
