1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3971
question is whether we shall pay brigadier gen-
erals when we only want colonels.
The question was put on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 37, noes 20; no quorum
voting.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
LOGrAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 25,
not voting 89 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Arnell.Axtell, Bailey, Baker, Bald-
win, Banks, Beatty, Benton, Boles, Boyer, Brooks,
Benjamin J<\ Butler, lloderick li. Butler, Gary, Co-
bum, Covode, Cullom, Dcwecsc, Eckley, Eldridge,
Iferuya, Fields, (ietz, Glossbreuner, G-olladay.Ofrover,
Hamilton, Hawkins, Hinds, Hopkins, llulburd,
Hunter, Johnson. Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian,
ICcHey, Knott, Kooutz, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loan, Los?an, Lou^liridge, Mallory, Mar-
shall, McCarthy, MeClurg, McK.ee, Miller, Moore,
Moirell, Mullins, Mungen, Niblack, Orth, Perhain,
Peter?, Phelps,Pike,Plants,Pomeroy,Price,Robert-
son, lloss, Sawyer, Boolicld, Shanks, Smith, Stokes,
Tabor, T.iffe, Thomas. Lawrcuco S. Trimble. Upson,
Van Aornain, Burt Vnn Horn, Van Trump, Ward,
Cadwalnrier (j. "Washburn, Elihu B. Washburn c,
Henry 1). Washburn, William B. Washburn, and
John T. Wilson—84.
S—Messrs. Anderson, James M. Ashley,
Bromwell, Churchill, Oobb, Dixon, Parnsworth,
Griswold, Higby. Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard,
Marvin, Myers, O'Neill,Paine, Pile, Poland, Raum,
Sehcnek, Sitgre&ves, Spalding-, Stone, Trowbridge,
Twioholl, and Jnuies P. Wilson—23.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Archer. Dclos 11. Ashley, Barnes, Barnum, Beainan,
Bcck, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwcll,
Brooinall, Biioklantl, Burr, Cake, Chanler, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cornell, Dawes,
Delano, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Egglcston, Ela,
Eliot, Ferry. Pinnoy, Pox, French, Gartield, Gravely,
11,light, llalsey, Harding, Hill, Holman, Jlotchkiss,
Asahcl W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Tngcrftoll,  J cricket, Thomas L. Jones, Kulloy,
Ivcrr, Koteham, Kitehnn, Lofhn, Lincoln, Lynch,
Mayuard, McCormiek, McCullough, Mercur, Moor-
head, ^lorriascy, Noweoinb, Nicholson, Nunn, Pol-
sh-y, Pruyn. Randall, Robinson. Roots, Selyo, Phel-
labarger, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens,Thaddeus
Si evens, Stewart, Taylor, John Trimble, Van Auken,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wolker, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, Stephen P. Wilson,
Wmdom, Wood.Woodbridge, and Woodward—89.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to further amend the section by adding to it
the following:
That hereafter every officer in either of the staff
departments above named, except as herein pro-
vided for the chief thereoi, shall bo reduced one slop
in grade down to the grade of captain, and .shall
receive pay and allowances accordingly.
The chief of staff departments having been
reduced to the rank of colonel, this amend-
ment is to bring down one grade all the sub-
ordinate officers, until we get down to the
grade of captain, so ?is to rodnoo men hereto-
fore colonels to lieutenant colonels, men here-
tofore lieutenant colonels to majors, and men
heretofore majors to captains. I now yield to
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Faixe.]
Mr. PAINE. I have already stated my
opposition to the principle involved in this
amendment. But if some such amendment is
to be adopted, as 1 think will be the case, judg-
ing from the expression of opinion already
made by the House, I propose to offer an
amendment to the amendment which I think
will put the matter in abetter form ; and I hope
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] will accept it in lieu of the one he has
offered, I propose to amend the amendment
so that it will read as follows :
That from a.nd after the pn&sage of this act all offi-
cers of the staff departments of the Army shall have
the rank, pay, and emoluments of the cavalry grade
next below that tixed tor the office by the act entitled
"An act to increase and fix the military peace estab-
lishment of the United States," approved July 28,
18G6.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
accept the amendment of the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] in lieu of my amend-
ment, because it reduces captains to lieuten-
ants, going further than my amendment goes.
The bill proposes to leave in the quarter-
master's department six colonels, eleven lieu-
tenant colonels, fifteen majors, and forty-four
captains. Now, I propose that those six col-
onels shall come down to be lieutenant col-
onels: that the ten lieutenant colonels shall
come down to be majors j that the fifteen majors
shall come down to be captains, and that the
forty-four captains shall come down to be lieu-
tenants. I do not intend by any means to
retain all this swarm. I propose to offer an
amendment to the eleventh section, reducing
this force one half, which will be quite as much
as we had before the war.
Mr. GAHFIELD. I desire the gentleman
from Massachusetts to explain how his propo-
sition will operate in circumstances which I
will state. He proposes to reduce a brigadier
general to the rank of colonel; a colonel to
the rank of lieutenant colonel; a lieutenant
colonel to the rank of major; a major to the
rank of captain, &c. Suppose a major, for
instance, has just been put down from the rank
of lieutenant colonel, will he be the highest
major or the lowest major? To what extent
would previous service count in such a case ?
I do not understand how the matter of relative
rank would be regulated, this being an entirely
new question in military administration. If
the gentleman will explain how a lieutenant
colonel major and a major major—if 1 may use
that phraseology—would rank relatively to
each other, it may obviate some little difficulty
which I now see in his plan.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Far be it
from me, Mr. Speaker, to undertake to instruct
in military law the learned chairman of the
Committee 011 Military A Hairs ; but in order to
remove an argument which is made to the pre-
judice and not to the fact, 1 desire to say that
tho military law settles this whole matter. The
higher officer will have been longer in the
scrvice and will take rank in accordance with
his service.
Mr. GARFIELD. Not necessarily.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, if there Is
any difficulty in that respect I hupe the learned
chairman of t!  c Committee 011 Military Affairs,
when lie finds out what is the will of the House
011 this subject, will endeavor to relieve any
little difficulty of that sort. There will be ample
opportunity for examination and amendment;
and if there is any difficulty of that sort (which
I do not see) it can be obviated.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I send to the Clerk an
amendment which I offer on behalfof the com-
mittee, as a new section, to come in after section
six. 1 had intended to oiler it us section
eleven ; but in view of the action already taken
fey the House it will come in more properly
here.
The Clerk read as follows:
Insert the following as a now section •
Ami be >t fiti'fliT cuitrtc/. Tint, in addition to the
prospective reduction in tile stall ot the Army yio-
vided lor in section six of Ibe net, tho following re-
duction shall bo made in the number of officers in
the staff now authorised by law.
The number of assistant quartermasters general
with the rank of colonel phall bo reduced to five.
The number of deputy quartermasteis general with
the rank of lieutenant colonel shall be reduced to
eight. The number of quart ei masterswith the rank of
major shall bo reduced to twelve. Tbenumberof
assistant quartermasters with tho rank of captain
shall be 1 educed to thiity. The number ul coinmis-
sariesof subsistence with the rank of ma/ior siiatl be
reduced to six. The number of com missal ies of subsis-
tence with the rank of captain shall be reduced to
twelve. Tho numberof assistant paymasters general
slnill be reduced to one. The number of paymasters
shall be reduced to forty. The number of surgeons
with the rank of major shall be reduced to forty. The
number of assistant surgeons with tho rank of cap-
tain shall be seventy-five. That in the ordnance
department the number of colonels shall lie reduced
to two, of lieutenant enloncls to three, of majors to
seven, of captains to eighteen, of liist lieutenants to
fourteen, of second lieutenants to eight. Ami imme-
diately upon the passage of this act the Seei<e'aayof
War shall prepare lists of all the officers now in active
scrvicein eaehof the stall'corps in excess of the num-
ber in each grade authorized by the pro visions of this
section, said lists to be made in accordance wish the
provisions ofthe eighth and ninth sections of this act;
and all officers so placed on said lists shall be in like
maimer lelieved on half pay.
Mr. GARFIELD. I propose that we con-
sider this amendment by paragraphs.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
that course will bo pursued.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read the paragraph in regard to
the quartermaster's deparlment.
Mr. GARFIELD. The amendment I have
offered proposes to reduce to the number indi-
cated the various grades in the staff corps. ] n
the closing paragraph the mode of reduction
is provided, which is to tee the same as that
provided in section eight of the bill. If, when
wo come to that section, the House should see
fit to change that mode of reduction, the new
method would, of course, apply to this section,
also. So the question of the mode of reduc-
tion need not be discussed now. It can all be
covered in the disenssion ofthe eighth section.
In recommending a reduction of the staff
of the Army, the committee took into consid-
eration how many officers there were in each
corps before the war, when we had an Army of
ten or twelve thousand men; then the number
wo now have with an Army of forty-live thou-
sand men. From those two elements we havo
tried to determine what is the smallest number
consistent with the necessities of an Army
reduced as proposed in this bill, hi regard lo
the quartermaster's department, I will state
for the information of the House that there are
now in service seventy-seven officers in that
department. Before the war there were thirtv-
seven. The committee propose to reduce the
aggregate number to fifty-five, that being about
half way between the old Army before the war
and the Army as it now stands. The present
organization of tho department has six colo-
nels. We propose to reduce the number to
five. There are ten lieutenant colonels. We
propose t5 reduce the number to eight. There
are fifteen majors. We propose to reduce the
number to twelve. There are forty-five cap-
tains, and we propose to fix the number at
thirty. Then the quartermaster's department
will be about half way between what it was
before the war and what it is now, and as the
Army will be nearly throe times as large
according to the provisions of this bill, we
thought it only reasonable.
I will say to tho House one thing further,
and 1 feel it due to the committee that the"
statement should be made. The Secretary of
War having recommended an increase of sev-
eral of the stall' corps, wchavein our considera-
tion of this question not reduced some of them
as much as we reduce some others. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs received a letter a
few days ago asking that the present law re-
quiring the gradual reduction of tho quarter-
master's department shall be repealed. It is
asked that the officers in that department, shall
not be reduced; yet, sir, notwithstanding that
recommendation, the committee propose the
reduction here of one colonel, two lieutenant
colonels, tlnee majors, and fifteen captains. I
trust the House will consent to 110 further re-
duction. It is very easy to denounce the Army
and to commend retrenchment, and to be able
to recommend a measure which will lighten
the burdens of taxation is always a pleasant
task for a Representative. I trust we shall
not let that desire lead us to injure the noble
Army which has been in great part created out
of the precious materials of the great volunteer
Army which saved the nation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 move
to amend so that the whole number of officers
serving in the above-named staff department
shall be reduced one half, and the other officers
to be retained shall be designated by the Gen-
eral of the Army. I will not now dis>cuss this
question of how to reduce—that will come up
in another section.. We have, or shall have,
in our Army now about twenty-eight thousand
men. We have of cavalry, as estimated by
the Secretary of War, five thousand four hun-
dred andfifty-Iivemen ; of artillery, three thou-
sand four hundred and eighty-one men, and
twenty thousand six hundred and thirty-one
infantry. That is the way it will stand 011 the
1st of January.
Mr. GARFIELD- That is what it will be
under the present,law.
M. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand that well enough. I kn ow what I am saying.
My friend from Missouri [Mr. Pile] says offi-
cers are being so reduced by drunkenness and
misconductth.it if we do not. pass any bill they
