2948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jimfe 8,
The Sergeant-at-Arms then took the witness
in charge and removed him from the bar of
the House.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Lesve of absence was granted to Mr. Ar-
'nell for ten days, and to Mr. Kerr for one
week.
ORDER FOR A RECESS TO-DAY.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that when the
House again resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole upon the internal tax hill, the Com-
mittee of the Whole shall immediately take a
recess until half past seven to-night.
The motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL TAX BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules he
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and resume the consideration of the
internal tax bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Pomeroy in the chair.) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 10t>0) to reduce into one act and
to amend the laws relating to internal taxes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of the
Whole, in pursuance of the order of the House,
will now take a recess until half past seven
o'clock to-night.
The committee accordingly (at four o'clock
and forty minutes p. m.) took a recess until
half past seven o'clock p. m.
^ EVENING- SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.? and was called to order by the
Speaker.
INTERNAL TAX BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and resume the consideration of
the internal tax bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the Wrhole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Allison in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 10G0) to reduce into one act and
to amend the laws relating to internal taxes.
The pending section was section fifty-three,
which had been amended to read as follows:
Sec. 53. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue is hereby authorized,
on appeal to him made within fifteen months irom
the date of assessment thereof, to remit all taxes
erroneously or illegally assessed, and to refund by
requisition on the Treasury all taxes erroneously or
illegally collected; such power to remit and refund
to extend to moneys assessed or collected as penal
tax in eases where an assessor or assistant assessor
has or shall have added such penal tax to the assess-
ment, and the Commissioner shall be of opinion that
this addition was improper. The Commissioner shall
also have power, upon such appeal being made to
him as aforesaid, to icfund in like manner all lines
or penalties collected without authority, or collected
in cases where the tax shall have been refunded
under the power herein given: Provided, That where
a sceond assessment has been or may hereafter be
made in case of a return which, in the opinion of the
assessor or assistant assessor, was fraudulent, or con-
tained any understatement or undervaluation, such
assessment shall not be remitted, nor shall taxes
collected under such assessment be recovered or
refunded, unless it is proved that said return was not
fraudulent; and if such proof shall be furnished, the
sum remitted or refunded shall not include the
amount, if any, which should have been collected,
had there been no understatement^undervaluation.
The eiicuit and district courts of the United States
shall have jurisdiction in all cases at laworin equity
arising undei theinternalrevenuelaws. Butnosuit
?hall be maintained in any court for the recoveiy of
any tax alleged to have been erroneously or illegally
collected, until such appeal shall have been duly
made to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue and
a decision of said Commissioner had thereon, and no
rueh suit shnll be maintained in any court unless
brought within six months Irom the time of such
decision; but if the decision shall be delayed more
than six months from the date of appeal, then suit
may be brought at any rime within twelve months
irom the date of such appeal. No suit commenced
after March 2,1867, foi the purpose of restraining the
assessment or collection of tax shall be maintained
m any court.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Holsian" to add at the end of the
section the words, "except in the courts of
the United States."
The CHAIRMAN. Unless there is objection
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman"] will be regarded as rejected.
There was no objection.
Mr. MILLER,. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the section the following:
Unless sufficient security be given, to be approved
by the court, for the payment of suuh tax as shall be
found justly due.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that this
amendment will remedy the difficulties which
have been referred to by several gentlemen in
this debate, and that it should be agreed to.
Such a provision would make the Government
perfectly secure. If a man complains that he
is overtaxed, let him give sufficient security to
indemnify the Government for the recovery of
the amount of tax which may ultimately be
found due. Now, this section as it stands is a
very extraordinary one.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman yield
to me that I may make a suggestion ?
Mr. MILLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that my
amendment, pending when the committee rose
this afternoon, giving the Federal courts juris-
diction of actions to restrain the levying of
taxes, has this evening been declared rejected.
I desire to suggest to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, that a propo-
sition of so much importance ought not to be
voted on in so slim a committee. I trust,
therefore, that by unanimous consent that
proposition may be regarded as still pending.
All I ask is a fair vote in a full committee.
When I came into the House this evening, it
was barely time for the committee to com-
mence its session, yet 1 understood that my
amendment had been voted on and rejected.
Mr. MILLER. I ask the gentleman whether
the amendment I have offered will not accom-
plish his purpose. It proposes to allow the
Federal courts to restrain the levying of taxes
in case sufficient security be given for the pay-
ment of the amount of tax which maybe found
to be justly due.
Mr. HOLMAN. Of course no restraining
order could be made except upon proper
security.
Mr. MILLER. But this provides that the
security shall be ample. Sometimes, as the
gentleman knows, " straw bail" is put in.
It was suggested by the gentleman from
Tennessee [Air. JIayjtard] that an amend-
ment of this kind is unnecessary, because the
bill contains a provision that if taxes are
wrongfully paid they may be recovered back.
But how would it be in cases which I have
known, where they have assessed taxes double
what were justly due, and sold the property for
one fourth of its value. Then, according to
the provision of this bill, the remedy the per-
son would have would be to collect back the
money which the property sold for. The
object of this amendment is, if the assessment
is deemed to be wrong, that the person shall
give ample security to pay if the case be
adjudged against him. if that is done they
will try how much is justly due. and there is
no danger of the Government losing anything.
Gentlemen would hardly say it was right that
property worth $20,000 should be sold at a
forced sale for §2,000 or $4,000, and that
should be all the party could recover. 1 hope
the House will adopt the amendment. It can j
do no harm, and will save a great deal of
trouble and litigation.
Mr. SCHENCK rose.
Mr. JENCKES. I wish to say a word.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
from Rhode Island.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the gentleman's
farming out the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I merely give up the floor
to the gentleman.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
The chairman of the committee thought proper
to have rejected a proposition which he deemed
of sufficient importance to discuss it, and before
there were three, certainly not five, members
in the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not know it was
rejected, and knew nothing about it until it was
disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Pomeroy in the
chair.) The gentleman will state his point.
Mr. HOLMAN. There was manifestly no
quorum present for the transaction of business,
but I will not press the point of order.
Mr. JEN CKES. What is the question before
the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Miller.]
Mr. JENCKES. Is that an amendment to
the amendmentof the gentleman from Indiana ?
The CHAIRMAN. No; it is to the section.
Mr. JENCKES. What has become of the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana 1
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairunderstands
it was rejected.
Mr. ALLISON. I will explain. I was ia
the chair at the time. When the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union was
called to order that amendment was pending,
and the Chair stated if there was no objection
the amendment would be considered as re-
jected. The gentleman from Indiana was not
in his seat.
Mr. HOLMAN. How many were here?
Mr. MAYNARD. I must object.
The CHAIRMAN. The chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. JENCKES. The amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania amounts to the
same thing as the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana. I presume the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana may be renewed,
as it was declared to be rejected in an informal
proceeding. Each of these amendments is
based upon a principle which ought not to be
recognized in any revenue law of the United
States. They are based upon this idea that
any person upon whom a tax is assessed under
the law, in conformity with the provisions of
the law as interpreted by the officers of the
Treasury, may go into court and ask for an
injunction against the assessment and collec-
tion of that tax for any reason they raav choose,
and as any one will see there may "be many
reasons. Some may say that the law is uncon-
stitutional, and others that the law is construed
improperly by the officers of the Treasury.
These may sub-divide themselves into many.
Mr. Chairman, all those objections should"be
removed in the law itself. This idea of obtain-
ing injunctions against the collection of taxes
has obtained but a small foothold in the courts
of the country. The district courts of some
States have entertained suits based upon that
principle, and mainly in the class of cases
known as tax suits, suits to set aside tax titles
under the revenue laws of the United States
passed four or five years ago. The judges of
courts of the United States followed those false
lights. And I donbt if at the present day there
can be found any considerable number of
judges,either in the courts of the United States
or in the courts of the several States, who
believe they have or can exercise any proper
jurisdiction to stay suits for the collection of
taxes; and upon the principle which every
lawyer will recognize and which the couris
have declared whenever they have found occa-
sion to do it, that the parly who is aggrieved by
a wrongful assessment has a perfect remedy at
law. All that he has to do is to pav his tax
under protest and sue the collector.
Mr. MILLER. Suppose they sell the pn>p-
erty for one quarter its value by an assessment
of three titr.es the amount of the tax due ; what
remedy is there then '!
Mr. JENCKES. The case cannot arise
except by the willfulness of the party assessed.
Ln6 property cannot be assessed for one quar-
ter its value—not more than one hundredth,
under the law—and if the party cannot raise
that sum, and does not pay it under protest,
