1808.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
40th Cong.... 2d Sess.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Swiizler.
Ho. of Reps.
through which tbe trade in land will be lively
for a good while to come. There will be ways
enough left to buy land without the obligation
to live upon and cultivate it after the bill I
reported to this House some months ago to
prohibit further land speculation shall have
become a law. In no eventwould the price of
these certificates give the soldier the bounty he
is entitled to ask; bat if it would, the injury
which this policy would inflict upon the coun-
try, as I have already shown, utterly forbids its
adoption. The soldier, if he understands this,
will not ask it, and the nation has no right to
entail upon itself a great and irreparable wrong
in order to prevent a minor one, which it may
remedy in another way, if any present remedy
is indispensable. The best friend of the na-
tion' s patriotic defenders is the friend of justice
and the public welfare ; and the men who were
unselfish enough to offer their lives as a sacri-
fice for these will never ask the representa-
tives of the people to trample them under foot.
Missouri Contested Election.
SPEECH OF HON. W. F. SWITZLER,
of missouri,
In the House of Repkesentatives,
July 16, 1868.
The House having under consideration the con-
tested-election ease of Switzler vs. Anderson, from
the ninth congressional district of Missouri—
Mr. SWITZLER (the contestant) said:
Mr. Speaker : I had hoped the character of
this discussion would have been such as to
justify me, in view of my duty to myself and
responsibility to the country, in refraining from
all participation in it. Elected, sir, tothepresent
Congress over the sitting member by more than
a thousand majority, defeating him not only in
the county of Callaway, bat in the county of
Pike, where he resides, by several hundred
majority, and largely in other counties of the
district, and my right to a seat here strongly
affirmed by the almost unanimous report of
your committee more than three months ago,
yet in the face of these facts the sitting member
has occupied my place in this Hall, misrepre-
senting the people of the ninth district, until
near the close of the term for which I was
elected. It cannot, therefore, be surprising, Mr.
Speaker, that I am weary, weary of this long
contest; and reluctantly protract it a single
moment by any act or word of mine.
The fact is, I had no desire whatever to
trespass upon the courtesy of this House, and
1 resolved not to do so except in one contin-
gency, which I regret to say has already arisen,
namelv, that the gentleman from the eighth
Missouri district, [Mr. Benjamin,] who acted
as counsel for the sitting member before the
committee, realizing here as he did there that
his client has no case in the record, conceived
it his duty on this floor to manufacture one
outside of the record. This he has done by a
new issue suddenly and without notice sprung
upon me and upon the country, one about
which the committee, under the pleadings in
the case and the act of Congress, could legally
hear no legal evidence.
READY TO MEET THE ISSUE.
I rise, Mr. Speaker, to meet this new issue:
the issue of my personal disloyalty, unjust as
it is to me and foreign as it is to the merits
of this contest; an issue made here for the
reason that the record of this case does not
present a single fact or principle of law to jus-
tify the usurpation by which Mr, Anderson
occupies a seat in this Hall; an issue which he
at no time or place made during the canvass
before the people, nor dared to make accord-
ing to law in his answer to my notice of con-
test.
a question asked.
Sir, if at any time during the rebellion, in
the numberless speeches I made to the people
in behalf of the Union and to raise troops to
defend it, or in any one of tbe thousands of my
public writings or personal or official acts, I
proved myself a rebel and traitor to my Govern-
ment; if at any period of this long and bloody
strife I proved myself disloyal to the Constitu-
tion and the Union, why is it, sir, why is it that
the sitting member did not arraign me on that
charge during the canvass in our joint discus-
sions before the people, or tender that issue
according to law in the record of this case?
Then I would have had notice of it and been
fully prepared to disprove and disgrace it.
But, no, sir; the canvass before the people
was entered upon and completed, the gentle-
man and myself often addressing the same
audience irom the same stand, and not a syl-
lable or an insinuation escaped his lips in
regard to my disloyalty. On the contrary, in
this very county of Callaway, about whose vote
his counsel has said so much and knows so
little, the sitting member sought to prejudice
me, in a speech, by reminding the people that
for more than a year during the war I was one
of "Abe Lincoln's provost marshals, and the
very man who enrolled them and their negroes
for the draft." More than this, after the elec-
tion was over and the official returns proved
that the gentleman was defeated by over one
thousand majority, and after I gave him notice
that I would appeal for justice to this House,
in which his political friends have an over-
whelming majority, he uttered not a word ixi
his answer and elicited not a fact in his evi-
dence on the subject of my being a rebel.
MR. ANDERSON CONCEDES THE LOYALTY OF CONTESTANT.
Not only this, sir, but at the time we were
jointly taking evidence preliminary to this
contest in my own county, the county of Boone,
and while we were before the court, I called
the gentleman's attention to the fact that I had
summoned witnesses to establish my consistent
and persistent loyalty to the Union during the
rebellion ; stating to him, that although there
was no such question in the record, if I had to
meet that question here, I would swear those
witnesses. The gentleman assured me that
there was no such question in the case, and
that it would not be raised on the trial of this
contest before the House; and hence, although
some of the witnesses were in the court-house
at the time, I dismissed them upon the assur-
ance that sueh an issue would not be made
before this House. This the gentleman will
not deny.
Moreover, he stated to the committee itself
he had no charge of disloyalty to make against
me. Yesterday the chairman of the commit-
tee [Mr. Dawes] in addressing the House said :
"The sitting member has made no char?o in the
jiapeis against the lo>aUy of this contestant,
took not a particle of testimony touching the loyalty
of this contestant, lie was heard before the com-
mittee at length, and at las pleasure, and at the end
in response to the inquiry of the committee ho stated
he had no charge to rnako against the loyalty of this
contestant."
yet it is trumped iip now.
Now, sir, this gentleman has gone before a
committee of his own political party, where he
was fully heard by his counsel, and an almost
unanimous decision has been given by that
committee against his right to a seat on this
floor. And. now, upon the trial of this case
here, with my personal and my official records,
with my speeches, editorials, and the files of
my newspaper, fifteen hundred miles distant, I
am called upon suddenly and without notice to
answer the charge of disloyalty!
Sir, I complain, and have aright to complain,
that a charge so disreputable to me or to any
other loyal citizen of the Government should
be presented under such circumstances.
MR. BENJAMIN INCOBATI.VG A SPEECH.
The counsel for the sitting member has been
himself incubating for the last three months
the remarkable speech which he read to this
House yesterday and to-day. Having heard
of the speech and of its object, I called upoa
its author at his lodgings in this city and stated
to him I was informed he had in type at the
Congressional Globe office a speech on this
new and irrelevant issue, to be read to the
House when the ease was called for consider-
ation, I suggested that as no such issue was
in the record it was but justice to me that he
furnish me a copy of his indictment, that I
might be the better prepared tp meet so unex-
pected an assault.
He refused to give me a copy of it, stating at
the time 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let me say a word right
here.
Mr. SWITZLER. The gentleman will keep
just as cool as the temperature will permit.
Tbe SPEAKER. Does the contestant yield
to the memberfrom Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin?]
Mr. SWITZLER. I do not yield. I will
say that the gentleman at the same time that
he refused me a copy of this speech which he
had been hatching i'or three months, purported
verbally to give me what the charges were that
he would make against me, promising that a
copy of the speech would finally be furnished
to me. It has been furnished to me at the
same instant of time that it has been furnished
to this House and to the country.
But my friend, the sitting member, sadly
beleagured, is nowpassing through "the heated
term," and is to-day seeking to buffet the
waves of a terrible storm ; and it is therefore
not surprising that he and his counsel are per-
fectly willing to accept safe anchorage in any
harbor, no difference where, no difference what.
Sir, I affect no contempt for the honor of a
seat in Congress, especially as the Represent-
ative of so noble a constituency as mine, nor
do I pretend to be unmoved by a generous
ambition to achieve that great distinction, yet,
be the consequences to me personally or polit-
ically what they may, no gentleman here or
elsewhere, in Congress or out of Congress,
shall with impunity assail my loyalty or the
loyalty of my constituents to the Constitution
and the Union.
THE WAR CARRIED INTO THE ENEMY'S COUNTRY.
During the bloody and fratricidal war from
which our country is but too slowly emerging,
I suffered and sacrificed too much for the brave
old flag of the Republic and to overthrow the
rebellion now to allow political partisans, es-
pecially for the purpose of foisting themselves
upon an unwilling people, to misrepresent my
opinions and conduct; and if in meeting this
new issue and confronting this sudden assault
I s'hall deem myself provoked to carry the war
into the enemy's country, and to strip the
lion's skin of superlative loyalty not only from
the limbs of the sitting member, but from his
counsel, by the most extraordinary exposure
that was ever made in Congress of the unen-
viable record of any public man, let the gen-
tlemen remember that this is an issue not of
my seeking or provoking, nor shall it be one
of my avoiding.
Before it is concluded, if I do not mistake
the power of truth over this House and the
country, these gentlemen will realize that there
are blows to receive as well as blows to give ;
and that as long as they shall have here a
habitation and a name or the memory of the
indiscretions of this day survive them they
will be pointed to as monuments of the truth
of the old maxim, that those who live in glass
houses should not throw stones.
PROVINCE or THE HOUSE.
Mr. Speaker, if I do not mistake the func-
tions of this House, calledatthistime to judge
of the election, return, and qualifications of
one of its members, it is here to decide a
| question of law and of fact, and that only.
Certainly I do not undertand that it is trans-
formed into a body of electors, Democratic and
Republican, assembled at the polls in the
ninth congressional district of Missouri to de-
