1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3973
Cumberland under Sherman, of the Tennessee
under Thomas, of the James and of the Poto-
mac under Grant. Now, let us see if I do the
regular Army injustice, for 1 would not do it
for the world. I knew a great many brave and
gallant officers in the regular Army—many com-
manding volunteers also—and there were a
great many that—I will not say anything about.
The first regiment of regular infautry fought
their last battle during the rebellion on the 4th
of July, 18C3, and was not any more in active
service in that war. The second regiment
fought their last battle in the war on the 12th
and 14th of May, 1864, and saw no more active
service. The third regiment fought their last
battle in the war on the 2d and 3d of July, 1863,
and saw no more active servicjo. The fourth
regiment fought their last battle in the war on
the 17th and 20th of June, 1864, and saw no
more active service. The fifth regiment of
regular infantry fought their last battle in the
war on the 15th of April, 1862. The sixth
regiment fought their last battle on the 2d and
3d of July, 1803, and saw no more active ser-
vice. The seventh regiment fought their last
battle in the war on the 2d and 3d of July, 1863.
The eighth regiment fought their last battle in
the war on the 9th of August, 1802, at Cedar
mountain. The ninth regiment was stationed
on the Pacific coast, during the rebellion, and
saw no active service at all so far as the rebel-
lion was concerned. The tenth regiment of
regular infantry fought their last battle in the war
on the 1st of October, 18G4, and saw no more
active service. The eleventh regiment fought
their last battle on the 18t.h and 21st of August,
18(>4. The twelfth regiment fought their last
battle on the the 1st of October, 1864. The
thirteenth regiment, fought their last battle in
the war on the 24 th and 25 th of November, 1864.
The fourteenth regiment fought their last battle
in the war on the 19th and 21st of August. 1864.
The fifteenth and sixteenth regiments fought
their last battles on the lstof September, 1864.
The seventeenth regiment fought its last
battle oil the 18th and 21st of August, 1864.
The eighteenth regiment fought their last bat-
tle on the 1st of September, 1864. The nine-
teenth regiment fought their last battle in
the month of August, 1864. The twentieth
regiment fought t'.:eir last battle on the 18th
and 21st of August, 1804. The twenty-first
regiment fought their last battle on the 1st of
October, 1804. The twenty-second regiment
fought their last battle in the war on the 24th
and 25th of November, 1863. The twenty-
third regiment fought their last battle on the
19th and 21st of August, 1864. The twenty-
fourth regiment fought their last battle on the
1st of September, 1864. The twenty-fifth
regiment fought their last battle on the 1st of
September, 1804. The twenty-sixth regiment
fought their ;„st battle in the war on the 21st
of August, 1864.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKEK. Thegentleman'stimehas
expired.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very
well; it is the same with the rest of the regi-
ments.
Mr. GARFIELD. I confess myself unable
to understand the operation of the mind of
any raati who sees in almost every proposition
that other men offer something that warrants
him in calling it a " cat under the meal." I
liave not been accustomed so to look at life and
business and the doings of my fellow-men. I
take it for granted generally, when a commit-
tee of the House of Representatives proposes
a bill, that the committee consists of honorable
men who bring us no "eats under the meal;"
and therefore it never occurs to me to hunt
for them.
I felt that the Committee on Military Affairs,
in bringing in a proposition to reduce the staff
department of the Army by dispensing with
one hundred and ten men now in service, were
doing a thing which would commend itself as
a measure of economy—of severe retrench-
ment. But the gentleman from Massachusetts
thinks this low and poor and mean as a meas-
ure of retrenchment. He discovers in the
proposition "cats" and "meal" in any num-
bers and any quantities ; and in order to show
that the persons legislated about in this bill are
men not very worthy of the consideration of
this Congress or of the country, ho undertakes
to tell when the several regiments went out of
active service in the late war. And how does
he ascertain it? Why, he opens the Army
Register, containing a little biief of the battles
in which each regiment participated, and when
he discovers the date of the last great battle
they fought—for only the great battles are
named—he indicates that as the period when
that regiment ecased to do any worthy or hon-
orable service. This treatment of the Army
is no more just than it would be for me to'raise
the question when any honorable gentleman
here fought his last battle of the war, and then
say that that should be considered the time
wh>'n he ceased to do honorable and merito-
rious service for the country. Sir, itcannotbe
considered just reasoning to say that the last
great battle in which any regiment happened to
be mentioned was the date at which it went
out of the Army or out of honorable and active
service in the late war.
Now, here is another specimen of the " cat-
in-the-meal" argument in which the gentle-
man deals. He says the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs propose to reduce the staff about
one per cent, in the higher grades, and about
twelve per cent, in the very lowest grades.
Ho wants the committee and the House to
strike the Army at the top. He has great
sympathy for ali but those whom the country
has honored by placing them in important sta-
tions of trust and responsibility.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to say that in
his own propositions offered during the con-
sideration of this bill, the gentleman does not
ask us to act thus in regard to the two highest
officers of the Army; but only after we eet
below those in high political positions does lie
propose to strike down the Anny.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is it not
true, as I have said, that your bill would turn
out all the volunteer officers ?
Mr. GABKIISLD. By no means.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will you
explain why not?
Mr. GARFIELD. Let me notice, in the first
place, the remark of the gentleman that the
bill would strike off one per cent, of the higher
grades and twelve per cent, of the lower. In
the case of the head of a Department, con-
sisting of a single officer, how can you make
a reduction unless it be a reduction of one hun-
dred per cent. How can you reduce the num-
ber of colonels in a given department when
there are only two, unless you make a reduc-
tion of fifty per cent. This is an answer to all
that argument, if it be an argument at all.
We havo proposed, Mr. Speaker, a reduc-
tion which I am very sure every man who has
ever held the position of Secretary of War will
say is the very extreme of reduction which the
interests of tlie service will allow. Wo propose
to reduce the staff corps by one hundred and
ten officers ; and all those are officers who by
reason of their long service in their respective
positions are in a great degree indispensable to
the administration of the Army. Yet the gen-
tleman proposes by the simple rule of division
to make a reduction of one half.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call
attention to the fact that the gentleman has not
answered my question as to the volunteer
officers.
On the substitute of Mr. Butler, of Massa-
chusetts, for the a,mendment offered by Mr.
Garfield, there were—ayes 35, noes 36 ; no
quorum voting.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 66, nays 54; not voting
78 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs, Ames, Arnell, Axtell, Bailey,
Baker, Banks, Beatty, Benton, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick K. Butler, Gary, Sidney Clarke, Coburn.
Cook. Covode, Cullom, Delano, Dewoese, Donnelly,
Ela, Eldridfye, Pert'iss. Fields. Getz. Glossbrenncr,
Golladay. Grovcr, Hinds. Hopkins. Hulburrt." Hun-
ter, Johnson, Judd, Julian, Kclsey, Kitohen, Koontz,
William Laurence, Loan, Logan, Lonsbridtre, Mar-
shall, McKeo. Mullms, Niblack, Orfh, Pcrham,
Plants, Boots, Ross, Scoiield, Shanks, Smith, Thnd-
deus Stevens, Stokes, Inffo, Thomas, Lawrence S.
Trimble. Van Aornam, Burt Van llurn.Van Trump,
Henry 1). Washburn. Welker. William Williams,
John T. Wilson, and Windom—66.
NAYS—M essrs. Adams, Anderson. DelosR. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Benjamin, Blair, Boles,
Bromwell, Churchill. Cobb. Dawes, Dixon. Drifres.
Eckley, Eliot, Karnswortli. French, Garfield, Griswold,
Higby, Hooper, Chester 3). Hubbard. Alexander II.
Jones, Thomas L. Jones. Ketcham, George V. Law-
rence, Mallory, Marvin,Maynard, McCarthy, Miller,
Moore, Morrell, Mungen, O'Neill, Paine. Peters,
Pliclps, Pile. Poland, Pomeroy, Kaum, Sehcnck,
Spaldinff, Starkweather, Stone. Tuber. Twieholi,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Elihn B. Wnshburne
William B. Washburn, and James F. Wilson—54.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Barnes,
Barnum, Boainan, Beck, Bingham, Blaine, Bout-
well, Boyer, Brooks, Broomatl, Bnokland, Burr,
Cake. Chanier, Reader YV. Clarke. Cornell, Dodso,
Egglescon, Ferry, Finney, Fox, Gravely, Haight,
Halacy, Hamilton,Harding:,Hawkins, Hill, Ilolman,
Hotehkiss, Asahei W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Humphrey, Inficrsoll, Jenekes, Kelley, Kerr,
Knott. Latlui. Lincoln, Lynch,McUluig, McCormick,
McCullough, Merour, .Mooihead, Monissey, Myers,
Newcoinb. Nicholson. Nunn, Pike, Polaley, Price,
Pruyn, Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Sawyer,Selye,
Shellabai'Kcr. Sitgreaves, Aaron F. Stevens, Stew-
art. Taylor, John Trimble, Trowbrid^o, Upson, Van
Auken, Van Wyck, Cadwalader 0. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—78.
So the substitute of Mr. Butler, of Massa-
chusetts, was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move the following as
an additional section:
And he it further enacted. That tile organization of
the Bureau ot' Military Justice shall hereafter con-
sist of one Judfxe Advocate General, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of a colonel: one Assistant
Judjyo Advocate General, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of a lieutenant, colonel, and cisrbt As-
sistant Judge Advocates General, with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of a major: and all promotions and
appointments hereafter mado in said bureau shall
bo in accordance with the provisions of this sectittn.
The amendment was agreed to.
enrolled bill and joint resolutions.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill and joint
resolutions of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. H07) for the relief of certain
Government contractors ;
Joint resolution (S. II. No. 81) placing cer-
tain troops of Missouri on an equal footing
with others as to bounties; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 107) in relation
to the Maquoketa river, in the State of Iowa.
military pba0i3 establishment—again,
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 7. And he it further enacted, That hereafter
the lino of the Army shall consist of thirty regiments
of infantry, seven regiments of cavalry, and four
regiments of artillery; said regiments to have the
same organization as now provided by law, except
as hereinafter provided,
Mr. GA.RFIELD. I move to add the fol-
lowing:
Provided, That three regiments of eolored infantry
and one regiment of colored cavalry, the officers for
such regiments to be sclectcd by seniority from offi-
cers of irifa-ntry and cavalry respectively now belong-
ing to tho regiments of colored troops, and not less
than two thirds of the officers and enlisted men of
the Veteran Reserve corps shall be retained in the
scrvice.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to say a word in
regard to that amendment. There were four
regiments in the infantry arm provided for in
the bill under which the Army was reorgan-
ized of persons who have been wounded in th©
scrvice. They constitute what are called the
Veteran Reserve corps. Every one of the
officers and men has some honorable scar re-
ceived in battle. It did not occur to the com-
mittee when the bili was first drafted tlint it
might sweep all of those men out, of the ser-
vice. We now propose that at least two^ thirds
of the officers and enlisted men of the Veteran
Reserve corps shall bg retained in the service.
That will allow only of the mustering out of
