1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
541
why, if he only wishes to extend the time for j[
the construction of this road and to save the
grant of lands heretofore made, ho docs not
include it in one short section. Why does he
provide thu: oti the completion of every twenty
miles patents shall be issued for the lands?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I can
answer the question. It is to carry the road
b\ WelMer City to Fort Dodge.
Mr. llOi'iUXS. That is the language of
the original law, which provides that on the
completion of any twenty miles of road the
company shall be entitled to a patent. The
drawer of this bill, in order to restrict the
company and to protect the interests of the
people, has provided in this act that this com-
pany shall construct not less than fifty miles
of road each year, and that unless they do that
they shall forfeit the grant. I have never seen
any bill before this House so restrictive in its
operations.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Will the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Hopkins] yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. HOPKINS. I will yield to the gentle-
man, as he introduced the bill originally.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his poiut of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My point
of order is that the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. HorKixsJ having refused to yield to me
it is not right for him to yield to anybody else.
[Great laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. !
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question involved in this appeal, and then prob-
ablythe gentleman will notpersistin his appeal.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Hopkins]
having reported the bill from the committee was
entitled to one hour for the purpose of debating
its provisions, if he saw fit to occupy it Hav-
ing used a portion of that time, he called the
previous question. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburne] desired to occupy the
floor, but the gentleman from Wisconsin de-
clined to yield to him for that purpose. He
afterward yielded to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Spalding.] The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Hubbard] requested the gentleman from
Wisconsin to yield to him, which he consented
to do. Thereupon the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washbubne] raised the point of order
that the gentleman having refused to yield to
him he had no right to yield to anybody else.
The Chair overruled the point of order, and the
gentleman from Illinois takes an appeal from
that decision. The question involved is whether
a gentleman, having declined to yield to one
member, is thereby precluded from yielding to
another. The decision of the Chair is that.no
gentleman is thus precluded. The question
now is: Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the House ?
Mr. SPALDING. Upon that question I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 136, nays none, not
voting, 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Anderson, Archer, Arnell,
Deios R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtelt, Bailey,
Baker, Baldwin, Barnes, Barnurn, Beaman, Beck,
Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell. Boyer,
Broinwell, Brooks, Broomall, Buekland, Burr, But-
ler, Cake, Gary, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Coburn, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, El a.
Eldridge, Eliot, F arnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fox, Gar-
field, Getz, Glossbrenner, Uolladay.Gravely, Grover,
Haight, Harding, Hawkins, Higby, Ilolman, Hopkins,
llotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard. Hulburd, Hunter,
Jngersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kclsey, Kerr. Kct-
cham. Kitchen, Knott, Koontz, Lailin, William Law-
rence, Loughridge, Mallory. Marshall, Marvin, May-
nard, McCarthy, McClurg, McCormick, Mereur, Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Morrcll, Morrissey, Mulling, Myers,
Newcomb, Niblack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Pcriiam, Peters, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Poland, Pom-
eroy, Price, Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Robertson, Ross,
Scofield, Selye, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Aaron F.
Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Taber, Taylor,
Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge Van
Aernam, Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Trump, Van Wyok, Ward, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
Welker, William Williams, Jauies F. Wilson. John
T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood, and
Woodward—13(5.
NAYS—0.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Banks,
Benjamin, Churohill, Cobb, Cook, Cornell, Covodo,
Oullum, Driggs, Eokley, Kggleston, Fields, Finney,
Griswold, llalsey. Hill, Hooper, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson,
Jones, lvelley, Gcorgo V. Lawrenco, Lincoln, Loan,
Logan, Lynch, MeCullough, Moore, Morgan, Mun-
gen, Nunu, Pile, Polsley.Robinaon, Sawyer, Schenck,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Starkweather, Thaddous
Stevens, Tafl'e, John Trimble, Twichell, Upson, Burt
1 VanHorn, William B. Washburn,Thomas Williams,
and Wood bridge—o2.
j So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over until to-morrow.
Mr. HOPKINS. I move that the bill be
printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
nickel five-cent pieces.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting the draft of a bill pre-
pared by the Director of the Mint, authorizing
the coinage of nickel live-cent pieces at the
branch mint of New Orleans, accompanied by
an explanatory letter from the Director; which,
with the accompanying paper, was referred to
the Committee on Coinage, Weights, and Meas-
ures, and ordered to be printed.
reconstruction.
i The House then resumed the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 409) additional and sup-
plementary to an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the more efficient government of the
rebel States," passed March 2, 1867, and the
acts supplementary thereto; upon which Mr.
Wood was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WOOD. I yield to the gentleman from
Delaware [Mr. Nicholson] for five minutes.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I rise not for the pur-
pose of discussing the bill under consideration
: any further than to call the attention of the
j Hou se and of the country to the remarkable
1 fulfillment of the apprehensions entertained by
the framers of the Constitution. This fulfill-
ment is exhibited in the present condition of
the country and the extraordinary powers
assumed by this Congress. Those men seem
to have been inspired for the duties they had
to perform and in the wise admonitions they
I have left to posterity. It was their opinion,
! and it has been frequently expressed, that the
dangers we had to apprehend for the liberties
: of our country were not from the executive or
the judicial departments of the Government,
but from the encroachments upon the Consti-
[ tution and the disregard of the liberties of the
1 people by the legislative department itself,
j; Believing that this bill and all previous legis-
i| lation upon the so-called reconstruction of the
j! southern States are unconstitutional, and not
j rightly within the power of Congress, I desire
j to have read a letter from one of those illus-
!j trious statesmen showing that they entertained
the opinion that the danger of this abuse of
■ i power was inherent in the legislative depart-
j| ment, and therefore most earnestly to be
I! guarded against. The Clerk will please read,
without further comment from me, a letter
from Gouverneur Morris to Timothy Pick-
ering, 1 Elliott's Debates, second edition,
pages 506-7.
The Clerk read as follows:
mobbisakia, December 22,1814.
My Deab Sib : What can a history of the Constitu-
tion avail toward interpreting its provisions? This
must be done by comparing the plain import of the
words With the general tenor and object of the in-
strument. That instrument was written by the fin-
gers which write this letter. Having rejected redun-
dant and equivocal terms, I believed it to be as clear
as our language would permit, excepting, neverthe-
less, a partof what relates to the judiciary. On tftat
subject conflicting opinions had been maintained
with so much professional astuteness that it became
necessary to select phrases which, expressing my
own notions, would not alarm others nor shock their
self-love; and to the best of my recollection this was
the only part whieh passed without cavil.
But, after all, what does it signify that men should
have a written constitution containing equivocal
provisions and limitations? The legislative lion will
not be entangled in the meshes of a logical n«t. Tho
Legislature will always make the power which it
wishes to exorcise, unless it be so organized as to
contain within itself the sufficient cheek. Attempts
to restrain it from outrage by other means will only
render it more outrageous. The idea of binding le-
gislators by oaths is puerile. Having sworn to exer-
cise tho powers granted, according to their truo
intent and meaning, they will, when they feel a
desire to go further, avoid tho *hauie, if not the guilt
of perjury, by swearing the true intent and meaning
to be, according to their comprehension, thnt which
suits their purpose. UOU VEltiN EUli. MORRIS.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, history will in
my judgment refer to this decade as a grand
epoch in the annals of this nation, and permit
me to say that the present moment is the crisis
i of that epoch. The cord which binds this
people together under one fundamental form
of government has been strained to it§ utmost
tension. But a little more pressure would bo
required to break that tie and involve us in
anarchy, revolution, and annihilation. The
events which have transpired within the last'
l'orty-eight hours are of themselves a justifica-
tion of this declaration. Since last Monday
morning what have we had presented to us?
In the tirst place, we have passed a bill to sub-
vert the time-honored organization of the
, Supreme Court of the United States, to lay
sacrilegious hands upon that department of the
I Government whieh the framers of our Consti-
tution designed to place above and beyond all
partisan influences, as shown by the tenure of
the judges composing that tribunal. Those
judges were guarantied their positions for life,
so that amid the mutations of party, amid the
violence and excitement which in this country
too often control legislation as well as public
| opinion, there should be at least one depart-
; ment of the Government upon which the sac-
! rilegious hands of partisan ambition should
never be placed. And that department of the
Government, from its original establishment
down to last Moilday, has been exempt from
these influences. Through all the changes of
:! public opinion, surging as it does in this coun-
II try from one extreme to another, the Supreme
i! Court has until the present time been left in its
11 entire independence to discharge its high duties
' without such contamination. Sir, by that bill
; we have established a principle which would
i enable us to require the concurrence of every
judge upon that bench for the decision of a
; constitutional- question, and by a little further
!j advance in carrying out the principle thus
j established Congress may decide that the
I Supreme Court cannot set aside any act of Con-
i gress upon the ground of unconstitutionality,
thus absorbing within our hands the judicial
as well as the legislative power.
But, sir, there are three othe* events which,
in my judgment, are equally important and
should equally attract the attention of the
American people. We have had introduced
here a proposition to degrade and disgrace one
of the most illustrious officers of the American
Army—a man whose prowess and daring 
Mr. SPALDING. I rise to a question of
order, and would inquire of the Chair whether
there is any particular bill under discussion?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Gar-
field.) The gentleman will state his point
of order.
Mr. SPALDING. My point is that the gen-
tleman should confine himselt to the subject
under discussion. The bill in regard to the
Supieme Court has been passed, and the bill
with reference to General Hancock is not now
before the House.
Mr. WOOD. I submit, Mr. Speaker, that
I am strictly in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. WOOD. I am discussing the proposi-
tion before the House, and the references which
I am making are necessary as introductory to
a consideration of that bill. I am stating four
events which have transpired in this country
since last Monday morning, and I intend to
include the introduction of this bill as one of
those events whieh should arouse the whole
American people to the imminent danger whieh
is upon them.
