426
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 16_,
Ho. oi? Eeps.
Missouri Contested Elections—Mr. Switzler.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
clare through the ballot-box their party prefer-
ences, or to attest their adherence to party plat-
forms by voting for the candidate who is the
representative of a particular mode of recon-
struction by Congress, by the President, or by
neither, or of a particular measure of national
finance,- rule of suffrage, or foreign policy.
The members of this House are not here, as I
understand, to decide at this time whether the
political party views of the sitting member or
of the contestant are orthodox or heterodox ;
for if this were the province of this House,
the sacred right of representation and of free
elections by the jjeople were a delusion and a
farce. Recognizing the right of a free people
to be represented in this Hall by the man of
their choice, your Committee of Elections
has been appointed, and you consider of their
report, not certainly to decide whom a majority
of this House prefer, but to ascertain and de-
clare whom the people themselves have chosen.
To this end, therefore, this is not a partisan
body. It is a court of law ordained by the
Constitution ; a court above the transitory and
ever-changing platforms of political parties,
and secure on the higher and ever-enduring
plane of constitutional government, in which
the voice of the people is the supreme law.
The right of representation, the right of the
people to choose their own rulers, underlies
civil government on this continent. But for
this right, no member of this House is secure
in his seat. Planting myself on that right to-
day, pledging myself anew to its defense, a
right most flagrantly violated by the sitting
member in assuming to represent a district in
which he was defeated by more than one thou-
sand majority, I realize that in confronting
this usurpation, humble as I am, I am standing
in the Thermopylae of the people's liberties.
MR. BENJAMIN'S "LOYALTY" UNMASKED.
I do not know, Mr, Speaker, that in the
time allowed me I shall be able to go through
the record which I have before me; but while
avoiding all discussion of the merits of this
case, leaving that, question with the committee
and the House, my purpose will be first to
measure these two gentlemen [Messrs. Anmp.-
son and Benjamin] by the standard of loyalty
which they themselves erect, pledging myself
to the House and the country that if I cannot
establish a better claim to loyalty to the Union
and the Constitution than either of them I
will abandon this contest, pack my valise, and
take the next train for Missouri. If I cannot
establish that during the dark and bloody war
through which we have passed I did more in
behalf of the Union of the States and to crush
out the rebellion and restore peace to the coun-
' try than both of them put together, then I mis-
take the truths of our recent history and mis-
judge theirpower over the convictions of honest
minds.
The gentleman who has appeared upon this
floor as the counsel of the sitting member, as
he appeared before the committee in the same
capacity, referred in the speech which ho made
yesterday, in a spirit of censure and reproach,
to the county of Callaway as being "under
the domination of the old slave aristocracy
and in the same connection he sought to pre-
judice the people of Boone county by the
statement that "they rolled slavery as a sweet
morsel under their tongues.'' Now, sir, if
there be a gentleman in political life in the
United Stales, North or South, East or West,
who m times past oftener rolled slavery
under his tongue as a sweet morsel and with
greater relish than the gentleman who ap-
pears hero as counsel of the sitting member
1 confess myself ignorant of his history; and
this is true not only of the counsel, bat the
client: for these two gentlemen in the State
of Missouri previous to the rebellion were
regarded as the most ladical, ferocious, un-
eompiomising. and intolerant pro-slavery men
in the State. No men North or South utteied,
previous to the rebellion, more bitter denuncia-
tions against the Republican party and the
abolitionists than these two would-be patron
saints of radicalism and negro suffrage. No
twopubliemen ofour time affiliated morokindly
with the old slave aristocracy or rolled under
their tongues with greater relish the sweet
morsel of slavery than Anderson and Benja-
min ; gentlemen who, for reasons good or bad,
have abandoned the convictions of their former
lives and now profess a living and an honest
faith in the vagaries of the new philosophy:
have like the pendulum of a clock vibrated
from one extreme to the other—from radical
pro-slaveryisra to radical abolitionism.
THEIK RANK PBO-SLAVEBYISM.
Now, the gentleman from the eighth district
of Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] was previous to the
war a pro-slavery Democrat of the most ultra
type. He was a James Buchanan, Claiborne
P. Jackson, pro-Lecompton, anti-Benton Dem-
ocrat, who not only believed that slavery was
an institution over which Congress under the
Constitution had no power in Territory or State,
but belonged to and was a leader of the party
who believed that that which he and his now
call "the sum of all villainies," the black
prince of slavery, came in a direct line from
the pure, white throne of Jehovah.
Sir, it was no idle menace of mine when I
promised to unmask the unenviable and rebel
records of these gentlemen, rebel according to
the measure by which they have sought to deter-
mine my loyalty to the Union. Judged by this
standard they are, or were, both disloyal and
" steeped in treason;" and if tho gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] be a fair-minded man,
impartial, and superior to the tricks of party,
he will amend his motion to recommit so as to
charge the Committee of Elections with tho
duty of inquiring into Mr. Anderson's loyalty
is well as my own.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to state to
the gentleman that if charges are preferred
against the loyalty of the sitting member I will
amend my motion so as to include them.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Also include those
against me.
Mr. SWITZLER. I will incladc the counsel
as well as the client.
Mil. BENJAMIN IS 185S.
Sir. Speaker, in order to conform to the
example set me by the counsel for the sit-
ting member, I shall send this letter of the
gentleman to the Clerk that he may read it—
a letter which will disclose to the country Mr.
Benjamin's former estimate of those with
whom he now politically affiliates.
The Clerk read as follows:
Shelbyville, Missouri, June 2!i, 1858.
Editor Republican:
'Sin: My attention has just been directed to a letter
in the St. Louis Demouiat, in whieh a correspondent
of that paper writing irom Alexandria under date
of the 13th ultimo, says: efforts arc being made in
this district to induce J. F. Benjamin, esq., of Shelby
counts', to become the free labor candidate tor Con-
gress in opposition to (-roneral Ciark. As there, is 110
person in Shelby county whose name esaetiy corre-
sponds with tho above, I presume I am the one
alluded to. Permit me through your paper to fay
to the Xlcmoerat and its coniederates in the third
distnet that they need make no further "cfiorts" m
that way; that 1 am a national Demo-rat; that at
the ensuing eieelion T shall support the Democratic
ticket, as X always have done, including General
Ciark for Congress; that i !i<we bcoijii/htin-i r,0oh-
tionirr.i for i/cnti/ y>n,-r, and expect to do so fur
twenty yearn to comr, should I live that lone: and
they have a political existence. What could have
led any peison or paxty to suppose for one moment
thn t, T could be iutlu meed to 2:ive " aid and eomfjrt"
to tho abolition party of Missouri X am at a loss to
conjecture. J. P. BU.SJA211A.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What is the date of that
letter?
Mr. SWITZLER. Shelbyville, June 20,
1808. The gentleman, it will be perceived, in
this letter expressed great astonishment that
any citizen would for a moment suppose that
he would become t.heftee-Iabor (free-soil) can-
didate for Congress. The mere suggestion was
taken by him in high dudgeon, and lost some
citizen be misled by his silence Mr. Benjamin
deems the suggestion worthy of formal contra-
diction ia a card. And this is not all. He is as
full of contradictions as he is prodigal of prom-
ises ; for, it will be perceived, after recalling a
twenty years siege of his against abolitionism,
he promises to enlist for twenty years more
and to "fight it out on that line," should he
and abolitionism so long live. Only one half
of the period has passed and abolitionism still
lives, but what of the hand to hand encoun-
ters, the heroic " fighting," in which the gen-
tleman promised to figure ?
HIS "loyalty" IN '61 EXAMINED.
I desire in the next place to give you a short
extract from the gentleman's record a little
later in life, after secession had culminated, to
show you, while he has arraigned me before
this House on the charge of disloyalty to the
Government of the United States, because
early in 18611 was against coercion, (as I was,)
he and his distinguished client are in the same
category, the difference being that they were
chairmen of committees in their respective
counties, reporting anti-coercion,.anti-Lincoln,
anti-war resolutions, while I was not even a
member of the committee which reported those
to the Boone meeting. The chairman of that
meeting was then, and is now, a citizen of my
town, a personal friend of mine, but the leader
of the Radical party of the county and a sup-
porter of Mr. Anderson. I mean Colonel
Francis T. Russell.
On the 6th of May, 1861, according to the
Shelby County Weekly of the 9th of that
month, there was a public meeting in the town
of Shelbyville, the residence of Mr. Benjamin,
and in that meeting he was chairman of the
committee on resolutions. I desire to read a
portion of the resolutions which were re-
ported by this gentleman to that meeting, as I
find them recopied in the Hannibal Kepublic:
"4. That wo approve the refusal of the Governor
of Missouri to furnish troops to coerce the seceded
States, and that the best intuie--ts of 3iis.--oui: im-
peratively demand fbn.f. she maintain her pr>~ ,e:it
independent peaceable position, takin^sidesneither
with tho Administration or the seceded States, but
using every honorablo means to bring about peaec
and thus avert the awful calamities that arc about to
buret upon us."
The eighth resolution reported by Mr. Ben-
jamin, who now claims to be superlatively loyal
and the exponent of superlative radicalism in
Missouri, is as follows:
" 8. That if the State Convention pass an ordi-
nance of secession, and it be fairly ratified by a ma-
jority of the people at the polls, we witl cheerfully
submit. But wo are prepared to resist any tyranni-
cal usurpation of those ill office, whether executive
or legislative, to foist that measure on the people of
Missouri."
Now, sir, these resolutions, according to the
authorities cited, were introduced by Mr. Ben-
jamin, chairman of the committee on resolu-
tions, and passed in Shelbyville, Missouri, in
May, 1861.
mr. anderson's " loyalty " EX uii\ro.
Just previous to that. time, that is to say, in
April—tho 2>th of April, 1861—the sitting
member [Mr. Anderson] was a prominent actor
in a meeting in the county of Pike, where he
resides. There, as chair-man of the committee
on resolutions, he exhibited that unadulterated
and superlative loyalty for which he claii.n
merit here, and in order that the House and the
country v.ay see that those who live i.i gh^s
houses ought not to throw stones I beg to lead
some resolutions introduced by kuu at this
meeting:
" i. That the national Government should
be tried by its acts, and the several States as its
peers and in their appropriaterphereswill hold it to
a mid accountability and i entire that its aetsshould
be jraternaf in us ctibrts to hung Vek the &eeului£
St.ucs and not -anruinary or eocrcive.
" it K T. ''> n : 'i:■ rn <* the < "■''<-f the Pi'ca-
i<Ii,\t fin' jt,r //., ct>irc'tii:j the
• • ' .v' , - o ^oj , .r-e the raitine <>; n ^-ops in
t I."-' M" i ' ! l- j t ,■ w. Ih tin m tut in r;i ,;t ol. . u Ik h
lite j. k.io^ l.-dovd inroiitino of tit e t,w i- to Him-eh
upon the city ot Washington and capture the (Japi
