1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
543
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnes, Bamum, I
Bcck, Boyer, Brooks. Burr, Eldridge, Fax, Getz, \
Glossbreiiner, Goliad#}-, Grovcr, Haigbt, Ilolman,
Hotchkiss, Richard D. Ilubbard, Humphrey, John-
son, Kerr. Knott, Marshall, McCormick, Morrissey,
Mungen.Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Pruyn, Randall,
Ross. Sitgreaves, Stone, Taber, Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, Van Auken. Van Trump, and Woodward—33.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Axtell, Chanler,
Churchill, Cook, Cornell, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eckley, Ferry, Fields, Finney, Ilalsey, Harding, Hill,
Asahcl \V. Hubbard, Jones, ICelley.George V. Law-
rcnec. Loan, Lynch, MeCullough, Morgan, Pike,
Raum, Robinson, Shellabarger, Starkweather,
Stewart, Taffe, John Trimble, Twichcll, illiam B.
Washburn, and Wood—35.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] will present himself at the
bar of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of
order. The resolution does not require the
gentleman from New York to appear at the
bar. It requires the Speaker of the House to
censure him from the bar.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the Chair will look at
the resolution he will see that that is its pur-
port.
Mr. Wood then appeared at the bar of the
House.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Fernando Wood:
May's Treatise on the Law, Privileges and
Usages of Parliament, from which we derive
the fundamental principles of our parliament-
ary law, in speaking of occurrences like that
which has caused the vote the result of which
has just been announced, thus speaks:
"It is obviously unbecoming to permit offensive
expressions against the character and conduct of
Parliament to bo used without rebuke; for they are
not only a contempt of that high court, but are
calculated to degrade the Legislature in the estima-
tion of the people. If directed again.st the other
House and passed over without censurejithey would
appear to implicate one House in discourtesy to the
other; it' against the House in which the words are
spoken, it would be impossible to overlook the dis-
respect of one of its own members. Words of this
objectionable character are never spoken but in
anger; and when called to order tie member must
see tha error into which he has been misled, and
retract or explain his words and make a satisfactory
apology. Should he fail to satisfy the House in this
manner he will bo punished by a reprimand or by
commitment."
Having violated this universally recognized
rule of parliamentary law in all deliberative
bodies, the House has ordered its censure to
be pronounced upon you by its Presiding Offi-
cer. This duty having been performed, you
will resume your seat.
Mr. Wood then resumed his seat.
reconstruction again.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman'from New York having paid
the penalty, is he not entitled to the balance
of his hour ? [ Laughter. ]
The SPEAKER. The House has decided
that question in the negative.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. By arrangement with the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] I was to have
had part of his time. I want to know if I am
cut off. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the Chair will be glad to carry out that arrange-
ment.
Mr. WOOD. I would like the House to
permit me to finish my remarks. [Laughter,
and cries of "oh, no."]
Mr. GARFIELD. I object.
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by
reconsidering the vote on that subject.
Mr. WOOD. Well, sir, I shall finish them
before the country.
Mr. BOYER. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I move that the gentleman from New
York have leave to print the remarks he would
have made if the House had permitted him to
proceed. [Laughter, and cries of "object."]
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent.
Mr. BOYEIl. I am aware of that.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made. What
length of time docs the gentleman from Wis- i
consiti desire?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Half an hour.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Wisconsin occupying half an
hour of the time that would have been con-
sumed by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. GARFIELD. I object to anybody occu-
pying half an hour taken away from the gentle-
man from New York. Let him have half an
hour of his own# and not a forfeited half hour.
Mr. BROMWELL. It strikes me that this
would work a hardship upon innocent pur-
chasers. [Laughter. ]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I certainly made the
arrangement with the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Wood,] withoutany notice that he
was to be cut off. I think myself it is a viola-
tion of contract without any such notice.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] is entitled to the floor, and
will proceed.
Mr. BECK. As one of the Committee on
Reconstruction which reported the bill now
before the House, and as one of the minority
of that committee, it perhaps becomes my duty
to submit some reasons, in addition to those
given by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] why I concurred in the report of the
minority, in opposition to that bill.
I have only to say, in advance of my remarks
upon this bill, that having been engaged until
Monday noon before the Committee of Elec-
tions in the argument of one of the cases from
the State of Kentucky, I have not had time to
prepare a speech as perhaps I should have
done. And I will state further that, being a
new member and not knowing how I can reg-
ulate the time to which I am now entitled, I
must decline to be interrupted.
Mr. Speaker, the minority of the Committee
on Reconstruction felt it to be their duty to
differ with the majority of that committee in
regard to the presentation of the bill now before
the House, and to give our reasons for that
difference of opinion in the form of a minority
report which is now before the House and the
country. The question before the House is
whether the majority or the minority of that
committee are right. The majority maintain
that the bill presented by them is constitutional,
and that its constitutionality can be maintained
here and everywhere. We of the minority in
our report contend that that bill is unconstitu-
tional. That, sir, is the question before us,
and I intend to confine myself as strictly as
possible to this question. I will not follow the-
lead of the-gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] in giving the history of previous parties
or the past conduct of men. I am not aware
that the fact how any man voted seven years
ago, or how any man felt ten years ago, or
how he feels now will tend to elucidate the
question under consideration.
The question is simply this: Is this a bill
which we ought to pass; is it a bill which we
have the right to pass, according to the Consti-
tution? 1 say it is not. And just here, to
begin with, let me ask what was the issue dur-
ing this whole war? What was the question
between the United States and the so-called
confederate States? It was simply that there
was a disagreement among the people of the
several States in this Union as to their respec-
tive rights. The people of the one part claimed
that they had the right to secede ; the people
of another part held that they had no such
right.
I will not now stop to go into the causes
which broughtabout that stateof things, though
I might, perhaps, be able to state facts which
would show to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] that both sides were to blame instead
of one being wholly in fault. But that is not
the question. The issue wa3 made; forces
were marshaled against each other, and the
heralds proclaimed the contest. And the Con-
gress of the United States in July, 1861, laid
down this programme, and announced to the
world in these words what it was fighting for:
" Resolved, That tho present deplorable civil war
has been forced upon the country by the disunionists
of the southern States now in revoltagainFt the con-
stitutional Government and in arms around the capi-
tal ; that in this national emergency Congress, ban-
ishing all feeling of mere passion or resentment, will
recollect only its duty to the whole country; that
this war is not waged upon our part in any spirit of
oppression nor for any purpose of conqucst or sub-
jugation nor purpose of overthrowing or interfering
with tho rights or established institutions of tho.-o
States, but to defend and maintain the supremacy
of tho Constitution and to preserve the Union with
all the dignity, equality, and rights of the several
States unimpaired; that as soon as these objects arc
accomplished the war ought to cease."
That was the basis upon which the war was
to be waged. That resolution was adopted by
a vote of 117 yeas to 2 nays; and the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] was in his
place here and did not record his vote in the
negative. He, therefore, as well as the whole
House, stands committed to those principles.
That resolution has never yet been repealed.
The war was assumed to be carried on upon
that basis; men were summoned to arms to
carry out the principles therein enunciated, and
the United States professed to act on it through-
out the war.
In 1862 an act was passed by this Congress
apportioning representation among the States
of the Union, the seceded States included,
upon that idea. Direct taxes were also laid
upon the same principle. Andrew Johnson,
then a Senator from Tennessee, retained his seat
in the Senate long after Tennessee had seceded,
upon the assumption that all those States were
States of the Union. The honorable gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] and
others were elected in August, 1861, months
after Tennessee had passed her ordinance of
secession, and they took and held their seats
in this body because Tennessee was a State of
this Union, her ordinance of secession to the
contrary notwithstanding. Congress admitted
West Virginia as a State on the consent given
by the Legislature of the old State of Virginia
to it on the 13th of May, 1862, and her Senators
and Representatives have held and now hold
their places solely by virtue of that act of the
Legislature of Virginia. In May, 1865, Vir-
ginia transferred to West Virginia Berkeley and
Jefferson counties, and Congress approved the
transfer. Everything during the whole war
was carried on upon the assumption by all the
Departments of the Government that the States
of the South were States in the Union, and
that their ordinances of secession were null
and void. Why, sir, the Supreme Court of the
United States, which in March, 1863, was in-
creased to ten judges, and circuits assigned
them, embracingallthesecededStates, afterthe
war was over was reorganized on the 23d of J uly,
1866, and two judicial circuits were laid out
almost wholly in the States lately in rebellion.
Suits from those States are now pending in that
court, and appeals and transfers from their
State courts' to the Federal courts are enter-
tained under the laws of the United States,
which could not be except upon the idea that
they are States of the Union. Every step, I
say, taken by the different Departments of the
Government has recognized these States as
States of the Union.
And, sir, I will go further and quote an
authority of a kind that I do not frequently
cite. In 1864 a bill was passed by this House
and the Senate which Mr. Lineoln failed to
sign. In advocating that bill in the Senate
Mr. Wade used this very sensible language:
" It has been contended in the House of Represent-
atives it has been contended on this floor, that the
States' may lose their organizations, may lose their
rights as States, may lose their corporate capacity by
rebellion. I utterly deny that doctrine. 1 hold that
once a State of this Union always a State: that you
cannot by wrong and violence displace the rights
of anybody, or disorganize the fetate. It would be a
most hazardous principle to assert that. No, sir;
the framers of your Constitution intended no such
thing They did not leave this great question un-
touched. And when we study that great instrument
I can hardly help but stop and contemplate the all-
embracing wisdom that seemed to actuate them, for
