1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3975
lege. I say that no such power exists and the
gentleman from Massachusetts has not under-
taken to give us the source from which he
derives his authority. I ask him again to
answer to me and to this House upon what he
does base his right to exclude a State from
representation in the Electoral College and
from its right to vote?
Sir. BOUTWELL. Wcdonot.claimanysuch
right, Mr. Speaker. All the organized States of
this Union are entitled to vote and will vote;
but in 1804—I believe thogentleman from Wis-
consin was then a member of this House—we
passed a resolution unanimously, nobody con-
tradicting it, that the eleven States, as he calls
them, naming them, that had gone into rebel-
lian in 1861 should not vote for electors of
President and Vice President. How does the
gentleman account for his neglect to do his
duty then? Why did not he raise his voice
then and ask that his associates and coworkers
in the Democratic party in the attempt to dis-
solve the Union should come here and par-
ticipate in the presidential election of 1864?
The gentleman then was silent, as I remember.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I thank the gentleman
for the opportunity to say that the country was
then at war with the people of those States;
to-day peace exists from one end of this Union
to the other. The armies of the Union have
been successful, the rebellion lias been sub-
dued, the people of the South acknowledge
the authority of the Constitution, and their
States to-day have the right to be represented
in this Congress and in every other department
of this Government, as they were represented
before the rebellion. If they are excluded
longer, it will be the gentleman and his party
who will exclude them. It is not their rebel-
lion, it, is not war, butitisthe " loyal people,''
as the gentleman terms them, who are treading
under foot the Constitution and the rights of
these people, and excluding them, as some
day—I pray God that day may never come—■
the people of some other locality may unite to
exclude the State of Massachusetts, if the doc-
trine of the gentleman be true.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The gentleman does
well to remind the House and the country that
these States, as he calls them, were excluded
in 1864 on account of the war. And three of
them are excluded to-day on account of that
war, the effects of which have not yet ceased.
In 1860 and 1861, as the gentleman very
well knows, the Democratic party of the coun-
try entered upon a crusade to break up this Gov
eminent and attempted to wrest eleven States
fiom the control of the Constitution and to
separate them from the Union. Undei thclead
of the loyal men in the South wc have substan-
tially restored eight ofthese States to the Union
against the protests made by the forty-live gen-
tlemen who sit on the other side of the House.
And now, under the lead of that protest and
of the platform laid down by their candidate
for the Vice Presidency, they propose to again
involve this country in a war for the purpose
of thrusting those eight restored States out of
the Union. That is exactly the position the
Democratic party occupies now. For the pur-
pose of destroying the Union they brought upon
this country one war, which cost four million
dollars, and three hundred thousand lives ; and
now, when we have nearly restored it, without
the sacrifice of a single life, so far as the restor-
ation is concerned, the Democratic party pro-
poses to engage in another war, under the lead
of an aspirant for the Vice Presidency, who
is, in fact, a conspirator against the Govern-
ment of the country, and this for the purpose
of driving out of the Union the eight States that
have already been restored under our lead and
under the power of peace.
'• War for the destruction of the Union" is
the motto under which the gentleman's friends
and former associates have rallied during the
last eight years ; it is the moito which he and
they now emblazon on their banner for this
presidential contest, and for the nextfonr years.
Our motto is '' peace and the restoration of
the Union." And so soon as the other three
States can be restored by the instrumentality
of peace and under the lead of loyal men, they
will be restored. We work under the ensigu
of peace, for the restoration of three more
States to the Union. The gentleman and his
associates raise the banner of war for the
expulsion of eight States that have already
been restored. That is the issue on which we
now go to the country.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwkll] cannot fasten
any such position as he has stated upon me
and my associates ; no such position has ever
been taken by us. I say that the Democratic
party has never taken any such position as that
which the gentleman from Massachusetts
ascribes to ns. We have never been opposed
to a restoration of this Union ; we have never
been opposed to the return of these States.
There has never been a moment since the war
was inaugurated, or since peace came, or as it
ought to come to bless this land, but which it
has not, there has not been a moment when
we would not cheerfully have received all those
States back into the Union.
But the gentlemen on the other side have
been the means of prolonging what the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout well]
terms this war. If war exists to-day, if it has
existed within the last two or three years, I
say the Republican party of this countiy is
responsible for that war.
But, sir, there has, during the last three or
four years, been no war except the acts of
war which this Congress has perpetrated upon
that people and upon those States. The peo-
ple of those States are broken down, crushed,
trampled into the dust by the usurpations, by
the, I had almost, said, atrocious acts of this
Congress. Sir, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts knows well that the only reason why
those States are held in the grasp of despotic
power which he calls " loval power" is that
lie and his associates fear that those States, if
left, as they ought to be, free to act, would act
in accord with the Democratic party. The gen-
tleman knows that all this continuation of the
acts of war upon that people is designed to
coerce them into the support of the Republican
party and its candidates. lie knows that he
and his associates and the party with whom
he acts would never have thought of subject-
ing those States to the control of the ignorant
negroes there but for the purpose of extending
the lease of power of the party to which he
belongs. He dare not, upon his conscience
and before his God, deny that that is the sole
purpose for which this whole scheme was
inaugurated and for which he now seeks to pass
this bill. The only object is to prolong the
lease of unhallowed power which his party has
too long held in this country. I challenge that
gentleman to join with us and place those
States, as the Constitution places them, upon
terms of perfect equality with his State. I say
again that if this doctrine upon which gentle-
men oil the other side have been acting is^still
to be carried out, the day will come, which I
with those gentlemen would deplore, when
Massachusetts may be upon her knees begging
for the rights which the Constitution guaran-
ties her and all the States, and which are now
denied to the States of the South.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, no State
that is true to this Union will ever have occasion
to go upon its knees begging for its rights. If
the Democratic party had been true to this
Union, as Massachusetts was true, during the
last eight years, none of these States would
now be here suppliants for restoration to the
benefits of a Government which a few years
ago, under the lead of the gentleman and his
friends, thoy spurned.
Now, sir, one word more, which I would be
glad to address to the people of the South.
In I860 and 1861, Democrats of the North—
such men as Franklin Pierce of New Hamp-
shire—encouraged tlio rebels of the South to
engage in war, telling them that in the event
of such a contest blood would flow in the
streets of the North, intending it to be under-
stood that the Democrats of the North would
give the Radicals, as we were called, plenty
to do at home, so that the twelve or fifteen
States of the South should have an opportunity
to set up governments of their own in defiance
of the national authority. The rebels of the
South were deceived. The Democrats of the
Noitlihad not the courage ortlie heart, to make
good the pledges which they had given to their
traitorous allies in the South; and the southern
men were sacrificed—in an unholy enterprise,
to be sure—because they were deserted by the
men in the North on whom they had relied.
Again, in 18G5,when Andrew Johnson eamo
to the Presidency, the men of the South trusted
to his professions and the professions of the
Democratic, party that they would be sus-
tained in their attempt to reorganize rebel white
men's governments and to trample under foot,
the loyal white and black men of the South, lu
that they were disappointed; and they are now
reaping the bitter fruits of their reliance upon
Mr. Johnson and the Democracy of the North.
What does the Democratic party, by its late
action in New York, promise the South? It
says " If we can elect a Democratic President
and Vice President, a 'white man's government'
shall be reestablished in the eight States of
the South." Thus the Democracy would again
deceive the men of the South, whom I warn
no longer to put trust in that party. Whatever
may happen, the Senate will be Republican for
the next two years. We have already relieved
twelve or fifteen hundred men of the South who
participated in the rebellion from the disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution. Our purpose is, as far and as fast
as they bring forth "fruits meet for repent-
ance," to liberate tliein all. But if by accident
or by a fatality which seems outside the range of
providential influence*, the Democracy should
succeed in the election of a President, what
can they do for the South? Nothing—noth-
ing. We shall be obliged to stand upon the de-
fensive and hold all these men for four years
where they now are, and the Democracy will be
powerless to redeem a single promise they now
make. The interest of the South, of the men
who have been in the rebellion, is to stand fast
by the Republican party, which has shown a
disposition to be just and generous to every
man in the South when we can so do without
danger to republican institutions.
But, sir, look at the letter of Frank Blair.
[Cries of "Read it!" from the Republican
side of the House.] Yes, sir, let it be read.
It cannot be read too often in the presence of
the forty-five men who signed and presented
a protest here against the admission of mem-
bers from the State of Arkansas, upon the
same grounds substantially as those presented
in Blair's letter.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am glad the gentleman
is going to have that letter read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Washington, June 30,1868.
Deak Coloxel: In reply to your inquiries I bos
leave to say that I leave to you to determine, on
consultation with my friends from Missouri, whether
my name shall be presented to the Democratic con-
vention, and to submit the following, as what I con-
sider the leal and only issue in this contest:
The reconstruction policy of tho Radicals will be
complete before tho next election; the States so long
excluded will have been admitted; negro suffrage
established and the carpet-baggers installed in their
seats in both branches of Congress. There is no pos-
sibility of changing the political character of the
Senate, even if tho Democrats should elect their
President and a majority of the popular branch of
Congress. "We cannot, therefore, undo the Radical
plan of reconstruction by congressional action ; the
Senate will contmuo a bar to its repeal. Must tve
submit to it? How can it be overthrown . It can
only be overthrown by the authorityof the Executive
who sworn to maintain the Constitution, and who
will f;ii! to do his duty if he allows the Constitution
to perish under a series of congressional enactments
winch are in palpable violation ot its fundamental
principles. , , , ^ ..
If the President elected by tho Democracy enforces
or permits others to enforco these reconstruction
acts, tho Radicals by the accession of twenty spu-
rious Senators and fifty Representatives will control
both branches of Congress, and his administration
will be as powerless as the present one of Mr. John-
There is but one way to restore the Government
and the Constitution, and that is for the President-
