1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1927
yet reported back within the recollection of the
Chair.
Mr. WOOD. Would it be in order, then, to
instruct the committee not to report the reso-
lution ?
The SPEAKER. It would require unani-
mous consent to do anything of that kind at
this time.
Mr. WOOD. I thought the document was
a fraud at the time when it was first brought
beforefthe House.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask the chairman of the
committee if he will not delay the presentation
of this paper until my colleague, who is ab-
sent, returns. I therefore object to it on that
ground.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the ob-
jection comes too late".
Mr. LAFLIN. If the Chair will permit me,
I will say that 1 was giving strict attention to
the matter with the intention of objecting in
case it required unanimous consent, as I sup-
posed it did.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
this is a matter of so much importance that it
should go over until the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Van Wyck] is here to answer for
himself.
Mr. JENCKES. I do not ask any action
on the matter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the al-
legation contained in the resolution is true it
is a very serious matter.
Mr. JENCKES. I do not ask any action at
the present time. I was instructed by the com-
mittee to present this resolution and move that
it be entered on the Journal; not that any ac-
tion shall be taken on it now ; action may be
moved on it hereafter, when the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Van Wyck] returns and
is in his seat.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Laflin] states that he rose in his
place at the proper time and objected. The
Chair entertains the objection, therefore, as in
time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Laf-
lin] that he let the resolution be received and
lie over until his colleague returns.
Mr. JENCKES. That is all we ask.
Mr. LAFLIN. I have no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state
that if the resolution is received it will go upon
the Journal, being in the shape of a resolution
of the committee. The Chair understands the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Laflin] to
object to the reception of the resolution.
Mr. LAFLIN. I do, on the ground of my
colleague's absence.
Mr. RANDALL. I consider this a question
of high privilege. It relates to a misrepresent-
ation of the action of a committee, and the
right to have the resolution entered on the
Journal is a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point that it is a question of privilege, on the
ground that that point should have been made
when this report was presented. The rule
will be found on page 55 of the Digest:
"If it is disputed that a report has been ordered to
be made by a committee the question of reception
must be put to the House."
That question must be raised when the re-
port is presented. The resolution is not before
the* House.
pacific railroad.
- Mr. PRICE. I ask leave to report from the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad a bill (H.
R. No. 459) to aid in the construction ot a
railroad and telegraph line from Portland, Ore-
eon, to connect witli the Central Pacific rail-
road at the northern bend of the Humboldt,
in the State of Nevada, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for postal,
military, and for other purposes, that it may
be printed and recommitted. _
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
frauds in united states currency.
Mr. CHANLER, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo,
and hereby is, directed to inform this .House, if not
inconsistent with the public interest, by what regu-
lations and in what manner frauds are detected and
prevented in the printing and issue of United States
postal and United States fractional currency.
personal explanation.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent to make a brief personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. For how long a time?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Well, I will say
fifteen minutes, although I do not think I shall
want so long.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to know whether
anything can be added to that proposition after
it has once been allowed—whether the gentle-
man can add some other subject?
The SPEAKER. If unanimous consent is
granted to the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilson] to make a personal explanation the
leave will be confined to him alone.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. He cannot make a speech
upon any other subject?
The SPEAKER. Not without new leave
from the House. .
Mr. WOOD. I object, unless we on this
side may have the right to reply to anything
the gentleman from Iowa may say.
leave of asbencb.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for three days for Mr. Halsey and
ten days for Mr. Cary.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky, asked and ob-
tained leave of absence for ten days for his
colleague, Mr. Jones, and one week for Mr.
Stone.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
asked and obtained leave of absence for two
days for Mr. Williams, of Indiana.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed House bill No. 731,
to authorize Charles Grafton Page to apply for
and receive a patent, without amendment.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a bill and joint resolution of the follow-
ing titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (S. 377) to change the times for hold-
ing the district and circuit courts of the United
States in the several districts in the State of
Tennessee; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 122) for the
relief of the heirs of Major A. L. Brewer, late
a paymaster in the United States Army.
enrolled bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
Senate bill No. 308, for the relief of the heirs
of the late General Duncan L. Clinch, when
the Speaker signed the same.
homestead laws.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimouscopsent to
report from the Committee on the Public Lands
and have printed and recommitted a bill
amendatory of the act entitled "An act to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain," approved May 20, 1802, andof
the acts amendatory thereof, approved March
21, 1864, and June 21, 18GG.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
improvement of erie harbor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to submit for consideration at this time the
following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into theprnprietyot granting
to the city of Erie, Pennsylvania, a donation ol
lands to aid in improving the harbor of Jirie.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
order of business.
Mr. PIKE. I insist upon the regular order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire the attention
of the House for a minute or two only upon a
personal matter.
The SPEAKER. Unless the demand for
the regular order is withdrawn, the gentleman
cannot make his personal explanation.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw that call for one njinuteand then
I will renew it.
Mr. PIKE. Very well; I will withdraw it.
Mr. SPALDING. I renew the demand for
the regular order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to have an
opportunity to make a statement personal to
myself, for which I have been waiting for a
week.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is called
for, being the consideration of House bill No.
778, to relieve William W. Holden and others
from disabilities.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to give notice that to-morrow, after the morn-
ing hour, 1 propose to call up the miscella-
neous appropriation bill with the amendments
thereto reported from the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] yield to me for a
few minutes?
Mr. BINGHAM. If it does not come out;
of my time.
Mr. SPALDING. Of course it will.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Suppose it does; I want
but a minute or two.
Mr. SPALDING. I insist upon the regular
order.
relief from political disabilities.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is _the
consideration of House bill No. 778, to relieve
William W. llolden and others from disabili-
ties. The previous question was seconded
and the main question ordered upon the bill
on yesterday, and the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham] had occupied twenty-two min
utes of the hour to which he was entitled, hav
iug reported the bill.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask leave to have printed
in the Globe some remarks upon this bill,
which I do not now desire to take up the time
of the House in making.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call upon the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] to object, for
certainly that is not the regular order.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] object tograntingleave
to the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Shanks] to
have his remarks printed in the Globe?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not object: but I
thought the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] was becoming a little forgetful of his duty.
No objection being made, leave was accord-
ingly granted to Mr. Shanks to have his re-
marks upon the pending bill printed in the
Daily Globe. [See Appendix.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] is entitled to the floor for thirty-
eight minutes.
Mr. TAFFE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman
will excuse me if I decline to yield to him.
Mr. Speaker, I thought it was apparent, from
the remarks made on this floor yesterday, that
the House desired that this bill should in-
clude the constitutional amendment. I myself
desired it originally. It was stated by a gen-
tleman in the debate that he was sure the com-
mitter desired it; and, although I was not
advised of that fact, I take his word for it.
I will therefore move to reconsider the vote by
which the House ordered the previous ques-
tion upon this bill, in order that I may move
to amend it by inserting the "Constitution
and" before the words "laws of the United
States;" so that it; will read: "That the sev-
eral persons hereinafter named be, and they
are hereby, severally relieved from all disabil-
ities imposed them or either of them by the
Constitution and laws of the United States."
The question was taken upon the motion to
reconsider, and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the amendments of the gentleman from Penn-
