■m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 16,
Ho. of Reps.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Switder.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
The amendment was agreed to by yeas and
nays. Among the yeas I find the name of
" Anderson "-—the same Anderson who, for
nearly eighteen months, has occupied ray seat
in this Hall.
After various amendments had been adopted
to the bill, the substitute as amended was then
reada third time and passed by yeas and nays—-
"Yeas Messrs. Abney, Ament, Anderson, An-
thony," &c.
a tnkilling fictdke.
Sir, could I command the pencil of Hogarth
or of Missouri's own gifted artist, Bingham, I
would attempt to paint or draw in outline on
canvas this thrilling picture. I would attempt
to exhibit to the mind's eye of this House and
of the civilized world the scenes which would
have transpired in my State had this bill become
a law. I can at all events venture to ask you
to go in imagination with me to the county
seatof some county of my district; for example
St. Charles, and there in the presence of a
large number of people brought together by
the sheriff's advertisement of bargains, witness
a sale of emancipated slaves, old and young,
male and female, made under the provisions
of this atrocious statute. One Henry C.
Machens, the "loyal" sheriff of the county,
aided in his Christian duties, it may be, by the
sitting member, is the master of the solemn
ceremony. There, gathered from city, town,
and country, arethefreedmenand freedwomen
and their children—slaves who had been eman-
cipated by some Christian master oil his death-
bed, or who, by years of toil by moonlight and
on the Sabbath day, had purchased their own
freedom. One is sold to some slave-driver
from the South. Another to a slave-trader,
who snatches his "chattel" from the sheriff's
hammer and departs hy rail or river to some
distant mart. Parent is separated from child,
husband from wife, sister from brother. Free-
dom is exchanged for slavery, and home and
kindred for strangers in a strange land; and
alt this under the bill for which the gentleman
voted in 1860.
How appropriate that he should be present
t,o witness the scene, and to add to its interest
by rising on the steps of the court-house,
before the crowd disperses, and speaking as
follows:
" Citizens or St. Ouaeles: For this deeply inter-
esting scene you are indebted in part to my speeches
and votes in the Legislature of our State. Iteraem-
ber slavery is divine, and an abolitionist the deepest
dyed of all thedamnably mean and atrocious traitors
in the laud."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the con-
testant be allowed to proceed further.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will yield for
that purpose.
The SPEAKER. How much more time
does the contestant desire?
Mr. SWITZLEIi. Fifteen minutes.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the gentleman will be granted-that much addi-
tional time.
There was no objection.
charge of disloyalty met.
Mr. SWITZLER. Mr. Speaker, I am ready
to meet this new charge of my disloyalty to the
Government. Unprepared as I am, I am per-
fectly willing to go before the committee this
afternoon and confront the issue. Indeed, sir,
I will submit the question to the sitting mem-
ber himself if you will swear him, unless it
should appear that being a member of the For-
tieth Congress so demoralizes a man that he
cannot do justice to a political opponeut. For
if there is in my humble personal history any
one fact which is better known in Missouri
than another, it is the fact that from the incep-
tion to the close of the war I was a Union
man.
a letter to mr. paschal is 1861.
The suddenness of the emergency compels
me to employ such evidence as I accident-
ally have in disproof of the charge of dis-
loyalty. Had fair notice been given me that I
would have been called upon to confront this
great injustice I could have piled the evidence
mountain high. But that which I have must
suffice. First, I have here a private letter
written by me January 21, 1861, to Mr. Pas-
chal, then the principal editor of the Missouri
Republican, but since deceased. It was found
among his papers and handed to me by one of
the editors as I passed through St. Louis to
this city.
The Clerk read as follows:
[Private.]
Columbia Ho., January, 21,1SS1.
Dear Sib: I am glad to find that in reference to
the great issue of secession tho Republican and
Statesman are together heartily cooperating in sav-
ins; Missouri from the madness and lolly of disunion.
Let us see to it that reliable, out-spoken anti-
secessionists arc cleeted, if possible, from every dis-
trict. In this great work tho Republican, with its
largecirculation and influence, will have much to do.
I hope, therefore, to see you in almost every number
unmask tho demagogues who would rush this State
headlong into the ieartul vortex of secession, revolu-
tion, and war.
I write chiefly, however, to direct your attention
to tho doctrine promulgated in tho Senate tho other
day in tho debate on Hardin's amendment by .Sir.
Churchill; that is, that the Legislature has no power
to bind tho convention, and that, therefore, it a
secession ordinance is passed, that body can refuse
to submit it to the people, notwithstanding the ex-
plicit language of the tenth section. Lot us, there-
fore, at once warn tho friends of the Union to sup-
port 110 m.m for delegate who will not pledge him-
self unconditionally against a secession ordinance,
but also that if one is passed lie will vote to submit
it to the people.
The secessionists will attempt to give us battle in
every district, and by bravado, inflammatory appeals,
and humbug, to tic AXissoui i to the perilous iortunes
of South Carolina. Let us take timely action to
circu in vent and defeat tbem. I indorso for theUoono
district.
Vciy truly, yours, ,fcc.,
WILLIAM F. SWITZLER.
N. Paschal, esq.
iixion victory at the polls.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to send to the
Cierk's desk another paper, being an " Extra
Statesman" issued by me on the 20lh of Feb-
ruary, 1801, announcing tho result of the elec-
tion in my county for members of the State
convention. The Clerk will do me the favor
to read what is marked, and the House to listen
and see how much disloyalty there is in it.
This Extra was also found among Mr. Paschal's
papers, and folded in the letter just read.
The Clerk read as follows :
"LastMonday wasaveryinelementday. Itvpas cold
even to the tiro-eaters; and especially disagreeable
(in more senses than one) to thoso who attempted to
buffet the waves of popular en thusiasm for the Union.
These sat in at every precinct quite early in the
morning, and rolled and surged with increasing vol-
ume andstrength to the closo ot tho polis, each wave
in its proud crest mirroring a gorgeous reflex of tho
Star-spangled banner. So overwhelming and ter-
rific was the storm that the frail bark of Secession
was stranded upon tho rocks and biokcn to pieces at
the very onset. It, had scarcely got under sail before
its mainmast was swept away and its little shirt-tail
flag went down in forty fathoms water.
The table which follows will show that the majority
for the Union candidates is tremendous. It is about,
fifteen hundred in Boone and nearly nine hundred
in Callaway—making an aggregate majority of about
two thousand four hundred in the District. Wo
movo that a public meeting be called, and the elec-
tion be declared unanimous/'
letter and speech at memphis in 18s2.
I will beg the indulgence of the House for
another extract. I might pile them mountain
high had I known I was to-day to meet this
issue. In 1862, it will be remembered. Presi-
dent Lincoln appointed General JohnS. Phelps,
of Missouri, military or provisional governor of
the State of Arkansas, and 1 was appointed
military or provisional secretary of State of
that State. In August, 1862, pursuant to orders
of the War Department, he left St.. Louis for
Helena, the headquarters of the provisional
government. I accompanied him. On the way
to Heleua, Governor Phelpsand myselfstopped
at Memphis. On the evening of our arrival, the
20th of August,, 1802, there was an impromptu
public meeting held in Court square, which was
addressed by Governor Phelps and myself, in
the presence of the commander of the post,
Union soldiers, Union citizens, and, I believe,
General Hurlbut, and General Denver, now
of this city, and General Snermau, who was
then commanding that Department. On our
arrival at Memphis, and after the Union demon-
stration in Court square, I wrote a letter to my
paper at Columbia, Missouri, some extracts
from which I beg to read.
Referring to the preparations in progress at
Jefferson City as I passed through it, to reen-
force the Federal garrison at Lexington, then
threatened by Quantrel, Hays, and others, I
said:
"When wc viewed with delight all the parapher-
nalia of war before us—the squadrons of horsomth
guidons gaily fluttering in tho breeae, thc_ burnished
bayonets gleaming in the sun, the brass field pieces
as they defiantly looked upon the busy crowd, and
hundreds of stalwart soldiers with heaits pulsating
quickly at the thoughts of battle—we involuntarily
said to the traitors who threatened the pillage ox
Lexington, 'Letthem come.'
"Not tho least agreeable of our reflections, too,
was the thought that for a short time at least wo
would bo sate from the sudden calls, atunfasbionable
hours, and when not invited, of the guerrillas under
Pureell and other rebel marauders, and by absence
from home escape, perhaps, assassination on thehigh-
way by some cowardly scoundrel who is hunting
round for his 'rights' in the shapo of good horses
or good Union men—tho former to steal, the latter to
shoot ov hang."
Alluding to what we saw at Cairo, I wrote :
14 From tho dock of the steamer, while at the wharf,
we could see Irort Holt, on tho Kentucky shore, and
.Bird's Point, on tUoMissouii. a spot the memory of
which is sadly associated with the death of the heroic
Lyon nnd the defeat, of his brave forces at Wilson
creek; lor, to savo Bird's Point irorn an attack by
General Pillow, (which he never intended to make,)
the then military commandant of Missouri, General
Fremont, sailed down to Cairo in ^his iloct ot boats
andsailed backagam. instead of reontorcingLyon at
Springfield. Bird's Point cost us Lyon ! and if it
were a point of gold, which it n not, instead of a
point of sand, which it is, it would be dearly pur-
chased with tho life ot such a man and tho loss of
such a battle."
Commenting on the Union meeting in Court
square, Memphis, I said :
"A Union meeting in Memphis! Who, six mouths
ago, when reading the venomous treason of theAva-
lancho and tho red hot threatening* of the rebels
here, would have thought of a Union meeting in
Court square, every sprig of grass in which, and
every loaf, and every flower, is impregnated with
the crazy eloquence of traitors? Yet a Union meet-
ing was hold, alarge and enthusiastic meeting, which
responded vociferously and with a will to the utter-
ance of loyal sentiments and to the denunciation of
j this causeless and diabolical rebellion."
! All this looks very much like treason to the
' Government and disloyalty to the Union, does
j it not? So of the speech made on the occa-
[ sion, which appeared substantially in the Bul-
l letin of the next day.
!
j provost marshal in 1803-64.
I Nut to multiply extracts from my public
writings or speeches, which might, be done
i indefinitely, I nail to the pillory this shameless
dodge by Abraham Lincoln's indorsement of
my loyalty. In I860, President Lincoln, with-
out solicitation on my part, voluntarily ap-
pointed me to the office of provost marshal of
the ninth congressional district of Missouri.
Here is the commission, issued by President
Lincoln and signed by Edwin M. Stanton,
Secretar3T of W01-. In July of that year I
entered 011 my duties, which were continued
till October, 1804, when I was removed for
supporting General McClellan for the Presi-
| dency, some of these very gentlemen then
| being in the Congress of the United States,
j and not one of them uttering a syllable or a
whisper about Mr. Lincoln having appointed
a rebel as provost marshal, and permitting
j him for nearly a year and a half to remain in
( office!
!: i.etiek from a itxiox officer.
I will now ask the consent of the member
!' from Wisconsin [Mr. Sawykr] that I may read
j! a letter addressed to him by a Union soldier,
jj a captain 111 an jo,va regiment during the war,
Ii A Member. He is not here.
