2952
the congressional globe.
June 8j
The amendment of Mr. Jbnckes, as modi-
fied upon the suggestion of Mr. Schesok, was
agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I now move to strika out
the words "but no such suit shall be com-
menced without the authority of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue."
Mr. SCHENCK. I suggested the amend-
ment I did as a compromise, after what the
gentleman had said.
Mr. JENCKES. And I make this motion
for the purpose of further suggestion; but I
will not insist upon it if the gentleman thinks
I ought not to do so.
.Mr. ALLISON. There was one amendment
agreed upon in the Committee of Ways and
Means which has not yet been offered, and
which, I think, will obviate theobjection of the
gentleman lrom Rhode Island, [Mr. Jbxckes.]
it is to amend the second sentence of this sec-
tion by inserting after the words " but nosuch
suit" the words "for taxes," so that it will
read: " But no such suit for taxes shall be
commenced without the authority of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue," &c.
Mr. JENCKES. That obviates my objection.
I withdraw the motion to strike out, and accept
the amendment suggested by the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Allisok.]
The amendment was agreed to
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 57. And be it further enacted. That in all oases
arising under the internal revenue laws where, instead
of commending or proceeding with a suit in court, it
may appear to the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue to be for the interest of the United States to
compromise the same, he is empowered and author-
ized to make such compromise with the advice and
consent ol the Solicitor of Internal Revenue, whose
opinion in the case, with reasons therefor, shall be
given in writing and delivered to the Commissioner;
but no such compromise shall be made of any ease
after a suit or proceeding in court has been com-
menced without the recommendation also of the dis-
trict attorney lor the judicial district in which the
suit or proceeding is pending, or of such other coun-
sel as may be employed to conduct or prosecute the
game on the part of the United States.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend by striking
out this whole section; but I will not detain
the committee by arguing the proposition.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.] I desire to say that
1 find in this section a provision the necessity
for which I have frequently seen. I know that
in many cases heretofore where suits have been
commenced trouble has arisen as to who should
withdraw them or when they should be with-
drawn. After the district attorney has com-
menced a suit the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue has had the power to withdraw that
suit without consulting him. Now, this sec-
tion, which I hope will be retained in the bill,
provides for exactly such cases. After pro-
viding previously that suits shall be commenced
by the authority or order of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, we provide in this section
that a suit shall not be withdrawn without the
consent of the district attorney. I think this
a great improvementupon the present law, and
by it there will be afforded facilities such as we
have not heretofore had for the trial of these
cases.
On the amendment of Mr. Paijje there
were—ayes twenty-five, noes not counted.
The CHAIRMAN. Less than a majority of
a quorum voting in the affirmative, the amend-
ment is not agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend by adding at
the end of the pending section the following :
Provided, That no compromise shall be made un-
less the party offending shall pay twice the amount
of the tax.
My object is that no offender against the
law shall escape without paying twice the
amount he would have beet} obliged to pay if
he had not offended.
The amendment was not agreed to, there
being—ayes twenty-five, noes not counted.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend the pend-
ing section by adding to it the following:
Provided, 'That the district attorney, under the
advice of the judge of the court in which any ease
may be pending, may discontinue any civil suit or
enter a nolle prosequi of any criminal proceedings, in
his discretion, during the course of the trial of any
case.
Mr. Chairman, I will state my reason for
offering this amendment. It is often found in
many districts that when the district attorney
enters upon the trial of a case, notwithstanding
his careful preparation of it, notwithstanding
the previous examination before a commis-
sioner if it be a criminal case, notwithstanding
the ascertaining of the names of the witnesses
and what they will testify, yet when the trial
has begun it turns out that the witnesses have
been spirited away. In such a case, under the
present law, and under this bill as reported by
the committee, the district attorney has no dis-
cretion, except to go on and have a verdict
rendered by the jury, that verdict being neces-
sarily an acquittal, which exempts the defend-
ant absolutely from all further prosecution for
the same offense ; whereas if the district attor-
ney had the power, under the advice of the
court, to discontinue the ease, he might com-
mence it again at the next term or find a new
indictment.
In our part of the country witnesses may
disappear very suddenly. It costs but a dollar
to go from New York to Boston, and but a
few dollarsto stay away in Boston, orany other
place in New England, until another term of
the court. I have known cases in all the east-
ern courts—in the eastern district of Pennsyl-
vania as well as in the district of Maine—•
where our district attorneys have commenced
the trial of a case believing that they had their
witnesses at hand, yet, when the case had been
opened to the jury, they did not respond,
under the present law the district attorney
has no authority to discontinue a case except
with the permission of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Let me ask the gen-
tleman if he enters a nolle,prosequi after swear-
ing the jury would not that be a bar to any
prosecution? After the jury is sworn they
must render a verdict.
Mr. JENCKES. He must find out whether
his witnesses are there when the case is called.
If they are there and he goes on with his case
and then his witnesses are spirited away, the
court does not allow him to continue. He
must go on. The court has no discretion under
this bill or the present law. I have seen it
done as I have stated. I have seen tlie'district
attorney call his witnesses and have them
sworn, and then by reason of their disappear-
ance, the judge not being authorized to con-
tinue the case, it being, too late to consult the
Commissioner, the judgment has been entered
for the defendant, when if continued and tried
at the next term the party would have been
convicted. I hope the district attorney will
have the right to call the case or not, so the
United States shall not suffer by the running
away of witnesses.
Mr. MILLER. We can provide for cases
when witnesses absent themselves.
Mr. JENCKES. Under the present law all
cases are qui tarn actions, and that answers
the gentleman from Illinois. As soon as the
jury is called the district attorney must go on.
The witnesses are summoned and he may
think it safe for him to go on. When the case
is commenced his witnesses respond when
called, but when he gets to a material point
he may break down altogether by reason of
the disappearance of his witnesses. - The
| defendant is then entitled to a verdict. The"
j court cannot grant a continuance,
j Mr. MILLER. It was improper for the dis-
trict attorney to go o.n without the witness.
Mr. JENCKES. District attorneys are
honorable men and good lawyers.
Mr. PAINE. I am opposed, Mr. Chairman,
entirely to the adoption of an amendment which
will go to that length. I am opposed to put-
ting it in the power of the district attorney or
the court to discontinue and terminate a suit
under such circumstances. I would be willing
to agree to an amendment which would make
liberal provisions for continuing a-suit where
the district attorney should find himself dis-
abled by the disappearance of witnesses and
their not appearing in the case. If the gen-
tleman will frame an amendment adapted to
that emergency, I will cheerfully vote for it,
but I am .unwilling to put it in the hands of
the court or the district attorney to discon-
tinue entirely a suit for such a cause as that.
Mr. JENCKES. Insert "discontinue or
procure the continuance of." I will state to
the gentleman from Wisconsin the difficulty in
the exercise of that power which we have all
found in the trial of criminal cases. As soon
as they are fcpened to the jury they are out of
the power of the prosecuting officer, and the
defendant may call for a verdict of acquittal
if the prosecutor breaks down, and there is a
question whether the court will grant a con-
tinuance if the witnesses are spirited away. If
he is authorized to discontinue he may com-
mence next day. If the court will allow a con-
tinuance itisthe most proper thing to be done.
Mr. PAINE. I desire that the gentleman
will put his proposition in some careful form,
so we can understand it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out the
word "discontinue," and I do it for the pur-
pose of enabling me to say that I hope the
gentleman will confine his amendment to some
careful provision allowing the district attorney
under those circumstances to continue those
cases.
Now, the gentleman assumes there is no dif-
ficulty about these district attorneys. Unfor-
tunately, sir, a good deal of our trouble arises
in that direction. You talk of the '"whisky
ring." The "whisky ring" has aiders and
abettors in the district attorneys and in the
officers of the law. I have in my mind a case
where the proof has been furnished to us of a
judge of one of the Federal courts and the
district attorney who divided the black-mail
between them, the consideration for letting off
some sixty culprits arraigned before the court.
I trust that will result in the impeachment of
that judge.
So far as this matter is concerned, the gen-
tleman is mistaken if he supposes that we ought
to throw everything into the power of the dis-
trict attorney, so that he shall hold a veto over
all these cases. I am perfectly willing that in
proper cases he shall have his remedy against
any possible defeat of the ends of justice, by
continuing his case if witnesses have been, as
the gentleman remarks, spirited out of the
way. But so far only, I think, should the
amendment go if it is to be made to the section at
all. I entirely agree upon that point with the
gentleman for Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe,] and
hope there will be no amendment by which the
district attorney, at his discretion, may discon-
tinue, by a nolle prosequi, any case at his pleas-
ure, thus holding, as it were, the key to the
whole matter.
Mr. JENCKES. I agree with the gentleman
for Ohio entirely. I do not wish to leave the
power to the district attorney. There are
some of them who are excellent officers.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know there are.
Mr. JENCKES. And there are some such
as the gentleman describes. I hope he will
be after them as well as the judges who col-
lude wifh them, and that we shall have them
arraigned before this House, if what the gentle-
man has discovered, and if what I know another
committee has discovered, of the conduct of
one of them be true. But this amendment
is entirely in the interest of the Government.
Mr. MULLINS. He will have to-be more
fortunate with them than we have been recently.
Mr. JENCKES. 1 have seen a district
attorney rise with a summons in his hand and
the return of the officer—believing he had all
the witnesses in the presence of the court—go
on with a qui tam action under the law and
call the witnesses to the formal matter of the
case, but when he came to the substantive
matters find all the witnesses at bay with no
officer being able to tell where .hey were. In
our country they can be spirited away easily
