1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3977
sion of that war was the invasion of Virginia
by the little cohort of John Brown. The first
tocsin of war was sounded then. The first
resistance to an act of Congress which was
preached and practiced came not from the
South, but was in the State of Massachusetts
and in the city of Boston. However unpopu-
lar or odious may have been the fugitive-slave
law, however distasteful it may have been to
all parties, to the Democratic as well as to the
Republican party, it was a law of Congress, a
constitutional law, a law which, when first
enacted, was approved by George Washington,
supported throughout by all Administrations
and declared to be a constitutional law, I am
told by the gentleman from Massachusetts
himself, and yet the first fatal lesson ef resist-
ance to law, the first educator in the violation
of law was in the city of Boston and in the con-
tiguous towns, which rescued from the writs of
the United States marshal of the district a sub-
ject of that fugitive-slave law in utter defiance
of the law. They who have educated others
lo defy the laws—the constitutional laws—who
have been teachers of violation of laws, and
who have brought the country up to a disre-
gard of those laws, ought to be among the last
to reproach others who have followed their
example and who have been educated in their
school.
The honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts was pleased to say, in imputation upon or
in derogation of the Democratic party, that
there were evidences of this war all around us.
Sir, there are in our taxation and in our debt,
in that taxation to which we and our posterity
will be subject throughout all time, unless we
can recover the power and better frame and
control the legislation of Congress. For that
war, the honorable member from Massachu-
setts and the men with whom he has acted and
whose principles were his in the olden time are
as much responsible as the party with which I
am associated at the present time.
The honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Boutwei.l] then grew eloquent upon
the position of the Democratic party in its
recent convention in the city of New York ;
and in the course of the remarks of the gentle-
man upon the letter of the next Vice Presi-
dent he asks us what is to be our course, and
what, we intend to do.
Sir, I dare not undertake to be the exponent
of the Democratic party ; no man now on this
floor has the right to be that. There is the
platform of our party ; there it is on the record.
Cpon that we stand, and upon ihat we intend
to stand. I iefer to the resolution of the Dem-
ocratic national convention assembled in the
city of New York ; that is our record.
if the honorable gentleman expects us to
accept the issue he proposes, if he expects that
wc are to sit down in quiet and contentment
under these reconstruction acts, I tell him that
he indulges in the vainest of all dreams. We
will exert all our power here and everywhere to
repeal and overthrow those acts in every possible
constitutional manner. We go before the peo-
ple with pride upon this issue. Shall the eight
so-called reconstructed States of the South
continue to be governed by negroes almost
exclusively, or are they to be governed as are
the States of Ohio, Minnesota, Wisconsin,
New York, and Pennsylvania? Are they to be
governed by white men, or are they to be gov-
erned by negroes ? That is our issue, and upon
that issue we proudly appeal from you in this
Hall to the people of the United States.
Mr. BO U i'W ELL. I must now resume the
floor ; but I would like to put a question to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS. Is it generous on the part
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Bottwell,] with his control and power over
this debate, to arrest it in this way?
M r. BECK. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts allow me five minutes to speak to
this joint resolution, and the amendments pro-
posed to it by the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, eschewing politics altogether?
Mr. BOUT WELL. I will yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
after 1 get a reply from the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] to a question I desire
to ask him. I wish the gentleman from New
York to give a definite answer without argu-
ment to the question, whether he approves
and sustains the letter of Francis P. Blair, jr.,
which has been read by the Clerk.
Mr. BIIOOKS. The gentleman and myself
are both Yankees; let us exchange questions.
I propose, if the gentleman will allow mo, to
dwell upon the Blair letter at some little length
in answer to his question.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will yield five min-
utes more to the gentleman on the Blair letter.
Mr. BIIOOKS. In the first place I do not
suppose that Mr. Blair had a right to create a
platform for the party. I presume when he
accepts the nomination for Vice President he
accepts the platform of the party without ref-
erence to his own individual opinions. But
in regard to the Blair letter allow me to say
what I understand the letter to be, and
what is the doctrine of the Democratic party
upon the subject of that letter. If the Su-
preme Court of the United States has declared,
as we believe the Supreme Court of the United
States has declared, that the reconstruction
acts of Congress are unconstitutional, then the
moment that declaration of the Supreme Court
is promulgated all those acts become officially
null and void, and it then becomes the duty of
the President of the United States to repeal
those acts by all the executive authority which
is within his power. They are acts without
the authority of law, and are binding upon no
one, and whoever attempts to execute those
acts goes against the law and the decision of
the constituted judicial authority of the land.
That is all I understand Mr. Blair to say in
his letter ; that the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, as it is believed, having declared in
the McCardle case that the reconstruction acts
of Congress are unconstitutional, it becomes
the duty of the Executive, whenever the pro-
mulgation of that decision is made, to carry
out the declaration of the Supreme Court, and
to restore the laws of the country to what they
were before the enactment of those acts by the
two Houses of Congress.
I believe those laws to be unconstitutional
and void ; we have so declared them to be in
our platform ; but if the Supreme Court of
the United States should declare them consti-
tutional, we shall submit to them, if not with
cheerfulness with deference profound and
humble ; for we acknowledge our constitutional
duty to obey all the laws of the land as ex-
pounded by the supreme judicial tribunal.
That is the platform of the Democratic party;
that is the platform of General Blair, our can-
didate for the Vice Presidency; and if the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts can
make more of it than the explanation I have
given, he has greater astuteness than New
England men usually have; and few have more
than they.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as we are both Yankees,
I wish the gentleman would give me his opin-
ion of the third resolution of the Republican
platform ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. No, sir; I cannot go
into a discussion of the Republican platfoim
at present. We are disposing of another plat-
form to-day, and that is sufficient.
Mr. Speaker, I have agreed to yield five
minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I would
like to have about three minutes.
Mr. BECK. I will postpone my remarks
until the gentleman from Pennsylvania gets
through.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I yield, then, in the first
place to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I merely
want to inquire of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] whether he recollects
that in 1804, before the last presidential elec-
tion, this Congress passed a law similar to the
hill now before us, to regulate the opening and
counting of the electoral votes; and by that
law we excluded from the count all the States
in rebellion, thus showing at least the jurisdic-
tion of Congress upon this subject 1
Mr. BROOKS. Let me ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether the existing state
of the country now in 1868 is not very differ-
ent from what it was at the time to which he
alludes?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Not a bit I
[Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. Are we in a state of re-
bellion ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. You are
in a state of rebellion, [laughter ;] and Prank
Blair so declares. He declares that the only
course for the Democratic party is to elect a
President who shall send the armies of the
Union to uproot all we have done in recon-
structing the South, forcibly deprive of the
right of suffrage about half of the legal voters,
reestablish the institution of slavery, reorgan-
ize the "white man's Government," and enforce
as the law of that country, not what Congress
says shall be the law, but what he and the
Democratic party may determine. Is not that
rebellion?
Mr. BROOKS. Sir, the Democratic party
is always in rebellion against tyranny and
tyrants. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. So it is ;
and anything bnta "white man's Government"
—a " Democratic" Government—is with that
party "tyranny." They are always in rebel-
lion against everything but " Democratic,"
pro-slavery rule. For slavery is as the apple
of their eye ; slavery they " roll like a sweet
morsel under their tongues." And when the
Republicans have stricken slavery from the
institutions of this country, declaring every
man as free as air, the Democracy call upon
the people to elect a President who shall re-
establish the old Government, (those are the
very words, 1 believe,) a President who shall
exclude from the ballot a large part of the
present voters, and allow the right of suffrage
to those only who enjoyed the right under the
old slave system.
But, sir, I rose simply to show that Congress
possesses jurisdiction of this subject, which the
gentleman from New York denied. We exer-
cised jurisdiction before Mr. Lincoln was
elected the second time. We passed a law to
exclude in the presidential election the votes
of the rebel States. That settles the question
of jurisdiction. So that the only question isas
to the expediency of the proposed law.
Mr. BROOKS. Let, me ask the gentleman
a question. From what provision of the Con-
stitution, unless k be that with regard to sup-
pressing insurrection and rebellion, does he
derive the authority to pass such a bill as this?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I derive
it from the provision giving Congress authority
to open and count the electoral votes. Of course
we are to provide the means by which that shall
be done. Should Canada be allowed to send
in electoral votes? And on the same prin-
ciple have we not the power to exclude the rebel
States ? Yet they were always in the Union,
they were always entitled to be represented
here, according to the doctrine of the gen-
tleman and his slavery tribe, for it is nothing
better. The Democratic party! Why, sir, it
is the slave party. It is nothing but a slave
party, and it will be a slave party until we grind
them to powder under our heels, and Freedom,
with the flapping of her wings, shall blow
the dust out of existence and consign them to
everlasting oblivion. God grant that day may
soon come! [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has twelve minutes left.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 will yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, as the proposition
before the House seemed to have been lost sight
of in the political discussion which has sprung
up, I promised the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Boutmll] if he would allow me five
minutes that I would avoid general politics
