1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Orth.
Ho, of Repb.
Mr. SWITZLER. I spoke to the gentleman
on yesterday in regard to using this letter, and
no objection was stated. At all events I will
take the responsibility of reading it in order
that strangers to me may not be misled upon
the trial of this false issue. It is a letter of
introduction to Hon. P. Sawyer :
Fremont, "Wiscoxsix, April 20,3868.
Hon. P. Sawyer, Member of Congress :
Will you allow me to introduce to you Colonel
William Switzler, of Missouri, and to presume on
my long acquaintance with you to otter a word of
evidence in nisbehaltconcernmg the contest between
him and Hon. Mr. Anderson for the scat of the
ninth congressional distnet of Missouri. I "cam-
paigned" some in Colonel Switzler's vicinity during
the war, and know that he stood up firmly and fear-
lessly for the " old flag " during" our struggle; that
he was considered a " marked man " by the rebel
bushwhackers, and obliged to leave his house and
sleep in the woods more than once to avoid being
murdered because of his activity in the Union cause.
Ho sheltered and fed our boys, ot whom I was one ,*
nursed them in sickness, and ever kept the "latch-
string" out to us. I was leftin his town sick, and his
wife and himself sought me out, nursed mo most
carefully, and when well enough to rejoin my com-
mand the coloncl himself became one of my escort
to Centralia, where I took the cars for St. Louis.
After the war I spent several months in his town and
was almost daily in his society and that of his family.
It was during the canvass which raised tho present
issue between him and Mr. Anderson, and although I
do not agree with himin bis political views of the pres-
ent situation, I unhesitatingly say that I believe ho
was fairly and honorably elected byamajorityof the
legal votes cast, and should our House of ilepre-
sentatives so decide, I feel certain that no more fair,
candid, and honest friend to the perpetuity of our
Government will have a seat there than Colonel
Switzler.
Your friend, E. A. SHERBURNE.
' The writer was a captain of an Iowa infantry
regiment; is an intelligent, noble-hearted gen-
tleman, and a gallant soldier, to whom this
House recently voted a pension because of dis-
abilities incurred by liim in the service of his
country.
killwg of colonel ellswoktii.
But I must desist, for I shall not have time
to go into all this record, comparatively small
as it is. Once for all, however, and I trust for
the last time, I will again garrote a paragraph
from my newspaper, the Statesman, paraded
by Mr. Benjamin in his speech, in regard to
the killing of Colonel Ellsworth, early in 1861,
at the Marshall House in Alexandria. The
paragraph was published in my paper, a fugi-
tive article from some other journal, just as
there was recently a fugitive paragraph in the
Evening Star, of this city, in regard to the
Speaker of this House. I could not have writ-
ten it and do not indorse its sentiments, as
years ago I announced in my paper. It speaks
of how Brownell "looks," evidently^ being
written by some person who had seen him. _ 1
never saw him, and again thus publicly dis-
avow the paragraph, hoping, perhaps, against
hope that no Radical partisan ^ill hereafter,
even when impaled and hard pressed by the
record, as the sitting member is in this case,
palm it upon the country as uttering my views.
gove un or. fletcher's letter—the slave commis-
sion.
Sir, unfair means have been employed to
prejudice me and my case before this House,
the whole object being to invent some subter-
fuge or concoct some sham issue in order to
avoid a vote on the report of the committee
and deny me my seat at this session of Con-
gress. The Radical members from Missouri
on this floor, as is evident from Mr. Benja-
min's speech, are afraid that if the report of
the committee be ratified Missouri will be lost
at the next election. Hence the extraordinary
efforts and the appeals to party power which
have been invoked to shirk the issues of the
record and to postpone final action. Ilenee
the sitting member, although he had a full
hearing before tho committee and four months
in which to take testimony according to law,
has appointed his counsel " a smelling com-
mittee" to "nose" around this Capitol and
elsewhere to trump up testimony ex parte and
illegal, to bolster aeause hopelessly lost before
a committee of this House. Hence Governor
Fletcher's letter and the note of Mr. Mills of
the slave commission, both written since the
committee reported, neither of them under
oath and their testimony not subjected to cross-
examination or the usual teste of truth before
a court. Both gave testimony trumped up for
the occasion to answer a special purpose, and
without any notice whatever to me.
Sir, I have thi3 to say in regard to the note
of Mr. Mills, April 10, 1868, wherein ho states
that my claim for an enlisted slave was rejected
by the commission on account of my disloyalty;
that he does not specify who deposed before
the commission, or what acts of disloyalty, or
when or where committed, superinduced the
decision; that I had no opportunity of being
heard in explanation or defense, for it was
all a star-chamber proceeding of which Mr.
Benjamin's speech on yesterday gave me the
first notice ; that accidentally, a few days ago,
meeting with Mr. Marsh in this city, he being
also a member of the commission, I was in-
formed by him that neither my own claim nor
anyfrom thecounty of Boone had been decided
by the commission. So much, then, for that.
conclusion.
Mr. Speaker, there are thousands of Union
officers and soldiers to whom I would confi-
dently submit the question of my loyalty dur-
ing the war, and to none more confidently than
the several commandants of the department
of the Missouri and the provost marshals^gen-
eral of that department; Halleck, Curtis, Scho-
field, and Dodge, the latter a member of this
House from Iowa, but now absent from the city.
Tho present Secretary of War, General Sclio-
field, knows me well, knew me during the
entire war, and can easily be consulted. I
will abide his decision in the premises; I will
abide General Dodge's. A few days since I
met in this city Geneial Lewis Merrill and
Colonel \V. P. Shaffer, of New York, both of
whom, for anything I know, may be in the gal-
lery at this moment. Both of them differ
with me politically, but they are gentlemen of
honor and will testify the truth. Both of them,
as officers of " Merrill's Horse," were in my
town on duty with a portion of their regiment
from January 8,1862, to July of the same year.
They know me well; and if either of them
will sav I was disloyal to the Union, was a
rebel during the rebellion, I pledge myself to
retire from this contest at once. Ay, more, if
either of them will not declare that I was an
active, outspoken Union man, uncondition-
ally for the maintenance of the integrity and
unity of the Republic, as an editor, as a citi-
zen, and as an officer, I will trouble this Con-
gress no further with this case.
Sir, the charge of disloyalty and the motion
to recommit is a dodge, a sham ; is a piece of
poor party strategy designed to carry this case
over to the next session of Congress. Ana
this for the reason that the sitting member, not-
withstanding his political friends outnumber
mine three to one on this floor, is afraid of a
direct vote on the merits of the controversy.
Gentlemen, domejustiee. lamyourpolitieal
opponent, thatis true, and expect to be to the
end of the conflict. In this I am candid and
honest. I come not here to ask favors, but
to demand the rights of the people under the
Constitution—their right to be represented by
the man of their choice. Permit not the sit-
ting member to take refuge behind this false
and shameless issue, and thus retain to the end
of the term a seat to which he is not entitled.
Dome justice. See to it that he and his coun-
sel face the line of battle as formed in the
legal record. Your committee declare he is not
entitled to the seat he usurps here, and that m
law it is mine by more :han a thousand major-
ity. If I am entitled to it, vote it to me. if 1
am not and he is, confirm him in it, and thus
end this protracted and vexatious contest.
Purchase of Alaska.
SPEECH OP HON. GODLOVE S. ORTH
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
July 10, 1868,
On the bill (H. R. No. 1096) making an appropriation
to carry into effect tho treaty with Russiaof March
30,1868.
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Chairman, we are now
engaged in the consideration of a bill provid-
ing for the payment of the money as stipulated
in the treaty by which wo recently acquired
from Russia her American possessions.
Notwithstanding the exhaustive debate which
this subject has received, I feel_ it my duty to
present some of the reasons which influenced
my action in the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and which will determine my vote on the final
passage of the bill. It is also due to that
committee and the House, in view of our con-
stitutional obligations, and the national import-
ance which attaches to and surrounds this pur-
chase that the principal objections which
have been urged against the bill, should be
fairly reviewed. This I shall endeavor briefly
to accomplish.
What, then, is a treaty? It is "an agree-
ment, league, or contract between two or more
nations or sovereigns, formally signed by com-
missioners properly authorized, and solemnly
ratified by the several sovereigns or supreme
power of each State." Hence the power to
make a treaty is an atti-ibute of sovereignty,
and one of the highest of those attributes. _ In
despotic and monarchical Governments it is
most generally lodged in the king or the em-
peror ; in our Government this power, by virtue
of the Constitution, is vested in the President
and Senate of the United States. From the
earliest history of our Government even down
to the discussions which have arisen upon the
treaty now under consideration there has been
a wide difference of opinion among some of
our most eminent statesmen as to whether the
House of Representatives has any control over
treaties so as to limit or restrifctthem or in any
■wise to interfere with their provisions.
This question, however, is more theoretical
than practical, for amid all the various discus-
sions which have ensued upon it from the Jay
treaty in 1794 to the present time, the House
of Representatives has never refused to carry
out the provisions of a treaty solemnly made
and ratified by the President and the Senate.
Not a single instance is known where tho
House has ever refused to^ make necessary
appropriations to carry treaties into effect, and
il would seem that this universal practice on
the part of the House would tend at least very
strongly to settle the proposition that when
the President and the Senate have, in pursu-
ance of the power conferred upon them by the
Constitution, entered into a compact, or treaty
that it is binding upon all departments of the
Government and upon the people ot the United
States. What is the practical common sense
view of this provision of the Constitution? By
it we have proclaimed to the world that the
President, with the advice and consent of the
Senate, shall have right to make treaties._ It
is a power of attorney given by the American
people to those two departments of their Gov-
ernment, giving notice to the nations of the
earth that they are authorized to make con-
tracts on behalf of the American people., _ It
is a power conferred by the Constitution with-
out limitation or restriction, and like a power
granted by one individual to another author-
izes tho grantee to bind his grantor to tae
extent of the power vested. Speaking of tins
subject, Kent, in his Commentaries, volume
one, page 105, says:
"If the treaty requires the
Imtby U'act'oKeSgistotvuSM treaty is morally
oWigaC upontbe iolislature to pass tho law. and
