2954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8*
Mr. PRICE. I agree to that.
Mr. ALLISON. It should be attached to
section fifty-seven. I do not object to it, but
there is where it should be.
Mr. PRICE. Very well; let it be put there.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objec-
tion it will be attached to section fifty-seven.
Mr. PRICE. Then I modify it so as to
read, '' this or any other section,1' instead of
"this or any preceding section."
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. LOAN. I move to add to the end of
section fifty-nine as follows :
Provided, That no ofiicerof Liu; United States shall
directly or indirectly receive any part of any fine,
penalty, or any forfeiture as an informer under this
act.
Mr. Chairman, the proposition contained in
this amendment has reference to those officers
.of the revenue whose duty it is to attend to its
collection, but who have perverted their office
into that of the informer. They neglect to
discharge their duties under the law because
they find it more to their interest to permit
violations of the law and then come in in the
character of informers. I want to take away
from such men all motive to disregard the
duties of their office.
Mr. BLAINE. Will that make them any
the more careful and honest ?
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted. I can see no reason, if
we allow a moiety, why it should bo refused to
a man because he happens to be an officer of
the United States. It seems to me, if we are
to hold out the inducement of a moiety, there
is no reason why it should be denied to a faith-
ful officer, why he should not receive it as well
as other persons. I hope the amendment will
be rejected.
Mr. LOAN. I move to strike out the last
word, in order to have the opportunity to reply
to the gentleman from Iowa. It has come
under my personal knowledge that officers
whose duty it was to collect the revenue have
allowed violations of law time and again for
the express purpose of turning informers, and
in this way receiving quadruple the amount
of their salaries. Here is an assistant assessor
at five dollars a day, and if he turns informer
he may make $5,000. It is much better for
them to disregard their duties as assessors,
permit violations of law, and then come for-
ward as informers and secure the moiety.
Mr. BLAINE. If a man is knave enough
to do that, what is the restriction that he would
not employ some man outside?
Mr. LOAN. My amendment says directly
or indirectly.
Mr. ALLISON. I oppose the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment was also rejected.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 60. And be it further eilacted, That the judge
of any circuit; or district court of the United States,
or any commissioner thereof, may issue a search war-
rant, authorizing any internal revenue officer to
search any premises, if such officer shall make affi-
davit in writing that he has reason to believe, and
does believe, that a fraud upon the revenue has
been or is being committed upon or by the use of
said premises.
Mr. MERCUR. I move after the word
"writing" to insert "particularly describing
the place to be searched, and the person or
things to be seized."
Mr. Chairman, the Constitution has sought
to throw safeguards around the rights of all
citizens, so as to protect them, among other
things, from unreasonable searches; and it has
provided that before a search shall be made a
warrant shall issue 
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman will allow
me to interrupt him, I will say that I hope his
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. MERCUR. If there is no opposition
to the amendment I do not care to discuss it.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
next section was read as follows:
Sec. 61. And be it further enacted, That any internal
revenue officer who shall be or become interested,
directly or indirectly, in tho manufacture of tobacco,
snuff, or cigars, or in the production, rectification,
or redistillation of distilled spirits, or in the produc-
tion of fermented liquors, shall be dismissed from
office; and any such officer who shall become so in-
terested in any such manufacture or production,
rectification, or redistillation, shall, on conviction,
be fined not less than $500 nor more than 85,000.
Mr. LOAN. I move to amend by striking
out the section just read. I make this motion
in deference to the vote given by the commit-
tee upon the amendment which I offered a few
miputes ago. If, as the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Blaixe] says,' these men are all honest,
I can see no objection to allowing them to
engage in the business of distillation and the
manufacture of tobacco, or in any other occu-
pation which the law recognizes as proper and
right. If they are entitled to receive, in addi-
tion to their salary, their moiety not exceeding
$5,000 in the character of informer, I see no
reason why they should not engage in the dis-
tillation of spi) its, the manufacture of tobacco,
or anything of that kind. Hence, in view of
the sentiment of the committee, as expressed
upon my previous amendment, I think it very
improper that this section should bo retained
in the bill.
Mr. BLAINE. I beg to say to the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Loax] that I did not
say these officers were all honest. I merely
said that the gentleman's amendment would
fail to make them honest; that it would only
give their rascality another and a worse chan-
nel in which to run.
The amendment was not agreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 62. And be it further enacted, That if any officer
or agent appointed and actmgunder the authority of
any revenue law of tho United States shall be guilty
of any extortion or willful oppression, under color
of law, or shall knowingly demand other or greater
sums than shall be authorized by law.orshall receive
any fee, compensation, or reward except as hy law
prescribed for the performance of any duty, or shall
willfully neglect to perform any of thedukes enjoined
on him by law, or shall conspire or colludc with any
other person to defraud the United States, or shall
make opportunity for anyperson to defrandtlie Uni-
ted (States, or shall do, or omit to do, any act with
intent to enable any other person to defraud the
United States, or shall make or sign any false certifi-
cate or return in any case where he is by law or reg-
ulation requiicd to make a certificate or return, or
having knowledgeor information of the violation of
any revenue law by any person, or of fraud com-
mitted by any person a sains tthe United States tinder
any revenue law of the United States, shall fail to
report in writing such knowledge or information to
his next superior oiticei, and to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, or shall demand or accept or
attempt to collect, directly or indirectly, as payment
or gift or otherwise, any sum of money or other thing
of value for the compromise, adjustment, or settle-
ment of any charge or complaintfor any violation or
alleged violation of law, except as expressly author-
ized by law so to do, he shall be dismissed from ollice,
and shall beheld to be guilty of a misdemeanor, and
shall, on conviction, be fined not less than $1,000 nor
more than §5,000, and be imprisoned not less than six
months nor more than three years.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
section just read by striking out the words,
" or shall make or sign any false certificate or
returns in any case where he is by law or reg-
ulation required to make any certificate or
return," and inserting in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
Or shall negligently or designedly permit any vio-
lation of the law by any other person, or shall make
or sign any false entry in any book or make or sign
any faL-c certificate or return in anycase where he is
by law or regulation to make any entry, certificate
or return.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 63. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner, asquint commissioner, deputy commis-
1 sioners, and supervisors of internal revenue, col-
| lectors, and deputy collcotors, and assessors and
j assistant assessois. are hereby authorized to admin-
i ister oaths and take testimony touching any pait of
I theadmimstrationot'this act with which theyarere-
| spoctively charged,or where such oaths and testimony
1 are by law authorized to be taken; and any officer
| of internal revenue, authorized to administer oaths,
1 who shall falsely sign, date, or certify to the certifi-
cat© of anyjurat, or shall so sign, date, or certifr,
without administering the oath or a&rmation which
such certificate represents to have been administered,
shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and shall, on con-
viction thereof, be imprisoned, at hard labor not less
than oneyear nor more than five years. And it any
person in any cube, matter, hearing, or proceeding,
under and relating to the internal revenue laws ot
the United States, in which an oath or affirmation
shall be required to be taken or administered under
or by the internal revenue lawsot the Unitedbudes,
shall, upon the taking of such oath or affirmation,
knowingly and willingly swear or affirm falsely, every
person so offending shall be deemed guilty of penury,
and shall, on conviction thereof, be liable to the Pun-,
isbment prescribed for that offense by the laws ot the
United States.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by
striking out, near the beginning of the last sen-
tence the words, "under and relating to the
internal revenue laws ot the United folates.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 64. And be it further enacted. That every inter-
nal revenue officer, whose payment, charges, salary,
or compensation shall be composed, either wholly or
in part, of fees, commissions, allowances, or rewards,
from whatever source derived, shall be required to
render to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, at
such times and in such manner as he shall by general
regulations prescribe, a statement under oath speci-
fying the several amounts received from such tees,
commissions, emoluments, allowances, or rewards ot
whatever nature, or kom whatever source derived;
and if any such officer shall neglect or reiuse to
render such statement as so required, he shall, on
conviction therooi, be lined not l<?ss than feiOu nor
more than $<X)0.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. So. And be it further enacted. That if two or
more persons conspire either to commit any offense
against theinternal revenue laws of the United States
or to defraud tho United States in any manner what-
ever of any internal revenue tax, and one or more
of said parties to said conspiracy shall do any act to
effect the object thereof, the parties to said conspiracy
shall each be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
on conviction thereoi shall be fined not less than
$500 and not more than jiU.OUU, and imprisoned not
lets than six months nor more than five years.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by
adding at the end of the section the following:
And when any offense shall be begun in one judi-
cial district of the United States, and completed in
another, every such offense shall be deemed to have
been committed in either of the said districts, and
may be dealt with, inquired of, tried, determined,
and punished in either of the said districts in the
same manner as if it had been actually and wholly
committed therein.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment was oifered.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 6g. And be it further enacted* That if any per-
son shall falsely represent hiia=clt to be a revenue
officer of the United S.ates, ana shall in such assumed
character demand or receiv ? any morfey or other arti-
cle of value irom any person lor any tax due to the
United States, or for any violation or pretended vio-
lation of any revenue law of the United States, such
person shall be deemed guilty of a felony, anu on
conviction thereof shall be fined not less than
nor more than £<3,000, and be imprisoned not iess than
six months nor more than live years.
No amendment was oifered. *
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 67. And be it further enaetcl. That if any per-
son shall forcibly obstruct or hinder any assessor or
assistant assessor, or any collector ur deputy col-
lector, or any other officer in the execution of any
provision of the law relating1 to internal revenue, or
of any power or authority vested by law in any such
officer, or shall forcibly rescue, or cause to be res-
cut d, any piopeity, articles, or objects, alter the
; same sdiall have been seized or detained by any such
i oiliccr, or shall attempt or endea\or bo tv do, the
; person so offending snail, on conviction thereof, for
j every such offtake be lined not lesi than $ll'0 nor
| more than $5,000, and bo imprisoned not le^s than
, one month nor more than live years.
| No amendment was offered.
| The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. OS. And h it further enacud, That any person
J may bung a^uit in ,;i.y circuit or d^uiet court of
i the United State?, in anv proper form o! action, to
j recover back any money or the value ot any property
j whicn may have been paid or given by him or on his
i account to any revenue ollicer or agent of the United
1 States for any illegal act done, or to be done, by any
: officer or agent; or for the withholding of inforina-
j tion of fraud by such officer or agent; or as a share
of profits to said ollicer ur agent arising eut of any
1 business carried on or to be carried on in violation
j of any revenue law of the United States: or in con-
j sideralion of said oilicer or agent failing to do his
' duty in any matter as required by law; or for money
I paid such officer or agent on account of his official
j position or appointment, and without otherconsider-
1 ation. And the party bunging such suit, and prose-
