430
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 10,!
Ho. OF R.KPS.
Purchase of Alaska—-Mr. Qrth.
40th Cojtg....2d Sess.
to refuse it would bo a broach of public faith. The
department of the Government that is intrusted by
the Constitution with the treaty-making power is com-
petent to bind the national faith in its discretion."
And again, on page 175, he remarks:
*' Treaties of every kind, when made by the compe-
tent authority, aro as obligatory upon nations as
private contracts are binding upon individuals."
Story, in his Commentaries on the Constitu-
tion, holds similar views on this subject.
Those gentleinen who, in previous discus-
sions, as well as in debate upon this question,
maintain the position that the House of Rep-
resentatives has some control at least over a
treaty, base their argument more upon their
fears of the abuse of the treaty-making power
than upon any logical deductions from the Con-
stitution. Ithas been said, and repeated again
and again, that the President and the Senate
may act corruptly, may force partial and unsat-
isfactory contracts upon the people, and hence
they draw the inference (a very slight one, it
must be confessed) that the House of Repre-
sentatives is a necessary adjunct to the treaty -
makiug power in order to prevent frauds or
abuses in the other departments of the Govern-
ment. These arguments, if they have any
weight at all, could with more propriety be ad-
dressed to a convention called to form or revise
a constitution than to a branch of tho Govern-
ment deriving its existence from such consti-
tution, and whose duty it is to give it support
and efficiency. Tho treaty-making power must
be lodged somewhere, and the framers of our
Constitution, after mature deliberation and full
discussion, deemed it most wise and prudent
that it should be vested in the President and the
Senate. They could hardly conceive that a
President and two thirds of the Senators would
ever consent to a treaty that was fraudulent in
its character or inimical to the interests of the
people. But it is said that no appropriations
of money can be made without the consent of
the House of Representatives; and hence the
House, having this power over appropriations
of public money, can refuse its assent to an
appropriation to carry out the provisions of a
treaty when those provisions are repugnant to
its feelings and judgment.
But, aie there not many instances in our
legislative history where this House is called
upon to make appropriations of money when
the object of such appropriations may not be
in accordance with their wishes? Take tho
case of salaries paid to any of our public offi-
cers—tho law may long since have fixed such
salaries—while the House may have endeav-
ored to increase or diminish such salary, but
failed for want of concurrence by the Senate,
would the House be justified in refusing an
appropriation under such circumstances?
Again, a law of a former Congress may have
authorized a loan of money upon terms which
are not acceptable to the present House of
Representatives, would we for this reason re-
fuse an appropriation necessary to meet tho
interest or to pay the principal of such loan.
Let us not lose sight of the distinction between
the words "power" and "right" as used in
this connection. We may have tho power to
refuse all appropriations necessary to carry on
the vast machinery of this great Republic, or
to provide for the defense of its rights or the
maintenance of its honor, but have wo the right
thus to act in our legislative capacity. Should
we thus abuse the authority with which we are
intrusted there would be no remedy until the
close of our official term, when such authority
would revert' to the people to be by them trans-
ferred to other and more worthy hands.
But have gentlemen on the other side re-
flected how exceedingly limited a view of the
rights of this House they have taken when they
hold that we can only exercise a supervisory
control over treaties which require appropria-
tions of money. If the House can only exer-
cise a control over such treaties, how are we
to guard the honor and interests of the nation '
wnen those ■■ r. atn'n'.pted to be perverted i:■ y a
President and Senate who act unworthily of
their high positions. Can it be possible that
the House will only claim this power when
mere pecuniary considerations are at stake, and
fail to claim it when tho honor and dignity and
the highest interests of the people arc con-
cerned? . We have this power over alftreaties,
or we have it over none. If we, as the direct
Representatives of the people, assert any au-
thority over these questions, let us assert it to
the full extent, and claim that in every treaty
we have power to say whether it shall become
the supreme law of the land or not. Why is
it that gentlemen who oppose tho appropria-
tion of this money are willing to limit their
authority to the mere question of paying money
and relinquish it when other questions far
above and beyond any mere pecuniary con-
siderations may be affected by treaties which
the President and Senate may see proper to
conclude ? Does not this position carry with
it its own inherent weakness and its own refu-
tation? For no gentleman, so far as I have
been able to learn, has yet taken the position
that the control of this House extends to all
treaties made by the President and Senate.
I will now consider some of the special
objections urged against the passage of this
bill. The gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Washburn,] who has been most prominent in
tho lead of the opposition to this bill, plants
himself upon throe grounds. First, ho tells us
that the treaty was" made in secret, and without
consulting the American people. If he will
look into the debates upon the formation of the
Constitution, he will find that this was one of
the reasons most strongly urged why the treaty-
making power should be vested in tho President
and the Senate. It is frequently of the highest
importance that transactions between one na-
tion and another should be held in most pro-
found secrecy until such transaction has been
fully consummated. To make it known to the
world pending the negotiations might and most
probably would, in most instances, tend to
frustrate the very object aimed at. Nations, in
this respect, are like individuals. When A
and B desire to enter into a contract with ref-
erence to the sale and purchase of land or other
property, or with regard to any business or com-
mercial transactions, they do not call in their
uninterested neighbors and make known to
them their objects and purposes.
Thus nations about entering into negotia-
tions affecting their individual rights and inter-
ests are under no obligations, express or
implied, to inform the world of their purposes
and intentions. If treaties in their inception
and progress to consummation were to pass
through the ordinary forms of legislation, pub-
lic to the whole world, intermeddling nations
might resort to devices and schemes that would
lead at least to entanglements, if not entirely
prevent their consummation. If this treaty
has been made in good faith by the high con-
tracting parties ; if it be within the constitu-
tionpl purview of tho power conferred upon
the President and tho Senate, the feet o^ its
being made in secret is no argument against
its validity. We must have faith in our Presi-
dents, and we must have faith in our Senators.
They are eventually responsible to the people,
though not so immediately as we are. If in
the exercise of their high functions they de-
ceive the people or disregard their rights and
interests, the time will come with them as it
comes with us for the people to pass upon
their acts, and to hold them to the same ac-
count as they hold all their public agents.
The next objection of the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. WASiiisrits] is that "the prop-
erty acquired by this treaty is utterly worth-
less.'' Now, admitting for the sake of the
argument that this House can pass upon that ,
question, I beg to take issue with the gen- i
tlemau upon this proposition. Turn your eyes '
upon that quarter of the globe and see what I
lias b«eii trai! <'-rri>(! to us by !h ■ e;np ^ror of ;
Russia. A tract of land in extent five times
greater than the State of New York, rich in
minerals, in wood, in furs, and in fisheries,
rich in its navigable streams and the fertility
of its soil, rich in that grand chain of islands
stretching out its arms from the American to
the Asiatic continent, and forming, as must be'
apparent to the most casual observer, the key
to the commerce and control of the Pacific
ocean. Upon the American shores of that
great ocean you already find a busy, teeming,
prosperous, civilized, and Christian community,
vieing successfully in the arts and sciences, in
everything that ennobles humanity with their
fellow-citizens upon the Atlantic sea-board.
Cities have sprung up as by magic where,
within the present generation, the wild Indian
or sluggish Mexican had entire control.
And the arguments which were used against
the acquisition of California, both in the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, as a refer-
ence to the debates of those times will show,
were hardly less vehement, and certainly not
more reasonable, than those which are brought
to bear against the acquisition of Alaska.
While tbe world beholds this gratifying spec-
tacle upon our own borders of the Pacific,
what does Asia present to us? Japan has
already opened some of her principal ports to
the commerce of the world, and is ready and
willing to enter into still closer commercial
relations. We are her neighbors, and must
inevitably control herc.ommerce. China, ready
to abandon the seclusive policy which has char-
acterized that rich empire for hundreds and
hundreds of years, is now seeking a closer fel-
lowship and a more intimate relation with the
nations of the earth ; and while wc are debat-
ing as to whether the money shall be paid as
stipulated for in this treaty, we find a Chinese
embassy in our own capital, headed by one of
our distinguished sons, coming to us with open
arms, saying, we too are ready and willing
to exchange our commodities with yours, to
receive the benefits and advantages of your
advanced civilization, and in return to pour
into your laps the rich and inexhaustible treas-
ures of the countless millions of our own peo-
ple. These events are rapidly attracting to
the shores of the Pacific, East and West, the
attention of the civilized world. That ocean,
commercially so long calm aud quiet, as it
always is physically, will soon be the center of
a commerce and of business activity that will
rival the stormy Atlantic.
With the possession of Alaska and her hun-
dred islands we can command and control the
commerce of that ocean : with Alaska in the
possession of a commercial rival such as Great
Britain our commerce will be crippled, if not
destroyed : and yet, in view of these facts, the
gentleman from Wisconsin assures this House
that this purchase "is utterly worthless."
Already we are stretching our railroads from
the Atlantic to the Pacific. The great argu-
ment used to induce the American Congress
to lend its munificent aid to the construction
of these national works was that by their com-
pletion we could control the commerce of
Asia, bring it over our own continent to our
great emporium, the city of >,'ew York, thence
to be distributed to the various parts of the
world. When no w we have it within our reach
thus greatly to increase our commercial advan-
tages in the Pacific and in a proportionate ratio
control the trade of Asia, we should rather be
found unanimous in our votes upon this ques-
tion than to bo higgling as to whether we will
pay the pitiful sum of $7,000,(100 for so gieat
a boon.
Ilis third objection is that if we consent to
the payment of this mor.ey it will be an induce-
ment to tlie President aud the Senate here-
after to make further acquisitions of territory.
The gentleman has studied to little advantage
the sentiments of our people if he supposes
for a single moment that they are opposed to
territorial extension. Does he leeollect the
