1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Orlh.
Ho. op Reps.
history of the Louisiana purchase? Has he
forgotten how intensely that purchase was ridi-
culed ; how every argument which human
ingenuity could invent was brought to bear
against its confirmation? But the American
people, imbued with a sentiment of greatness
and grandeur which attaches to our country,
not only consented to its purchase, but are
ready, as recent events have abundantly shown,
to sacrifice millions of treasure and thousands
of lives rather than to lose the control of the
lower Mississippi. So with the acquisition of
Florida, itself almost a constant succession of
marshes and morasses, with no mineral wealth,
no large rivers, and with but little arable land,
and to which the gentleman's term of "utter
worthlessness" would be more applicable than
it is to the territory of Alaska. But Florida
is the key to the Gulf of Mexico, and we could
not suffer it to remain in the hands of a for-
eign Power.
This argument will not deter me. We may
need other acquisitions, and if so, in time
we shall have them. No American having a
due appreciation of the interests of his own
country will hesitate for a moment to say that
we must own the British possessions upon the
Pacific, and having acquired the Russian pos-
sessions the inevitable tendency will be, and
that, too, within a comparatively short space of
time, to give us those possessions. Let us plant
our free institutions, and the energy and activity
for which our people are so preeminent on the
northern limits of British America as they now
exist on its southern limits, and it needs no
prophetic ken to foretell the effects which will
be produced upon the immediate future of
those intervening possessions. In an evil hour
we relinquished our right to this now British
territory, for our title as far north as "fifty-
four forty," was regarded by our citizens as
clear and indisputable. This territory must
sooner or later come again under our jurisdic-
tion, and the statesmen who shall be able to
accomplish this result will erect for themselves
enduring monuments in the affections of the
American people.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabak-
ger,] whose absence from this Hall on account
of serious illness we all so much deplore, has
suited as his principal objection that the terri-
tory of Alaska is not contiguous to the United
States; that by this acquisition we are entering
upon a new and untried experiment; that hith-
erto our acquisitions have been of territory
contiguous to our own ; that the strength of a
nation depends upon its compactness, and that
we weaken ourselves by acquiring territory
lying beyond our own possessions. I cannot
see the force of this objection. It is true that
some five hundred miles of ocean travel lie
between the northern limits of the United
States and the southern boundary of Alaska,
but has that gentleman or has this House for-
gotten that upon our acquisition of California,
alt,hough the territory was contiguous, so to
speak, to our own, yet we were separated from
it by the almost impassable barriers of the
Rocky mountains, and that our early emigrants
and adventurers sought homes in that new ac-
quisition by way of the 'Isthmus of Panama,
through foreign territory, or else by doubling
Cape Horn and incurring the perils of a sea
voyage of thousands of miles ?
But shall it be said that we will now lay it
down as a principle to be adhered to in all
eoming time that we will only purchase or
acquire contiguous territory ? Would t he gen-
tleman from Ohio, or would any member of
this House be willing to take the responsibility
of refusing the acquisition of the Sandwich
Islands, those beautiful islands of the Pacific,
redeemed by American civilization aud Chris-
tianity from heathenish barbarism, and whose
people are almost ready even now to link their
fortunes with our fortunes, to acknowledge our
flag as their flag, and our Constitution as their
Constitution. The American people will never
consent to the adoption of this principle.
They will acquire territory whenever and where-
ever their interest or their honor may lead tliem
to do so.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Air.
Butler] opposes the passage of this bill with
his usual vehemence and his usual ingenuity.
His positions have been rather in the nature
of attacks upon the executive department of
the Government or by appeals to the fears of
the American people than arguments addressed
to our judgments and understanding. He has
drawn a distinction between executed and non-
executed treaties, and while he concedes to
the President and Senate or to the other powers
of the Government the right to act under exe-
cuted treaties, he denies to them such power
under what he esteems unexecuted treaties,
the latter requiring something to be done, such
as the payment of money, which can only be
by the concurrence of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
_ The treaty under consideration contains
eight articles, and of these eight but one re-
lates to the payment of money. If his posi-
tion be true, then it follows that seven of the
articles of the treaty are now a part of the
supreme law of the land, while the sixth arti-
cle can only become so after the House has
consented to pay the purchase-money. He
states that the President has taken illegal pos-
session of this territory, and in support of this
position alludes to the fact that the purchase-
money has not yet been paid. Does the gen-
tleman suppose that if the House of Repre-
sentatives should refuse to pay this money
the treaty would therefore become null and
void? The treaty depends upon no such con-
tingency, the sovereignty of the territory and
our right of possession passed by its ratifica-
tion, and by its sixth article we become the
debtor of Russia to the amount stipulated.
Where is the illegality of the possession we
have taken ? The fourth article of the treaty
provides that—
"His majesty the emperor of all the Russias shall
appoint, with convenient dispatch, an agent or agen ts
for the purpose of formally delivering to a similar
agent or agents appointed on behalf of the United
States, tho territory, dominion, property, depend-
encies, and appurtenances which are ceded as above,
and for doing any other aet whieli may be necossary
in regard thereto. But the cession, with the risrbt of
immediate possession, is nevertheless to be deemed
complete and absolute on the exchange of ratifica-
tions, without waiting lor such formal delivery."
I "understand that in pursuance of this arti-
cle the Russian authorities formally delivered
actual possession of the territory, dominion,
property, and appurtenances to our Govern-
ment, and by virtue of such delivery we are
in just and rightful possession of the territory.
There has been no illegal possession; there
have been no illegal acts; whatever has been
done was done in pursuance of a part of the
supreme law of the land.
But again, he states that the acquisition of
foreign populations is dangerous to the perpe-
tuity of our institutions; that by this treaty we
seek to incorporate among us and confer the
right of citizenship to men, women, and chil-
dren who are alien in sentiment, in civilization,
aud in icligiou to our own people.
Sir. Chairman, this with us is no untried
experiment, and taken in connection with the
limited number of the inhabitants of Alaska
cannot, even by the most timid, be considered
as dangerous to our institutions. What is the
extent of the population of Alaska? It is
variously estimated at from fifty to seventy-two
thousand. Take the highest of these numbers
and analyse its composition. Almost the
entire population is composed of tribes of
wild and wandering Indians. In 1857 it was
estimated that there were six hundred and
forty-four Russians, nineteen hundred and
three Creoles, aud seventv-two hundred and
forty-five aborigines under the direct govern-
ment of the Russian" Fur Company. The roost
reliable data do not place the present number
of Russians and Creoles at more than twenty-
five hundred, and .the number of aborigines
under control as aforesaid, at about eight thou-
sand. Of course under the provisions of this
treaty, citizenship is only conferred upon suck
Russians as may not return to their own coun-
try within three years, and to such-Creoles as
are now in that territory. To those who ih.ua
remain, as also the Creoles, this treaty gives,
(as is usual in similar treaties) the enjoyment
of all the rights, advantages, and immunities-
of citizens of the United States, and provides
that they shall be maintained and protected in
the free enjoyment of their liberty, property,
and religion. The treaty further provides that
the uncivilized tribes will be subject to such
laws and regulations as the United States may
from time to time adopt iu regard to aboriginal
tribes of that country.
Looking, then, at these twenty-five hundred
newly-made citizens, placing.it at the highest
number, is the gentleman from Slassachusetts
[Mr. Butler] really alarmed, and will this
House believe that he has just cause for
alarm? He certainly cannot have forgotten
that in the acquisition of NewMexico weincor-
porated with our population aud conferred
rights of citizenship upon at least one hundred
thousand people, who were ignorant of our
language and our laws and professed a religion
different from that of ourselves-. Yet the peo-
ple of New Mexico are peaceable, orderly, well
behaved, law-abiding, and attached to ourinsti-
tutions. Quietly and imperceptibly they have
been merged in our population ; their foreign
and antiquated ideas have given place to those
of a more liberal and enlightened kind. They
are rapidly adopting our habits, our laws, and
our civilization; and hcnce I repeat that the
experiment of incorporating a foreign element
by tho acquisition of territory is neither new
nor untried, and our past history does not
show that it is in any degree dangerous to the
purity and safety of our institutions.
Sir. Chairman, I must not forget.my friend
from Iowa [Mr. Price] in this connection. His
first position, if it were only a true one, would
be the most formidable that has yet been
taken. He asserts with boldness, and with
apparent candor, that this instrument which
has elicited so much discussion is no treaty,
nor is it a law, and if he had only adduced
some reasons in support of his position there
would be an end to the argument, and the fate
of this bill would be sealed. If no treaty has
been entered into between Russia and the
United States with regard to Alaska, then it is
worse than idle to talk about paying to Russia
any sum of money. Where there is no con-
tract there can be no obligation. If we have
received nothing from Russia, Russia can ex-
pect nothing front us. But I infer that tho
gentleman has but little faith in this position,
for he immediately plants himself upon an-
other, and that is that we have " already too
much land.:'
An attentive observer of the proceedings
of this House for the last five years, during
which time (under the leadership of that gen-
tleman as chairman of the Committee on the
Pacific railroad) Congress has voted away the
public domain of the Government by hundreds
of thousands of acres, would come to the con-
clusion that the time has arrived when other
lands will have to be acquired or else that, gen-
tleman" s occupation -will be gone. As already
intimated, it would be about as difficult to con-
vince the American people that tjiey have too
much land as it would be to convince a single
individual that he ought not to enjoy and pos-
sess all that which adjoins him. , .
Following this up he takes another position,
and that is that we have jio money with which
to meet this obligation.. Is tnat gentleman
