1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
547
shall be punished without trial before a jury of
his peers, especially in time of peace and when
the courts are all open as they are or ought to
be now. It takes all power from the President
and transfers it to the General of the Army,
and makes it a high misdemeanor for the Pres-
ident to interfere with or in any manner attempt
to control him or the subordinates he may see
fit to appoint.
In other words, it makes the General of the
Army, whoever he may be, absolute despot over
all these people. That we say is unconstitu-
tional ana cannot stand. Why, sir, the prop-
osition is monstrous, that the President of the
United States, made by the Constitution Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, who,
when called upon, is bound to aid any State in
putting down insurrection by the military force
of the country, who swears that he will seethe
laws faithfully executed, can, by a coordinate
branch of the Government be deprived of all
those powers and prerogatives, and reduced to
the low level of subserviency to the General of
the Army, who may control him with absolute
sway. That is another reason why we say that
such an act as this is unconstitutional, null, and
void—simply because it proposes to transfer to
an officer subordinate to the President powers
vested in the President as Commander-in-Chief,
and which he is required by his oath of office
to exercise.
Does any gentleman pretend that if General
Grant or any other general should attempt to
take away the life, liberty, or property of any
of the people in the South—men, women, or
children, loyal or disloyal—the President would
not have the right to interfere ? By this bill
the civil governments are declared at an end,
the writ of habeas corpus is suspended, and the
absolute will of the commanding general is made
the law of the land; and it is contended that this
is constitutional! If gentlemen would come
forward and say, "We are revolutionists," I
could understand them; but when they say,
"We are the Congress and are afctingin accord-
ance with the Constitution" then I say it is
impossible that they can defend the position
assumed.
And in this connection let me refer for a
moment to the remarks made yesterday by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Loan.] He
said: •
"But gentlemen on the other side may declare such
a couife to be unconstitutional. In fact, if I did not
misunderstand the remarks of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] this morning, he denies our
right to interfere in any way with those rebel gov-
ernments. The gentlemen on the other side of the
House may declare such a course to be unconstitu-
tional—revolutionary. I will not stop to controvert
their views, but will rely upon precedents in the past
to sustain the position."
He had not time to stop to consider so small
a matter as a constitutional question; he did
not care to argue about that, but he could take
time to indulge in remarks about " making
treason odious" and loyalty respectable, and
all that kind of thing. What have such con-
siderations to do with a constitutional ques-
tion? What have they to do with this bill? If
it is unconstitutional we ought not to pass it,
for every man who, knowing it to be uncon-
stitutional, votes to pass it, is violating the
oath which he has taken to support and main-
tain the Constitution. I do not believe this
bill is constitutional. Other gentlemen say
they believe it to be constitutional, and that is
the excuse they give for voting for it. But I
do not understand how any gentleman can get
np here and say that he does not care about
the constitutional question, that he does not
pretend to inquire whether it is constitutional
or not, but will go to what he considers the
graver question, "precedents in the past."
There are some great principles of govern-
ment which the gentleman from Missouri would
do well to study—principles upon which the
party with whom 1 am acting have planted
themselves. Let me read a statement of some
of those principles; and let the gentleman,
after hearing them, see whether he cannot
make a better argument. I refer to the first
inaugural address of Thomas Jefferson as con-
i taining the true principles upon which this Gov-
ernment is based; and all departures front them
are, in my judgment, violations of constitutional
liberty. A few of those principles—and I have
time to state only a few—are thus stated therein:
" Equal and exact justice to all men of whatever
State or persuasion, religious or political, the sup-
port of the State governments in all their rights as
the most competent administrators of our domestic
concerns and the surest bulwarks against anti-repub-
lican tendencies, a jealous care of the right of elec-
tion by the people, the supremacy of the civil over
the military authorities, freedom of religion, freedom
of the press, freedom of person under the protection
of the habeas corpu  ana trial by juries impartially
selected—these principles form the bright constella -
tion which has gone before us and guided our steps
through an age of revolution and reformation. The
wisdom of our sages and the blood of our heroes have
been devoted to their attainment. They should be
the creed of our political faith, the text of civil in-
, struction, the touchstone by which to try the services
of those we trust; and should we wander from them
| in moments of error or alarm let us hasten to retrace
1 our steps and to regain the road which alone leads
i to peace, liberty, and safety."
I I tell both of the gentlemen, that if they in-
I tend to be regarded as leaders of the people,
they will respect the rights of the States, free-
dom of elections, freedom of speech, freedom
of the press, trial by jury, and the protection
of personal liberty by the writ of habeas cor-
pus ; they will abandon at once their military
tribunals, and restore the right of trial by civil
tribunals, where every man may obtain justice
by an impartial jury, before which he may be
brought face to face with his accusers and their
witnesses. All these things are a part of the
rights of every man, and whenever they are
stricken down the liberty of the citizen is
destroyed.
And is not this done under the provisions
of the bill before us? What is to prevent any
lieutenant of the Army in the ten States from
seizing a citizen, without regard to his ante-
cedents, and depriving him of liberty and prop-
erty? Nothing whatever. And is notthe South
in a state of peace? Has it not been so pro-
claimed? Is it not more than two years since
there was any hostile army there ? Has not
the Supreme Court decided that in' time of
Eeace, when the courts are open, no man can
e deprived of his rights under the law by a
military tribunal ? Have you not done it al-
ready, and will you not do it more effectually
by the passage of this bill? What does the
court say in the case of Milligan ? Let me
read from that decision, which speaks of a
time when war was raging in parts of the
country:
"The proposition is this: That in a time of war the
commander of an armed force—if in his opinion the
exigencies of the country demand it, and of which
he is to judge—has the power, within the lines of his
military district, to suspend all civil rights and their
remedies, and subject citizens as well as soldiers to
the rule of hi3 will; and in the exercise of hfs lawful
authority can not be restrained, except by his superior
officer or the President of the United States. If this
position is sound to the extent claimed, then when
war exists, foreign or domestic, and the country is
sub-divided into military departments for mere con-
venience, the commander of one of them can, if he
chooses, within his limits, on the plea of necessity,
with the approval of the executive, substitute mili-
tary force for and to the exolusion of the laws, and
punish all persons as he thinks right and proper,
without fixed or certain rules.
" The statement of this proposition shows its import-
ance ; for if true, republican government is a failure,
and there is an end of liberty regulated by law. Mar-
tial law, established on such a basis destroys every
guaranty of the Constitntion, and effectually renders
the military independent of afld superior to the civil
power—the attempt to do whioh by the King of Great
Britain was deemed by our fathers such an offense
that they assigned it to the world as one of the causes
which impelled them to declare their independence.
Civil liberty and this kind of martial law cannot en-
dure together; the antagonism is irreconcilable and
in the conflict one or the other must perish.
" But it is insisted that the safety of the country
in time of war demands that the broad claim for
martial law shall be sustained. If this were true,
it could be well said that a country preserved at
the sacrifice of all the cardinal principles of liberty
is not worth the cost of preservation. Happily it is
not so.
" Martial rule ean never exist whore the courts are
open and in proper and unobstructed exercise of
their jurisdiction. It is also confined to the locality
of actual war.
" From the first year of the reign of Edward the
Third, when the Parliament of England reversed
the attainder of the Earl of Lancaster, because he
could have been tried by the courts of the realm, and
declared,' that in time of peace no man ought to be
adjudged to death for treason or any other oflBBse
without being arraigned and held to answer; and
that regularly when the king's courts are open it is
time of peace in judgment and law,' down to the
present day, martial law as claimed in this case, has
j been condemned by all respectable English jurists as
contrary to the fundamental laws of the land, and
| subversive of the liberty of the subject."
] I would like to refer to other cases, but my
' time is nearly out. I hold, however; in my
hand a celebrated document which has been
I read every fourth of July in this country for
| more than ninety years, and is the pride and
| glory of the American people. I will read a
1 few sentences from it to see if the Supreme
Court was not right in its assertions which I
have just quoted:
"The history of the present king of Great Britain
is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all
having in direct object the establishment of an abso-
lute tyranny over these States. To prove this let
facts be submitted to a candid world.
" Hehasdissolved representative Housesrepeatedly
for opposing with manly firmness hid invasion on the.
rights of the people.
"He has made judges dependent on his will alone
for the tenure of their offices and the amount and
payment of their salaries.
" He has kept among us in times of peac« standing
armies without the consent of our Legislatures.
" He has affected to render the military independ-
ent of and superior to the civil power.
"For imposing taxes on us without our consent.
" For depriving us in many cases of the benefits of
the trial by jury.
"For suspending our Legislatures and declaring
themselves invested with power to legislate for us in
all cases whatsoever.
"He has abdicated government, thereby declaring
us out of his protection, and waging war against us.
' A prince, whose character is thus marked by every
act which may define a tyrant, is unfit to rule a free
people."
Pass this bill and then say if there is any-
thing in that declaration pronounced against
the king of Great Britain by the American peo-
ple that would not, as the court says in the case
of Milligan, properly be pronounced against
this Congress in depriving the people—all the-
people of the southern States of their un-
doubted rights and privileges. I could go on
and show from the time ofTSdward III of Eng--
land, that no man was ever tried' in that king-
dom except by the judgment of his peers with-
out prompt and condign punishment overtak-
ing those who violated the laws in that regard.
Yet in the face and eyes of all these facts, and
in utter disregard of all these principles, you
seek to pass this bill. We said in the minor-
ity report, and I say now at the close of my
defense of it, that I object to this bill, because
it will involve the whole country in commo-
tion and civil strife, the end of which no man
can foresee.
No man can look at the decisions of the
court in Marbury vs. Madison, to which I have
referred, and the message of the President sent,
to this Congress, which I hold in my hand but
have not time to read even an extract from, in
which he pledges himself whenever a coordi-
nate department of the Government is stricken
down to consider what his duty is: without fear
and trembling for the result. No man can be
without serious apprehensions when Congress
undertakes to monopolize all the powers of the
Government. Thejudicial department, as was
said to-day, had a right independent of any
act of Congress to do the very thing which
Congress is prohibiting them from doing, and
it is the duty of the Executive under his oath
to see the laws faithfully executed whatever
this Congress may do. I say then that Con-
gress ought to be careful what they do.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
said yesterday that we of the minority did not
object to that part of this bill which provides
for the punishment of any person who under-
takes to interfere with or violate its provisions.
Everybody knows what that section means. It
is known that many gentlemen who would be,
perhaps, willing to impeach the President and
remove him from office contended before that
they could not do it unless he had violated
some law, the violation of which had been pre-
viously declared a misdemeanor and punish-
able by indictment. This section is put in now
so that there may no longer be any reason why
the President may not be put out of his plftce.
[Here the hammer fell.]
