1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2955
outing the same to final judgment, shall be himself
released from any liability by indictment or other
ciiminal proceedings forpayingor giving to any such
officer or agent the money or property of value as
And be it further enacted. That if any dis-
tiller, rectifier, wholesale liquor dealer, compounder
of liauors, distiller of oil, brewer, or manufacturer
of tobacco or cigars shall omit, neglect, or refuse to
do or cause to be done any of the things required by
law in the carrying on or conducting of his business,
or shall do anything by this act prohibited, it there
be no specific penalty or punishment imposed by any
other section of this act for the neglecting, omitting,
or refusing to do, or for the doing or causing to bo
done the thing required or prohibited, ho shall, pay  
penalty of $1,000; and, if the person-so offending be
a distiller, rectifier, wholesale liquor dealer, or com-
pounder of liquors, all distilled spirits or liquors
owned by him or in which he has any interest as
owner, if he be a distiller of oil, all oil found in his
distillery, and, if he be a manufacturer of tobacco or
cigars, all tobacco or cigars found in his manufactory
shall bo forfeited to the United States.
Mr. SCHENCK.
additional section:
I offer the following as an
gEC _ And }Je it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Internal Kevenue may, in his discre-
tion and under the advice of the solicitor, remit
■wholly or in part all penalties and punishments
incurred for any violation of the law relating to the
internal revenue by any person who shall first, and
before any information shall be alleged against him-
self discover and inform against other parties con-
cerned with him in such violation; and on any trial
touching such offense the evidence of any oi the
offending parties shall be admissible to be estab-
lished by commission; but in no ease arising under
the laws relating to the internal revenue shall any -
testimony be admissible taken under section three
of the act of September 24, 1789, entitled "An act to
establish the judicial courts of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KOONTZ. I move to strike out sec-
tion sixty-eight. This section provides in sub-
stance, first, that any person who succeeds in
bribing the revenue officer may sue and recover
back in money the value of any property he
may have given to that officer in order to cor-
rupt him. In the next place he is relieved
"from any liability by indictment or other
criminal proceeding for paying or giving such
officer or agent the money or property of value
as aforesaid." Now, the objection 1 make to
this provision is this : it is a well-settled prin-
ciple of law that it will not assist any man to
recover back the price of his own iniquity.
This section substantially provides that any
person who has been guilty of an illegal act
may himself sue and recover back the price of
his own shame. Therefore, I think it ought
to be stricken out. I agree that there ought
to be stringent measures in order to prevent
the violation of the law, but I cannot but
recognize this as a violation of a well-settled
principle of law.
Mr. MAYNARD. In pari delicto, rnehor
est conditio possidentis is a familiar rale oi
law. Best those justices are not in paridchcto.
The officer is the greater offender, and should
be visited with the greater severity.
The amendment of Mr. Kooxtz was dis-
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 60. And be it further cnactcd, That if any dis-
tiller rectifier wholesale liquor dealer, compoundei
of liquors, distiller of oil, brewer, or manufacturer
. of tobacco or cigars shall omit, neglect, or refuse> to
do or cause to be done any of tbo thing. {W" |d
by law in the carrying on or conducting ol hlb ousi
ness, or shall do anything by this act piohib, ted i1
there bo no specific penalty or punishment imposed
"by any other section of this act toi the neglecting,
omitting, or refusing to do, or lor thp do'iig or causing
to be done the thing required ot■ prohibited, he^half
pay a penalty of $1,000; and if the person so oflenJ
ing be a distiller, rcesfier, wholeso\c dealLor.
or compounder of hquors, all dutilled spi
liquors owned by him or in which lie has any interest
as owner • if he be a distiller ot oil, all oil Jouna m
his distillery, and if he be a man„nfactu^X ^anu-
or cigars all tobacco or cigars found in his maiiu
factory, shall bo forfeited to the Ijnited btatcs.
Mr HOLilAN. It seems to me that the
word " willfullyought to have been mserted
before the words "neglect or refuse.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have an amendment to
propose which will meet the gentleman s wis, i.
i move to insert in the sixth line, after the
word "shall," the words "knowingly and will-
fully," so thai if will read "shall knowingly
and willfully neglect or refuse,'; &o.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is satisfactory.
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. The penalty imposed in
this section is fixed at $1,000. T submit that
it ordinari/y promotes the end of justice to
allow some discretion in the courts. 1 therefore
move to amend by inserting before "$1,000,"
the words "not less than $100nor more than."
Mr. SCHENCK. X hope that will not be
adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN. There ought to be a dis-
cretion within some reasonable range. Where
you make the penalty specific, and do not
vary it according to the circumstances and
nature of the offense, you must certainly defeat
the ends of justice, because the penalty is some-
times too severe to be inflicted.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to insert after the word
"dollars," in the eleventh line, the words, " or
imprisonment in the State prison for one year."
It seems to me that if only this penalty is
imposed the Government in most instances
will recover nothing. It is very easy for one
who has violated the law to be found without
any property to pay a penalty of §1,000, and I
thmktheGovernmenS canbe saved only by leav-
ing the alternative of the penalty of $1,000 or
imprisonment at the discretion of the couit.
If the man can pay $1,000, very well; let him
avoid imprisonment.
Mr. ^ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, this is a
penalty, not a fine. It is recoverable in a civil
action, and no criminal proceeding is Contem-
plated by this section at all. We have provided
in other sections for almost every imaginable
offense that can be committed by the class of
persons named in this section.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. ALLISON. Certainly.
Mr. HIGBY. Does he not consider that
what is charged in this section is an offense,
and why is it passed over without having some
punishment attached to it ?
Mr. ALLISON. This is a section which
provides for the omission to do certain things,
or the refusal to do certain things, and the
penalty is provided for the omission.
The question was taken on Mr. Higbi s
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
No further amendment being offered to the
sixty-ninth section, the next section was read,
as follows:
Sec 70. And he it further enacted, That if any per-
son shall, aimed with any offensive weapon or in a
violent manner, with clubs or stonec, or shall m any
manner with fores and violence, or with threats of
force or violence, rescue any offender arrested, oi
shall prevent such arrest, or shall assault, beat, or
wound any officer or other person acting m his aid,
or any person who shall have given or be about to
give information against, or shall have discovered
or given evidence against, or be about to discover or
give evidence against, or shall seize or bung to jus-
tice any person offending against this act, or who
shall seize or bo about to seize or examine any pla„e,
goods or chattels, as p.o vided under this net orsha
forcibly oppose the execution ot any of the powers
given by this act, or being so^,orwiA such
•iron hv tUlS aCi, or ut; 11154 — -
viofence, as aforesaid, shall offer or threaten so to
do, every person so offending, and his aiders and
abettors, shall, on conviction, bo adjudged to bo
guilty of felony, and shall be imprisoned lor not lc-s
than one year nor uioie than five years.
No amendment was offered, aud the Clerk
read as follows:
Sec. 71. And be it further enacted, That any revenue
officer is hereby authorized, and it shall be liio duty,
SS and take before the United States eouimis-
•sionerS'Csidine nearest the place where such anest
shall be inado, any person detected m the actual
'commission of any offense against any ol thei provis-
ions oHms act relative to distilled spirits, tobacco
or Cigars, and shall thereon make affidavit and appb
for a warrant against the person anested.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following
amendment from the Committee of ^ ays and
Means:
In line three strike out the word residing.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. I move
to strike out the, seventy-first section. 1 make
this motion upon the ground^ that the section
is a most extraordinary one m its provisions.
I am not aware that it has any analogy m any
law or legal proceeding, unless it may be in
some cases of police, where a magistrate or
police officer is authorized to arrest upon view
for a breach of the peace. This section pro-
vides that a person maybe arrested without any
warrant or any complaint under oath, or any
formal complaint of any character whatever.
It not only provides that, but it provides that he
may be arrested upon detection. Detection by
whom? By the officer who arrests'? It is not
confined to that; but he may be arrested by an
officer upon detection, or what may be termed
detection, by another officer or by a private
individual, by a citizen holding no office, being
under no "responsibility whatever to the law
except as a citizen. For these reasons, and
because there are no restrictionsin the section,
I move that it be stricken out. I will say, how-
ever, that perhaps the section maybe so modified
as to relieve it of these objectionable features
by providing that the officer may arrest upon
view of the violation of the law, assimilating the
law in that particular to cases of infractions, of
police regulations and the laws as they now exist
in regard to some of the minor offenses.
Mr. SCHENCK. To meet every objection
made by the gentleman which I think has any
substance in it, I will move an amendment in
the fifth line of the section to insert the words
"by such officer" after the word "detected
so that it will read "any person detected by
such officer in the actual commission," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PETERS. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman that the word " internal" should be
inserted before "revenue" in the first line of
this section.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir; that is an omis-
sion. I move to insert the word "internal"
before "revenue" in the firstline.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. _ I
withdraw the motion to strike out the section.
No further amendment being offered to the
seventy-first section, the next section was read,
as follows:
Sec 72. And be it further enacted. That the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue is hereby authorized
to pay such sums, not exceeding m the aggregate any
amount appropriated therefor, as may in his jucig-
ment be deemed necessary for detecting and bringing
to trial and punishment persons guilty of yolatnig
the internal revenue laws or connn ins at the same,
in cases where such, expenses arc not othuwise
provided for by law.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, a3 follows:
Sec. 73. And he it further cnactccl, Thatin any case,
civil or criminal, where suit or prosecution shall bo
commenced in any court of any State against any
officer of the United States, appointed undei 01 act-
ing by authority of this .or any other act to provide
internal revenue, or against any peison acting undoi
or by authority of any buch ofiicer. on account ot any
act done under color of office 01"
any person holding property 01 estate by title de
rived from any such ofiicer, concerning such prop
erty or estate, and affecting the validity ot this  cUn-
any other act to provide infernal revenue, it shall
be fawtul lor the defendant in such .-uit oi pros-t eu-
tion, at any time before trial, to remove such suitor
prosecution by. petition t(> the circuit
United States m and for the di&tnct in which he
shall have been served with process, setting forth, the
nature of said suit or prosecution, and venfyins the
same by affidavit, together with a certificate, signed
by an attorney or counselor at law ol some couit of
record of the State in which such suit shall luu o been
commenced, or of the "United btates, setting
that, as counsel lor the petitioner, he has examined
the proceedings against him and careiulb itxiuiiicd
into all matters setiorth in the petition and Hint ho
believes the same to be true; which petition, ailida-
vit, and certificate shall be presented to the said
eh-rait court if in fusion, and if not to the ciuk
thereof at his office, and shall be filed m said ofa,
and the cause shall thereupon be cnteied on the
docket of said court, and shall be theiuitter pi
eeeded in as a cause originally commented in tint
court; and it shall be the duty of. the c)
court, if the suit was commenced in the umi tbcio v
by summons, to issue a wnt ot "rnmm'toj htbUto
court, requiring said, court to send110|'C.IU3C . or
court the record and proceedings i.B said c.iu->e ,^o ,
if it was commenced by J?^tl,of ffliidishall
of habeas corpus cum causa, a cjup" , -•
bo delivered to the clerk oi
at his office by the lmirsbal oi the d thorot--; aud
uty, or some person dub tu St'ite court
thereupon it shall bo theduts such cause- and
to stay all further deliver^S
the said suit °f- giune as aforesaid? shall be
ment thereiu^in the State court shall be whoil, null
