1932
THE CONGRESSIONAL J&LOBE.
March 17,
in reference to all these eases. I pledge the gen-
tlemen that, so far as I may be convinced that
any of these men ought to be thus relieved from
disability, no man will vote more cheerfully
than I for passing such a bill as this. The
very man whose name heads this list, William
W. Holden, of North Carolina, was, I presume
from records which have been shown to me,
deeply steeped in the rebellion at the begin-
ning of the war, yet I have had opportunities
of knowing that throughout the whole of this
last year that man has been laboring steadily,
assiduously, and apparently with an eye single to
the public good and to national duty, to undo
the wrong which he before helped to do. His
case, therefore, in spite of what may have been
his misdoings at the beginning of the war, is
one of those cases in which I would cheerfully
give my voice for removing the disability.
I have no desire at this time to go into par-
ticular cases, but only to submit the general
proposition that no harm can be done by wait-
ing a few days more and having more light
under the benefit of which to act understand-
ing^ in relation to the whole matter. And it
will do no harm in the South. It will do no
harm to those upon whom this is to operate
that they and their neighbors shall know what
we do we do with care, caution, and discre-
tion. 1 do not want to be understood as im-
puting any want of care, caution, or discretion
to the Committee 011 Reconstruction. 1 have
110 doubt they endeavored to present to usonly
those names of persons with regard to whom
they were entirely satisfied this benefit of the
removal of disability should be extended, but
then we are, as I stated before, to act on this
subject, and we do not want to fall into any
error into which, possibly, the committee may
have fallen, not in regard to the general list,
but any particular man. A few days' delay in
order to avoid being misled or mistaken will
certainly do no wrong to anybody, but will be
a wholesome thing and attract the attention of
the people of the South to the fact that here is
a dour open, but to be opened cautiously and
carefully, and to ask them to turn their eyes in
this direction to what will be the consequences
of well-doing on their part, and to what, also,
will be the futility of attempting to get back
unless on some sort of proof furnished.
I now yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Miller.]
Mr. All LLHK. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
House will agree to the motion that this bill
shall be recommitted to the Committee on
Reconstruction. I deem it to be one of the
most important measures which can come be-
fore Congress at this session. It proposes to
remove the disabilities imposed by the law from
persons many of whom were leaders during
the rebellion 111 the southern States. Some of
them have been generals 111 the rebel army,
educated at West Point at the expense of the
United States, and others have occupied high
and responsible civil positions in the rebel
Stales. Some of tliem were members of the
lebel congress, and now want to be restored so
they can hold office under the United States
Government.
Mow, sir, as to the reconstruction of the
southern States, let me say that they are not
yet reconstructed. The reconstruction laws
have not been complied with, and it is time to
talk about removing disabilities when these
States are admitted to representation and have
adopted the amendment.
The gentlemen talk about the fourteenth
article of the Constitution. It was the inten-
tion of Congress when that article was pro-
posed and passed it should be ratified by the
Legislatures of the late rebel States after they
should be reconstructed under the reconstruc-
tion laws before any disability should be re-
moved or representation admitted, and upon
that issue we went before the country and were
nobly sustained by the loyal people. It was
never intended by that fourteenth article they
should be relieved before those States were
reconstructed. The honorable gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who reported this bill,
says the fourteenth article has been adopted.
How that will be determined it is not for me
to say. If two thirds of the loyal States is
sufficient it has been adopted; if not it has
not been adopted.
In order to prevent any difficulty that might
arise on that question I say we ought to insist
that three fourths of all the States of this
Union should ratify it, and no State engaged
in the late rebellion should be admitted to
representation on this floor or have any dis-
ability of those who took part in the rebellion
removed till its Legislature has ratified the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution. Then, when three fourths of the
States have so ratified it, there can be no diffi-
culty hereafter by palming upon the country
any part of the rebel debt or claim for slaves
emancipated, so that on that subject the pub-
lic mind may be at rest.
Sir, why ought these men to be relieved at
this time V It is said they have accepted the situ-
ation and are willing now to be loyal. How can
they help accepting the situation ? They were
defeated. They tried their best to destroy this
Government. They used all their influence
against it. Some of them were leading gen-
erals in the rebel army, fighting against the
Union and slaughtering our loyal young men
who wont forth in defense of our country. Sir,
these rebels may be thankful that they escape
with their lives and retain their property, in-
stead of asking at this early period to be re-
stored so they can hold office, and are not
willing to wait until their States are recon-
structed before they ask the removal of the
disabilities imposed upon them by Congress,
so that they can be elected as Union men.
Why, sir, what do we see? These very men,
assuming that their disabilities are to be re-
moved, are already candidates for office. They
want their disabilities removed in order that
they may hold offices in the gift of the south-
ern people, and 110 doubt aspire to represent
them in Congress. They ought to accept the
position that we at the North have all along
proposed they should, and that is to take the
back scats and let the loyal people take the
offices.
But, no; they ask'us to remove their disabil-
ities and let them have the offices, and those
who in the country's struggle remained true to
the old flag and suffered beyond description
for the cause of the Union stand back.
Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to this bill. It
is a very important question; and I ask, can
this Congress go before the loyal people of the
country and say we have relieved, by passing
an act, the leading men who were engaged
in the rebellion, the men who plotted treason
and committed perjury, to take their seats in
the councils of the nation? Are we prepared,
before these States are reconstructed, thus to
go before the people and say we have admitted
leading I'ebel generals to this floor? Let the
States first be reconstructed; let them adopt
their constitutions, and let them be ratified and
returned here to Congress ; let them then send
men here who were not engaged in the rebel-
lion. Then it will bo time enough to talk
about removing by a two-thirds vote the dis-
abilities provided for by the fourteenth article
of amendments to the Constitution and laws of
Congress. In the North we went before the
people and told them that under this fourteenth
article of amendments we would allow none
who participated in the rebellion to hold office,
or even vote, until the rebellious States were
reconstructed, and that none but true loyal
men would be admitted as Representatives.
Then, if we saw fit, we could remove the disa-
abilities, and not before.
I do not condemn all the white people in the
South who were in the rebellion. Alany of
them were forced into it by their leaders; but
now those very leaders come here and ask us
to remove their disabilities, so as to place them
again in the lead. Are gentlemen on this side
of the House prepared to say that the men who
led the rebel armies and slaughtered our kin-
dred and friends shall have their disabilities
removed, and that they shall hold the high
positions in the Government? I, for one, Mr.
Speaker, say no ; and as long as I have a seat
on this floor I will record my vote against such
a measure. As was well said by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] you will open the
door for the admission of General Lee, who
was educated at West Point at the Govern-
ment expense, but who, when the country
needed his services, turned his back against
the Government, and used all his military skill
to destroy this Republic. We will find him
here, no doubt, if this bill should pass, asking
that his disabilities be removed. And what
next ? Why, we shall have Jeff. Davis coming
in, for it seems he is never to be tried for his
treason.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, how
much time has the gentleman allowed him?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sciijexuk.] yielded the floor to him. The
Chair does not know how long.
Air. MILLER. As other gentlemen desire
to have the floor, I will only say, in conclu-
sion, that this is an important bill, and I hope
it will be recommitted, in order that the peo-
ple of the country may have time to make up
their minds and instruct their Representatives
how to vote upon the question. For my part
my mind is made up, and I will not go back
upon what I declared before my constituents
at the last campaign, when I was so well sus-
tained. In my opinion, this is not the time
to remove disabilities imposed upon leading
rebels ; and while we are inviting the late rebel
States to form proper governments we must
not neglect the mandate of the northern States,
who, in the country's need, supplied our armies.
Air. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to move an amendment.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order pend-
ing the motion to recommit.
Air. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I want
to move to strike out all the names except
William W. Ilolden, Luke Blackmor, and,
Thomas J. Mackey, the history of whom is
told us all.
Air. EARNSWORTH. _ It is told us in
regard to the rest of them just as much.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. So it is ;
but, so far as I know, always against them.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. Governor Holden
was mixed up as well as the rest of them.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio withdraw the motion to recommit?
Air. SCHENCK. I think not. I hope the
amendments will all go into the newspapers.
I yield three minutes to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Bromwell.]
Air. BliOMWELL. I hope that the bill will
be recommitted. If any men are to be rein-
stated from the South they must be either
those men who have engaged warmly in the
rebellion or that class of milk-and-water men
who were sort of for the Union and as much
for the rebellion, praying ''good Lord" and
"good devil'' at the time the rebellion was
being initiated.
Now, as to the leaders of the rebellion, the
men who struck for the rebellion and took the
leadership in that enterprise, I think they can
wait with patience a little while, at least until
the public have time to ascertain whether they
are wanting to change front merely for the
purpose of obtaining office. And as to the
milk-and-water men, the so-called Union men,
who had secession in their hearts without the
courage to carry it out, it is immaterial to I he
country whether they are ever reinstated or
not; they are of no advantage to any countiy.
But, sir, we are told that there is a class of
men in the South who are so influential there
that if they be reinstated they will bring the
whole multitude in with them. Sir. it has been
the bane of the South from the beginning that
a few men have taken the proprietorship of
the whole affairs of that country and carried it
into secession and whithersoever they would.
1 think it is time there was a proclamation of
emancipation in respect to that in the South
as well as in regard to negro slavery. If men
