1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL CLOBE.
4S3
40th Cos-g.... 2d Sebs. Local Bounty Debts, Tariff, Retrenchment—Mr. Hill.
Ho. of Eeps.
a violation of faith except coming from the
bondholders or their advocates. If we had
contracted in the act of February, 1862, to
pay the loan in gold, why we should pay it in
gold. If it is perfectly clear that we contracted
to pay it in currency, the holders of the loan
have no just cause of complaint if the Gov-
ernment does pay it in currency.
Now, sir, we have had a great deal of dis-
cussion in the House to-night and some before
as to the taxation of Government bonds. It
is a part of the inherent power of Congress,
given to it by the Constitution, to levy tax for
the support of the Government, and to sup-
pose for one moment that one Congress could
bind a succeeding Congress as to any article to
be taxed, whether Government bonds or any-
thing else, would be to any one who had ever
examined the Constitution at all, or the work-
ing of this or any other Government, the very
height of absurdity. It would enable one Con-
gress, as was very justly said by a distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania, by exempting
everything from taxation, to put an end to any
Government. The right is unquestioned, and
while an exception is made in the acts of Con-
gress exempting the Government bonds from
state or municipal taxation, no pretense is set
up to exempt them from the power of taxation
of the United States, whether the tax should
be upon the principal or upon the interest, or
upon both, is perhaps not a very material mat-
ter. That they should bear their fair share of
the burdens of the Government is now almost a
concessitm in this country, and is certainly sus-
tained by every principle of law and justice.
But the great principle to be kept in view,
as was said by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butleb, J is the equalization of three
burdens. It is the correct principle at last
that all classes and all property should bear
their fair and just share of the burdens of the
Government-
Sir, it has been sometimes argued by gen-
tlemen that any material addition to the cur-
rency of the country would exercise an injuri-
ous effect upon the value of that currency.
This is not so. More than one half of the
country is this day without enough currency to
transact their ordinary business. The business
of the country would absorb and use profitably
a great deal more currency than we now have.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Will thegentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STONE. Yes, sir.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I desire to inquire if I
understood the gentleman correctly when I
understood him to say that after the Govern-
ment has called on its citizens for money to
supply its wants, and has received it, and has
passed a law declaring that the bonds given
for that money shall not be taxed, then the
Government has the right to turn around and
pass another law taxing those bonds? Is not
(hat in the nature of an ex post facto lav? I
do not know_ that I quite understood the gen-
tleman. If 1 did not I should like to do so.
Mr. STONE. In answer to the question of
the gentleman I would say that I deny utterly
the right of one Congress to prohibit all suc-
ceeding Congresses from imposing a tax either
upon Government bonds or any other species J
of property. !
Mr. BURLEIGH. Thegentleman does not j
quite understand me.
Mr. STONE. I think I understand the gen-
tleman perfectly.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I will state what I mean.
Mr. STONE. I think I understand the gen-
tleman perfectly. Every citizen or foreigner,
or whoever he may bo, who advances his money
to the Government, is presumed to know and
dots know—for men who make these advances
of money understand the workings and the
authority of the Government as well as qnd
perhaps better than any other class of men in
the world—they know that the power of the
Government to tax is inherent and inalienable.
jrnment to tax is mnerent ana mai
40th Coxa. 2d Ses? —No.
28.
And they take the loan always subject to the
inherent right of taxation possessed by the
Government
Mr. BURLEIGH. Let me interrupt the
gentleman again for a moment.
Mr. STONE, Very well.
Mr. BURLEIGH. The Government makes
a contract with me, for instance ; it asks me
for my money and I give it. The Government
then executes a bond to me and puts its seal
upon it. Now, after having received my gold,
can it tear that seal from the bond without my
consent? I want to know if the Government
possesses any such power as that. If it does,
then I have yet to learn it.
Mr. STONE. I have already answered the
question of thegentleman. I repeat again that
no Government was ever instituted among men
that did not possess this inherent and inalien-
able right. And no man scarcely out of a
lunatic asylum ever supposed that this Con-
gress or the Parliament of Great Britain or
the Chamber of Deputies of France or the
Diet of Germany, with all their executives
combined, could strip the legislative depart-
ment of the Government of this inherent and
inalienable right. And these men took the
bonds of the United States knowing that the
Government always reserves to itself that
power.
But the Government never did promise not
to tax these bonds; they only declared that
the States should not tax them. I will read
from the act on that subject:
J'All stocks, bonds, and other securities of the
United States, held by individuals, corporations, or
associations within the United States, shall be exempt
from taxation by or under State authority,"
That, I believe, is the utmost extent to which
any of these laws go—that the bonds shall be
free from taxation under State or municipal
authority. Congress never for a moment at-
tempted even to make them not taxable by the
United States.
But, Mr. Chairman, the funding bill is simply
a bill to exchange bonds payable in currency
for bonds payable in gold; nothing more or
less. Whether it is wise, when it is impos-
sible to have full discussion upon so import-
ant a measure, to change the currency debt
into a gold debt, and thus to impose a burden
upon the people of this country of certainly
between five hundred and one thousand mil-
lion dollars, notwithstanding the lower rate
of interest on the new bonds, I must leave the
majority of this House to determine. I myseif
deem it both unwise and unjust to the people
that they should be called upon to perform
more than they agreed to do at the time they
incurred the debt; and when every interest in
the country is now so heavily taxed.
But, Mr. Chairman, in the few minutes
allotted to me I feel inclined to adopt an ex-
pression used by General Blair in his late cele-
brated letter, in which he says the financial
question is subordinate to the political one.
This letter of General Blair seems to have
created a great deal of interest in this House
and out of it. It has been termed revolution-
ary and warlike. Now, I agree with and
most cordially indorse every word in that
letter. It is because I believe it is not revolu-
tionary, that it is not warlike in the slightest
degree, that I do indorse it. It is a plain state-
ment of a question which he desires to submit
to the people and to take their deliberate judg-
ment upon it at the ballot-box. _ If you can
term any question that is submitted to the
people at the ballot-box, and upon which
their deliberate judgment is evoked, if you
term that war, then what do you term peace ?
That letter of General Blair's simply de-
clares that the governments set up in the ten
rebel States were not warranted by the terms
of the Constitution of the United States, and
it proposes to submit to the deliberate judg-
ment of thepeople whether the Executive should
or should not be called upon to undo what the
writer of the letter believes, and what I believe,-
to bean unconstitutional usurpation of power.
It is impossible that any revolution or war
can coine of any deliberate appeal to the ballot-
box. If the people declare by the election
that those State governments are unconstitu-
tional, and that they desire their Executive to
command the Army to undo what the Army
did, surely that cannot be termed a revolution-
ary measure.
^ But there is a small cloud on the horizon.
The bill so recently passed b^ both Houses of
Congress in relation to counting the electoral
votes of the reconstructed States is, in myjudg-
ment, a measure fraught with danger to the
country; for, as I construe that bill, it certainly
claims for the two Houses of Congress the right
to receive or to reject the vote of any one of the
ten southern States as Congress may choose.
TheConstitution is explicit upon that subject.
It gives to Congress the right to fix the day
upon which the electors shall be voted for and
the day upon which the electors shall cast their
votes. There the whole authority of Congress
over the subject ceases; everything else in
regard to the election is entirely and exclusively
under the control of the States themselves;
and Congress has no right to reject the vote of
any State where the constitutional require-
ments have been complied with by the electors
being selected upon the day designated by
Congress.
Who but Congress is to judge whether or
not the State government spoken of by that
act was made in compliance with the act of
March 2, 1807? By the terms of that bill the
States may be here represented; Congress may
have already passed judgment that she had
complied with the terms of the reconstruction
acts, and yet that act gives to Congress the
right to count such of the votes as they please
and reject such as they please. Once concede
to Congress that right, and the election of the
President is in the hands of Congress awd not
of the people.
That act must have been passed with some
purpose and for some intent. The act of
March, 1867, after prescribing what a State
should do to entitle her to representation here,
provided that after Congress did admit her
Representatives the act should be inoperative.
What, then, does this bill mean when it says
that the vote of none of those ten States shall
be couilted unless Congress is satisfied, (I do
not quote the exact words, but recite the sub-
stance of the act,) that at the time she cast her
electoral vote she had complied with all the
requisites of the reconstruction act, to be judged
of by Congress again. What is the effect of
such a law ? It is either entirely nugatory, or
it would necessarily give this body the right to
count the vote of one State and reject that of
another, both States being represented on this
floor—a right claimed in the very facc of the
Constitution, which gives to each State the
right to choose the electors in the manner that
the Legislature thereof shall direct. If this
power is conceded to Congress then elections
by the people are at an end.
local Bounty Debts, Tariff, Retrenchment.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN HILL,
of sew jersey,
In the House op Representatives,
July 16, 1868.
The House being in Committee of tho Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. HILL said:
Mr. Chairman : I have listened with much
interest to the many speeches that have been
made on the floor of this House in relation to
the public debt, and the various modes sug-
gested to relieve the people from the burden
of taxes imposed in consequence of it: and
