434
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKE8STOH AL GLOBE.
[July IQj
Ho. of Reps.
Local Bounty Debt? Tariff} MeirencJmient—Mt. Hill.
40TH' CONG. .. ,2i> SBSS.
also to the remarks that have been^made in
relation to retrenchment and curtailing the
expenditures of the Government.
The people of this country are looking to
Congress for relief} burdened as they are with'
heavy taxes. Any measure that looks to less*
ening their taxation will be received with favor
by them. - To my mind there is one way in
which a large portion of the tax-paying com-
munity would be essentially relieved, and that
is by the Government assuming the local war
bounty debt incurred during-the rebellion by
the several States, counties, cities, and town-
ships in the payment of bounties to volunteers.
These districts by reason of their exertions to
promptly furnish their quotas for our armies,
have incurred a great indebtness, the payment
of which now imposes a heavy and direct local
tax which, in connection "with other increased
local tax and the direct taxes of tho General
Government, is felt throughout a great portion
of our country as oppressive and burdensome,
tending to depress commerce and industry, and
thus weaken the resources of the Government,
and as the people are manifesting uneasiness
under such burden, and are expecting from
Congress some relief, and under existing cir-
cumstances the only just and i mmediately avail-
able way to lighten the burden of our great
debt is to increase the ability of the people to
sustain it by relieving labor and stimulating
industry. Such indebtedness of the cities,
counties, and townships was the result of neces-
sities imposed by the rebellion,and ought, there-
fore, as a matter of right and justice to be
assumed by the Government and consolidated
with the national debt, because being incurred
by necessary and legitimate efforts to render
prompt aid to sustain a common Government
find defend a common country, it of right
belongs to the general debt, in the payment of
which the whole people should participate.
Spoh consolidation would not increase the
nmoubt of general indebtedness resting upon
ihe people as a result of the war, but simply
bring together the parts into 011c whole, and
lighten the burden by bringing more to contrib-
ute in just proportion to sustain it, and thus
relieve the people from the oppressiveness
resulting from its separate and local exigence
and direct bearing on a few ; and asitis believed
to be in the power of Congress to grant such
relief, in a way equally just and fair to every
section of our country, by adopting as a basis
one year's service of a man in our armies, and
allowing for such term of service a certain sum,
and issuing national bonds therefore liable to
taxation, which bonds may be paid over to each
State in amount, and to be applied to the relief
of the cities, counties, and town,ships in the
State in proportion to the namber of years'
service rendered by the men furnished, and as
the most productive and leastburdensome taxes
are levied exclusively by the national Govern-
ment. With a view to strengthen there^ources
of the Government, by relieving the people
from oppressive direct taxation and quicken-
ing trade and industry, and also with a view to
to promote the internal peace, unity, harmony
and prosperity of the nation: It the duty
of Congress to assume this debt. A resolution
was introduced by me in January last, of which
tJie following is a copy:
"Resolved, That the subject of relieving, as far as
p) aetieable, the people oi the different cities, counties
Ri/d townships from the burden of a direct tax for
thvir bounty war debt is deserving of our immediate
ai.'l i-erious consideration, and that the Committee
of  Vays and Means b^ requested to inquire into the
oxocuiency of adopting such measures as will be
proper and suitable to answer the demands of jus-
tice, and relieve the necessities of the people."
it was referred to the Committee of Ways
and lleans, and it is to be hoped that they
will report a bill in accordance with'the spirit
of the resolution, and that it will meet the
favorable consideration of this House. There
is no good reason why the Government should
not a-vume this debt, contracted as it was at a
timo '.vlitni the Immediate want of men to fill
up our armies made'the paying of local boun-
ties a necessity, for by so doing men were sent
forward promptly, and many a victory won by
having in the field in season plenty of men to
fill up the broken ranks. Scattered as this
debt would be if assumed by the Government,
all over the country, the burdens of.it would
fall very light on the tax-payer and bring great,
relief to the suffering many. It is the duty of
Congress to make these burdens bear as lightly
as possible and.equally upon all. The follow-
ing article that has come to my notice bearing
upon this question I will read :
Local-bounty debts and expenses— What Congress can
do torelieve the peopleThe difference in the amounts
oi expenses incurred during the rebellion, by the
several States, counties, townships, and cities, in tho
payment of bounties to volunteers, and the differ-
ence in the amounts of existing local debts resulting
theiofiow, have heretofore presented difficulties,
seemingly insurmountable, to a proper adjustment
of such expenses and debts among the scveraiStates
and localities, with a view to their assumption by
tho General Government. But at length the atten-
tion of Congioss has been called to a way by which,
it appears, these diilieulties may be surmounted; and
in which tho Government can assume and consoli-
datewiththenationaldebt such existing local debts,
in a manner equally fair and just to every section 6f
the country; an objeel much desired, because its
consummation would bring to the peoplesubstantial
relief froui onerous taxation. That way has boon
suggested in a resolution recently offered by Mr.
Hill, a Representative from New Jersej'. t The
method of adjustment therein proposed is ?implo
and practicable, and, as stated in the resolution, is
to assume as a basis one year's service of a man m
our armies, and for such teim of service to allow a
given sum, for which national bonds are to be issued,
liable to taxation, and paid over to the Suites in
amount, and to go to the relief of tne different local-
ities m proportion to .the^ number of years' service
rendered by tho men furnished. ,
By & little care tul reilection the justness and fair-
ness of this method v, ill become apparent. It willbe
peroiiivod that bj H annual amountwill be allowed,
for an equal term ot service, to every section of tho
country, wuethor the men lurnisned were procured
by hhii bounties or low bounties or even 110 bounty,
or whether the expenses thus incurred havo been
paid or in part paid or remain m the lorm of local
debts; and that thereby the people everywhere will
be phieed upon a perfect equality as to a just liability
to taxation under tiio consolidated debt. It will also
appear that no matter what bounties were paid m
diilorunt placej, by rnis method the oxpenses thus
inemrcd arc equalized so far as they are assorted,
and, therefore, Uiat the people in one township aro
relieved lioui ini jilny to be ;a::eJ lor any excess in
pnee of bounty paid in another. 1'roni thoefteeis of
its operation in the particulars as just stated, it is
evident that this method ot adjustment is calculated
to iuiiy meet and remove the most seiious objections
whicli hitherto have prevented action on this subject.
Yet to the proposed consolidation of these debts there
may exist in the minds of some this objection, that
it would inercasotoo greatly our already heavy pub-
tic debt. TUrfc >t would necessarily increase the
amount of United States bondi tobeissued is true:
but u ie> also true that it would not increase the
amount of general indebtedness now resting- upon
tho people as a result ot the war. Such indebtedness
includes not only the United States bonds and circu-
lating notes already issued, but also theseloeni bounty
debts, because ail those forms of debt were the lesult
of one united purpose—to sustain the same Govern-
ment and defend the same couutiy. Their weight
now resfs upon tho people, and evidently would not
be increased simply in a eliangeof form by bringing
ail tue parts together into one. Hut on the eonciary
a great benefit would result in the relief that would
be suven to the people from the onerousburden now
unequally imposed and m the form of a direct tax
for the payment oi the^e local debts.
Upon duo rcliecti on it will read i'.y appear that what
is proposed to bedonci* simply this: man equitable
way to remove these local debts from the commu-
nities where uiey now cxict, and where they bear
oppressive;*—tending to chcck trade and indastry~
and place them in the national debt, where tney will
rest equally upon tne people oi tue whole country,
lor whose benefit thuy wtro incuired. In tneirlocal
form they re?t up-m a few. and are sustained by a
dueet tax only. In the national lorm thev would
rest upon the many, and be sustained mainly by
indirect taxation, winch is ea-ier for the people;
and therefore, by the change, although they would
not bedimimslied,yct thmrprcssnrewouldbegreatiy
lightened. Tho question may be naked, what will
become of the funds that would oe received under
the working of this plan by those localities that have
no bounty debt or \\liu:>e debt is nearly paid? Tne
effect would be that such communities would oe lcit
with funds in hand. Yet no injustice would be done,
tor those funds coiud be applied to the payment oi
future taxes, which would give the people equal re-
lief. As a preliminary step to taking action upon
this matter it will be necessary for Congress to ascer-
tain irons, the several States the number of years'
service rendered by each, and also the amount of
such local indebtedness existing m each; then itcan
readily be determined what sum should be allowed
foi ayeai'^ und to what exsect it wiil be
practicable to assume those local'debfe. Suoh being'
the object of tbis measure, and suphits manifest-fair-
ness and practicability, it is difficult to conceive of
any reason why Congress should hesitate or delay to
proceed at onoe to adopt the-neeessary measures to-
give the people the desired relief. . ' -
ONE Oi? THE PEGH&,;
The above fully accords with my view of the
whole subject. The assuming-of this debt by
the Government does not, as-some think, in-
crease the public indebtedness, but simply
changes it from local districts and States to
the Government, and thereby'plaees it in such
shape that all parts of the country and all the
States share equally ia helping to pay it.
Mr. Chairman, another source of relief to
our burdened tax-payers would be the modifi-
cation of the tariff .and the passage of a judi-
cious discriminating bill protecting Atfterican
labor and industry, which would create a rev-
enue and give a healthful tone to the industrial
interests of our country. Our manufacturing
interests in many localities are prostrated •,
thousands of men have been thrown out ot
employment, and many more thousands de-
pendent on them are almost without the neces'-
saries of life. The laboring interest of "over
country must be cared for. To this elass-of
men are we, as a nation, most indebted for the
present position we hold and enjoy, and no
country thrives so well as that which protects
and looks after the interests of the laboring
classes. To make labor valuable, and have its
rights upheld and protected, there must be a
ready demand for it, and a ready demand is
brought about only as all branches of industry
are prospered and kept in successful operation.
The resources ot our country are unlimited,
abounding as we do in mineral wealth. Let
these resources be brought out, our mines
opened, forges, mills, and factories be built up,
mid thus plenty of labor will be found for all
who desire work with good wages. Taxable
property will be enhanced in value, and tax-
paying inhabitants be multiplied. The revenue
of the Government will be greatly increased,
our public debt thereby reduced, and tax-pay-
ers generally be relieved. We all know that
when our manufacturing interests are well
protected, and in successful operation, then
every other branch of business is successful.
With our mines, forges, rolling-mills, factories?
and machine-shops in full operation, with these
thrive our agricultural interests. A ready
market is created for the products our farm-
ers may raise, with good prices for the same,
liailroads and canals are wanted, and people,
with plenty of work and good prices for their
labor generally, have cash in hand and some-
thing saved for a dull day; can build themselves
homes, and with their funds are enabled to
patronize our railroads and canals. Thus the
agricultural, railroad, and canal interests and
all branches of industry are fostered and kept
aiive. Representing, as I do, a district that is
identified with all these interests, I trust their
wants will be regarded and adequate protec-
tion be granted to American labor and industry.
It is a well-known fact that our American
manufacturers ia many things are taking the
lead of foreign manufacturers, and competing
most favorably with them. We have seen it
stated that when the war began—
" \W' could not make the iron for aarun-harrel; we
can now export better gun-barrels than we can im-
port. AVe then made no good steel, and had to rely
on foreign eoumiie^ tor material for steel cannon
and tor those stee^pointecl shot by which only we can
pierce thoiive-am'-a-half inch irou-clads with which
wo lusi;-;, contend in future warfare. Many_ of our
regiments that enaie first to the capital earoe in rags,
though every garment on their backs was new, and
many of them of freshly imported clota. But no army
in tho world was over so substantially clothed and
armed es was that which for two days passed in re-
view before tho President of the United States and
the Lieutenant General after having conquered the
robeliion, and which, when disbanded, was clau in
tho product of American spindles and looms, and
armed with weapons of American materials aod con-
struction.''
These facts alone should create a national
pride among our people, and should stir up
