1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
435
Contested Election—Mr. Anderson.
Ho. of Reps.
Congress to do all in their power to foster and
sustain our own American interests. Especially
should we look after and see to it that the
laboring interests of the country are protected,
and not brought down to a level with the cheap
labor of Europe.
The laboring classes of this country during
our late war rendered valuable assistance.
Hundreds of thousands of them, as call after
call was made for men, sprang to arm's to help
defend us m the great struggle for the life of
the nation, leaving good situations, and a large
portion of them without bounties, but simply
getting the small sum of thirteen and sixteen
dollars a month for their patriotic services,
and to them the country is indebted for the
success of our arms in upholding our flag and
breaking up the rebellion. I have seen whole
companies, sir, from our mining regions ten-
der themselves to our Governor at the capital
.of our State, and so thick and fast did they come
in that many of them he was obliged to refuse
aud send back to their homes, which they went
to very reluctantly, so intent were they to go
lorth to defend our common country, and
afterward enlisted and went forth to the bat-
tle. And these, Mr. Chairman, and hundreds
of thousands more, with all our laboring men
in this country, we ask at the hands of Con-
gress, may be protected. Living, as I do, in the
midst of a.large community of working men, and
representing a district so largely made up of
this class of citizens, honest, intelligent, and
industrious, so long as I serve them I shall
feel it my duty to look after their interests and
see that they are respected. As in the past, so
in the future my vote shall be given for such
measures as shall best secure for them all their
rights and proper protection. Let suitable
protection be granted. The resources of our
country would thereby be developed, and it
would not be many years before our revenue
would be largely increased, and our public debt
reduced and paid.
The limited time afforded me forbids my
saying anything further on this vastly import-
ant subject. I trust action will be had at once
on this question, or if it cannot be reached at
this session will be among the first to be taken
up at the next meeting of Congress.
I hold, Mr. Chairman, that it is our duty also
to curtail the expenses of the Government.
Speeches on economy and resolutions are not
enough. Every unnecessary officer about the
Capitol and the Departments should be cut off,
and members of Congress themselves should
set the example. The franking privilege should
be, to a certain extent, modified and regulated
that it be not so much abused, and thereby
hundreds of thousands of dollars be saved to
the Government. We are paying now, and
have been for the last fifteen or twenty years,
$700,000 per annum for free postage, and
with proper restrictions on the franking privi-
lege at least one half of this sum would be
saved. Car loads of books are transmitted
through the mails free, and in many instances are
sold at the same price per pound as old rags.
We know of an ex-meinber of Congress who had
cart loads of public documents carried through
the mails, and afterward sold for three cents
per pound, the price of waste paper and rags,
after having cost the Government a large sum
for carrying them in the mails, for cleik hire,
in handling them, and for bags, boxes, Ac., to
send them in. The restriction of the franking
privilege would naturally stop tho printing of
Hi any public documents which are worthless,
and in that way hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars be saved to the Government. I hope this
matter will receive the earnest attention of
Congress.
I have for some time been looking for an
opportunity to introduce a resolution restrict-
ing the franking privilege, and now give notice
that I shall at a proper time introduce a reso-
lution bearing upon this subject.
The mileage allowed to members of Congress
is a matter that ought to cease. ^Vhen first
adopted it was at a time when it was very dif-
ficult to travel and get through the country.
That evil is now remedied. The capital is
very accessible from all parts of the U nion.
The salary of members has been increased,
and the necessity for payment of mileage
does not now exist. By cutting off the mile-
age many thousands of dollars would be saved.
I trust at an early day some action will be taken
m regard to this matter. More care should
be exercised on the part of the Government in
making of contracts, and thus thousands of
dollars saved yearly.
Mr. Chairman, I have glanced hurriedly at
a few of the retrenchments which I think
ought to be brought about. The country de-
mands it, the burdened tax-payer demands it,
andas the Representative ofadistrictcomposed
largely of men who earn their bread by hard
labor and toil, and who feel the heavy burden
of taxation, 1 ask that they be relieved by
adopting the retrenchments alluded to above.
I admit that much has been done in curtailing
expenses, and congratulate the members of
this House that they have been able to effect
so much, amounting to a reduction of expenses
the current year of about, sixty million dollars,
but there is still room for more reductions.
I have, sir, voted uniformly against all measures
that palled for additional expenses, or what I
considered unnecessary appropriations at this
present time. For this reason, I voted against
the Alaska bill, for while it may be a good pur-
chase for the Government, yet I did not feel
that it was a proper time, while we are so
heavily in debt, to pay out of the Treasury
over seven millions in gold. I, sir, sympa-
thize with my constituents, who I know from
the many letters I receive are burdened with
heavy taxes, and ask for all the economy that
is possible in carrying on the Government—
the same rigid economy tliey have to exercise
at home ; and while I represent them shall
vote against every measure that contemplates
unnecessarily the taking of money from the
public Treasury. I believe, sir, strict economy,
retrenchment, and curtailing expenses, when-
ever we can, should be one of the great efforts
of Congress, and if careful in expenditures in
all departments of Goverment, with the vast
resources of our country to be developed, it
will not be many years before we shall be out.
of debt, and free from the embarrassments aud
heavy taxes that now burden the people.
Contested Election.
SPEECH OF HON. Gr. W. ANDERSON,
OP MISSOURI,
Ix the House of Repbesentativek,
J-uly 16, 1868.
The House having under consideration the con-
tested-election case of Switzler vs. Anderson, from
the ninth congressional district of Missouri—
Mr. ANDERSON said:
Mr. Speaker: I rise for the purpose of
replying to some things said by the contest-
ant ; but, before doing so, I wish to allude to
a remark which has been made by the chair-
man of tho Committee of Elections of this
House. That gentleman [Mr. Daweh] stated
to the House that he had asked me in the
committee if I had any charges of disloyalty
to make against the contestant, and I replied
that 1 had not. With proper deference to
what the gentleman has said, I must say that
I have no recollection whatever of any such
conversation. I know that in the record of the
case, as made up, the question of the loyalty
of the contestant was not raised, and it could
go before the committee only as it was pre-
sented by my colleague [Mr. Benjamin] in the
argument. I presume the House of Repre-
sentatives will not fail to take cognizance of a
direct charge of disloyalty made against the
contestant upon this floor by a member of this
body.
Sir, I feel a deep interest in this case. The
loyal men of Missouri feel a deep interest in its
decision, and their interests are vastly greater
than mine. The contestant talks about his
"honor," and he speaks fluently of what he
would not do and what he would do. Sir, I say
to the House this day, (and no man knows the
fact better than the contestant himself,) that
with a fair and proper registration in the county
of Callaway I would have received a majority
of all the votes cast in our congressional dis-
trict. No man in Missouri knows better than
he does that the law was most infamously and
outrageously violated in the county of Calla-
way, and no man contributed to that violation
more than the contestant himself by his course
toward the registering officers in public speeches
in that county.
Peculiar efforts were made to induce the
rebel element of that county to cast a large
vote, the rebel sentiment being overwhelming
there. Frank Blair, the present candidate of
the Democracy for Vice President, was im-
ported into that county, as the testimony shows,
and he made a speech pretty much in keeping
with the letter he has lately written about the
reconstruction laws of Congress. I want to
read the testimony in reference to the speech
made by this gentleman, and show how it cor-
responds with the advice he has given the
people of the nation in reference to the laws
that have been passed by Congress.
Here is the testimony of William H. Burn-
ham, a friend of the contestant, and a mem-
ber of his party:
'^Question. Where do you reside?
"Answer. In Fulton, Callaway county, Missouri.
Question. How long have you resided in Callaway
county?
"Ans-mer. If I mistake not, it will be four years
next August.
'\Qucahon, Arc you well acquainted with the pro-
visions of the third section of the constitution of
Missouri?
"Answer. I may safely say that I am acquainted
with it.
"Question. Were not the people of this eouoty ad-
vised to take the oath imposed hy the constitution,
upon tho ground that this provision of the constitu-
tion was unconstitutional, and the State had no right
to impose that oath on tho voter?
"Answer. I did hear the people so advised by Mr.
Frank P. Blair, of St. Louis?"
The speech of General Blair was made to
arouse a spirit of resistance to the law in that
county. The character of the speech shows
that extraordinary efforts were to be made in
this county to poll votes in violation of the con-
stitution and laws of Missouri, in order to secure
the election of the contestant. Sir, if these
men were excluded from the polls who ought
to be excluded by the constitution and laws of
the State of Missouri, this contestant would
not have the least ground to stand upon. If
I believed under a proper registration of Cal-
laway Mr. Switzler would have beaten me for
Congress I would never have accepted a cer-
tificate of election.
The gentleman says that he was appointed
provost marshal by Mr. Lincoln. That is
true ; but when charges of disloyalty were tiled
against the gentleman he was removed, because
he was an unfit man to hold that office. When
he was provost marshal of this district he had
a good deal of trouble with the county of Cal-
laway ; and I have the testimony of his chief
clerk, giving the opinions of the contestant in
regard to the loyalty of this county, where
there was a registered vote of two thousand :
" William W. Davenport, of lawful age, on his
oath, deposeth and saith:
" Question. Mr. Davenport, whercdoyou reside?
"Anttocr. Mexico, Audrain county, Missouri.
" Question. How long have you resided in this con-
gressional district?
"Answer. Upward of twenty years.
"Question. Were jou connected m any manner
with tho service of tho Government during the war 7
"Answer. Yes, sir. . . . . rt
" Question. Whatservice were yon connected with C
"Jbwwer. Withthoconseriptionbureau, torupwaid
of two years, from some tinae in the latter part ot
Au£iu.U 18C3, to the 1st of September, 18G3.
