1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
Mr. MUNGEN. I move the adoption of
tho following resolution:
That the member from Illinois [Mr.
F\k\swokth be reprimanded by the Speaker ot the
ll>>u>e lor the uso ot words as reported by the Clerk
:u«' now.
I Laughter. 1
Mr. DAWES. I move that the resolution
bo '.ud on tho tabic.
Mr. WASHBl'RNE, of Illinois. What are
tho words ?
Mr. DAWES. lie means tho withdrawal
of the words " on this floor." [Laughter.]
Mr. WASIIBURXE. of Illinois. I desire
to know what we are voting on ; what words are
referred to?
Mr. Ml" KG EN. The offensive words call-
ing gentlemen upon this floor "rebel breth-
ren.
Mr. WASHBURXE, of Illinois. That is
not so stated in the resolution.
Mr. MUNGEN. I desire to have it so
stated, and I will modify ray resolution in that
way.
-Mr. WOOD. I hope I shall enjoy the sole
honor of censure and that the gentleman from
Illinois may escape.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk states he can-
not modify the gentleman's resolution, and he
will have to do it himself?
Mr. DAWES. I move that it be laid on
the 'able so as to give the gentleman time to
modify it.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman state
in his seat the words excepted to?
Mr. MUNGEN. The words, if I remember
them correctly, were these:
"And whoever commends himself to the rebel ele-
ment in the South commends himself to their rebel
brethren on this floor."
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
words as taken down by the stenographer and
incorporate them in the resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution with the words
incorporated, as follows:
Rtrjlvtd, That the member from Illinois [Mr.
Faesswoeth] be reprimanded by the Speaker for
the use ot the words used by him as reported by the
Clerk just now. a- fallows: ,
"And whoever commends himself to tho affections
of the rebel clement there commends himself equally
to the affections of their rebel brethren on this floor:"
Mr. MUNGEN. I demand the yeas and
nays on laying the resolution on the table. 1
The yeas and nays were refused.
The resolution was then laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois will now proceed.
A Member. In order. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, after
what I have said in reference to the officer in
command in New Orleans, I wish to say this
much in addition. I have based the remarks
I have made with reference to him upon what
information is in my possession—upon letters
and facts which have come to my attention. I
am very sorry to believe any of these reports,
and I wish to say that having always regarded
him as a gallant soldier and a personal friend,
it surprised me perhaps as mnch as it did any
one else when I read his order, and when I 1
received by letters and newspaper reports
accoonts of the joy with which, as is alleged,
he had filled the hearts of the rebels in his
district.
And I will say further that after that officer
had been ordered to relieve General Sheridan ;
I met him in Washington on his way to the :
South; and as I knew him well, having fought (
by his side in the field, I spoke to him and
said: " Why, General, yon are going to New
Orleans, are you?" "Yes," said he ; "and
some people nave got the idea, because I am
sent down there to relieve General Sheridan,
that I am a copperhead; but they will find
themselves greatly mistaken. I have fought
rebels too long in the field to be a copperhead
now." I was therefore surprised when I read
the first order he issued, and still more at the
second.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to pat a qnestion ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 would inquire whether
that was not a private conversation, and
whether the gentleman is justified in repeating i
it in public V !
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not regard it
as such, as there were one or two gentlemen,
I think, standing by at the time ; and what is
more, I repented the same conversation within
a few days after it occurred at a public meet-
ing in the gentleman's [Mr. Randall's] own
city of Philadelphia.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not know about his
being a "copperhead," but I object to this
nse of a private conversation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That certainly is not
a question of order.
Mr. GETZ. Does the gentleman think that
General Hancock has proved himself a copper-
head from the simple fact that he has pro-
claimed that the civil law should be supreme?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If it is true that Gen-
eral Hancock has filled the rebels of his depart-
ment with joy, and that they hail liirn with
cheers and songs upon his arrival at the thea-
ter and other public places, while he has filled
the hearts of the loyal men and of the freed-
men with sorrow and mourning, I leave it to
the gentleman to judge whether he is a copper-
head or not.
Mr. GETZ. If I knew what the gentleman
meant perhaps I could answer it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The order of Gen-
eral Hancock alluded to by the gentleman
with refereuce to the civil authorities filled me
with very great surprise and alarm. That a
subordinate officer, sent to the command of a
district, should set at defiance an act of Con-
gress, the very act which placed him there,
and set above it the laws of a bogus government
which that act of Congress declared illegal, is
certainly very surprising. Gentlemen talk about
recognizing the civil law. The civil law which
it is his duty to recognize is the act of Con-
gess under which he went there. General
ancock said to me he was going to New Or-
leans to execute the laws of Congress in addi-
tion to what I have already repeated. He
certainly has not done it if the reports are
true. If he answers the petitions for his in-
tercession that are made to him by loyal men
to save them from the oppression of rebels by
referring them to the juries and sheriffs and
constables and rebel magistrates, I think he is
not executing the law of Congress by any man-
ner of means, for the law of Congress makes
it his duty not only to keep tho peace but to
see that every man there has equal and exact
justice, without reference to condition or color;
and we do know, all of us, that their laws and
the officers that they have there to administer j
them do not execute justice. We do know very
well that no northern man, no loyal man, no
freed man can get justice in one of their courts
before their juries. You will find it in the
reports made to Congress by committees time
and time again, and from the evidence of all
the military commanders who have held com-
mands in the South during the last two or
three years.
{Here the hammer fell.]
Ir. PAINE obtained the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. PAINE. I will yield for a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the pending bill, and I ask that it may
be read.
The SPEAKER. An amendment is not in
order while the motion to recommit is pending.
Mr. BUTLER. It is an amendment to the
motion to recommit. I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I now ask that it be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Amend the motion to recommit by adding "with
instructions to report," instead of the first section
of the bill as reported, a section substantially as
follows:
he 11 enacted, dee., That in Virginia, North Car-
olina, South Carolina, Georgia. Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, Texas, and Arkansas there are no
civil governments republican in form, and that the
so-called civil governments in said States respect-
ively are hereby declared invalid and without any
legal toree and etlect what ever. In order to supply
the places of such governments so declared illegal,
the several eonstitutional conventions of each of
said States, as soon as such conventions respectively
shall have submitted to tho people a constitution or
frame of government for their ratification, shall havo
power and authority to appoint all civil otlicors
heretofore provided by tho laws of said States, such
officers to have all the powers and shall perform all
the duties pertaining by law to such offices respect-
ively: it shall bo the duty of the several district
commanders to confirm the appointment of such
officers by the conventions, to install each officer in
his office; to cause to be put into tho possession and
control of each officer tho records and archives and
other property of the State pertaining to his office,
and to do all other acts which may bo necessary to
enable sitch State officers respectively to perform
the functions of their offices; each of said officers
may be removed for cause, to bo stated in tho order
of removal by said district commanders respectively,
and in case of vacancies, by death or otherwise, tho
same may be filled by appointments of the district
commanders respectively; such State governments
so organized shall continuo in force and authority
until each State respectively shall be admitted into
the Union and other State officers shall havo been
elected and qualilied under the constitutions thereof.
Mr. PAINE. I yielded the floor for a mo-
tion to adjourn, and for no other purpose. I
must resume the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts desires to offer an amendment to
the motion to recommit.
Mr. PAINE. I cannot consent to yield for
that purpose.
The SPEAKER. Then the motion to
amend is not before the House.
Mr. BUTLER. I merely propose to move
an amendment to the motion to recommit.
Mr. PAINE. The question will have to be
taken on such an amendment as much as on
an amendment to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] who submitted the motion to
recommit, has the right to withdraw that motion
at any time; in which case any amendment
j which may be pending would fall with the
I motion. Should the motion to recommit not
be withdrawn, then the first question would be
i upon any amendment pending thereto.
Mr. PAINE. Very well; I will not object
to the amendment with that understanding.
The amendment was received.and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. O'NEILL. Will the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] yield to enable me to
introduce some bills and a resolution for refer-
6dcg ?
Mr. PAINE. Certainly.
BOLTON AND PATTERSON.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, then
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 447) to refund
certain overpaid duties to Bolton & Patterson ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
SHIP GOLCONDA.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 448) to change the
name of the ship Golconda; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
LIFE-SAVING APPARATUS.
Mr. C0NEILL, by unanimous consent, also
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
communicate to this House the report of tho commis-
gion for examining into life-saving apparatus which
held its sitting in New York city in 1867.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paine] now yield to allow me to
introduce a bill for reference?
Mr. PAINE. I have no objection.
Mr. BURR. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
