1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1935
mittee offered the House and the country for
the passage of this measure in such palpable
violation of existing obligations? Before I
proceed to examine the report of the commit-
tee which accompanies the bill, I desire to call
attention to ihe class of voters by whom the
proposed constitution of Alabama has been
rejected. In prescribing the qualifications of
voters especial pains were taken to exclude a
sufficient number of the whites to give numer-
ical ascendency to the blacks. Therefore an
oath was invented admitting of great latitude
of construction and boards of registration ap-
pointed who would be certain to operate it so
as to produce the desired result. Bach regis-
tered voter was obliged to take the following
oath:
"That I have never been a member of any State
legislature nor held any executive or judicial office
m any State and alterward engaged in insurrection
or rebellion against thp United States, or given aid
or comfort to the enemies thereof; that I have never
taken an oath as a member of Congress of theUnited
Mates, or as an officer of the United States, or as a
member of any State Legislature, or as an executive
or jadicial ofiteer of any State, to suppoifc the Con-
stitution of the United States, and afterward engaged
in insurrection or rebellion against the United States
or given aid or comlort to the enemies thereof; that
1 will faithfully support the Constitution and obey
the laws of the United States, and will, to the best
ot my ability, encourage others so to do. So help
me God."
This test-oath was applied with great strin-
gency throughout the military districts of the
South. Under it almost all who at anytime
held the pettiest offices were excluded by many
of the boards of registration ; as, for example,
aldermen, tax-collectors, assessors, constables,
street commissioners, auctioneers, school di-
rectors, and even the sextons of cemeteries.
How the test-oath must, have applied in Ala-
bama appears from the following figures:
The total white population of Alabama is, according
to the census of 18(30  52(3,271
Total negro and mulatto  437,0S0
Majority of the whites  89,191
But notwithstanding this difference of popu-
lation in favor of the whites the registered col-
ored voters exceed the registered white voters
by upward of twenty thousand. Considering
the proportion between the colored population
and the registered colored voters, instead of
seventy-three thousand registered white voters
the white population ought to have furnished
about one hundred and twelve thousand, if all
had been permitted to register, showing that
nearly forty thousand of the white people of
Alabama must have been disfranchised.
For the colored applicants for registration
there was doubtless a corresponding laxity of
construction on the part of the boards of regis-
tration, every one of which was in the interest
of the Radicals.
Still the voters thus sifted and registered re-
jected the obnoxious constitution by a majority
of many thousands.
Let us now see for what reasons the Recon-
struction Committee propose to reverse this
verdict, and by an exercise of arbitrary power
force upon the unwilling people of Alabama
this rejected constitution, and admit to seats in
this Congress the adventurers who have come
here as the representatives of a negro minorily.
The committee in their report do not profess
to have observed the letter of the act of March
23, 1867, but they say :
" That it is their intention to pursue the spirit, if
not the letter, of the law of March 23, 1S67, entitled
* An act supplementary to an act entitled an act to
provide for the more efficient government of the
rebel States, passed Mai eh 2,18ti7, and to facilitate
restoration.' They especially intend to enforce the
spirit of that law when there seems to be any con-
flict in the facts in evidence between the spirit and
the letter."
But it is not pretended that the letter does
not express the meaning which it was origi-
nally intended that act should convey. How,
then, can there be a conflict between the spirit
and the letter of the law, unless by the spirit
is meant the ulterior design of all the recon-
struction laws passed by this Congress, which
is that not one of the proscribed States shall
be admitted until its people are willing to pass
under the radical yoke, and until the Represent-
atives they send to this Congress have first pros-
trated themselves before the ebony idol which
has been set up in the midst of the southern
land.
And the committee say: " Such is the true
principle laid down by moral jurists for the
government of judges." " Moral jurists" for-
sootht What are moral jurists as contradis-
tinguished from jurists proper? I suppose they
are the high priests of the higher law; that
they are the oracles who sit in the courts of
those who find in their sectional passions and
in their partisan ambitions laws which are
paramount to the written laws of their country.
The committee go on to say that the provis-
ion under which the constitution had been re-
jected is " a most" unusual provision in our or
any other Government." But surely no fair
man can deny that it is a reasonable provision
that a majority of the legal voters shall be on
the side of the constitution which is to become
the organic law of the State. If this be, in-
deed, unusual, and not according to the estab-
lished custom, it is a custom more honored in
the breach than in the observance.
The committee say still further on that "on
the day of the Alabama election a most ex-
traordinary and unexpected state of things
existed;" that a violent storm prevailed "from
morning tonight;" that "the streams were
swollen," and that cause "kept from the polls
numbers of voters who would otherwise have
attended." Who ever before heard that be-
cause of foul weather upon an election day
not only was the election itself to be disre-
garded, but the fruits of victory were to be
handed over to the defeated party?
But the committee were careful not to state
in this connection that the election continued
for more than one day; and that the time was
twice extended by the dictator of the district,
until the whole number of days for voting was
five in all. It is not pretended that the rain
continued to descend and that the waters did
not abate for the whole of those five days dur-
ing which the people of Alabama were invited
to vote. Is an act of Congress so flimsy a
thing that the winds can blow it down and the
rains wash it away? If so, then wo may liken
this Congress to the foolish man described in
Holy Writ who built his house upon the sand.
The committee say that there were frauds
committed in this election. How could there
have been frauds committed except, indeed, they
were upon that side now championed by this
Congress? Who appointed the boards of reg-
istration and the officers of the election? Gen-
erals Pope and Meade; and they are men after
your own hearts. There is not a Radical paper
in the land which has not sounded their praises.
They appointed all the boards of registration
and all the officers of election. Careful to the
utmost degree was Congress that among these
manipulators of the ballots there should be no
lurking rebel. Here is the oath taken by every
officer of the election:
" I, A B, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have
never voluntarily borne aims against the United
States since X have been a citizen thereof; that I
have voluntarily given no aid, countenance, counsel,
or encouragement to persons engaged in armed hos-
tility thereto; that I have never sought nor accepted
nor attempted to exercise the lunctions of any olhce
whatever, under any authority oi pretended aathoi-
ity, in hostility to the United States; that X have not
yielded a voluntary support to any pretended gov-
ernment, authority, power, or coiwituii'm within
the United States hostile or inimical thereto; and!
do further swear (or aliirm} that, to the bett ot luy
knowledge and ability, I will support and defend
the Constitution of the United States against all
enemies, foreign and domestic; that 1 will hear true
faith and allegiance to the same; that X take this
obligation freely, without any mental reservation or
purpose of evasion, and that 1 will well and faith-
fully discharge the duties of the office on which I am
about to enter. So help me (Jod."
And were there not Radical place-hunters
enough besides interested in the result to as-
sist in watching the polls? There were nine-
teen members of the convention who were
members of the boards of registration and
fifty-six members of the convention who were
candidates for office at that election. A ma-
jority of each board of registration were Radi-
cals, and four fifths of all the boards of regis-
tration contained at least one member who
was a Radical candidate for office, and the
members of the boards of registration were
also, under the law, the officers of the election.
How, then, with all these safeguards, could
there have been fraud, except on the part of
those who now allege it ?
The committee say that ballot-boxes were
stolen. If they were stolen they must have
been stolen by their Radical custodians, and
stolen for the very purpose of making the
charge against others.
_ The committee go on to say that there were
violence and threats to deter voters from going
to the polls.^ Where was Meade, the dictator,
with the United States troops, detachments of
which were stationed at every poll and in every
city, village, and hamlet throughout the State ?
If there was violence, where were the provost
marshal's guard and the military police?
There could have been force only on one side,
and that the side of those who were protected
by Federal bayonets, and not on the side of
the defenseless and unarmed white people of
Alabama.
It is said by the committee that the colored
voters were prevented from going to the polls.
Yet seventy thousand of them are admitted to
have been there, three fourths of their entire
number. If these charges or any of them
were true you may be sure that the agents and
spies of the Freedmen's Bureau would be here
to prove them.
But what evidence is there, Mr. Speaker, of
the truth of any of these allegations? There
was not a single witness examined before the
committee. It is true, the chairman of the
committee [Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania]
announced in the hearing of the House the
other day that there had been three witnesses
examined. But even so prominent a member
of the Committee on Reconstruction as the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fabnrwortii]
knew nothing of it, and so testified in the hear-
ing of the House. The conservative member
of that committee, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck,] who was then in his seat,
said that he had never known anything of the
examination of any witnesses, nor had lie
ever had notice of the meeting of the Recon-
struction Committee for the examination of
witnesses in this case. And I am authorized
by the other conservative member of the com-
mittee, the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] who is prevented by sickness from
attending the session of the House to-day, to
state in his behalf that he never heard of the
examination of a witness on this subject by the
Reconstruction Committee, and that he never
received any notice to attend any meeting of
the committee for any such purpose.
The only thing called "testimony" which
challenges the attention of the House consists
of some ex parte affidavits, one of them signed
by a group of seven irresponsible nobodies, of
whom no one here ever heard before, and
another signed by a number of colored people,
not one of whom could sign his name or lead
the contents of the document to which he was
induced to affix his mark. It was three of these
latter individuals whom the chairman of the
committee designated as having been examined
before the committee. They were examined,
as I have already shown, if examined at all, in
a corner ; and the result of that examination
must have been a conviction, on the part of the
honorable chairman, that it would be dangerous
to have them examined in the presence of the
conservative members of the committee, lest
an opportunity might be afforded for cross-
examination. Ignorant men like these, not
able to read or write, could doubtless have been
induced by those who manipulate them to sign
almost anything which would have been con-
sidered necessary for the business in hand. I
say, therefore, in view of these facts, that there
was no testimony deserving the name of evi-
