552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rules, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. BENTON: The remonstrance of
Hon. W. W. Stickney. and 22 others, members
of the bar in Rockingham county, New Hamp-
shire, against the removal of the sessions of
tiie circuit and district courts from the town
of veter.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Samnel
F. Crawford, of .Michigan, late a soldier in the
war of the rebellion, praying that in view of
his services in the field the Government grant
him a quarter section of land described in
petition.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of citi-
zens of St. Augustine. Florida, for the grant
of a lot of land on which to erect a building for a
freeduien's school.
By Mr. JENCKES: The petition of William
Hunter, for relief.
Also, the petition of Martha M. Jones, admin-
istratrix of Samuel T. Jones, for relief.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of mer-
chants, manufacturers, and others, of the city
of Philadelphia, praying that the existing tax
of two and a half cents per pound on the cot-
ton crop of 18i57 be repealed.
By Mr. KELSEY: '1 he petition of 24 citi-
zens of Geneva, New York, for a pension for
Henry SneUing.
Also, the petition of ArillaFoster, for relief.
By Mr. IvOONTZ: The petition of Daniel
Burrows, and 4,871 others, colored laborers
of Washington, District of Columbia, asking
that contractors under the Government be
prohibited from discriminating against them in
the employment of laborers.
By Mr. MAYXARD: A memorial of Assist-
ant Engineer John Blankenship, praying for
arrearage of pay.
By Mr. MOORE : The petition of Stephen
R. Parkhurst, tor extension of his patent for
ginning cotton and burring wool.
By Mr. MYE 113: The petition of Lewis A.
Uhl, late first lieutenant company C one hun-
dred and eighty-eighth Pennsylvania volun-
teers, for pension corresponding to his rank
when wounded.
By Mr. PEUHAM : The petition of Michael
Kinney, for increase of pension.
By Mr. PLANTS: The petition of Daniel
Sheets, for an invalid pension.
By Mr. ROBERTSON : The petition of
William Northedge, of the city of Washing-
ton, for relief.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition and papers on
behalf of Barbara Weiss, praying for a pen-
sion, &c.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 16, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
privilege of tbk floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to bring to the
notice of the Senate a matter that can only be
done by unanimous consent, but I believe no
Senator will object to it. The Commissioner
of the Internal Revenue and the Special Com-
missioner of Revenue have constanKfriecessity
to be on the floor, especially when revenue
bills are being considered. I propose that the
rule relative to admissions to the floor of the
Senate be so modified that those two officers
be allowed the privilege of admission to the
floor when bills affecting their department are
under consideration. I think there can be no
objection to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be
done by unanimous consent. Is there any
objection to the motion? None being made,
•the rule is ao modified.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 278) to provide for the
discontinuance of district land offices in certain
cages; the bill (H. R. No. 8581 for the relief
of settlers on the late Sioux Indian reservation
in the State of Minnesota; and the bill (H. R.
No. 359) amendatory of the homestead law,
were severally read by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands. ;
executive communication. ;
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report from Hon. E. M. Stanton,
Secretary of ar, communicating, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate of the 9th I
of April, 1807, the names of volunteer officers
in the military service of the Government at ;
the time that resolution was received at the
War Department, together with a list of such
officers at pr^ent retained ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
cotton tax.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the message from the House of
Representatives announcing that it non-con-
curred in the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 207) to provide for the exemp-
tion of cotton from internal tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Finance
have instructed me to move that the Senate
recede from its amendments, with an amend-
ment to the House bill. The committee pro-
pose to leave the House bill stand as it was
sent to us originally, with this proviso added:
Provided, That raw cotton imported from, foreign
countries on and after July 1,18(38, shall bo exempt
from duty.
I should like to have a vote now on the
question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope we shall not
. recede, thus abandoning the principle we estab-
lished, that we would only provide for a sus-
I pension of the tax for one year.
I Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator want
} further time? I was going to propose that we
have a direct vote, and take the sense of the
Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate is not full
now. Let it lie over until the Senate is full,
and then it can be called up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
allowing it to lie over for a little while.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to inquire of
the Senator from Ohio what is the duty on
imported cotton now?
Mr. SHERMAN. The duty on imported
cotton now is about the same as the internal
tax. I think it is three cents a pound. For-
merly there was no duty on imported cotton,
because there was no internal tax on cotton.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves that the Senate recede
from its amendments, with the amendment
just read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senatorfrom Ohio,
I understand, is willing that the matter should
lie over for a while until the Senate is full.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have a
vote, but if the Senator desires to have the
matter lie over for the present I have no objec-
tion. Perhaps the Senate is now as full as it
will be during the morning ; I have no desire
to discuss it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us agree to vote at
one o'clock. The Senate will be full then.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us finish the morn-
ing business first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until
one o'clock. The Senate will probably be full
then.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection, if
we can have a vote at that time. I ask the
Senator from Maine if he desires to discuss
the question? *
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all. I only
want a full Senate when the vote is taken.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well, then; I have no
objection to its being postponed until ten min-
utes before one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Say one o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a special order
for one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois moves that the further con-
sideration of this matter be postponed until
one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CATTELL. I present a petition, nu-
merously signed by prominent merchants, ma n-
ufacturers, and others of the city of Philadel-
phia, praying that the existing tax of two and
a half cents per pound on the cotton crop of
1867 be repealed. As this matter has been
acted on by the Senate, I move that the petition
He on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CATTELL also presented a petition of
citizens of Pennsgrove, New Jersey, praying
for a daily mail route between that place and
Woodstown; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented a petition of citi-
zens of Montpelier, Vermont, calling attention
to a resolution passed by the Legislature of
that State in 1850, and praying, in accordance
therewith, the establishment of a line of mail
steamships between the United States and Li-
beria ; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offioes and Post Roads.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a memorial of
citizens of Texas, praying that non-residents
of the State be not confirmed by the Seuate to
Federal offices therein ; which was ordered to
] lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented resolutions and
1 petition adopted at a meeting of citizens of
Marlborough, Massachusetts, setting forth the
. rights of American citizens in other countries,
and asking for a law of Congress on the sub-
ject; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. TIPTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Seward county, Nebraska, praying the
establishment of a mail route between Lincoln,
Nebraska, and the mouth of Douglas Creek, in
that State ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a peti-
tion of Ezra Carter, jr., late collector at Port-
tend, Maine, praying that the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury be authorized to audit and
credit him the sum of $875 90 for moneys dis-
bursed for the use and benefit of the United
States, the vouchers for said disbursements
having been destroyed during the fire last year;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I present the memorial
of Thomas S. Williamson, Stephen R. Riggs,
and John P. Williamson, who are familiar with
our Indian affairs, and seem to have examined
them very carefully. They set forth various
j reasons why the present mode of dealing with
! the Indians is objectionable, and they petition
! Congress to incorporate the Indians into the
\ United States and extend the laws of the Uni-
| ted States over them. They suggest the pro-
priety of having officers of the Government
! stationed at places where the Indians come in
| contact with the white population, to look after
| their interests. They believe that by a sys-
; tern of this kind we can manage the Indians
much more economically and civilize them and
I avoid wars, and they cite as examples of this
the conduct of other nations with regard to
Indian tribes. It is a paper drawn up with
very considerable care. I move its reference
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
kep0rt8 of committees.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 180) relating to United States
notes, by which the legal-tender act is reen-
acted and provision made for contraction pay-
able in gold, to report it back to the Senate,
and move that it be laid on the table, as it is
their opinion that it is not proper at this pres-
ent time to proceed with that legislation.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
