43C
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July l&,
Ho. of Reps.
Contested Election—Mr. Anderson.
40th Cong....2d Bi
" Question. What district was that conscription
bureau for ? .
"Answer. Ninth congressional district. 1 also hold
the) auk of deputy provost marshal.
"Question. Were you thoroughly conversant with
the operations of the board ?
"Answer1. I was, sir. I had entire charge of tho
records and correspondence.
"Question. Who was provost marshal of the dis-
ii let?
"An/noer. Colonel Switzler, and then Lovelace, and
then Adams, who was president of the board, by vir-
tue of his office of provost marshal.
"Question. While William J?. Switzler, the con-
testant in this case, was president of the board, was
there much difficulty in executing tho conscript law
in this county—Callaway?
"Answer. There was, sir; the enrolling officers had
to be furnished with heavy guards while performing
their duties—being afraid to go out of town without
thorn.
" Question. Did Colonel Switzler furnish to thepro-
vost marshal general any excuse for not enrolling
the county of Callaway in time? and if so, what?
"Answer. He did; letters reprimanding him for
his tardiness in enrolling the district were received
by him, both by the provost marshal general of this
State, and the Provost Marshal General of the Uni-
ted States; he gave as his reason the condition of the
county in which the officer had to operate. This
county was about tho last in the district in which
til c enrollment was finished, the reason for which was,
as stated by him to the provostmarshal general, that
ho could not obtain suitable escorts to accompany
the enrolling officers.
"Question. Have you any knowledge of a com-
munication while he was president of the board to
the provost marshal general, in which he cxpiessed
an opinion as to the loyalty or disloyalty of the peo-
ple of Callaway county?
"Answer. Sly recollection is, that in one of his
communications to the provost marshal general in
regaid to the dilatoriness in enrolling this county,
he expressed the opinion that thero wero not two
hundred loyal men in it.
" Question. What other means did you have of
knowing his opinion of tho loyalty of the county ?
"Answer. Mo was very much annoyed with the
slow progress of the enrollment; frequently expressed
himself in regard to it; frequently designating it ns
the South Carolina of Missouri. I repeatedly heard
him say there were not two hundred loyal men in it,
in his opinion.
"Question. What would be your opinion, with
your means of knowing, as to the number of quali-
fied voters in Callaway county, under a proper exe-
cution of the registry Jaw?
"Answer. I have no means of knowing, except
information received while connected with the pro-
vost marshal's bureau. I thoroughly coincided with
Colonel Switzler in his estimates as to tho number of
loyal men in the county then, and have had no
reason to change my opinion since.
" W. W. DAVENPORT."
We see here, then, when he was occupying
office and wearing the shoulder-straps Mr.
Lincoln had put upon him, he thought there
were "but two hundred loyal men in the county
of Callaway. When he expressed this opinion
lie was acting in an official capacity. To
excuse himself for the slow progress of the
enrollment he cited the rebellions condition of
sweet Callaway, and characterized the county
as the South Carolina of Missouri. To-day, if
the contestant was placed on oath 1 cannot
believe that he would fail to testify that the
registry law was most shamefully violated in
this county. Witnesses who had resided in
the county twenty-five and thirty years testified
without exception, that there were not over
two hundred: Union men in this county, back-
ing up the official declaration of the contestant
made before he thought of becoming the can-
didate of the rebels for Congress.
Now, sir, I say to this House that the in-
dorsement of this registration in Callaway
comity is equivalent to saying to the rebels of
that county or1 any other county in Missouri,
"It you will intimidate and browbeat the regis-
tering officersand get yourselves placed on the
registry list, the Congress of the United States
will recognize the validity of the registration,
and you will have nosort of trouble about it."
The indorsement of the registration is saying
to the rebels of Missouri where they have
the preponderance, as iii Callaway county,
"Trample under foot the laws of the State;
you arc all right with the Congress of the Uni-
ted States. All you have got to do is to swear
and to vote." This was the advice given to
these men throughout the county, and pend-
ing the registration there was a meeting of
confederate soldiers in that county with a view
to influencing the election, but finding the
registrars were placing every man on the list
who choose to take the oath, they adjourned
without passing any resolution on the subject.
Their end had been accomplished. They had
intended to hold a meeting, but the ends and
aims of the gentleman and his party were car-
ried out in a complete nullification of the
registry law in that county.
Now, go back with me to 1862. In August,
1802, the people of Missouri were called upon
to enroll in the militia of the State. The county
of Callaway did not pay any regard to this
whatever. The testimony of Hiram Cornell
shows that they did not pretend to organize
under that call of the Governor of the State.
It was December of that year before any at-
tempt was made by the people of that county
to organize. And how many men were found
in that county in December, 1862, who were
willing to do even militia service for the State
of Missouri on the loyal side? There were but
three companies that could be raised. Two
of them were rejected on account of having
elected disloyal officers, and only one company
was mustered into the service. But when it
came to voting over two thousand were regis-
tered as qualified voters where but one com-
pany of loyal men could be found to do service
in behalf of the Government. In other words,
when in 1862 the people of Callaway were
asked to do the duties of loyalty they did not
respond, but in 1866 they were clamorous to
exercise the privileges of loyalty, and over two
thousand men were found who swore they had
always been loyal to the Government. The
proper doctrine to teach is that he who will
not perform the duties of loyalty shall not
exercise its privileges.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I was surprised, indeed,
to hear the distinguished gentleman from Ver-
mont, who made this report from the Commit-
tee of Elections, say to theHouse that the regis-
tration officers were all my friends. Sir, I
had not three political friends among the regis-
trars of that county, and they all swear that the
law was most infamously violated.
Mr. POLAND. I beg to correct the gentle-
man. What I did say was this: that so far as there
was any evidence whatever in the ease in relation
to the political sentiments of these registrars,
tliey were the political friends of the sitting
member, that the superintendent of registration
was appointed by the Governor, who was his
political friend ; and that there was no evidence
to show that any single one of the district regis-
trars was not his political friend. I say the
same now.
Mr. ANDERSON. The truth in reference
to the registering officers is that of the nine
appointed but three were my political friends.
Why? Because, as William H. Thomas testi-
fies, he could not find men that were loyal to
the Government in that country who would
execute the registry law. There are whole
townships in that county in which I did not
receive a solitary vote. And why ? Because
those men had been imbued with the spirit of
rebellion and not a political friend of miue
could be obtained in some townships in the
county to execute the registry law. Such was
the condition of things in that county, and out
of a registered vote of nearly two thousand one
hundred, but forty-five votes were rejected in
the entire county.
Mr. POLAND. I beg to correct the gen-
tleman from. Missouri in what he says in refer-
ence to the testimony of Thomas. Thomas ^
certifies, in this certificate which he undertook |i
to foist upon the copy of registration, that he j|
was unable to find suitable men, and therefore j'
appointed improper and unsuitable men. He !.
does not testify to any such fact. (■
Mr. ANDERSON. Here is the testimony ,
of Thomas, on page 20;
"Question. Wore you present at the registration '•
of voters at any time in the township of Fulton ? j
" Answer. For some time previous to the registry- '
tion in Fulton township X had been endeavoring to
get various men whom I thought would carry oat
the law in Eulton township. Ifound it difficult to
do so. As a final resort, I appointed 3fr; J. I).
Snedicor, who had acted as provost marshal for the
county, who I thought had a better chance to,do the
work legally than any other man I couldget. I went
into his office soon after he commenced and saw him
register a number of persons."
Now, after looking around for a good man
to register in Pulton township, where nearly
one fourth of the entire vote of the county was
registered, he alighted on this man Snedicor;
and Jesse Garner in his testimony swears that
he told Snedicor when he registered that he
had been_ in the rebel service, and had been
wounded in it: and notwithstanding that Sned'
icor enrolled him as a qualified voter and put
him on the list as such. This is the only man
Thomas could find who would execute the
registry law or promise to execute it in that
township. He rejected few of those who ap-
plied and did not reject a solitary man who
would come forward and take the oath. What
did the law require the registering officers to
do ? It required them to diligently inquire into
the loyalty of these men. Thomas swears that
he furnished to the registering officers a list
of those enrolled as disloyal men iu the county.
That list foots up some five hundred, and yet
notwithstanding they were furnished with that
list and the law required them to inquire dili-
gently into the loyalty of those men they were
registered as qualified voters. That is the man-
ner in which the law was executed in that
county.
Sir, I am perfectly satisfied that the law was
most infamously violated in that county. I
am equally well satisfied that the contestant
himself knows that if there had been a proper
registration I should have beaten him for Con-
gress ; and I know full well that in the coming
contest in that district the gentleman will find
himself in the vocative if he relies upon a
repetition of tho Callaway registration; for I
tell you that the law will then be executed in
that county, or some of the gentlemen's friends
will be executed. [Laughter.] There is no
solitary witness who has been called upon to
give his opinion of the number of Union men
in the county that has set it at over two hun-
dred and eighty persons. It would have re-
quired a legal registration of five hundred and
eighteen votes in the county of Callaway to
have defeated me for Congress.
Who believes that there was any attention
paid to the execution of the law with such a
state of facts as this, shown by the testimony,
and staring the House of Representatives in
the face ?
Mr. Speaker, I was pained to hear the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Polakd] make the remarks he did in reference
to the supervisor of registration of the county
of Callaway. Sir, there is nothing which will
better satisfy rebel malignity and rebel hatred
than to find upon the floor of this House of
Representatives a Republican member of the
Committee of Elections denouncing William
H. Thomas. That man has stood out against
the traitors of Callaway county, and tried
honestly and faithfully to execute the law.
Thero is no more honest man, no better, no
more faithful citizen, than William H. Thomas;
and there is nothing that the rebel element of
Missouri, and especially of this county of Cal-
laway, will delight in more than to read the
comments of the distinguished gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] upon what he calls
this fly-blownj-c-gistry of William II. Thuinas.
Sir, William H. Thomas is a true and loyal
man, and there is not a man of intelligence in
Missouri of any political party who does not
know that William H. Thomas certified to the
truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the
truth, when he certified that the registry law
had not been carried out in its letter and spirit
in the county of Callaway. Sir, the law was
shamefully violated, and it would have been
