1936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
dence before the Reconstruction Committee to
make out any one of the allegations contained
in their report.
But the committee go on to say that since
the act of March 23, this convention has
passed a law which enables a constitution to
be ratified by a majority of the votes east, no
matter how few may be the voters that attend
the polls ; and the committee have the auda-
city to say that they do not see why that law
should not apply to this case, although the
law was passed long after the election in Ala-
bama had taken place. Amazing obliquity of
human vision, that this learned committee
should not be able to see that an ex post facto
statute could not apply either in morals or in
law to a case like this !
They conclude their report by the emphatic
declaration that they have "determined that
no State shall ever be admitted into the Union
when the right to universal suffrage shall not
be made permanent and impossible of viola-
tion." There is the key which unlocks the
whole system of policy by which the Recon-
struction Committee and the majority in this
House have been directed. The committee
might as well have added that they were in
like manner determined to admit any State
which would establish negro equality and send
Representatives here pledged to vote as they
are bidden by a Republican caucus, and loyal
to the perpetuation of Radical misrule.
Who are tliesegentlemen of the Reconstruc-
tion Committee who have thus laid down their
ultimatum ? Cut a single one of them all comes
from a State which has incorporated into its
own laws the doctrine which they say it is their
fixed determination to enforce in every one of
the proscribed States of the South. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell]
on that committee is the only one who comes
from a State where negro equality is acknowl-
edged, even in theory. Another gentleman on
that committee, thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,] comes from a State which only last
fall rejected this principle by a majority of
38,353 ; and a Republican State at that. The
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,]
another member of that committee, comes
from a State which in November, 1805, rejected
the same proposition by 8,059 majority. Three
other States of the Noith. have recently held
elections in which the question was decided the
same way. One of these was Connecticut,
which gave in 18G5a majority of 11,035against
it. Another was Minnesota, which in 1867
gave a majority of 1,298 against it. Kansas,
one of the youngest of the sisterhood of States,
rejected the same proposition last year by a
majority of 8,938. There are in all but six of
the northern States that have incorporated into
their constitutions the doctrine of negro politi-
cal equality; and five of these are in New
England.
Now see how broad and comprehensive is
the philanthropy of these gentlemen of the
Reconstruction Committee. Why do they not
go home and convert the Republican heathen
there ? Why do they not turn themselves into
missionaries to preach this new political gospel
within the limits of their own loyal States?
Is it because their party is against it, and they
wish to retain their political power by being
quiet on that subject at home, but are willing
for the temporary acquisition of political power
elsewhere to enforce it upon the defenseless
and helpless white people of the South ?
Why, sir, let my colleague, the chairman of
the Reconstruction Committee, [Mr. Stevexs,]
go homo to Pennsylvania and become a negro
missionary there ; there, sir, where only a week
ago a proposition striking the word "white "
from the constitution of Pennsylvania was
voted down in the Republican Legislature of
that State by a vote of only thirteen yeas to
seventy-three nays. Why such hot haste to
admit the State of Alabama now? For three
years she has been a suppliant at your doors,
and you have never opened your arms to re-
ceive her j for three years she has petitioned
for representation here, which you have per-
sistently denied. Why do you bring her here
now, coerced into a representation which you
know her people abhor, and under a constitution
which they have rejected?
I do not intend to discuss the nature of the
instrument which this bill seeks to make the
constitution of Alabama. For, having been
rejected by the people, it matters not if it were
written by a Solon with a quill plucked from
the wing of an angel, it cannot become the
constitution of Alabama under the operation of
this bill without a violation of the fundamental
principle of American government, which is,
that governments are ordained by the people.
But there is one feature in thatmstrument so
especially monstrous that I cannot forbear its
mention. It disfranchises all citizens who will
not swear eternal fidelity to negro equality.
The fourth section of article seven provides an
oath to be taken by all registered to vote, as
follows:
"That I accept the civil and political equality of
all men, and agree not to attempt to deprive any
person or persons on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition, of any political or civil l ight, privi-
lege, or immunity enjoyed by any other class of
men." .
"Was there ever so shameless a law to fetter
free thought and the utterance of honest con-
victions? And this is in the name of republi-
can government! Was such a thing ever
heaid of before in any nation pretending to be
a republic? Upon the sacred subject of negro
equality all men are to have but one opinion ;
no man dare change his opinion ; or if he does
he must never express it, upon pain of perjury.
He must never attempt by argument to change
the opinions of others, no matter how much
the public interest may require reform. The
negro is to be euslirined as a divinity, whose
name is not be taken in vain. All this would
be ludicrous were it not so terrible oil account
of its reality.
Let me here read an extract from the elo-
quent and touching appeal in which the un-
happy white people of Alabama implore this
Congress to deal mercifully toward them:
"Will you, nearly thrco years after the war has
ended, when the passions it kindled should have
died out in the magnanimity which great success
ought to inspire, sulier a whole, State, full of your
kindred civilized, white inhabitants, not only those
who had opposed the Government, but women and
children and loyal men who had adhered to it, to be
thus delivered over to the horrid rule of barbarian
negroes? Do not compel the honorable officers and
brave men of the armies of the Republic to hold us
down while sueh fetters are forged in our view and
yours, and then ignominiously fastened upon us. We
are compatriots of Washington and Henry and Jef-
ferson andMadison and Marshall and the Pinkneys
and Marion and Jackson and Clay and Taylor. Are
there no names among these potent enough to arouse
any respect for us in your legislative halls?
"It is said, and by frequent repetition you are made
to believe it true, that the negroes and self-styled
loyalists cannot have justice done them, and are un-
safe among us, a.nd that we are still in a state of le-
bellion. The charges are false. Ever since the war
our courts and upright judges in them have admin-
istered justice as impartially as anywhere else in the
Republic.
"What higher evidence beside this could be given
of the universal goodtaith andentireness and frank-
ness of our surrender than the fact that notwith-
standing the great provocations of intruding political
adventurers not a single guerrilla band has existed
and been kept up against jour authority since the
abdication of the confederate authorities, under
whose orders the war was waged.
"Continue over us, if you will do so,your own rule
by the sword. Send down among us honorable and
upright men of your own people, of the race to which
you and we belong, and ungracious, contrary to wise
policy and the institutions of the country, and tyr-
annous as it will be, no hand will be raised among
us to resist by force their authority. But do not, we
implore you, abdicate your rule over us by trans-
ferring us to the blighting, biutalizing, and unnatural
dominion of an alien and inferior race, a race which
has never exhibited sufficient administrative ability
for the good government of even the tribeslnto which
it is broken up in its native seats, and which in all
ages has itself furnished slaves for all theother races
of the earth."
Let us turn now for a moment to a closer
consideration of the particular provisions of
the bill. This bill does not provide for the
admission of Alabama as a coequal member
of the. Federal Union. She is not only the
first to adopt the proposed amendment of the
Constitution known as article fourteen, recog-
nizing the equality of all races of men and
conferring upon them both Federal and State
citizenship, and upon Congress the right to
legislate for the State upon the subject here-
after; but the second section provides that
outside of any constitutional amendment the
State shall forever be subject to Congress in
that regard. It reads as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That ?.aid State
of Alabamashallbe recognized and admitted into the
Union upon the following fundamental condition:
that the right of suffrage of citizens of the United
Statesshall never be denied or abridged in said State
on account of race, color, or previous condition of
slavery; and Congress shall have power to annul any
act of said State in violation or in derogation of the
provisions of this act.
How can this lawfully be done? Where does
the Constitution, which is the only lawful bond
of this Union, prescribe that Congress may re-
peal State laws in any other cases than those
in which jurisdietionhas been specially granted
by the words of the Constitution itself. Does
not the Constitution expressly declare that all
powers not therein granted to the Federal Gov-
ernment are reserved to the Slates respectively
and to the people? The States were intended
to be equals. But this bill provides for a de-
graded, manacled, and subservient State. Is
this a restoration of the Union made by our
fathers.
Is this the Union which this Republican
Congress promised to restore when they sum-
moned the nation to arms for the suppression
of the rebellion? Did Congress not then pro-
claim, and was it not the rallying cry of the
northern hosts and the hope of ail patriots,
tlmt the Union should be restored with all the
dignity, equality, and rights of the several
States unimpaired? If such conditions ot'
inferiority as are prescribed by the pending
bill can be imposed by Congress upon a Stale
in one particular where is the -limit to the
absolute power of Congress to impose eveiy
other? But why should we be surprised ? Is
not one third of the nation in chains, and has
not this same Congress abolished the govern-
ment of the people in ten States?
I am apprehensive that this Congress has at
last reached that point when it is in the condi-
tion of the hardened sinner who fears neither
God nor the devil! I do not say, however, that
here there is no fear of man, for even.he who
is encompassed by the blackness of total de-
pravity fears his fellow-men. He startles at
the summons of the executioner. And for this
nation there is but, one way of salvation open.
Abstract principles of law, justice, and moral-
ity are of little avail, and against the inex-
orable tyranny of party discipline it has been
our sad experience to see the judgments and
consciences of the more moderate men of the
dominant party oppose but a feeble resistance.
It is the people only who can arrest the usurp-
ations which threaten to overwhelm and sub-
vert the institutions of our country. And when
we of the minority, who are so powerless in
this Hall, are permitted to speak, we have no
other resort than to appeal as best we can to
that mighty audience outside the walls of this
Capitol who can, if they will, still save the
Republic.
But if they will stand carelessly by and see
one after another of the pillars of constitutional
law torn from its foundations it is only a ques-
tion of time, and of a very brief time, I fear,
when the temple itself will fall to the ground,
and in one common political ruin involve us all.
It is the voice of the people alone which
Congress will heed; and unless it speaks in
tones of thunder Congress will disobey even
that. I am not over confident that it will make
itself heeded in time. I know not how much
longer this nation is to be distracted by usurp-
ations and revolutions. But this I do know,
that if the people of one little State had voted
last week as if they were conscious of the great
perils which encompass them there would have
come an echo from the granite hills of New
Hampshire which would have checked for a
time the insolence of party power in this place,
