1868.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
m
40xii Ooxg....2d Sbss.
I'oliiical—Mr. Broomall.
Ho. of Reps.
better for the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] to leave the abuse of this faithful offi-
cer to the malignant traitors of Callaway county
whose efforts to trample our laws under foot he
has done so much to defeat.
The contestant has alluded to his indorse-
ment by General Dodge. General Dodge in-
dorses the contestant's estimate of the number
of Union men in Callaway county, and has
stated to me over and over again in this House
that there were not two hundred loyal men in
the county of Callaway, and there is no man
who ever commanded that department who
will not justify that declaration, a declaration
made by the contestant himself.
Now, as to the charges of disloyalty pre-
ferred by my colleague [Mr. Ben'Jamix] against
the contestant, as also the like charge made by
the contestant against myself. The contest-
ant, in order to defend himself against the
charge of disloyalty preferred against him by
a member of this House, turns about and says
that if he has a bad record I have one equally
bad.
" Let the galled jade wince, our withers are an-
wrung."
William F. Switzler, in 1861, published these
articles sent up to the Clerk's desk aud read,
and he dare not deny them. In 1860, 1861,
1862 1 was a pro-slavery man. 1 did not agree
with Mr. Lincoln when he issued his emanci-
pation proclamation, but I did not intend to
separate myself from the Union men of the
county. I accepted that proclamation in good
faith. I was the owner of some slave prop-
erty, and the moment I accepted that procla-
mation I emancipated every slave I owned, and
I did not reserve them for the purpose of pre-
senting a claim for them. Sir, 1 state upon
the floor of the House of Representatives that
1 was the first man in North Missouii that
saised an armed organization against the re-
bellion. I was the first man to whom arms
were furnished for the purpose of suppressing
traitors. 1 had them in tliesurvieewhenthegeu-
tleman was writing articles against the country,
aud glorying over the death of its gallant offi-
cers. Yes, sir, while I was raising and arming
men to put down the rebellion the contestant
was writing ail article for his paper glorifying
the rebel Jackson for shooting down the gal-
lant Ellsworth—gloating over the fact that a
traitor's hand had been bathed in the blood of
a brave Union officer. This is the man who
tells this House that he has always followed the
brave old flag.
The gentleman has not pretended to contro-
vert the charges that have been made here by
my colleague on this floor, who, as a Repre-
sentative in this body, has a right to prefer
these charges. And the gentleman need not
tell the House, after the extraordinary exhibi-
tion he has made, that he was unprepared for
this charge. The charge of disloyalty was
made in the committee-room, and he has been
so careful, in order to get an indorsement here
and there, by somebody who was loyal to the
Government, that he has procured a letter
written by a Wisconsin soldier to a member of
Congress, to show that he gave the soldier
something to eat when he was siek.
Replying to the charge of the gentleman
that i have not been loyal to the Government,
I will say, that from the beginning to the close
of the late war I have had the unlimited con-
fidence of the Union men of my State, espe-
cially of my district, senatorial and congres-
sional. In 1S62 X was indorsed by the people
of my senatorial district as a Union emanci-
pation candidate. In 1864 I was elected to
Congress. In 1806 I was reelected, and no-
body knows it better than the gentleman him-
self, because he is just as well aware of the
frauds perpetrated in the county of Callaway
as any man can possibly be.
I do not plead in this case for myself. What
I have to say is in support of those laws which
have been the sheet-anchor of the loyal men
of Missouri. We have passed through some
terrific struggles in that State. We have had
some bold, bad -men to deal with. And to-day
one of the boldest men in that State is upon
the Democratic presidential ticket a candidate
for the Vice Presidency. At the last election
he went through my State denouncing the laws
and telling the people to put their foot upon
them, and to vote anyhow. He is now ele-
vated to the dignity of Democratic nominee for
Vice President aud has written a letter pledg-
ing himself to wipe out the reconstruction laws
of Congress.
Under the lead of that man there will be a
desperate struggle in Missouri, aud these men
will again attempt to override and trample
under foot the laws of my State. I say to this
Congress, be careful how you add fuel to this
flame. Be careful how you uphold, support,
and sustain the rebel element in Missouri in
this infraction and violation of our laws. The
Union men of that State have had their trials
and difficulties; butthauk God, we have passed
through them safely, and hope to do so again.
But let it not be said that an American Con-
gress, composed three fourths of Republicans,
have indorsed the infamous violation of laws
on the part of the rebels and traitors of Calla-
way county. Let me not go back to my people
and say to the Union men there, "You have
been stabbed in the house of your friends." I
do notwantto do it. I do not want a Congress
of Republicans to give their indorsement upon
a system which says to every traitor in Mis-
souri, "You can violate our constitution and
laws, and if you once can get yourself regis-
tered, if you can swear that you are sound you
can get through perfectly safe as far as the
American Congress is concerned.7'
Mr. Speaker, I have detained the House as
long as 1 desired, and I am now willing to
leave the question to its decision.
Political.
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. BROOMALL,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
Is the House of Representatives,
July 10, 186S.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union—
Mr. BROOMALL said:
Mr. Chairman : Four years ago the political
party which has just fixed upon its candidates
and laid down its principles at New York
entered the contest for the Presidency by de-
claring the war in which we were then engaged
a wrong and a failure, and with singular incon-
sistency placed at the head of its ticket a man
who had gained all the celebrity he had in the
prosecution of that war. It was not without
good cause that the people refused to trust
such a candidate accepting nomination by such
a party upon such a platform. The men who had
fought upon a hundred battle-fields could not
consent that their well-earned tame had been
won in an uuholy or a failing cause, and it was
not to be expected that they would aecept as a
civil leader one even of their own number who
would denounce his own deeds. Few voters
at that election had not some one who had
given his life for his country upon some battle-
field to be remembered at the same time with
pride and sorrow, a son, a brother, a triend ;
and it was too much to ask of the voters to
admit through the ballot-box that that some
one died in an unholy cause, died in the act
of murder, a felon and^ not a patriot. The
result of that election justified the war and
hallowed the graves of the dead.
A few months settled the question of suc-
cess, though the same denunciation of the
cause of the country, and the same prophecy of
failure in which ■' the wish was father to the
thought.'' continued and Mended themselves
with the very shouts of victory. But the fact
of success had at last to be admitted. The
rebels had laid down their arms. There was
no enemy in the field. It was then due to the
country that these gentlemen should at least
confess their error; that; having blundered so
fearfully upon the question of success, they
should now admit the justice of the cause in
which so many lives were sacrificed and so
much treasure expended. But they have not
the grace to do this. True to their old instincts
of love for the enemies of the country, ever
since the surrender they have espoused the
cause of the vanquished and have conspired
with them to gain by political management
what was lost in the field. They were not'
satisfied with the terms granted by the victors,
though those terms were more lenient than
were ever before extended to a fallen foe in
any country since the dawn of history. A
stranger to the events of the last eight years,
listening to a Democratic speech here or else-
where, would suppose all the justice, as well as
all the valor had been upon the side of the
lost cause.
_ Y'et these people, with all their predilec-
tions in favor of the enemy, are asking that
the Government of the country should be in-
trusted to them. Was ever effrontery more
glaring? What possible claim have they to
public confidence? in 1860, when the desti-
nies of the Republic were in their hands, they
professed to know no legal means to sustain
the Government against an internal enemy.
Their President thought that though it might
be treason to couspiie to overthrow the Gov-
ernment yet it was equally treason to prevent
the-overthrow by force. His very Cabinet,
while drawing their salaries from the public
Treasury, plotted to dismember the country.
Their Vice President and their candidate for
the succession exercised his high office in the
interests of the enemy, and left it to head their
armies. With some honorable exceptions every
Democratic otiicer of Hie Government, joined
the ranks of the rebels after doing all the
damage to the country he could and dared
while in power. And yet this party, without
denouncing the crimes of its leaders in 1860,
asks again to be intrusted with the destinies of
the country > It is difficult to decide whether
more to admire or to condemn the impudence
of such a demand.
We sometimes speak of the outbreak which
has recently yielded to our victorious arms as
a rebellion ot the South, a slaveholders' rebel-
lion. This is a misnomer. Impartial history
will write it down as a rebellion of the Demo-
cratic party—w ill say that this party, defeated
at au election by honest votes, refused to sub-
mit, aud appealed from the ballot-box to the
sword. Impartial history will record that
every prominent loader of the rebellion was a
Democrat; that every northern man who fa-
vored or sympathized with the rebellion was a
Democrat. Impartial history will record that
the entire Democratic organization of the coun-
try was managed in the interests of the enemy.
.Every member of Congress who remained m
that organization cast his votes during the
whole terrible struggle as if they had been
dictated by Jefferson Davis, and at every elec-
tion in the North the contest was plainly and
manifestly for or against the country.
It may be asked why the rebellion did not
succeed since the Democratic party was in the
majority prior to the outbreak ? The answer
is easy. The masses of that party in the North
refused to follow their leaders. Their patriotism
proved stronger than their party ties, and when
the life of the nation was threatened they for-
got that they were Democrats and only remem-
bered that they were American citizens. They
took arms for the defense of their country
against their party. We owe these men a debt
of gratitude which can never be forgotten. H
the masses of the Democratic party in the
North had been as faithless as their h-adoi^
