1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
553
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill No. So) to authorize the Southern
Minnesota Railroad Couipauy to construct a
bridge across the Mississippi river, between
La Crosse, in the State of \\ isconsin, and the
opposite bank of said river, in the State of
Minnesota, and to establish said bridge as a
post route, reported it with amendments.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the petition
of owners, masters, pilots, and engineers, of
steamboats at Evansville, Indiana, praying an
amendment of the steamboat inspection law,
so as to give to that port a local board of in-
spectors tor boilers and hulls, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
44) relating to the sale of the marine hospital
at Eransville, Indiana, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the petition ot William H. Murphy, praying
additional compensation for carrying the mail
on post route No. 106S6, in the State of Mis-
souri, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 253) for the relief of William H.
Murpby, of Farmington, Missouri. The. bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
national school OB mines.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to move that the
Committee on Mines and Mining be discharged
from the further consideration of Senate bill
No. 156, to establish a national school of mines,
for the purpose of enabling me to make some
explanation of that bill, and submit some
remarks upon the subject-matter; and I desire
to do so this morning if the Senate will allow
me. I believe it is a subject of great import-
ance. The amount of bullion produced has
been falling off in the last year, and I desire to
place before the Senate a view of the question
and the reasons and the remedy. It is a subject
of considerable importance in connection with
the finances, and I shall occupy but a short
time in explaining it. I will not interfere with
the morning business, but 1 desire to proceed
as soon as the morning business is through.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to introduce
some bills.
Mr. STEWART. Very well.
bills introduced.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, ieare to introduce a
bill (S. No. 254) to change the terms of the
district court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Maine; which was read twice by its
title.
Mt. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to remark,
for the benefit of my colleague and all others,
that the bill is in the handwriting of the judge
of the district court, and my colleague can
examine and see whether it is agreeable to him.
I move its reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
the treasury department.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 255) to reorganize the Treasury Depart-
ment ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I propose to move
the reference of the bill to the Committee on
Finance, and I wish to remark to that com-
mittee that I hope it will receive their early
and earnest attention. It will be recollected
that we have for several years appropriated a
considerable sum of money, to be at the dispo-
sition of the Secretary of the Treasury, for the
purpose of increasing the compensation of
some of his officers and employes. That has
been very objectionable to a great many per-
sons, and is objectionable to me, if any other
remedy can be found. I am satisfied that he
has only been able to keep a very considerable
number of his best officers in the Department,
whose services are absolutely essential, by in-
creasing thek compensation out of that fund.
That policy, however, is objectionable, and has
been substantially abandoned. It is therefore
necessary that the Department should be reor-
ganized at an early day. In view of the con-
tinuing application for an increase of twenty
per cent, ou the pay of elerks, &c., which give
us a great deal of trouble at every session, I
think something definite should be resolved
upon. I am satisfied that the compensation
ot many officers named in the bill should be
increased ; but whether or not it should be in-
creased to the amount specified in the bill,
which was drawn at the Treasury Department,
is for the committee to decide. I hope it will
receive their early attention, so that it may
become a law in some shape at this session of
Congress. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and that it be ordered to
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
consular appointments.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
the resolution which I called up yesterday
morning, with a view to its reference to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to j and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 74) in relation to consular
appointments, the pending question being on
the motion of Mr. Chandler, to refer the joint
resolution to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, when this
question was under consideration yesterday I
had the temerity to state that some of the con-
suls serving the United States in foreign coun-
tries received more than the compensation
fixed by law, or that which wag understood to
be fixed by law 
Mr. STEWART. I hope that matter will
not be taken up now. It will lead to discus-
sion, and i understood the Senate to consent
to give me the residue of the morning hour
after the morning business was disposed of.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not particular about it.
Mr. CHAN DLER. It will take but a mo-
ment to dispose of this subject. All I want is
to refer it to the committee to which it belongs.
Mr. STEWART. Thereisa dispute between
the two eommitteesin regard to this joint reso-
lution, and it will occupy the whole morning
hour.
Mr. CHANDLER. No dispute at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Iowa has the floor.
Mr. STEWART. I hope this question will
be postponed inasmuch as my motion was
pending, and I only gave way temporarily to
allow the morning business to be disposed of.
Mr. CHANDLER, (to Mr. Grimes.) How
long do you want to take ?
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know how long I
shall take. 1 simply propose to show that the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce is
not the only person who is informed as to the
consular system and as to the compensation
that is paid to consuls, and to prove the state-
ment that I made yesterday, that there is at
least one consul who is receiving compensa-
tion at the rate of from fourteen thousand to
sixteen thousand dollars a year.
Mr. S U MN ER. I should like to know who
he is and how he receives it?
Mr. GRIMES. He is the consul at Man-
chester, in England, and he receives his pay in
this way: he has an outlying dependency at
Tunstall, where he has stationed a consular
agent by the name of Lewellyn, who received
during the twelve calendar months ending
June 30, 1867; the sum of $11,030, of which
no part went into the Treasury. In addition
to that, I understand this consul is in the habit
of receiving eleven shillings sterling on each
certificate of invoice, which is sixteen cents in
excess of the legal charge; that he employs
there an attorney as his agent who does the
work at fifty cents each invoice, giving the
consul $2 60 each, over nine thousand dollars
in addition.
Mr. SUMNER. What is his name ?
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will see by a
reference to the list of consuls.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not the list with me.
Mr. GRIMES. I might give other instances.
Mr. SUMNER. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator whether all that was not previous to the
act of July 25, 1866?
Mr. GRIMES. 1 have already stated that
it wa3 for the twelve calendar months ending
June 30, 1867.
I understand that the way the thing is ar-
ranged by these consuls is that specified by the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] yester-
day ; that they have a kind of outlying agency
through whcrai a large portion of their busi-
ness is done ; and that these agents, not being
included either in the schedule B or C. men-
tioned in the last section but one of the act
of July 25, 1866, receive these fees, and they
are paid into the pockets of the consuls who
appoint these agents.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator is aware
that the statute provides—
" That all fees collected by any consul or commer-
cial agent not mentioned in schedule B or C, or by
any vice consul or commercial agent appointed to
perform their duties, or by any other person in their
behalf, shall bo accounted for to the Secretary of the
Treasury."
"Any other person in their behalf." How,
then, can they have an agent who can make
these large gains without paying them over
into the Treasury? It cannot be done with-
out a violation of law.
Mr. GRIMES. It is not my business to
explain how tbey succeed in evading the law.
It is only a question of fact. I stated yester-
day that the purpose of the joint resolution that
was tinder consideration was simply to author-
ize the President, if he saw fit—not imperative
upon him at all, but if he saw fit—to select
any retired officers whom he thought were com-
Eetent to perform this duty ; that they might
e appointed to these consulships, receiving
no larger compensation than they are receiv-
ing now. In response to that I was told that
this bill would allow rear admirals, who would
receive a compensation of $4,000, to be ap-
pointed as consuls, which would be a detriment
to the Treasury of the United States. I re-
joined to that that some of these consuls were
now receiving much larger compensation than
a rear admiral would receive, even admitting
that an officer of that rank should be sent
abroad as 9. consul; to which it was replied
that no consul of the United States at this time
was receiving anywhere over $5,000. I hap-
pened to know from interviews that I have had
with Treasury officers that that was a mistake;
and as the issue was fairly made here on that
question I felt it incumbent upon me either to
retract what I stated yesterday or else to pro-
duce some evidence in verification of it.
Now, sir, I feel no special interest in this
joint resolution. I am content that the Sen-
ate should dispose of it just as it chooses ; but
I enter my protest against the idea that because
the Committee on Naval Affairs introduce a
resolution that relates solely to the personnel
of officers of the Navy, simply authorizing the
President to selett one of them if he chooses,
but if he does so choose the officer shall not
lose his commission—that is all there is in it—
that the Committee on Commerce shall arro-
gate to itself the exclusive jurisdiction of the
matter.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
will state that the Committee on Retrenchment
have this whole subject of the foreign service
under consideration, and perhaps they may
be able to settle this controversy. I therefore
move, if it is in order, that this joint resolu-
tion be referred to that committee. They are
now preparing a bill, which will be ready to be
presented to the Senate in a few days, that will
cover the whole ground.
Mr. GRIMES. I am perfectly content that
it should be referred to that committee. I have
no objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Iowa
has made a statement here of which I know
nothing. I know that the law prohibits any con-
