1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8885
be one span of at least five hundred feet clear
between piers. The corporation may execute
a mortgage and issue bonds payable, principal
and interest, in gold ; and their bridge across
the Mississippi river and approaches thereto,
when constructed, is to be a post road to carry
the mails of the United States, and enjoy the
rights and privileges of other post roads. The
corporation may hold their meetings in either
the State of Illinois or the State of Missouri,
as the board of directors may elect, and the
directors may be citizens of any of the United
States; and the corporation may sue and be
sued in any circuit court of the United States.
Nothing in the act or in any previous legisla-
tion affecting the premises is to be so construed
as to deprive the Legislatures of the States
of Illinois and Missouri of the right to regu-
late the tolls and fares which may be charged
by the company for the use of the bridge ; but
the tolls now fixed by the Legislatures of
Illinois and Missouri shall not be increased.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know from what
committee the bill now before us has proceeded,
but 1 observe, from the reading of the bill, that
it assumes to recognize two State corporations
as constituting but one, for the purpose of
erecting this bridge across the Mississippi
river; and the bill goes further: it assumes to
limit and regulate the powers and faculties of
that corporation by providing that the bridge
shall be built in a particular manner, and with
a certain span. 1 wish to inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri whether the
State corporation, or corporations, having this
bridge in charge will be bound to follow out
the provisions of the bill which we now have
under consideration. If those provisions alter
the charter of ihe company granted by the
State, may it not turn out that these companies
will refuse to comply with the provisions of
the act, to build the bridge in the manner pre-
scribe I by it: and if they should so refuse, I
inquire of the honorable Senator from Missouri
what remedy the United States will have ?
Have Congress a right to alter and amend char-
ters granted by the States? That is the ques-
tion to which I desire an answer.
Mr. HARLAN. I believe there can be no
doubt but that Congress could prohibit, the con-
struction of any bridge across the Mississippi
river under existing laws. This bill provides
that the bridge maybe built as provided for bj'
the laws of lllinoisnnd Missouri, with the con-
dition that one of the spans shall be five hun-
dred feet in length, and the company agree to
put in a span of that length. There is no eon-
lliet, therefore, between the company as now
organized and the Government either of the
United Suites or of Missouri or Illinois.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose they should fail
to comply with that provision?
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose if they decline to
build the bridge no damage will be done except
to those who expect to use it; certainly^ no
detriment to the Government of the United
States only so far as they would be deprived of
the use of the bridge for a post road.
Mr. HENDERSON. The bill under con-
sideration provides simply for a change, as I
understand it, in the construction of this bridge
from the requirement of the act of July 2G,
1866, which the Senator from Michigan will
remember required bridges to be built in a cer-
tain style. This bill requires a wider span, a
span of five hundred feet. Some say that the
bridge cannot be built with that span. The
engineers at St. Louis say that it can be built.
The State charters did not require any particu-
lar width of span, and, as stated by the Sena-
tor from Iowa, there is no conflict between this
bill and the State charters. The State char-
ters authorize the construction of a bridge in
such a manner as not to obstruct navigation at
the city of St. Louis. The Senator from Mich-
igan will remember that in 1S66 there was a
general law passed upon i he subject of bridging
tiie Mississippi river. 1 resisted the passage
of that bill, but 1 was overpowered; the Senate
passed it., and it. has become a law.^
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator will recollect
40th Coxa. 2r> Sesp --No, 250.
that there was a special bill passed authorizing
the bridging of the Mississippi river at St.
Louis, or a special provision in that general
bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am very well aware
of that.
Mr. RAMSEY. This is amendatory of that.
Mr. IIAIILAN. I understand that two com-
panies were organized to construct a bridge in
pursuance of that law, one under the authority
of Missouri and another unier a charter granted
by the Legislature of Illinois. These twocam-
panies were for a time in conflict; that is, they
were contending each for the right to construct
the bridge; but ultimately they have consoli-
dated under the law of the State of Missouri
authorizing them to do so. A certified copy
of that act was before the committee, and also
a certified copy of the articles of consolidation,
so that it appeared to the committee that there
was a perfect agreement now that these two
companies would consolidate and construct, the
bridge after the pattern'ineutioned in this bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand the Senator
from Missouri to say that there is not laid down
in the charter any particular mode or manner
in which this bridge shall be built, except that
it shall not be so built as to obstruct naviga-
tion. Now, suppose the State corporation
should refuse to make the bridge according to
the requirement of this act, what would be the
result? Is there any remedy which the Uni-
ted States could resort to 1 They are author-
ized to construct a bridge across the river so
as not to obstruct navigation. I am not sure
by any means that the States have not the right
to authorize the construction of a bridge across
the Mississippi river, and I am by no means
sure that it is in the power of Congress to say
that they shall not do it. It is on this point
that I wish a little light from the Senator from
Missouri. If the State corporation refuses to
do what we prescribe, is there any remedy for
the United States ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know that
the United States could compel the construc-
tion of a bridge at St. Louis. That is not the
purpose of this bill; it is merely to declare
the mode of constructing by State corpora-
tions, a consolidation of which has now taken
place, a bridge which shall be a post road. I
believe it has been customary to pass such bills
here in Congress.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand that very
well; but there is a corporation authorized to
construct a bridge in its own way across the
Mississippi river, and we undertake to dictate
to that corporation as to the manner in which
the bridge shall be constructed. Suppose the
corporation refuses to construct it in that man-
ner, and contends for making it in a different
style ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not understand
that this bill dictates to the corporation in what
manner they shall construct the bridge. It
docs require them to construct it of a certain
span, and the company desire to construct the
bridge in that way. Senators may rest assured
there will be no difficulty, so far as the com-
pany is concerned, about their building the
bridge. They intend to proceed and construct
it. and their plans have been adopted in strict
accordance with the principles laid down in
this bill.
Mr. H0Wx\RD. Suppose they should wish
to depart from them?
Mr. HENDERSON. Then it might, per-
haps, defeat the construction of the bridge ;
that is all; but the bridge, I apprehend, will
be built, as the bridge company itself is will-
ing to build under this restriction ; that is, with
span of five hundred feet, a greater span than
has been required of any bridge over any nav-
igable waters of the United States at the pres-
ent time. Surely the Senator from Michigan
should not object. The company are willing
to take upon themselves this restriction and
build a bridge wide enough.in the span to admit
the largest steamers and the largest rafts that
float upon the Mississippi river, and high enough
to allow even the largest New Orleans steamers
to go beneath it. Of course the Senator ought
not to object. I understand the consolidated
company is now anxious and desirous to pro-
| ceed to the construction of the bridge, subject
: to these restrictions.
| Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Mis-
j souri entirely misunderstands me if he sup-
j poses that I am objecting to the bill. I merely .
put an inquiry to the Senator involving a ques-
tion of law asto the rights of the United States.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is a very nice question
of law, and really I am not prepared to discuss it
this morning. I have not examined the question
as to the authority of a State Legislature to
authorize the construction of a bridge over a
navigable stream of the United States. I refer
the Senator, however, to various decisions on
that subject, the Wheeling cases and other very
interesting cases decided by the Supreme Court
of the United States, where he can "find perhaps
much more law than I should be able to give
him in the short compass of an hour this morn-
ing. I hope he will withdraw his objection
and let the bill pass.
Mr. MORTON. I had supposed that there
wasnodoubt that the Governmentoft.he United
States bad a right to prevent the building of a
bridge over any navigable water, which would
obstruct navigation, and I had supposed there
was no doubt about the power of the Govern-
ment to pull down any bridge that, had been
built under State authority which did obstruct
navigation.
Mr. POMEROY. I am very anxious that
this bill should pass, because it is an experi-
ment in bridge building. 'I his is to be a badge
without a draw, with a span of five hundred
feet, and eighty or ninety feet above low water.
There is no sueii bridge built anywhere in the
United States. An engineer states that he can
build this bridge and I want it tried. It is so
high as to be out of the reach of human sym-
pathy ; but if he builds it so that it can stand I
shall be gratified. I confess I have my doubts
about the whole project, but these companies
are willing to try it, aud I want to see it done
if possible.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise only to say a word
or two about this bill. To me it is one of the
strangest bills that has been presented to Con-
gress since I have beeu in it. It proposes to
take two corporations, organized under the
laws of different States, for the purpose of
building a bridge across the Mississippi liver;
and by this act to recognize aud declare them
to be a corporation by a given name. In other
words, it organizes two corporations, chartered
under separate States, into one corporation
under an act of Congress. The language is
specific. I beg to read it :
That the company formed bv this consolidation,
under the name and style of the Illinois and St. JLouis
Bridie Comuanv. is hereby recognized, and declared
to be a corporation by that name, with full power
and authority to construct a bridge across [he Mis-
sissippi river, &c.
I| Then it imposes a limit upon the extent of
lj the span of the bridge, that is to reach, as the
j, Senator from Kansas says, out of the range
of human sympathy, and the second section
continues the purpose of the first, and says :
That the said corporation may execute a mortga^o
and issue bonds payable, prmoipot and interest, in
gold, and their bridge across the Mississippi river,
and approaches thereto, when constructed, shall be
it post road.
Now. sir, if we can pass au act of this kind,
I do not know any reason why this should not
be passed. I certainly have no objection to
the limit upon the span, and am as anxious as
any one that, the experiment shall be tried;
but by act of Congress consolidating two cor-
porations organized in several States under
the laws of those States into one, and giving
them authority to proceed to do certain acts
within each of those States, is at least a novel
proposition.
Mr. HENDERSON. The difficulty about
this matter is this: the Illinois Legislature
organized a company tinder a charter to build
a bridge at the city of St.. Louis, and the Legis-
lature of the State of Missouri passed a similar
