2962
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
June 9,
it respects a vessel as to which he got an allow-
ance, he ought also, in justice, to take it as it
respects the vessel upon which they decided
against him. If there is any value in these
investigations at all; if we are to act upon
them at all; if claims are made under them,
then most certainly, like the judgments of any
other tribunal, they ought to stand as an en-
tirety, and a party that is beaten before the
board as to one vessel should not be permitted
to co ne in and take his money for another that
he is allowed for, and then be permitted to go
to some other court and try the question over
again in respect to which he was beaten. It
seems to me it upsets all our notions of the
method of administering justice to permit
claimants to take the benefit of the judgment
of a Couit so far as it is 111 their favor, and to
permit them to go 011 and try the question over
again by a new trial so far as the judgment
happens to be against them. Therefore I am
in favor of the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This board has allowed
to five contractors upon certain vessels small
sums amounting to about two hundred thou-
sand dollars. Other contractors have not been
allowed by the board anything. Now, I am
not#willing for the benefit of the contractors
who have been allowed some money, to say
that Congress shall never provide for an inquiry
into the claims of these other parties, or into
the claims of the same parties in respect to
vessels not allowed upon in this award. There
is no occasion for it; there is no necessity for
Congress saying in advance, " We will not
hear these parties who are dissatisfied with the
award." If Congress chooses to examine that
award and comes to the conclusion that some
men's claims have been disallowed which ought
to be allowed, why not say that they shall have
relief? I know that that will be the judgment
of Congress when it comes to be considered.
I know that cases will be presented to Con-
gress that will be heard. I am satisfied, after
the investigation of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, that this allowance is not what it ought
to have been. I believe the Department has
been against these people, and that they have
hdd 110 relief such as they ought to have had.
I am in favor of giving them some relief, and
yet in respect to the vessels where an allow-
ance has been jyaade I am willing to say that
110 further allowance shall ever be made ; that
the receipt of the money upon those vessels
shall be conclusive upon the parties.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How do you distinguish
in principle between the one case and the
other?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I distinguish because
upon some vessels an allowance lias been made
and upon some vessels no allowance has been
made, and if Congress concludes to relieve in
regard to those other vessels, there is 110 occa-
sion for saying we will not give relief.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why would not the same
principle apply to the vessels in respect to
which the claimants think the board have not
allowed enough ? Suppose the claimant claims
S200,000 and the board have only allowed him
S100.000, upon the principle of my friend from
Indiana, why is it just to adopt his amendment
saying that although the man has got only one
half what he is entitled to he shall never bo
permitted to apply for any more?
Mr. HENDRICKS. If this bill passes, the
parties who have not been allowed anything
cannot get anything unless Congress chooses
to give it. It will depend upon future affirm-
ative legislation for their relief. When the
Committee on Naval Affairs, having investi-
gated, say to Congress that there ought to be
f'uitlier relief, why should Congress, in the
face of such a repoit, say in advance, " We will
tie our hands up and give no further relief?''
Is 110 respect to bo paid to the report of a com-
mittee? is it to be picsumed that the commit-
tee have made a defective investigation alto-
gether, and that when the committee say we
ought not to be tied up in the future in regard
to the other vessels, wc should, notwithstand-
ing that, tie our hands ? They can get nothing
unless we affirmatively legislate in the future
for their relief, and if the Senator is right in
his position, that the award is conclusive against
them, that wiil be an argument when some
further legislation is asked.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The answer that I have
to make to the Senator from Indiana 011 the
subject of the Committee on Naval Affairs is
simply this: the law passed by both'Houses
and approved, I presume, by the President,
though I10 does not approve many laws—I
believe he approved that—provided a tribunal,
provided, as I understood when the law passed,
such a tribunal as these claimants desired to
have, to investigate all the claims that came
within the scope of the enactment that created
the tribunal, and to report upon those claims,
to hear, try, and determine them. I under-
stand that that tribunal was erected, that it
heard the claimants, their allegations, and their
proof, as other tribunals hear contested claims;
it heard evidence in opposition, heard argu-
ments of counsel, I suppose. Then it came to
its judgment and pronounced in favor of the
claimants as to some items, pronounced against
the claimants as to other items, and diminished
still other items to a smaller sum than that which
the claimants demanded. Now it is asked by
affirmative legislation to approve that judgment
of this board so far as it is in favor of the claim-
ants, and to leave it practically disapproved so
far as it happens to be against them. I under-
take to say to my friend from Indiana, who is
a great deal better lawyer than I am, that that
is altogether a new principle in the administra-
tion of justice. It does not occur between man
and man, and much less ought it to occur
between a Government and claimants, either
upon its justice or its bounty, because we all
know by experience that governments have the
worst luck of anybody ill defending against
claims.
Mr. HENDRICKS,. Will the Senator from
Vermont allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 es, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If this board has allowed
to Secor <fc Co. the losses which they sustained
and disallowed them to Miles Greenwood, and
the committee believe that Miles Greenwood
ought to have had an allowance under that law
and that the award of the board is not just to
Miles Greenwood—and that is the judgment
of the committee, as I believe—then why, if
Secot & Co. accept of the award iu their favor,
shall we by law say that Miles Greenwood shall
never be heard? It is not just.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The amendment does not
propose any such proposition as that at all.
Jlr. HENDRICKS. Yes, it does.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The amendment proposes
that as to the persons in whose favor claims
have been allowed, who have gone before the
board and have presented different claims and
! have had some of their items allowed and others
' disallowed, as io the persons who are the bene-
1 ficiaries in this bill, they shall adopt it as a
: totality ; that they shall not set up in their favor
I one halt'of the judgment of this board and still
I leave open to further contest alUhat part of it
which happened to be against them, it does
1 not touch the case of Miles Greenwood, if there
. is such a man—I, of course, know nothingabout
; him—as my friend from Indiana seems to sup-
; pose. It is only the persons to whom we are
I by this bill making these appropriations that
| the amendment applies, because it says the
' persons who have claims allowed to them and
; have presented other claims which in the sa'me
I course ol adjudication have been disallowed,
j shall stand by the judgment. I do not by any
! means undertake to argue that it would not be
1 just that every person who has gone before that
| board should be bound by it, but inasmuch as
| it happens that persons to whom nothing was
; allowed are not in this bill, theieis nocouveii-
i lent way of providing that they shall be bound,
j Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
i me to a-k him one further question?
j. Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
I Mr. HENDRICKS. I understood him to
take the ground that the award ought to stand
entire if any allowance be made upon it. I
understand that now he modifies his argu-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No. I do not modify if,
Mr. HENDRICKS. Suppose the Seeors
are allowed upon one vessel and not allowed
upon another, and they ought to have some-
thing upon that other, why, in confirming the
award of the board upon certain vessels, shall
we say that in the future we will never legis-
late for their relief in regard to the others?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We should say it upon
exactly this principle, that there must be an
end to litigation, lou must reach a tribunal
at last, somewhere, where you are to say there
has been investigation enough. These claims
have been before Congress year after year in
one form or another, and finally Congress
acted and its action took the form of taking
the subject away from the committees of Con-
gress, who were supposed either to be too harsh
or too kind, and putting it into the hands of
an impartial, intelligent, and skillful tribunal,
against the purity of whose conduct in these
respects no man has jet raised his voice.
Now, I say as a principle thatought to govern
our action as it governs the action of all men
in society where justice is administered, (and
this is nothingbut administering justice accord-
ing to a rule.) I say as a principle that is funda-
mental and one without which society cannot
go 011, that when a man has had his case fairly
tried and is beaten, ho ought to stay beaten.
It may be, to be sure, that he might get a
second jury who would find in his favor for
some cause or other ; but then the other party
would say, "Open it for me: let us have a
third jury, who may reverse the verdict of the
second and find as the first did.Would my
friend from Indiana get up and say, if his com-
mittee should report in favor of additional
compensation to these parties, that there might
justly be a bill introduced into the next Con-
gress to reverse all that and try it over again?
No ; he would say, as he does in Indiana,
where he practices law, that there must be
an end to these contests, and that when you
have once established a tribunal and submitted
your case to its fair determination, you must
abide by the result, upon the principle that it
is as likely that that tribunal decided rightly
as it is that any future one would decide rightly.
The principle of the amendment, that my
friend from Indiana offers is the very principle
of the amendment that the Senator from "Wis-
consin otters. His principle is. that if as to
one vessel this board has only allowed one
half of what the claimants demanded, and one
half of what they might satisfy him they had a
right to demand, they shall, nevertheless, be
bound. Why is that? Is it not just as great
a loss to them as if it had happened to be a
disallowance on some other vessel? Of course
1 it is. It is upon a principle that my friend per-
| fectly well understands, and is Milling to act
; upon, that you must take the judgment ufthis
; impartial board over the whole of the subjects
i 011 which they were called to pass. Now, he
! wishes to split that principle right in two, up
! the middle, and make a kind of compromise
; with it. by declaring that a? to the speeiiie
j vessel in respect to which an allowance is made
! the party shall be bound : but as to another
; vessel that stood right by the side of that, the
I very next item in the claim, as to which the
j board decided that there was nothing due, that
i shall all be open again. My friend cannot dis-
] tinguish in principle between the two auiend-
; merits. The one that the Senator from Wie-
j1 consin otters only carries out the principle of
! the amendment of the Senator from Indiana to
its full and fair extent.
Mr. MORION. Mr. President. I have heart!
i something before this of ihe claim of Miles
■ Greenwood. I know him 
Mr. TRUMBULL." I rise to a question of
[1 order. The twenty minutes, which it was the
j| understanding of the Senate were to be devoted
li to this bill, have expired, and it is manifest it
