3986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
act, but organized into a corporation different
individuals. A conflict of right and of juris-
diction over the river occurred between these
two companies, each claiming the sole and
exclusive right to construct a bridge at St.
Louis, and claiming the right by virtue of the
respective charters of the different States.
They enjoined each other from proceeding,
each company claiming, as the Senator from
Michigan now claims, that the Legislature of a
State interested has a perfect right to proceed
to authorize the construction of a bridge across
the navigable waters of the United States.
The Senate will observe that these two com-
panies are now organized into ono. They have
so organized themselves, so far as they possibly
can, by articles of agreement into one com-
pany, thereby doing away with the difficulty
that occurred from this claim of right of each
State.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to the
bill except to call attention to its peculiarity.
I should not object to a bill, and I should think
it entirely right, giving the consent of the
United States to the consolidated corporation
doing certain things, namely, building a
bridge.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is all the bill
does.
Mr. CONNESS. No ; the bill goes further.
It organizes these companies into a corpora-
tion under a national statute, and authorizes
thein to issue bonds, declaring the manner in
which they shall be made payable, and that, I
submit, is going further than we have ever
gone.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Califor-
nia is evidently in error in that, respect. Con-
gress has recognized a railroad company under
the laws of California, and authorizes that
railroad company to do certain things, among
others to issue bonds, the principal payable in
thirty years, and the interest payable in gold
at a certain rate ; and the same law authorized
certain companies incorporated in Kansas and
certain companies in California to consolidate
and proceed to do certain work as consoli-
dated companies, or as one company consoli-
dated under that provision.
Mr. HENDERSON. All that will be found
in the Pacific railroad charter.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
NAVY AND MARINE COUPS.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate take
up for consideration House bill No. 941.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. R. No. 941) to amend
certain acts in relation to the Navy and Marine
corps.
The bill provides that from and after its
passage the Marine corps shall consist of the
number of officers, non-commissioned officers,
and musicians authorized by the act for the
increase of the Marine corps of the United
States, approved March 2, 1847, and the acts
previous thereto, and of fifteen hundred pri-
vates ; but the commissions of officers now in
the Marine corps are not to be vacated by this
act, and no appointment is to be made in any
oft the grades of the said corps until the num-
ber in the corps is reduced below the number
herein provided for each of the grades.
No appointment of engineers is to be made
in either of th.e grades of the corps until the
number is reduced below that provided in the
first section of the act to regulate the appoint-
ment and pay of engineers m the Navy of the
United States, approved August 31, 1842,
and the number so authorized is to be based
upon the number of steamships now in com-
mission, and the grade of third assistant engi-
neer is abolished.
The third section proposes to repeal the
second section of an act entitled "An act to
increase the pay of midshipmen and others,"
approved March 3,1865, and the ninth section
of an act entitled "An act to amend certain
acts in relation to the Navy," approved March
2, 1867 ; but the repeal of the section is not to
be construed to increase the pay now allowed by
law to officers promoted in accordance with
its provisions.
The fourth section repeals all acts and
parts of acts authorizing the appointing of
temporary acting officers in the Navy.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported
the bill with various amendments. The first
amendment was to strike out the first section
of the bill after the enacting clause in the fol-
lowing words:
That from and after tho passage of this act tho
Marine corps shall consist of the number of officers,
lion-eommissioned officers and musicians authorized
by the act for the increase of the Marine corps of
the United States, approved March 2,1847. ana the
acts previous thereto, and of fifteen hundred pri-
vates; and all acts and parts of acts inconsistent
herewith are heroby rep&aled: Provided, That the
commissions of officers now in the Marino corps shall
not be vacated by this act, but no appointment shall
be made in any of the grades of said corps until the
number in said corps isl-oduced below the number
herein provided for each of said grades.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it
would be well to have the Senator from Mis-
souri explain this bill and state how much it
increases the pay of any officers of the Marine
corps or of the Navy.
Mr. DRAKE. That explanation would come
up in proper connection with an amendment
proposed by the committee. If, however, the
honorable Senator from Vermont desires to
have that explanation made before we come
to that amendment, I will make it now. There
are several amendments of small character
that can be acted upon at once. I will explain
the point referred to when we come to the
amendment which involves it.
The next amendment was in section two, to-
strike out tho enacting clause ; in line three to
insert the words " first three" before the word
"grades;" in line four to strike out the word
"provided" and to insert "authorized;" in
line eight, after the word "steamships," to
insert "of war:'' in lines nine and ten to
strike out the words, " and the grade of third
assistant engineer is hereby abolished," atid
to insert, " and no appointment of third assist-
ant engineer shall hereafter be made;" so as to
make the section read :
That no appointment of engineers shall be madein
either of the tirst three grades of said corps until the
number is reduced below that authorized in the first
section of tho act to regulate the appointment and
pay of engineers in the Navy of the United States,
approved August 31,1842, and the number so author-
ized shall be based upon the number of steamships
of war now in commission. And no appointment of
third assistant engineer shall hereafter be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
now made section two, lines four, five, and six,
to strike out the words, "and the ninth sec-
tion ofati act entitled 'An act to amend cer-
tain acts in relation to the Navy,' approved
March 2, 1867, are," and to insert the word
"is;" and in line nine, after the word "re-
pealed," to strike out the following proviso:
Provided, Tho repeal of said section shall not bo
constiued to increase the pay now allowed by law to
officers promoted in accordance with its provisions.
So that the section will read:
That the second section of act entitled " An act to
increase the pay ofmidshipuier. ''approved
March 3,1865, is hereby repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of Saturday, being the funding bill, is now
before the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. As this is a bill of very great
public importance, reducing the expenses of
the Navy more than half a million dollars a
year, and conforming its official personnel to
the reduction of the number of seamen in the
Navy which Congress has already made at this
session, I ask the honorable Senator from Ohio
in charge of the funding bill to allow us to go
through with the amendments which the com-
mittee have reported, which will probably take
but a few minutes, and let the bill be sent back
to the House for concurrence. I would not
ask this for any private 'measure, orany meas-
ure of individual interest; bnt this is a bill of
great public importance, and it is very desir-
able to get it through, and I think it will take
but. a little while to do it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business can be laid aside informally, if
there no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I happen to know that
that bill will probably excite some comment
and create some delay. It is a bill of much
greater importance than I supposed when the
Senator spoke to me about it a little while
ago. I desire to get through with the funding
bill to-day if possible, so as to get it out of the
road. Senators all around me are impatient.
They say it stands in the way of other busi-
ness; and I hope, therefore, we shall proceed
with the regular order. I have no doubt I
shall vote for the Senator's bill when it comes
up again.
RIGHTS OF CITIZENS ABROAD.
Mr. CONNESS. With the leave of both
Senators I desire to snbmit a motion to trans-
fer the special order appointed for to-day to
another day, which will be removing one of
the obstacles. I move to make the special
order for to-day at one o'clock, the bill for the
protection of American citizens abroad, the
order of the day for Thursday next at one
o'clock, by agreement with the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, giving
notice that we shall expect it to be considered
on that day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question on that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of Saturday, the funding bill, is
now before the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I will say to the Senator
from Ohio that if this bill of mine should lead
to debate, I would, of course, give way at
once ; but if it should not lead to debate, we
could get. through with it in a few minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can say to the Senator
that I am requested by other Senators to state
that the bill will lead to discussion. They
wish time to look into it. It is a very import-
ant bill, which is called up now for the first
time. No doubt the Senator having called it
up now and called the attention of the Senate
to it will get the advantage of that when he
calls it up again.
ENROLLED BTLIS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson. its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions ;
and they were thereupon signed by the Pres-
ident pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 076) granting a pension to
Thomas Connolly;
* A bill (H. R. No. 938) to authorize the sale
of twenty acres of land in the military reser-
vation at Port Leavenworth. Kansas;
A bill (II. R. No. 201) declaratory of the
law in regard to officers cashiered or dismissed
from the Army by the sentence of a general
court-martial:
A bill (H. R. No. 1119) for the registration
or enrollment of certain foreign vessels ;
A joint, resolution (S. II. No. 139) excluding
from the Electoral College votes of States
lately in rebellion which shall not have been
reorganized;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 201) in rela-
tion to Rock Islaud bridge ;
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 281) author-
izing the issue of clothing to company F,
eighteenth regiment United States infantry ;
and
A bill (II. R. No. 1099) for the relief of
Wait Talcott.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 835) for the
protection of settlers on the Cherokee neutral
lands, in Kansas, was read twice by its title,
