438
APPENDIX. TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
Ho. of Reps.
Foliiical—Mr. Broomall.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
the flag of the country would never have re-
appeared upon Fort Sumter.
And yet this organization asks again to be
intrusted with the reins of Government? Has
it changed its principles since eight years ago,
when it believed the rebellion had a constitu-
tional right to succeed ? or since four years
ago, when it denounced the attempt to uphold
the Government by force as a wrong and a fail-
ure? There is nothing in the Constitution or
the doings of the recent convention in New
York indicating such change. Look for a mo-
meutatits constituent elements. Almostevery
delegate from the South was an active partici-
pant in the attempt to overthrow the Govern-
ment. ThenotoriousForrest, theinfamousmur-
dererol the Fort Pillow prisoners, was theie,
and was f6ted and flattered by hi3 obsequious
northern admirers. Wade Hampton wasthere,
Stephens, the vice president of the late " con-
federacy," was there as an outside manager.
His written sentiments were humbly received
and respectfully submitted to the appropriate
committee, to enter into the platform of the
party. Almostevery northern delegate was a
sympathizer with the rebellion during its con-
tinuance and an honest mourner for "the lost
cause." Members of Congress, who couldboast
that they never voted a man or a dollar to the
cause of the country, were there. Seymour was
there, who, as Governor of New York, thought
that a mob had as good right to invoke the
law of necessity as the Government of his coun-
try, and who, after thus stimulating resistance
to the draft, called the ruffian hordes who acted
upon his hint his friends. My colleague from
the Luzerne district, who, in 1861, thought
slavery "an institution divinely sanctioned if
not divinely ordained," was there.
These gentlemen were a fair sample of the
elements of that delectable body, and it may be
well said that there was nothing in those ele-
ments to inspire the sober, thinking people of
the United States with respect or confidence.
It was the first national convention of the reb-
els and their northern friends since the begin-
ning of the war, and the occasion was made
peculiarly jubilant. The parable of the return-
ing prodigal was somewhat changed. It. was
not the son coming home repentant, and ask-
ing only to occupy the meanest position in the
household, but claiming rights, demanding the
chief place at the family altar, and proposing
condescendingly to forgive the father.
During the war these gentlemen were de-
barred the privileges of friendly consultation
by the interference of armed forces. In 1864
the southern wing of the Democratic party
could oniy pray for the election of McClellan,
and prayers, as the result showed, were not as
efficacious in such a cause as votes might have
been. If the adherents of Jefferson Davis
could have voted in 1864, the life of Lincoln
might have been spared, and the country might
have been saved from the disgrace of being
ruled by his successor. But on the other hand
the result would have been precisely as if
Grant had surrendered to Lee at Richmond;
and that result will be brought about in 18G8,
if under the decrees of an inscrutable Piovi-
dence it were possible for the nominees of the
New York convention to succeed in the com-
ing election.
What a sublime instance of chivalric con-
descension it was in these gentlemen to admit,
as they do in their platform, that they "stand
upon the Constitution as the foundation and (
limitation of the powers of the Government j
and the guarantee of the liberties of the citi-
zen," and that they "recognize the questions
of slavery and secession as having been settled
for all time to come by the -war." It must
have gonehard with these gentlemen to achieve
that pinnacle of human virtue upon which
they could thus acknowledge that they had
been beaten. After taking this bitter pill, no
wonder they should find it salutary and neces-
sary to " demand immediate restoration of all
the States to their rights in the Union," and
" amnesty for all past political offenses."
But what does the Democratic party propose
to do in the event of their restoration to power?
We have their word, at least by implication,
that they will not reestablish the institution of
slavery. Once, according to their teaching, it
was the very bulwark of American liberty; it
was the only sacred constituent of our national
structure; the only thing which a majority of
the people, acting in a legal and constitutional
manner, dared not lay their hands upon. Now
(hey consent to its abolition. They ajlmit, at
least, apparently, that the country can survive
its downfall.
We have also their word, at least by impli-
cation, that ihey will not again resort to seces-
sion as a remedy for a lost election. Once it
was an important principle of their creed that
any State might at will withdraw from her alle-
giance to the Union. Now they admit, or seem
to admit, that the war, which in 1804 was a
failure, at least has destroyed this right, and
that now, at least, the Republic of America is
a nation, and not a mere voluntary association
of independent and sovereign States. Upon
these questions they seem to have adopted the
principles of the Republican party. This is
hopeful. After a few more beatings at the
ballot-box, if not in the field, they may become
thorough converts to the cause of human
progress.
It will not do, however, to count too confi-
dently upon their conversion. A more full
examination of their platform discloses a little
of the old spirit of their leaders in 1861.
What do they mean by saying that they "re-
gard the reconstruction acts (so called) of
Congress as usurpations, and unconstitutional,
revolutionary, and void Now, a void act of
Congress, an unconstitutional act of Congress,
is no act of Congress at all, and the statute
hooks of the nation remain precisely as if no
such act of Congress had ever been passed.
Yet, under the reconstruction acts, six Sen-
ators hold their seats at the other end of the
Capitol, and four more are ready to be sworn
in. Under these acts the Representatives from
North Carolina, Georgia, and Florida now
vote daily in this body upon important ques-
tions touching the government of the country,
and the Representatives from Louisiana and
Alabama are awaiting and will be allowed
admission withiu three days. Long before the
country will decide between the rival candi-
dates for the Presidency ten States will be reg-
ularly organized and in successful operation
under the reconstruction acts.
What does the Democracy propose to do
with these States ? If the reconstruction acts
are unconstitutional, these States are not States
at all, and their Senators and Representatives
are not Senators and Representatives, butmere
imposters. Before any remedy can be applied
these Slates will be in operation at least until
March 4, 18tiy. Their Legislatures will have
enacted laws affecting for good or ill the lives
and property of their citizens. rl heir courts
will have adjudicated causes, perhaps will have
condemned and executed criminals. Upon
the Democratic hypothesis all these things
will be null and void, and every State judge
who sentences a murderer to death, every
sheriff who hangs him, will be himself a mur-
derer. Besides this, every act, of Congress
passed by the votes of these Senators and Rep-
resentatives will be null and void, and what is
and what is not United States law will puzzle
the shrewdest lawyer in Christendom.
Now, what does the Democracy propose to
do ? They have solemnly adopted a theory
which leads unavoidably to these monstrous
results which unsettles questions of life and
property for millions of human beings. \\ hat
do they propose to do ? To say nothing about
the evils which will have been inflicted long
before they can possibly come into power,
what do they propose to do for the future?
Let these void States stand ? Let these impos-
tors, these false Senators and Representatives
occupy the halls of legislation, affecting the
interest of the entire country for good or ill by
their votes ? This would be too inconsisten t for
even the Democratic party. But what would
they do? Repeal the reconstruction laws,-
and throw everything in the South again into
chaos and an archy ? Monstrous as this wou Id be
in its consequences they could notdoit. Grant
that they could gain the Presidency. Grant that
they could elect a majority of the members of the
B'orty-First Congress. Yet the Senate could
not, by any possibility, be changed for years to
come. And it requires both Houses of Con-
gress to repeal a law. What then? Would
they invoke the aid of the Supreme Court and
get the acts declared void ? This might possi-
bly have done before the organization and
recognition of the States under those acts, bat
it is too late for this even now. The Supreme
Courthas already decided in the case of Luther
vs. Borden, thatwlietheragivenpolitical organ-
ization is or is not a Slate is a political question
with which that Court has nothing to do ; that
the recognition of a given organization as a
State by Congress, by the admission of its
Senators and Representatives, settles the ques-
tion finally and forever for all departments of
the Government. How, then, will the Demo-
cratic party right this alleged wrong? The
platform is not very explicit upon this point.
It points out the grievance, and imposes upork
the party the necessity of applying some rem-
edy. Now, there are but two modes conceiv-
able ; one is by civil process, and the other by
revolution; one by law, and the other by war.
I have shown that the civil, the legal mode is
in the nature of things impossible. This the
Democracy must have known. The inference
is, therefore, that they intend to resort to arms.
But we are not left to inference alone upon
this question. Among the candidates for the
second position upon the ticket was a late
major general of the Union armies. This
gentleman had done due penance for his sin of
supporting his Government against the Dem-
ocratic party. With praiseworthy condescen-
sion his late enemies in the hostilefield agreed
to accept him as their Vice President. Before
his nomination he wrote a letter to the con-
vention, in which he denounced the recon-
struction acts of Congress as unconstitutional
and void, and declared the States organized
under them to be without legal authority or
existence. He recognized the fact and de-
plored it, that there was no peaceable and
legal mode of overthrowing them, and there-
fore he declared it to be the duty of the pro-
posed Democratic President immediately upon
his inauguration to organize an army, march it
into the South, and disperse those illegal and
void State governments at the point of the
bayonet!
But let the letter speak for itself, that there
may be no misunderstanding. Here it is:
Washington-, Juno 30, iSdS.
Dj;ar Colonel : In reply to your inquiries, X beg
leave to say that I leave to you to deienmne, oil
consultation with my friends from Mi-50iin, whother
my name shall be presented to the Democratic cim-
vention, and to submittbe following a.- what-1 con-
sider the real and oniy issue m tills contest:
The reconstruction policy of the Radioing wiil be
com f'iete beioro the next election : the States so tens
excluded "Wiil Kayo boon admitted; negio suifruge
e.-tdbhshc d, and the ca.rpet-bag?eis installed in their
seats in both branches of Ooim're,v>. There is no pos-
sibility ot changing the political character of the
Sin ate. even if the Democrats should elect their Pres-
ident and a majority of tho popular branch of Con-
gress. We cannot, therefore, undo the Radical pian
of reconstruction by congressional action; the Senate
trill continue a bar to its repeal. Must wo submit to
it? How can it be overthrown ? It can only be over-
thrown by the authority of the Executive, who is
sworn to maintain the Constitution, andwho r.;ii 1
iail to do his duty if he allows the Constitution to
perish under a series of congressional en.ictments
which are in palpable violation of its itindamental
principles.
If the President elected by tho Democracy enforces
or permits others to enforce these reconstruc tion acts,
the Radicals by the accession of twentyspurious ken-
