1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4S9
40th CO.to....2D SESS.
Taxation of Government Bonds—Mr. Butler.
Ho, of-Beps.
ators and fifty Representatives will control both !
branches of Congress, and his Administration will i
bo as powerless as the present one of Mr. Johnson. !
There is but one way to restore the Government j
and the Constitution, and that is for the President-
elect to declare these acts null and void, compel the
Army to undo its usurpations at the South, disperse !
the carpet-bag State governments, allow the white \
people to reorganize theirown governments, and elect !
Senators and Representatives. The House of Rep- i
resentntives will contain a majority of Democrats
from the North, and they will admit the Represent- !
atives elected by the white people of the South, and
with the cooperation of the President it will not be
difficult to compel the Senate to submit once more
to the obligations of the Constitution. It will not
be able to withstand the public judgment, if dis-
* inctly invoked and clearly expressed on this funda-
mental issue, and it is the sure way to avoid all future
strife to put the issue plainly to the country.
I repeat that this is the real and only question
which we should allow to control us. Shall we sub-
mit to the usurpations by which the Government has
been overthrown, or shall we exert ourselves for its
full and complete restoration ? It is idle to talk of
bonds, greenbacks, gold, the public faith, and the
public credit. What can a Democratic President do
in regard to any of these, with a Congress in both
b.-anches controlled by the carpet-baggers and their
allies? He will be powerless to stop the supplies by
which idle negroes areojganized into political clubs;
!)</ which an army is maintained to protect these
vagabonds in their outrages upon' the ballot. These,
.ii:d things like these, eat up the revenue and re-
sources of the Government and destroy its credit—
make the difference between gold and greenbacks.
We must restore the Constitution before we can re-
store the finances, and to do this we must have a
President who will execute the will of the people by
trampling into dust the usurpation of Congress,
known as the reconstruction acts.'-I wish to stand
before the convention upon this issue, but it is one
■which embraces everything else that is of value in
its large and comprehensive results. It is the one
thing-that includes all that is worth a contest, and
withoiu it there is nothing that gives dignity, honor,
or value to the struggle.
Tour friend, 'FRANK P. BLAIR.
Colonel James 0. Bkoadhkab.
This letter secured General Frank P. Blair
the votes of the rebels and the second place
on their ticket. Did it express the views aud
purposes of the convention? There might
have been some doubt upon this point if it
had been written after the nomination. But
it was written before, and was read to the del-
egates before they voted. Hence by their
action they indorsed its sentiments and made
it a part of their platform. Was the letter
■written in a spirit of bravado ? Possibly so.
Vac't a mere bid for the position ? Possibly
so. But those who know General Blair would
think this very improbable. Certainly it was
received and indorsed by the convention in
good faith and sober earnest.
We are therefore threatened with war in the
event of the success of the New York nomi-
nees in the coming election. Let us beware
how we disregard the threat. Let us learn
wisdom from the past. Let us remember that
when the Democratic party threatened war in
1860 they meant it, and they followed it up to
the filling of many a soldier's grave and the
grief of mauy a northern household. The
South may have had enough of war, but the
northern Democracy is still belligerent. It
has never yet surrendered. What a pity it is
for the good of the country that under the law
of nations General Lee had no power to capit-
ulate for his allies upon his defeat, and so to
surrender the entire Democratic party, North
as well as South, as prisoners of war.
General Grant, in his letter of acceptance
of the Republican nomination, says in short,
strong, and impressive language, such as he
always uses, "' Let us have peace." The Dem-
ocratic platform proposes to do what can only
be done by revolution; and its second candi-
date calls in so many words for war. Is the
country ready for the question? Ask the sol-
diers, in whose memories the long and weary
march and the awful carnage of close conflict
are still fresh. Ask the mothers of fair, brave
boys just approaching manhood. Ask the
fathers of maimed and mutilated sons. Ask
the toiling millions ground down already by
debt and taxation. Is the country ready for
the question? It will be upon us m Novem-
ber ; and if we are disposed to treat it lightly
let us bear in mind that when the Democratic
party threatened war in 1860 it meant it.
Let it be understood that the clearest aud
best defined issue between the two great par-
ties of the country is this one of peace or war;
whether the southern States shall be main-
tained as their citizens have constituted them
under the reconstruction acts, by peaceful and
legal means, or, on the other hand, overturned
by Federal bayonets and replaced by war and
anarchy. There are other issues very import-
ant, but less clearly set out. Something in the
New York platform looks fearfully like repu-
diation of the debt of the Government, fear-
fully like sapping the faith of the nation, which
ought to be as dear to the heart of every patriot
as the very life of the nation. But ingenious
sophistry may possibly explain this away.
However that may be, one thing may be said
with safety and certainty. The public credit
will be brighter and purer under the party which
incurred the debt in defense of the country
than under the party whose rebellion the debt
was incurred to crush.
But the issue of peace or war stands boldly
out. It is not attempted to be denied or even
concealed. If there is faith in human prom-
ises, if there is consistency in human actiohs,
then the election of Grant will continue the
rule of law and order, will maintain the south-
ern States as they are and restore their former
prosperity and greatness, while the election of
Seymour will destroy those States by the sword
and reinaugurate civil war, in which this time
the United States will be the aggressor.
Let us now suppose General Frank P. Blair to
be in error; let us suppose there is some peace-
able and legal means of destroying the State
governments of the South, is there any reason
why they should be destroyed? They are re-
publican in form. They are precisely what
a majority of the legal voters in those States
have made them, and they have Been acknowl-
edged as States of the Union by the Govern-
ment of the United States. If the Constitu-
tion even gave us the right to interfere with
thern why should we do so? The New York
platform implies, rather than expresses, the
Democratic reason. It is because some of the
legal voters in those States are black. Is that
sufficient? Some of the legal voters in Massa-
chusetts,in Maine, and in New Hampshire are
black. Some of the legal voters in New York
are black, and some of the legal voters in Ohio
are of African descent. Does the Democratic
party propose to march an army into New
York and destroy that State government be-
cause it permits a negro to vote? 1 trust our
opponents will be consistent, and if they attack
universal suffrage in the South they will apply
the same treatment to the northern States. If
Arkansas should not be allowed to regulate the
right of suffrage for herself, surely New York
ana Massachusetts should not.
I The great leading feature of the southern
! States as now constituted is that the right of
| suffrage is extended to all adult males, exclud-
| ing a very small proportion of the leaders in
j the late rebellion. If this is satisfactory to
, the citizens of tiiose States nobody outside of
! them has any cause of complaint. If_ this
j state of things is not satisfactory to the citizens
of those States it is op-tn to them at any time
! in the regular legal and constitutional manner
\ to change it.
i Why, then, should we inaugurate civil war?
What business have we to interfere with the
| institutions of South Carolina as long as her
| form of government is republican? If she
! likes it she will retain it. If she does not, she
j will change it. within the limits allowed by the
\ Constitution of the United States: and Gen-
! eral Frank P. Blair would be guilty of a very
! foul wrong in forcing upon that State, at the
! point of the bayonet, institutions of which her
; citizens do not approve.
Taxation of Government Bonds.
SPEECH OF HON. B. F. BUTLER,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Is the House of Representatives,
july 14, 1868. _
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union-
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, said :
Mr. Chairman : On the 22d day of May last,
the representatives of the Republican party of
the country assembled at Chicago, and- laid
before the country, as a portion of the policy
which should govern it, the following almost
axiomatic principle of political action:
"It is due to the labor of the nation that taxation
should beequalized and reduced as rapidly asnational
faith will admit."
Shortly after, ninety-two Representatives of
the people on this floor—almost an absolute
majority of all the Representatives-elect, and
an absolute majority of all the Republican party
present—attempted to carry out this principle
and make it the law of the land, as was their
duty to do as Republicans, by voting to instruct
their Committee of Ways and Means to bring
in a bill for the taxation of the income derived
from national interest-bearing securities. How
that committee performed its duty, in obedience
to such imperative order, 1 shall have the honor
directly to bring to the attention of the House.
Let us at first, however, define carefully and
distinctly what we mean by the equalization
of taxation. I understand the phrase as used
in the platform of our party to mean that all
the invested capital of the country shall be
subject to such rates of impost to be directly
taken from its profits in such amounts and
proportions as that in all its parts it shall bear
its fair share of the burden of taxation equally
relatively to productive capital and labor, due
regard always being had to the amounts of
such profits in comparison to other sources of
income, discriminating with a sound discretion,
if at all, against the profits of invested capital
which are mere profits, and in favor of such
profits as are derivable from labor alone or
labor employed in conjunction with aetive cap-
ital. It is obvious to every one that this ia
the only definition of this plank of the plat-
form which will bear examination for a moment.
What, then, are the interest-bearing securi-
ties of the United States ? They make a pecu-
liar class of property; invested productive cap-
ital to the owner, taxation to everybody else.
If there were no tax to be paid by the people
there would practically be no debt owed by
the people. Everybody understands this. The
public debt can affect the people in no other
way than through taxation. Therefore I re-
peat the bonds of the United States are cap-
ital to the holder, but are taxation to every
man in the nation.
Now, it will not be denied that all theseenri
ties of the United States, interest-bearing or
other, substantially escape taxation. True wo
I have an income tax of five per cent, upon
I them, but for reasons which will be seen in a
moment, they in fact escape all taxation.
When we first provided for these bonds we puf
an income tax upon them of one and a half
per cent. That income tax was imposed in
1863, and kept on for two years ; and returns
can be found for those two years, from which
it will be seen how nearly completely the capi-
tal invested in these bonds escapes all taxation.
This income tax of one and a half per cent,
was put on before the bonds were at all issued.
! In the year 1863 we ought to have received
: from this tax on the income derivable from
| the interest on the national indebtinent, if it
■ had been honestly returned and collected, at
i least SI,300,000. How much did we actually
receivc ? Ihaveit here from the income returns
: of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue that
