1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2963
will take all day. I submit that we should go
on with the order of the day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator state his question of order?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is that the time has
expired for which the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. IIexdkicks] asked to have the regular
order laid aside to consider this bill. The
understanding of the Senate was that unless
we got through with this bill in twenty minutes
we would go on with the other measure.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Chair
cannot take cognizance of any particular time.
The Chair did not understand whether there
was any time fixed or not. The Senate pre-
ferred to take up this bill over the other; and
when they get ready they can take up the other
in preference to this.
ilr. TRUMBULL. I thought that was the
motion of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly it was, that the
regular order should be postponed for twenty
minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I voted for it with that
understanding.
Mr. FESSENDEN, (to Mr. Trumbull.)
Move to postpone this bill and take up the
other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not the floor
unless the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mor-
ton"] gives it to me. If he does 1 will make
that motion.
Mr. MORTON. I will in one minute. I
want to say something in regard to the Miles
Greenwood claim, of which I have heard be-
fore this. He is one of the most enterprising,
high-minded, and honorable men in the West;
a man who I believe would not prefer an
unjust claim. I have understood for several
years that he had been greatly wronged in this
business. Now, sir, this tribunal to which these
claims were submitted, as I understand, was
created by Congress; was it not?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Organized by the Navy
Department.
Mr. MORTON. Organized by the Navy
Department. It strikes me as rather monstrous
to say that from that tribunal there is noappeal
to the Congress that created it; that it is to be
the one tribunal, and that there shall be no resort
to any other. That is contrary to the practice of
the law with which my friend from Vermont is
so familiar. But, Mr. President, I have reason
to believe that in regard to matters of this
kind, matters of contract, especially in the
building of vessels and of other things in time
of war, requiring great expense, built in an
emergency where there were changes^ inadej
the Government has acted hardly with its con-
tractors. The Government is often swindled,
but the Government has not a right in turn to
swindle other people. It is just as much bound
to pay an honest debt as anybody else; and it
contractors have gone on in good laith, chang-
ing the work from time to time to suit the
views of the Government, suffering great delay,
as was shown in the Miles Greenwood case by
the failure to furnish the specifications ior two
years, the Government is bound in the practice
of common honesty to see that these men are
made whole. I know it is a common practice
when claims are brought by individuals against
the Government to compromise them, give
them half. The Government seem to think it
is doing well if it gives them half they are
entitled to. Men take a small pittance and go
away ruined. Now, sir, in the case of the
building of these vessels let the Government
do justice to these men. In the case of Mues
Greenwood, I believe he has suffered great
injustice, and that he is entitled to large com-
pensation, and he ought to have it to the lasv
dollar. As the Government would have justice
done to it by its employes, by its contractors,
and by its oilicers, so let it do justice to others
upon the same principle. I have reason to
believe that justice has not been done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to lay asidethis
bill and proceed to the order of the day. _
Mr. CONNESS. Upon that motion, which
I hope will carry, I wish to say that it Mr.
Miles Greenwood shall not have justice done
him in this world, when he shall depart hence
there may be written truthfully upon his slab,
"This man died without justice having been
done him by reason of the existence of law-
yers, or law as a profession." [Laughter.]
Mr. MORTON. I know of no reason for
making a fling at Miles Greenwood on the floor
of the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator does not
understand me as doing it.
Mr. MORTON. He is a high-minded, hon-
orable man.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was at me.
Mr. MORTON. I understood the Senator
from California as making a fling at Miles
Greenwood.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator disclaims
that, I have nothing to say.
Mr. CONNESS. It was furthest from my
mind; but propositions are stated and restated
which we understand and could vote upon if
allowed to do so. That was the object of my
remarks.
Mr. MORTON. It is all right, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the bill under considera-
tion until to morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk,announced
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 251) authorizing the Secretary of War to
furnish supplies to an exploring expedition.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R- No. 1194) to provide for the
inauguration of State officers in Arkansas.
North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
Georgia, and Alabama, and for the meeting of
thee Lgislatures of said States;
A bill (H. R. No. 631) amendatory of an
act approved July 26, 18(56, entitled ''An act
to authorize the construction of certain bridges
and establish them as post roads' and
A bill (H. R. No. 1205) to further amend
the postal laws.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bill and joint resolution ; and they
were thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 1033) for the relief of
Thomas McLean ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 251) author-
izing the Secretary of _ War to furnish supplies
to an exploring expedition. Xy
representation of southern states.^*
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday, being the bill (H.
R. No. 1058) to admit the States of North Car-
olina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, and
Alabama to representation in Congress, is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
the pending question being on the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] to the amendment of the Committee on
I the Judiciary, to insert the word " Alabama '
1 after "Georgia'' in the fourth line ot the iirst
1 section of the committee's amendment; and
upon that question the Senator from West Vir-
ginia rMr- Wti.ley] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILLEY addressed the Senate. _ [His
speech will be published in the Appendix. J
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, while
it is not my intention to enter into a general
discussion of the merits of this bill, some re-
marks have fallen from the honorable benator
from West Virginia that seem to require notice.
I shall not attempt to discuss the principles ot
the bill, because heretofore in discussing the
reconstruction measures ot Congress. so_called,
I liave had occasion to present my views in
reference to the whole subject. My great objec-
tion to the measure and all kindred measures
is the total want of authority in the Congress
of the United States to intervene in the prem-
ises; that there is no power conferred on
Congress by the Constitution to reconstruct
any State, to intervene in any manner in ref-
erence to the governments of these States; but
that the whole matter in reference to the gov-
ernments of these States is exclusively with the
people of the respective States themselves.
But, sir, the matter to which I wish to allude
is the view presented of the question of suf-
frage by the Senator from West Yirgiuia. He
claims that the measure before the Senate is
just, right, proper, among other reasons, be-
cause it confers the right of suffrage upon the
negroes of the South. He plants himself broadly
and squarely before the Senate and before the
country upon the ground of universal enfran-
chisement of the black race in these States of
the South.
Mr. President, consistency is a jewel. The
honorable Senator is but following his standard
bearers, Ulysses and Colfax. He is but echo-
ing the sentiments enunciated at Chicago. He
takes up the watchword of that convention,
and he gives it the weight of his name and
influence before the country—negro suffrage
in the South !" Without attempting to censure
the course of my honorable friend, allow me
to inquire if it would not be a little better for
him to go home to West Virginia, and there
before the people of his own State advocate
negro suffrage in that State, than to stand up
before the American Senate and advocate negro
suffrage elsewhere? Why does not the hon-
orable Senator, 3nd why do not those who act
with him politically in this Chamber, go before
their own people and advocate universal, un-
qualified negro suffrage in their own States
before they come here and attempt to impose
it upon the people of other States !
My honorable friend, no doubt, is perfectly
honest in his desire to see the ballot in the
hands of every negro: but there comes thunder
tones from Michigan, from Ohio, and from
other great States of this country telling him
that a political party which risks its fortunes
upon such an issue before the Ameiican peo-
ple will have to go down to the dust; and hence
his gratitude and his philanthropy, and the
gratitude and philanthropy of his party, are
circumscribed to the area of the ten seceded
States. Negro suffiage is good enough for the
South; negro suffrage is all right there where
the races are nearly equal and in some States
in which the negro race predominates ; but
when you come to West Virginia, which was
erected into a State by the active cooperation
and approval and by the earnest efforts of my
friend and others associated with him, his voice
is not heard in the constitutional convention
of West Virginia, or in the conventions of his
party, asking that justice shall be done to this
oppressed race in West Virginia. Xo, sir,
justice has taken her flight from the mountain
tops of West Virginia, and now she is hover-
ing over the sunny plains of the South, and
there she is to erect her altar and there she
is to minister.
But, Mr. President, my friend is only acting
in perfect unison with his party which recently
assembled at Chicago. ^ hat did that con-
vention say? What the honorable Senator
says by Ins action and by his speeches in this
body. On the floor of this Chamber, in the
other House, through the leading public presses
of the Republican party throughout the coun-
try, before the disastrous defeats of that party
in Michigan, Ohio, and other States, we heard
the crv of universal negro suffrage. I.flat con-
vention met subsequently to those uisastioas
defeats, and they changed their tone of voice.
Their sense of iustice is not so great, then
regard for the poor, oppressed African is not
! quite so great, their love for him not quite so
i warm as it was before those elections; and
i hence when they met, wise men, great men,
from every section of the country, to lay down
a "platform for their political party,which they
propose shall march on to victory m Novem-
