186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I rise to make a sug-
gestion before we proceed any further. I think
that we are about establishing a very danger-
ous precedent if on a mere motion to postpone
one bill and take up another you can bring in
and have read at length a long bill. It may
take two or three hours sometimes to read a
bill. I understand the rule to be this: that
when a Senator moves to postpone one subject
and take up another he can state in a short
speech what it is about, to inform the Senate,
but nof go into a long reading of bills orinto a
long speech on a motion to postpone. I under-
stand that to be the rule. I think we shall fall
into a dangerous precedent if we are to have a
long bill read on a simple motion to lay aside
one order of business and take up another. If
we allow this to be done we shall be placed in
a position that will be embarrassing hereafter,
I think. I call the attention of the Chair to
the suggestion which I make, that while it is
not out of order to make a short statement, it
is out of order to make a long speech and to go
into the merits of the thing on a motion to post-
pone.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. How long
a speech may be made ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It must rest somewhat
in the discretion of the Chair.
Mr. STEWART. I trust I am not to be in-
terrupted in an honest effort to make a speech,
on which I have spent some time, and which I
do not think would be annoying to Senators if
they would listen to it. It does not raise any
political question, but it is connected with our
finances and the material interests of the coun-
try. I have spent a great deal of labor on it,
and I do not like to see so much captiousness
about my having the floor. Time has been spent
this morning very unprofitably. I rose in the
first place and requested a part of the morning
hour, but that was consumed in a discussion
which has not thrown much light on the Sen-
ate, and which was quite as irrelevant to any
pending proposition as anything could be.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator yield
me the floor a moment that I may make a sug-
gestion?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Ne-
vada has suggested the subject of his argu-
ment. It is a very important one. It is one
that not only relates to the interest of his own
section, but, in my judgment, to the interest and
prosperity of every section of this country. I
move that he be allowed now to make his argu-
ment upon his bill, and that all business be
suspended for the purpose of allowing that
argument to be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the
order of the day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It becomes
the duty of the Chair at this time to call up the
special order, which is the unfinished business
of yesterday, being the bill (H. R. No. 320)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the execution of the
reconstruction laws and for the service of the
Quartermaster's Department of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868,
and for other purposes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My motion is to post-
pone that until the completion of the argu-
ment of the Senator from Nevada.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Sol under-
stand. The Senator from Indiana now moves
that the special order be postponed for the pur-
pose of taking up the bill mentioned by the
Senator from Nevada.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I trust the Sen-
ate will do no such thing. Here is a deficiency
bill sent to us, a portion of it before the recess
of the Senate in December. Here are many of
the employds ofthe Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives clamoring at our doors, and they have
been this month; they are unpaid and have
been since July, and are in distress. They are
importuning Senators in all directions to pass
this bill. There is absolute distress among the
employes of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives who have been unpaid since July.
I know it to be so. But that is not the grava-
men of this bill. Besides that, here is a defi-
ciency of some ten million dollars for the
Quartermaster's Department, which is greatly
needed, which presses the Government, and
presses beyond measure. It has been so rep-
resented to us, and we have been importuned
on account of it. This bill was set down for
yesterday at one o'clock, but in view of the
urgency of the measure then before the Senate
11 I did not feel authorized to press it against the
wishes of the honorable Senator who had charge
of that bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
from Maine will allow me to make a single
statement. I understand that the honorable
Senator from Nevada does not propose any
action on his bill now, but simply to take the
floor, being prepared to address the Senate at
this time. I understand that about three quar-
ters of an hour is the length of time he will
occupy. I suggest that the special order be
informally laid aside, so as not to lose its pre-
cedence, simply that the Senator from Nevada
may make his speech.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest that
the speech be laid aside until we send this bill
to the other House, and then the Senator from
Nevada can be heard. I hope this bill will not
occupy the attention of the Senate for one half
hour, for it is of the utmost importance ; and
it strikes me that to interpose a speech against
a bill involving so much public concern as this
does is not exactly the thing. If my honorable
friend had been on the floor for half an hour
and was engaged in the delivery of his speech,
I should certainly be very reluctant to inter-
pose ; but the speech has not begun, and the
question is on postponing an appropriation bill
to begin a speech. I trust the Senate will pro-
ceed with the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I feel the same interest in
this bill that the Senator from Maine feels, but
I am entirely willing that it should be laid aside
informally to allow the Senator from Nevada
to make his remarks. It is a courtesy which
we constantly extend to Senators, and I should
be glad to have the Senate extend it to the Sen-
ator from Nevada on this occasion. I should
be grieved to have the Senator from Nevada de-
prived of the opportunity of making his speech
this morning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think from the expe-
rience I have had it is wise, as a general rule,
to allow the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, who is better informed on the
subject than the body of the Senate can pos-
sibly be, to decide if he thinks it very import-
ant that an appropriation bill should be passed
at a particular time, and that other business
should not be allowed to interfere with it. I
know I found myself sometimes embarrassed
in the disposition of the business that was
submitted to me as chairman of the Committee
on Finance, before the labors of that commit-
tee were divided, by the disinclination of the
Senate to take up bills which I considered it
important to* take up at a particular time,
j although I must say that as a general rule the
j Senate was very kind and considerate to me
I in relation to those matters. I hope the same
consideration will be extended to my colleague,
who certainly must be able to judge of the
pressing nature of the bill which he presents.
He has already given way one day,trnd if his
bill is now the regular order of business it
would not be according to the usages of the
Senate to put that bill out of its order for other
business against his protest.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Indiana is to post-
pone the order of the day for the purpose of
proceeding to the consideration of the bill
! mentioned by the Senator from Nevada.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 13, noes 9 ; no quorum voting.
Several Senators called for another division.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is aware that there is a quorum in the Cham-
ber, but there is not a quorum voting.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to say
one word before this vote is taken. I have
given very little attention to the subject on
which the Senator from Nevada proposes to
speak, but I know the fact to be, so far as I
have been able to ascertain it, that the produc-
tions of our mines are gradually decreasing, and
in the present condition of our finances 1 con-
sider this one of the most important questions
to which Congress can give its attention—the
increase of the gold and silver of this country.
It is of prime importance. The Senator from
Nevada, representing the gold region of the
country, believes that he has a measure of great
importance in connection with this great inter-
est. Now it is proposed that lie shall not be
heard, that we shall take up a deficiency bill;
a bill to provide for payments out of the Treas-
ury where officers of the Government have paid
money without authority of law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; no such
thing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then the bill is not
properly entitled. If it is a deficiency bill
that is its character. It is to pay money out
of the Treasury. I would ordinarily support
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions in any of his propositions, but 1 think he
presses his bill now unreasonably when we
wish to hear this argument; and as his bill is
not important to the Government I hope he
will yield to allow the Senator from Nevada
to make his speech.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is remark-
able to me that a deficiency bill is to be denom-
inated a bill to appropriate money that has
been illegally taken from the public Treasury.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I said taken without
authority of law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Deficiency bills
never bear that relation to the legislation of
the country. This bill is for deficiencies of the
Army, chiefly the quartermaster's department,
growing out of the fact that no appropriation
was asked for the quartermaster's department
for the last year, relying upon he surplus in
that department, together with the fact, known
to the Senate and to the country, that the in-
creased expenditures of the department come
from the exigencies of the Indian war, not then
known to any of us. It is to meet that condi-
tion which the bill provides for. I say to my
honorable friend from Nevada that 1 do not
like to stand here to urge unreasonably the
consideration of this or any other bill before
the Senate; but he will consider that many
of the items of this bill were presented to us
in a deficiency bill which failed between the
two Houses before the recess of the Senate,
and that it is to meet the public exigency to
which I have alluded. Then I submit to him
whether I am to be charged with a disposition
unreasonably to press this upon the consider-
ation of the Senate when it is in order in the
order of business of the Senate. The Senate
will consider that they assigned yesterday at
one o'clock for the consideration of this bill,
and that it was then allowed to go over to
accommodate the chairman of the Committee
on Finance.
Under these circumstances I feel it my duty
to press the bill on the consideration of the
Senate. No Senator here would be more will-
ing than myself to accommodate the honorable
Senator from Nevada; but it is simply a ques-
tion of whether a bill situated as this is should
be put out of its order that we may listen to a
speech from the honorable Senator, which,
however interesting and important it may be,
can be just as well made after the passage of
this bill as at the present time.
Mr. HARLAN. It has always been usual
in the Senate when a Senator felt a deep
interest in a subject and was prepared to pro-
ceed with its discussion to permit him to do so;
and the objection must be very extraordinary,
I think, on this occasion if the usual courtesies
of the Senate are not to bo extended to the
