440
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 14
Ho. of Beps.
Taxation of Government Bonds—Mr. Butler.
40xh Cons....2d Sess.
we received $75,000 only. For the year 1861
we should have received §1,700,000 from in-
come returns from the interest of our national
debt, if it had been honestly returned, but we
actually received only $133,402 75, consider-
ably less than one tenth. Therefore I have a
right to say that quite all the income derivable
from the interest-bearing securities of the
United States escapes taxation. As all taxa-
tion upon incomes is now five per cent, since
1865, there have been no returns of the taxes
raised on incomes from United States securities
specifically, so that we can get no figures to
verify the fact; but if the persons holding the
United States securities in 1863 and 18C4
would cheat the Government more than nine
dollars out of every ten we should have re-
ceived, to escape a tax of one and a half per
cent, only, it is easy to imagine with sufficient
certainty for all purposes of argument what
is done to escape a tax of five per cent.
We have now $2,500,000,000 of invested
capital in the interest-bearing securities of the
United States, the most profitableinvestments
of any in the country, every dollar of which
we have seen escapes substantially all taxa-
tion, municipal, State, and national. Is that
" the equal and just taxation due to the labor of
the country" which allows so large an amount
of its most profitable invested property to
escape taxation, both State and national?
This $2,500,000,000 of capital is paying
interest to the holders raised from the taxa-
tion of the people at such rates in gold or in
currency that reckoning the premium forty-
oue and a half per cent, to-day it is less than
the truth to say that it averages eight percent,
interest or $200,000,000 of income, all of it
mere profit without a blow struck, a spade
uplifted, or business transaction done, and
without possibility of loss.
To allow this vast income wholly to escape
all taxation seems therefore not to be that equal-
ity of taxation due to labor of which the Chi-
cago resolution speaks, especially as labor, and
ultimately nothing but labor, is taxed to pay
it all.
It is no answer in amelioration of this great
injustice, and yet it is the only one which I
have ever heard, that much of this debt is
held by men of small means in comparatively
small sums; here our sympathies are always
appealed to in behalf of the widows and orphans
who own bonds, lest they, too, should be
taxed ; because whoever owns those securities i
holds them as an investment, a surplus over and i
above his daily wants, as a source of income j
without labor, while the masses of laboring '
men and women, widows and orphans, are >
struggling for daily bread by daily toil, borne i
down in that struggle by the burden of the
taxes which must be imposed on the very j
necessaries of living to pay this untaxed in- :
come of two hundred millions, however the |
same may be held, whether as the small in- I
comes which escape taxation by exemption or I
by the millionaire who escapes through fraud.
It is all one and the same thing to the over-
burdened people who toil to earn the means of
living out of which this vast income is at last
paid. j
To remedy this so apparent injustice and
wrong; to carry into effect the Chicago plat- j
form m this behalf; to show to the country that i
the Republican party by its laws deals equal j
justice to all men, the House of Representa- j
tives by a most decisive vote ordered the Com- :
mittee of Ways and Means to bring in a bill j
which should equalize taxation in some degree j
by imposing a tax upon this two hundred mil- j
lions of income, which now escapes taxation, I
and thus make it bear a portion at least of its 1
just share of the burdens of the Government \
of which this capital receives more than its ;
share of the benefits. j
This order of the llonae, so reasonable, so !
proper, so in accordance with party allegiance, !i
so patriotic, appealing to the conscientious
jj sense of fair play in every rightly balanced
j! miud, one would have supposed would have
been obeyed by that committee with joyful
alacrity, springing with eagerness to aid and
lead the House in this so noble a work of true
legislation for the benefit of the many although
not against the true interest of the few. How
did that committee obey the order of the
House? " What private griefs they had that
made them do it, alas ! I know not ; bat they
are all, all honorable men."
They were ordered to bring in a bill levying
a tax of at least ten per cent, on the interest
of the bonds of the United States, to be col-
lected by those charged with the duty of pay-
ing the interest on the bonded debt of the
United States. They do bring in a bill to
reduce the rate of interest on certain of the
securitiesof the United States, butdonottake
anything from the seven-thirty securities. Be-
ing directed to levy a tax on the bonds which
bear the rate of five and six percent, interest in
gold, which, being a very valuable and profit-
able security, might well be able to bear that
rate of taxation, the committee, apparently for
the purpose of bringing into odium the order
of the House, report a bill to reduce the inter-
est on the Government three per cent, certifi-
cates three tenths of one per cent. The com-
mittee left undone what they were ordered to
do and did that which they were not ordered
to do, and we might well complete the para-
phrase by saying " and there is no health in
them."
To insure the rejection of this relief of the
people from taxation the committee accom-
pany their bill, which neither they nor any one
else will vote for, with a report which is re-
markable as showing two things with remark-
able clearness and effect: first, the perversity
of the committee on this subject; secondly, the
apparent want of acquaintance with the subject
upon which tBey report.
They say the committee are opposed to the
proposition embraced in thisresolution. They
| need not have said that; the House and coun-
try knew that long ago. It is too well known
that that committee are opposed to relieving
the burdens of (he people by any measure of
taxation of the income of the bonded debt
which is effectual. They had frittered nearly
the whole session away and no measure of
| relief had by them been reported, either in
J taxing or funding the public debt, although
j many propositions had been sent them by the
| House to direct them to this object.
i And when they are acting under the mandate
! of the House to do something on this behalf,
; the committee further say in theirreport that—■
"They reserve to themselves their rights, as mern-
j bors of the House, to oppose in every possible way
I the adoption of a measure which they reirard as hos-
tiio to ttie public interest and injurious to the national
character."
! Now, as a leading committee, by keeping
! back measures and obstructing the passage of
bills which they report, can under the rules of
! the House almost surely defeat any measure,
; it is to the Committee of Ways and Means, so
far as tho House is concerned, that the country
owes the loss of all effectual measures of finan-
i cial relief during this session of Congress, and
j the loss of the fifteen or twenty millions which
j might and ought to have accrued to a depleted
1 Treasury and a burdened, tax-ridden people
| from the most proper and legitimate source of
! revenue. Palmam qui meruit femt. Let the
committee have the credit of it if the people
believe this right. Their Representatives in
the House, by a vote of 92 to 54, ordered other-
wise, but the committee have thwarted the
execution of the will of the House. If this
measure of taxing the income on the bonds less
than any species of property is taxed in this
country is (as the committee say) "hostile to
the public interest and injurious to the national
character," the people will condemn the House
of Representatives for ordering it to be done.
I speak this more in sorrow than in anger, bat
it is due to the House of Representatives that
the country should know precisely why a meas-
ure of relief which I believe the people and the
true interests of all demanded at oar hands has
failed, and why they must toil on another year
to earn fifteen millions more of taxes. It is
also due to the Republican party that it should
be known that as a party we are not responsi-
ble for this failure. A majority of us voted for
it. No man, Democrat or other on the com-
mittee, has raised a murmur against this its
action. What I have here said will give each
member of the committee an opportunity of
saying whether he was for or against what the
committee have done in this regard, and the
country must judge. How much the commit-
tee^ are mistaken in the legal propositions upon
which they found their report will be seen in
the course of my observations.
The committee say, "But your committee
have been unable to find in the statute-books
of England or any other civilized country a
law that could be regarded in any way as a
precedent for the bill the House have instructed
the committee to report, which, if enacted,
will be simply a law providing for the payment
of a rate of interest on the Government debt
ten per cent, less than was agreed for."
The provisions of law which the committee
are unable to find to justify the House in its
vote in any civilized country are, therefore,
first, a law providing for a tax of ten per cent,
on the interest of the public debt: second, a
provision of law that such tax shall be collected
by the public officers paying that interest to the
public creditors.
This is all the resolution tho House ordered
the committee to report a bill to do. This
they refuse to do because they can find no pre-
cedent, for it in any civilized country. In order
to see how completely the law and precedents
of taxation of England cover and justify the
action of the House, I pray you, Mr. Chair-
man, to go with me in a cursory examination
of the history of taxation in England. The
importance and instructiveness of tho topic
will amply requite the tedium of the task.
In order that any gentleman may follow me
and see if I am correct, and that there may be
no mistake in what I say, that cannot be cor-
rected in my citations of authority, (for cita-
tions of authorities are not always corrcctly
given,) I will give the book from which I quote.
1 .have extracted the following provisions
from Senior's Income Tax Law, London edi-
tion of 1863. It is the handbook of English
tax duties, according to which their tax law is
administered.
The first income-tax act was that of 1708,
and was based on the taxation of incomes
according to certain taxes already assessed
upon a graduated scale. Thus if a person were
assessed on servants, carriages, and horses, he
was to pay additional duties as an income tax.
Such persons were by this act, if assessed for
under twenty-five pouuds, to pay three times
the amount; it for thirty, and under fortv,
to pay_ four times the amount; if fifty and
upward, five times the amount, and another
schedule fixed duties to be paid by persons
assessed for houses, windows, dogs, clocks, and
watches.
As it affected those persons exclusively
who were already assessed certain taxes, this
act was a failure, for by giving up the kind of
property subject to these taxations they got
rid of the new tav. Therefore, it became
necessary in 1700, to try a duty o f ten per cent.
on all incomes above X200, with a graduated
scale for those below.
The reasons for this new levy was, as the
statute said, because there were sundry in-
stances of evasion of the old act, and the new
tax was laid ■' to establish an equalization of
