1940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
gress; which was referred to the Committee
ou the J udieiary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, praying a repeal of the tax
on manufactures; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, praying a change in the
mode of selecting officers for the.collection or
disbursement of moneys belonging to the Uni-
ted States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Culpeper county, Virginia, praying the removal
of the civil disabilities imposed on llenry Shack-
elford, of that State, by acts of Congress; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of John
O'Dwyer, late captain in the Veteran Reserve
corps, praying to be allowed the three months'
pay proper granted to Army officers by the act
of March 3, 1865; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. MORllILL, of Maine, it
was
Ordered, That the petition of Robert Murray, jr.,
of Now York, praying that an American register bo
granted to the German-built brig llaytien Margaret,
on the files of tho Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
reports of committees.
Mr. FERRY, fiom the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (II. 11. No. 780) for the relief
of Martha M. Jones, administratrix of Samuel
T. Jones, reported it with an amendment, and
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(EL R. No. 870) to remove political disabilities
from Roderick U. Butler, of Tennessee, re-
ported it with amendments.
Mi-. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, to whom was
referred the petition of Jeremiah Carhart,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and submitted a report; which "was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. 110WE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 217) for the relief of Bcals & Dixon,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred a petition of
merchants and importers of New York, asking
that duties erroneously exacted by reason of
non-allowance for draft on importations of
merchandise, be refunded, reported u bill (S.
No. 418) to refund duties erroneously exacted
in certain cases; which was read and passed to
a second reading.
bills introduced.
Mr. JOHNSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 419) to revive and continue in force the
act of the 29th of July, 1850, and the act
amendatory thereof of the 2d of April, 1852;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee oil the Judiciary, aud ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 125) authorizing the issue
of a new register to the American-built schooner
Milton Badger ; which was read twicebyits title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
occupancy of sax juan island.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing :
Resolved, That the Congressional Printer be di-
iectc.il to print for the use of the Department of
State one thousand five hundred copies of the mes-
sage and accompanying documents relating to the
joint occupation of San Juan l'slandin Puget's sound.
public expenditures.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its present consider-
ation :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
requested to inform the Senate what have been the
monthly expenditures and tho average expenditures
per month of the War, Navy, and Interior Depart-
ments since the 1st day of July, 1863; and also the
monthly expenditures of each bureau of said De-
partments during the present fiscal year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that lie over until
to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution will go over under
the rules.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say to the Sen-
ator that I have made inquiry at the Depart-
ment, and found that this information can be
given without inconvenience.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I withdraw the ob-
jection.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to.
soldiers' bounties.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following re-
port :
The eommittec of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the Senate amendment,
the bill (ll.lt. No. 331) to facilitate the payment of
soldieiV bounties under the act of 18(5(>, having met,
after full and frco conference recommend to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the House agree to the Senate amendment
with the following amendments, namely:
1. Ln section one, lino three, after the word " au-
thorized, ' insert tiie words "and directed."
2. In s-cetion one, line four, after the word "for,"
insert the words "not more than."
3. In section two, line two, alter the word " author-
ized," insert the words "and directed."
4. Add at the end of section fnnr tho following
words, namely: "who shall be responsible respect-
ively for the official acts ot said clerks."
And that tho Senate agree to the said amendments.
HENRY WILSON,
J. M. HOWARD,
0. S. FERRY,
Manage) v on thepcrt of tile Senate.
H. 15. PAINE,
JAMES A. GARFIELD,
J. LAWRENCE GET/, .
Managers oti the-part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
recording of conveyances of ships.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 366) regulating the presentation of bills
to the President and the return of the same.
It has already been up two or three times.
Mr. DAVlS. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, who is not in his seat, [Mr. Blcka-
LEW,"j feels an interest in that biil, and 1 ask
the Senator from Vermont, lo postpone it until
the Senator from Pennsylvania comes in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ Tiie Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Bayard] is desirous of addressing
tho Senate on tho subject, and undoubtedly by
the time he concludes the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will have come in.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ It is desirable to have
the bill passed soon if it is to be passed at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
The motion was agreed to.
^ Mr. HENDRICKS. T ask the Senator from
Vermont to allow me to call up a bill that the
Judiciary Committee instructed me to report
some lime ago, and which ought to pass. I
think it will not require two minutes to do so.
It is in regard to the recording of claims against
vessels. There is confusion growing up, and
the bill ought to be disposed of. It is Senate
bill No. 373.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not understand the
description the Senator gave of the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is the bill that regu-
lates the recording of conveyances of vessels.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly: 1 have no ob-
jection. This may be laid aside informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection, the bill regularly before the
Senate will be laid aside informally and the
bill mentioned by the Senator from Indiana
taken up.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 373) to amend an act en-
titled " An act to provide for recording the
conveyances of vessels, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 29, 1850. It provides
that the record required by the act entitled
"An act to provide for recording the convey-
ances of vessels, and for other purposes," ap-
proved July 29, 1850, shall be made in the
office of the collector of the customs where the
vessel has its permanent registry.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
presentation of bills to president.
The PRESIDENT 'pro tempore. The bill
taken up on motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont is now before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
3GG) regulating the presentation of bills to the
President of the United States and the return
of the same.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the bill now
before the Senate comes, as I understand, from
the Committee on the Judiciary. Were it not
that my own convictions are very clear on the
subject I should hesitate to make any oppo-
sition to it. 'The better way to treat the ques-
tion will be by referring to the clause in the
Constitution to which this bill has undertaken
to give an interpretation. The objections, I
may state, to it generally are two: first, that
the construction of the Constitution involved
in the biil is erroneous; second, that whether
erroneous or right it is the assumption of ju-
dicial power for the Congress by legislative act
to undertake to define the Constitution of the
U"nited States.
I will first read the clause of the Constitu-
tion regulating this matter, clause two, section
seven, article one, and will then endeavor to
state my objections as succinctly as I possibly
can:
"Every bill which shall have passed the House of
Representatives and the Senate shall, before it be-
come a law, be presented to the President of tho
United States; if he approve he shall sign it, but it
not he shall return it, with his objections to that
House in which it shall have originated, who shall
enter tho objections at large on their Journal, and
proceed to reconsider it. If after sueli reconsider-
ation two thirds oi that House shall agree to pass the
bill it shall be sent, together with tho objections, to
the other House, by which it shall likewise be recon-
sidered, and if approved by two thiidsof that House
it shall become a law. Bat in all such cases the votes
of both Houses shall be determinedhyyeasand nays,
and the names of the persons voting for and against
tho bill shall be entered on the Journal of each
House respectively. If ans' bill shalluot be returned
by the Pi esident within ten days (Sundays excepted)
after it shall have been piesented to him, the same
shall bo a law, m like manner as ifhe had signed it,
unless the Congress by their adjournment prevent its
return, in which case it shall not be a law."
It is on the construction of the last clause
that the question turns. The bill before the
Senate provides:
That the ten days mentioned in section seven of
article one of the Constitution, within which the Pres -
ident is required to return to the House ill which it
originated any bill not approved by him, shall be
held and coic-trued to be ten calendar daj s (Sundays
exeepted) next after the day of tho presentation of
any such bill to him.
That I believe has always been considered
the true construction of the Constitution, and
has always been acted on. There is no objec-
tion to that, but the bill proceeds to provide:
And tho adjournment of Congress which shall
prevent the return of any such bill by the President
, shall be held and construed to lie the final adjourn-
I lnent of a sc*Vnmand not an adjournment of either
I or both Houses of Congress acting by themselves or
with the consent of each other, as provided for in
the Constitution, to a paitieular day.
It is that provision which I consider pro-
ceeds on a manifestly erroneous construction
of the Constitution. The object of the clause
of the Constitution is to give a partial nega-
tive to the executive power upon the legisla-
tion of Congress, and with a view to give to
the Executive a reasonable time within which
to present his objections to any measure
passed by a majority of both Houses, the
period of ten days is designated in the Consti-
tution excepting a dies non, Sunday. The
period of ten days, beside Sundays, is al-
