3990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
should not leave it to the Secretary of the
Treasury to fix the length of time for which
these bonds should run, ten, twenty, thirty, or
forty years. I would rather have, and it is
more proper to have, the judgment of Congress
on thatsubject. I am therefore in f vorof the
first section of this bill. I believe we ought
to pass it. 1 believe we ought to make the
time specific. If I thought we could get the
money on ten-year bonds, [ should certainly
vote for the amendment of the Senator from
Maine ; butmyjudgmentisvery much againstit.
Mr. MORIiiLL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I have been heartily in favor of the prac-
tice of the Government in keeping control of
its loans, which has been eulogized by the Sen-
ator from Maine ; but I ask whether it can be
expected that we are to continue this controll-
ability and yet obtain our money at a lower
rate of interest. Whenever we succeed in
obtaining a loan at a reduced rate of interest
it is to be expected thatwe shall relinquish this
control. It was only in order to obtain at some
future time better terms thai we made provision
for this control: and if we continue the control
m relation to the time when we arc to pay these
loans of course we must still pay a higher
rate of interest for that control.
The Senator from Maine suggests that the
parties who are to take this loan would very
readily accept shorter bonds. I tear they would,
at the rates fixed by this bill, and might make
it so short that they would hardly take it at
all. H is only in consequence of making a
loii^ loan that any inducement is held out to
parties to take these new bonds. Now, the
question fairly arises whether in this country
a large loan can be obtained for a less rate than
is proposed in this bill. After having given
some attention to the subject I do not believe
it is possible. Look abroad, where money is
at the rate for private purposes ordinarily of
not more than two and a half to four per cent,
per annum, and yet the average rates paid by
Governments are nearly five per cent, on na-
tional loans. In our own country there is
scarieiv any State in the Union where six per
cent." is not paid by private parties. In some
States, eight, ten, or even more. Is it to
be supposed that in this country, when very
large sums, sums in the aggregate of thousands
of millions of dollars, cau be obtained at less
rates than four, four and a half, and five per
cent.'? I do not believe it. By this bill only
$700,000,000 can be obtained at the rate of live
per coat., and of course, if more bonds are
negotiated, it must be either at four or four
and a half per cent. In my judgment, that is
as low as wc can, in the most prosperous times,
ever expect for many years to come, in a new
country like ours of such vast extent, with so
many opportunities for new enterprises, to bor-
row money. We cannot hope that the rate of
interest will fall below that. There will he full
employment of all the capital of the country
at better rates. Only on the ground thatwe
give better security than can be had elsewhere
is there any chance of the success of this loan.
1 am in favor of this measure because I be-
lieve it is wise, so fiiras the first section is con-
cerned; I believe it is practical. Ibelievethat
if we pass it we can induce those who now hold
our bonds to exchange them for the new bonds
at a lower rate of interest; and at all events, if
the parties who now hold bonds do not accept
our terms there will be found others who will.
If we are successful we shall certainly reduce
(he amount of interest that we are to pay, which
is far better, in .my judgment, than to raise
taxes. I hope, thereiore, that no amendment
will be made to this part of the bill.
Mr. OATTBLL. I said when I was last on
tiie floor that I very much preferred the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine to that of the
Senator from Missouri. I confess that the
argument of the Senator from Mame in favor
ot l he Government holding control of its loans
makes a decided impression on my mind : and
I should be X'ery glad to vote for the amend-
ment if I believed that funding would progress
under this bill with that amendment in it; but
believing, as I do, that it would arrest the'
progress of funding under the bill, 1 shall be
compelled to vote against it.
But, sir, I rose mairily for the purpose of
making a statement in regard to the condition
of our loans as bearing on this question. We
now have some two hundred and twenty mil-
lions of five per cent, bonds which the Gov-
ernment will have the option of redeeming at
the end of ten years from their date. We are
now within seven or eight years of the time
when the Government will have the right to
exercise that option. It occurs to me that
these $220,000,000 will be quite as much as
we shall be likely to pay off by the expiration
of ten years. In addition to that the bonds
of 1881, of which we have issued §291,000,000,
are really due and payable in thirteen years
from this time, which comes so close upon the
heels of the time fixed as the option by the
amendment of the Senator from Maine that it
seems to me it is not advisable t,o adopt it.
We have something like five hundred millions
of our debt falling within our power within
from eight to thirteen years; so that there will
be a sufficient amount of our obligations for us
to take up in that time under any conceivable
circumstances. For this reason I do not con-
sider the amendment of the Senator from
Maine so important as it would be if these cir-
cumstances did not exist. We shall have over
five hundred millions to take up, as I say,
nearly three hundred millions of which we
must pay in thirteen years, and we have an
option upon $220,000,000 more within eight
years; so that we shall have control of one.
fourth of the whole amount of our public
debt, by the terras of the bonds already out,
within a short period of time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ May not the 1881 bonds
be funded under this bill?
Mr. CATTELIj. I apprehend that there is
no probability that the holders of such bonds
having thirteen years to run, without any ques-
tion as to the payment of the principal in coin—
for that question has not been mooted at all
in regard to the 1881 bonds—will exchange
them for five per cent. That is the point of
difficulty I have in regard to this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But I suggest to my
friend that every law on such a subject as this
is prima facie intended to be a permanent
law. Suppose this law to be enacted and
stand upon the statute-book when you come
within a j'ear or two of the time when the 1881
bonds are positively payable, would it be a
strange thing if the holders should desire to
convert them into these bondsV If so, they
would be taken out of my friend's calculation.
Mr. CATTELL. Yes, sir; and my answer
to my friend from Maine is, that the Congress
of the United States I apprehend would be
ready to say that no such bargain could be
made under this law.
But, Mr. President, I only rose for the pur-
pose of saying that really I concur in the argu-
ment which the Senator from Maine adduces
in favor of the Government holding the con-
trollability of its loans, but that I believe, in
the language of the Senator from New Y-ork,
in private conversation a moment ago, that
this bill requires all the cork that is m it to
iloat it; and I am under the impression that
if you change its terms you will embarrass the
process of funding.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, in order to
make this funding proposal successful there
must be some inducement for men to take the
new bonds and give up the old ones. The
Senator from Maine holds that the present
five-twenties are payable in gold. The new
bonds are to be payable in gold, and no more.
What inducement can there be under hia prop-
osition to give up a six per cent, bond payable
in gold in fifteen years and take a five per
cent, bond payable in ten years? If you have
to present some inducement, to give some
advantage to the new bond over the old bonds,
what is it except the length of time you give
the new bond to run ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mis-
taken ; the six per cent, bonds are redeemable
to-day.
Mr. MORTON. Redeemable in gold only
according to the Senator's theory. If he would
adopt the idea that the.present bonds are pay-
able in legal-tender notes; I eouid understand
his proposition. But he now proposes to
exchange f'ov the present five-twenties, payable
in gold as he holds, new bonds drawing less
interest. '
Mr. FESSENDEN. It'does not depend
upon what I hold or upon what the Senator
from Indiana holds. It depends upon the im-
pression of the community with regard to the
value and nature of the paper._ 1 ma.y hold
that these bonds are payable in gold. The
Senator from Indiana may hold directly the
other way. A large portion of the community
does so hold. The Senator from Ohio, the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, has
intimated his opinion to that effect. Now, the
idea is that there is this doubt hanging over
tliem, not that it is positive one way or the
other.
Again, the five-twenty bonds, whether pay-
able in gold or payable in greenbacks, are
redeemable to-day if the Government had the
means of redeeming them. The time has
arrived ; the five years are out. Then there is
this difference: that they take a bond that the
Government "has no power to redeem to-day
and can only redeem in ten years at the shortest
period, but at the same time free from all the
doubts which now hang over the existing five-
twenties. That is the idea.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the way
that I think doubts ought to be solved where
they respect one of the parties to a contract is
for the party to declare frankly and honestly
where he stands upon that doubtful question;
and if there is any real doubt or any supposed
doubt as to what our obligation is, now that
we are making new terms with our creditors,
we ought to tell those creditors man-fashion
what we mean; we ought to tell them either
that we acknowledge what they understood to
be the fair construction and the real spirit of
our obligation when they lent us the money,
and therefore say we mean to pay in coin or its
equivalent; or that they were mistaken about it
if they had any such idea and that we mean to
pay them in a new promise to pay, what we
call a greenback, which does not bear any inter-
est, which is overdue on the face of it, and
which we decline to pay until we get ready.
We ought to be frank. I cannot endure the
idea of a great Government like the United
States, that claims to be the home of liberty
and of all sorts of people who have escaped
oppression and dishonesty everywhere else;
the place where the American eagle is the
greatest bird that floats, playing fast and loose
with its creditors when it is trying to make a
new loan, shakiifg a doubt at them instead of
telling them plainly one thing or the other on
that point. 1 do not think it is greatly to the
credit of the United States that we should
occupy such a position a great while. 1 am
happy to say that, as I understand it, the party
to which 1 belong has already got out of that
position.
But, sir, I rose for the purpose of saying a.
few words in reply to the honorable Senator
from Ohio on the question of how the five-
twenty bonds are payable. I am not going to
I weary the Senate by going over the wtiole
1 argument or mueh of the history, but in five
or ten minutes to come to the precise point on
which he conteuded that the five-twenties of
1862, as they are ordinarily called, are not
payable in coin, but are payable in currency,
aud to say that I think 1 cau show—as I was
about to say. to convince my iriend—that bo
is laboring under an error, i understand him
by his printed speech delivered on the 27th of
February, 18G8, to admit that down to the
passage of the act of Maruh 3, 1883, the true
construction of the act of February 25, 1882,
which was called the five-twenty act, was that
the bonds issued under that were fairly and
truly payable in coin.
