558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
and not to them alone, for the education and
skill of the European miner, in directing the
developments in Mexico and South America,
have contributed largely to the present supply
of the precious metals. Not only have these
scientific schools been conspicuous in their
contributions to the wealth, progress, and civ-
ilization of all modern nations, but the indi-
viduals educated there have monopolized the
first positions in science and art both in Europe
and America.
In Europe, either by custom or law, no one
occupies a responsible position in a mine, a
mint, or an assay office unless he is a regular
graduate of one of these institutions. If this
were only true of Europe it might be said to be
the effect of their forms of government. But
it is equally true in America, where everyiave-
nue of promotion is open to all. We find that
nearly all of our professors of science and art
have been educated abroad; and this is more
especially true in regard to those branches of
science which pertain to the treatment of pre-
cious medals. In the important and often most
lucrative places in our mints, in our assay
offices, in our refining and metallurgical estab-
lishments, in mining, in chemical manufacto-
ries, and in short in every department of
industry in which either the science of geology,
mineralogy, metallurgy or chemistry is involved,
we find experts educated in these German
schools. \\ e are mainly dependent upon their
learning and skill for success in these import-
ant branches of human industry.
Is it not a reproach to this great nation with
its unbounded mineral wealth that our people
should be dependent upon foreigners to teach
them the component parts of the most simple
formation of ore that can be dug from the
earth? Ought not our young men to be at
once placed in possession of the existing stock
of knowledge, so that they may start even in
the race of future exploration, discovery,
and invention in this important branch of
industry ? Is there anything in the peculiar
form of our Government that prohibits aid
from Congress ? It certainly cannot be found
in the Constitution. It was not so understood
during the early period of our history. In the
message of President Washington delivered
to both Houses of Congress on the 7th of
December, 1796, (Annals of Fourth Congress,
second session, page 1595,) the most cogent
argument is used in favor of a national uni-
versity for general education as well as of
a military academy. The Military Academy
was founded, the Naval School followed, and
our late war has demonstrated the wisdom of
these institutions. Other schemes have been
devised and largely endowed by Congress for
the promotion of knowledge among the people
and for various scientific purposes. There is
a Patent Office to secure the rights of inventors,
an Agricultural Department for the encourage-
ment of the farming interest, a Coast Survey,
Light-House Board, consular system, Bureau
of Statistics for the convenience of commerce
and navigation, a Bureau of General Educa-
tion for the collection and dissemination of
information as to the best modes of instruc-
tion—all supported by direct appropriations of
millions of dollars annually and,involving the
exercise of the same constitutional powers
required in the establishment of a national
school of mines.
I am not disposed to criticise what has
already been done in these respects further
than to suggest that some of these establish-
ments fail to subserve the purpose for which
they are intended; because, after all, instruc-
tion is a necessary element in any scheme or
plan for the dissemination of scientific inform-
ation among the people. It may well be
doubted whether the generous design of Mr.
Smithson in his liberal donation "for the in-
crease and diffusion of knowledge among
men" would not have been more faithfully
executed by the Government in the establish-
ment of a scientific school where men could
be taught and go forth to teach others and
enlighten the world than to have created an
institution of abstract philosophy having little
direct influence upon the practical concerns of
life, and treating of few subjects bearing upon
the material progress of the country. I need
not refer to the misdirection of the funds in
buildings or Arkansas bonds; it is sufficient
to say that this bequest has not been without
cost to the Government, involving direct appro-
priations from the Treasury. The expense of
the agricultural and other bureaus in the main-
tenance of a large number of employ6s, the
publication of useless books, in the cumber-
some business of sending damaged seeds and
other worthless articles through the mail, and
the general want of adaptation of means to
the desired ends, it is hoped will make Con-
gress hesitate before it consents to the estab-
lishment of any more bureaus for the dissemi-
nation of knowledge.
At first I supposed that some encouragement
might be given to mining through the instru-
mentality of a bureau and introduced a bill for
that purpose, but after consultation with the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Conness] I was in-
duced to examine the question more thoroughly,
and became fully satisfied that any institution of
the kind located at Washington would be wholly
useless if not positively injurious to the mining
interests; expensive to the Government in
sending large masses of ores and specimens of
rocka through the mail, and annoying to the
miners in misrepresenting the real condition
of affairs. I therefore abandoned the project.
But in this connection it is sufficient for my
purpose that Congress has repeatedly aided
similar designs—sometimes wisely and some-
times unwisely. I believe always wisely when
it has aided institutions of instruction. There
have been no mistakes made in that direction.
The blundering has been in new schemes and
new plans without the light of practical expe-
rience to guide the way. In perfecting and
carrying into execution the plan for a national
school of mines now under consideration we
have as model institutions those of Freiberg,
Clausthal, Schemnitz, and others in Europe,
based upon centuries of experience and all
supported by Government aid.
The bill proposes to appropriate the bullion
tax of one half of one per cent, for the endow-
ment of the school. During the first fiscal
year commencing July, 1868, the whole tax,
amounting to about two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars, is to be used. This will
be sufficient to erect buildings and procure
the necessary fixtures and apparatus for the
commencement of operations ; after which
one half is to be used for the current ex-
penses of the institution, the other to be
invested in Government securities until the
interest on the accumulation shall be sufficient
to defray expenses, when it is anticipated the
mining tax will cease. It would not be unrea-
sonable or unwise to support such an institu-
tion by direct Government aid, regardless of
any special tax; and it certainly cannot be
regarded a.ian improper expenditure of public
money to divert this bullion tax in the man-
ner proposed. The tax itself is unjust and
oppressive. The collection of such a tax is
absolutely injurious to the Government. It
may be confidently asserted that the Govern-
ment loses far more by the effects of the
decreased yield than the small amount col-
lected from this source. It is a tax upon pro-
duction where the producers are more heavily
taxed than any other occupation. Food, cloth-
ing, machinery, chemicals, and mining sup-
plies generally are heavily taxed at the most
convenient markets. But owing to the remote
and isolated regions, generally in the midst
of mountains or deserts, in which the mines
are situated, great delays. are occasioned and
enormous freights added to the original cost,
until the accumulation of costs, taxes, and
expenses become almost ruinous.
But the most oppressive feature of the tax
is its great inequality. Dividend and non-
dividend paying mines are taxed alike upon
their gross proceeds. The latter, by far the
most numerous and producing much tllfe larger
portion of the aggregate yield, are wholly unable
to pay. This is a tax upon unproductive
effort—a tax upon the privilege of using money
at a loss for the purpose of developing a mine.
It increases the hazard, and although small
yet it does actually hasten the day of final dis-
aster. The Government must have gold and
silver, and it is very impolitic to embarrass
honest effort engaged in its production.
The want of a mining school, however, is so
severely felt that if this tax could be applied
in the manner proposed, so as to render sub-
stantial benefits and increase the yield of the
mines, the compensation thus afforded would
so far exceed the inconvenience of the burden
that it would be borne with patience. If it
should afterward seem oppressive and Con-
i gress should become satisfied that no tax
ought to be levied for any purpose upon the
product of the mines it could be removed and
the institution sustained by a direct appropri-
ation.
The location of the school on the line of the
Pacific railroad as near the center of the min-
1 ing region as practicable is a wise provision.
Science and practice must be combined. There
is great advantage in studying nature in her
own laboratory.
It would be no more inconvenient to study
navigation on a desert than mining where no
mines exist. In either case some theory might
be learned ; but it would be regarded as haz-
ardous to trust a commander graduated a such
a maritime school, excluded from all naviga-
ble waters, to cross the Atlantic in charge of a
steamship with freight and passengers; but he
would be quite as well qualified as an educated
mining engineer who had never seen a mine
to take in hand the development of a mineral
vein.
The management of the institution by aboard
of directors appointed by each mining State
and Territory will secure an honest and vigor-
ous administration of its affairs. No provis-
ion is made for salaries or traveling expenses
of these directors, for it is anticipated that the
States and Territories sending tnem, being so
directly interested, will not only provide for
this trifling expense of their respective dele-
gates, but that they, will be extremely guarded in
the selection of suitable persons. These direct-
ors, besides representing the miners and being
responsible to the miners as constituents,
will also bring to the common center much
local information collected in their several
districts; and by a thorough interchange of
views in the discharge of their official duties
will be enabled to impart valuable information
to the people whom they represent.
It is also expected that the institution will at
all proper times be open to visitors and the
examination of persons sent from any other
State or any institution of learning therein.
The professors, teachers, and officers are to be
appointed by the board, and subject to removal
only for cause. The board of directors shall
organize the school under such rules and reg-
ulations as they may deem proper, after having
examined a report of the various mining schools
of Europe, from which they may either select
models or adopt suggestions. The plans for
the buildings, <£c., are to be prepared by the
Secretary of the Treasury on the most econom-
ical principles; and he is to require of the dis-
bursing officers such bonds and vouchers as he
may deem necessary.
■  Tuition is to be free, and all other expenses
are to be paid by the students themselves. No
charge will be made for assays, tests, or metal-
lurgical or other experiments except to cover
the actual cost of the materials used. Teach-
ers under the direction of the president of the
school must make annual visits to the principal
mining districts accompanied by their respect-
ive classes for the purpose of examining tho
mines, mills, and modes of working, and in-
structing the pupils in the practical operations
of mining and metallurgy; and the professors
and teachers shall also, as far as their time will
permit, give free lectures to the miners on geol-
ogy, mineralogy, metallurgy, mining, engineer-
