1868.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
40th Costs....2d Sess.
Taxation of Government Bonds—Mr. Builer.
Ho. or Ebps.
five per cent., but ten per cent, is repudiation
and a breach of national faith. Why do we
pat our mark of taxation on incomes at ten
per cent, and five on other incomes derived
from bonds? It is because it is both states-
manlike and just to discriminate, as all nations
do, and as in our present tax acts, and wedo dis-
criminate against that property which is of the
highest value and makes the largest returns.
How else do we sustain ourselves in taxing so
highly whisky and tobacco, petroleum and other
like articles of great profit ? It is because the
largest returns for the amount invested may be
got from them. The bonds have two other
elements of value which would justify a higher
tax than another investment; they arc more
certain and more safe and stable than other
investments. That is one ground upon which
we are able to sustain ourselves in our rate of
taxation.
There is another reason why Government
bonds should be taxed higher upon theirineome
than other property. These investments have
already doubled in value. Eight tenths of
them were bought since the battle of Gettys-
burg, after the war was substantially settled,
many of them with gold at 250 to 285 premium,
costing from thirty-five to thirty-seven cents on
the dollar. They have now gone up with gold
at 140 only, and bonds at 113 to 118 premium.
The property, therefore, itself has doubled.
As an investment these have proved profitable
to all; and is there any reason why they should
not be taxed according to their value and
profitableness. If the bondholder gets twice as
much income from his investment as another
person does from his, then is there any reason
why he should not pay twice as much, too ?
It is said I am mistaken ; that the bonds do
not sell at so high a price. Has any gentle-
man a price-current list? Let me see what
bonds are to-day.
A Member. Here is to-day's Tribune.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That will
do. To-day the highest were 113^. That is
one kind. Then 108,], 108y, and 108/;: that
is for six per cent, bonds! Here we see before
us a cogent reason for taxing these at a higher
rate, thus discriminating against them.
But that is not all. These bonds of the Gov-
ernment are the only class of property which
escapes taxation, State, municipal, and local.
Ai 1 other property a man owns upon earth in this
country has to pay from one to two per cent.
State and local tax. This one escapes all tax-
ation, State and municipal, under the law.
Nor am I to be told that because we promised
not to allow the State ani^count-ies to tax these
bonds that therefore we are never to tax the
income derivable from them, taking into view
in so doing their extreme profitableness to the
holder, because of this and other reasons? No,
sir, I propose to keep faith with bondholders
and uphold this promise, but as a legislator of
the United States 1 may exercise my discretion
to put them upon equal terms as to taxation
with other property in the United States. Ihe
exemption from State taxation was not intended
as a boon to the bondholder simply. It was an
exercise of the sovereignty of the nation. And
this exemption cannot interfere with our sov-
ereignty over this and kindred questions. e
may equalize taxation on this property by
bringing it on a par as to burden and impost
with other property. That rests m our dis-
cretion alone. . _
What is ten par cent, on the income. On
five per cent bonds, five tenths of one percent,
that is all. All we propose to tax this property
thus exempted from all other taxes, duties, or
imposts is one sixth of one per cent, on six per
cent, bonds, and five tenths of one per cent on
five per cent, bonds. And the difficulty which
press.* me in this regard is that Dy so small a
iax we do not. in the language of the Chicago
platform, equalize taxation. Our pioposition
by no means brings this property up to an
equal .duire of the burdens of taxation.
It is urged we must not impose this tax be-
cause it would be unjust to the banks; that
they own large amounts of these bonds with
which to secure their circulation upon which
they pay a large tax. The Comptroller of the
Currency in his report to Congress undertakes
to argue this question in behalf of the banks.
I wish to call the attention of the House to
that argument. We had a right to ask at least
that a high financial officer of the Government
should not attempt to mislead us by a mistaken
array of figures, manipulated to serve a pur-
pose, but not to furnish information.
If it shall prove that the Comptroller, an
officer of the people, perverts or falsifies data
and amounts, and conceals facts of interest to
the people which ought to be known to them,
I ask you what faith you will put in a public
officer who misstates, for the purpose of mis-
leading, plain facts and figures?
I take my figures from the Comptroller's
report, so that he is responsible for their cor-
rectness. The fact is, therefore, that on ths
1st day of October, 1867, the national banks
had in circulation in round numbers say $300,-
000,000. Three hundred million dollars secured
by a deposit of §340,000,000 in United States
bonds, bearing five and six per cent, interest
in gold, to the amount of $19,500,000. Now,
assuming that these bonds cost the banks par
in currency, they yearly receive interest from
the Government in gold at forty-one premium,
amounting to $27,395,000 in lawful money.
Besides for this deposit the banks receive from
the Government three hundred millions of
money without any interest, which they loan
at bank interest, say eight per cent., and thus
in fact receive twenty four millions more, mak-
ing in all §51,395,000, which they receive from
the Government for a loan of 8340,000,000
only, or more than fifteen per cent, on their
investment.
This pays no income tax, however. It is
true that the bunks pay other taxes on their
busiuess capital and dividends, as well to the
General Government as to the States ; but they
pay the same and no more iu proportion for
their privileges than do other people.
How docs the Comptroller of the Currency
state these plain figures in arguing the case for
the banks ? Admitting that the banks receive
$19,500,000 from the United States, he states
the case thus:
The banksliaveloanedtheGovernment, asfollows:
For bonds deposited to secure tlieir circulation-bear-
ing sit; per cent, interest...... Affirm
Bearing five per cent, interest.   .W,000,000
Permanent reserve of legal tendeis   jju.uuu.uuu
Total loan to the United States ^90,000,000
For which they receive—
Six per cent interest on $250,009,000. 
Five per eont interest on 'o90,000,000  4,o00,000
 5-19,500,000
But tlicj' refund in taxes   Iti.QQO.OOO
Leaving   &S.500,(
Now, in this statement there are several very
gross mistakes, calculated to mislead.
First. The "permanenlreserveof legal tend-
ers'' are held by the bankers in interest-bear-
ing notes of the United States, formerly largely
in compound-interest six per cent, notes, so
that they are always on interest, and the Comp-
troller gives no credit for that interest. ^ \\ uy
not. if he means to stfte the case fairly ?
Second. The $19,500,000 interest which the
banks receive is in gold, while the $10,000,000
they refund in taxes (which, by the way, are the
same everybody else pays for his capita! ana
business) is in currency, which ot itseli wouiu
make a difference with gold at forty-one per
cent, premium of $11,395,000 in favor of the.
banks and against the Government- How could
the Comptroller overlook such an item as that
if he meant to be fair and just in his state-
ments? ,
Third. Worse than all, the Comptiolicr .or-
gets to state the $24,000,000 at least of inter-
est which the banks receive on the greenbacks
which they get back as currency from the
Government without interest. With these so
patent omissions and misstatements am ;I not
justified in saying that, the argument of the
Comptroller of the Currency, put forth iu be-
half of the banks to enable them to execute
further taxation, is at once illusory and delu-
sive, and yet it is the best argument that can
be made in their behalf.
Shall we, therefore, stay our hand in equal-
izing taxation because of the bonds held by tho
banks on which they make such large profits?
Clearly not. They should come under a just
income tax with the rest of the people on the
bonds the United States hold in trust to secure
their circulation. I have not time to elaborate
the argument as I might do as to the profits
made upon Government deposits in the banks,
and the necessity and justice of an income tax
on the bonds held to secure those. The con-
siderations which apply with equal force to that
class of bonds held by the banks as to the other
will at once suggest themselves to every intel-
ligent and just mind.
I think, however, I may safely say further,
that the most far-seeing bankers^ will them-
selves agree with me that it were far better for
the holders of the bonds, whether corporations
or individuals, that there should be a just and
equal tax assessed upon their incomes in pro-
portion to their profits, for no business or
financial interest can long contend against a
people feeling itself aggrieved by an apparent
injustice and inequality in the execution of the
laws.
Is it not unjust to other tax-payers to leave
these bonds without taxation either on princi-
pal or interest, and if they are so leit long
there can be but one result. A man having
ten thousand or one hundred thousand dollars'
worth of property, and taxed thereon for State
and national purposes iu various forms two
per cent, on his income, which may not be
more than six or seven, will not long stand
quietly by and see his neighbor with the same
amount invested in bonds, on which he is receiv-
ing nine per cent, interest, pay, in fact, no
interest whatever; because he knows, as all of
us know, that so long as the incomes on bonds
are taxable on the conscience of the holder
only, the coupons being passed from hand to
hand when they are collected, the owners ot
all this class of property escape taxation.
Let me briefly sketch another illustration oi
this inequality of taxation which actually hap-
pened in my own neighborhood. There is a,
farmer owning a farm worth $10,000, upon
which he does hard work enough every year to
earn the support which he is able to give bis
family from his farm were he a mechanic.
That farmer pays a tax to the State ul $180,
in various forms of State, county, aud town
taxes, to support schools and highways; ,aod
to the Government he pays, directly and indi-
rectly, a tax of $200 more. His net returns
from his farm are less than $1,000. He lias a
neighbor living near by him owning $100,000
of the bonds of the Government on which he
receives as interest $9,000 a year, on which no
dollar of State, county, town, school, or high-
way taxes is paid. The farmer as he toils un-
der the burning sun to earn the money to pay
his taxes sees his neighbor riding^ luxuriously
by in his carriage over the highway which
farmers' taxes only have built and maintained.
His neighbor's children and his o>vn go to the
same school supported by his taxes alone. He
ponders, as he labors, upon the system ot laws,
which thus compels him to work to pay lor tiie
education of his wealthy neighbor s children,
and as he reflects he will convince himself that
he is suffering a bitter, burning wrong, aud no
areiftaeat will convince him to the eontiui j. ,
then, you expect that farmer to io s un an}
man or party that retains a system of .axation
which works such results, you expect vvnat never
