1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
1943
was written, if the game power that can make
the laws can also give the interpretation to
the laws—I mean the interpretation which shall
bind the Government and the other Depart-
ments. If there be any one judicial power
which is clear it is that the expounding of
either the statutes passed by Congress or of
the Federal Constitution is vested, as a final
resort, in the judiciary of the United States.
Do not suppose for a moment, Mr. President,
that I mean to contend that Congress cannot
in the first instance pass a law for effecting any
particular object that it believes to be within
its powers. I do not for a moment deny that. It
may pass the statute; butit must undergo the
ordeal afterward of judicial scrutiny to determ-
ine whether it is in excess of power or not, and
that must be before a judicial body. It must
first meet, according to the checks of the Con-
stitution, the negative of the President. That
may be overcome by a vote of two thirds. If
it is so overcome, then the question, not whether
it is an abuse of power, but whether it is ultra
vires, is necessarily a judicial question; and
the Constitution is a nullity unless you have
that system of checks upon the exercise of
authority by the legislative body.
Congress passing a law under what they sup-
pose to be the powers confided to them by the
Constitution to effect any particular object,
and Congress undertaking to give an interpret-
ation to the Constitution by legislative act,
are different things. The latter is exactly the
frame of this bill. The language is, that cer-
tain words " shall be held and construed" to
have a certain meaning. What is that but
judicial action and judicial interpretation of
the Constitution V It is proposed to hold and
declare that the word "adjournment" in the
Constitution shall have the meaning of "ad-
journment sine dieor " adjournment for the
session." Where does the authority exist in
the Congress of the United States to prescribe
that construction? The question must, after
all, come before the courts of the country.
Sir, in the State of Massachusetts, which in
her domestic affairs has always, in practice as
well as in theory, rigidly adhered to this great
principle of the subdivision of the three great
powers of government into separate hands, I
find that this question has arisen. Many other
States have the same provision. .They have
there a provision different from our Constitu-
tion. We have no such provision, but we have
the judicial power vested in the Supreme Court,
and the provision of our Constitution is that
when a case arises which involves the rights
of individuals the courts must necessarily pass
in that case upon the constitutionality of the
law under which those rights are claimed or
by which those rights are infringed. But in
Massachusetts they have a clause in their con-,
stitution which authorizes the Legislature, or
either branch, to refer to the judiciary, with-
out the necessity of having a case arise, ques-
tions of construction for decision. If it em-
bodied in it, which, for aught I know, it may
do there, any direction that the question should
be argued before the court, I should think it a
most valuable and wise provision, and should
regret that it did not exist in every State in
the Union. It appears that what is called the
constabulary law of Massachusetts was vetoed
by the Governor, and on the 21st of February,
last month, an order passed the Legislature
referring the question to the supreme court as
to whether the Governor's veto of the State
constabulary law was void, the veto not having
been sent within five days after the law was
repealed, as required by the constitution of the
State. That is orderly. That adheres to the
division of powers. That shows that in her
domestic constitution Massachusetts, as every
State in this Union should do, adheres to the
division of powers between the different de-
partments as essential characteristics of a free
Government. On what principle is it, because
a provision does not exist in the Federal Con-
stitution by which you may refer this case to the
Supreme Court, that you shall undertake to
prescribe by law what the Supreme Court shall
decide when a case does come before it? Is
that within your appropriate functions? Is it
not the assumption by Congress of a power
clearly not granted to them, of mere naked
judicial power, the expounding of the intent
and meaning of a clause of the Federal Con-
stitution ?
Mr. President, but for this second question
I should not have troubled the Senate with any
remarks upon this bill; because if the Consti-
tution had chosen to provide that the Presi-
dent should have ten days to return a bill, and
might return it to the Secretary of the Senate
or Clerk of the House of Representatives if
either House was not in session at the expira-
tion of the ten days, I do not think there could
have been any great difference as regards re-
sults. The only difference that could have
occurred would have been that it would deprive
Congress of the power of immediate action upon
an executive veto, which I should consider
wrong. I prefer the Constitution as it is; but
[ do not think it would be of so much import-
ance if it had not been that this bill under-
takes to give a construction to the Constitution
which is a naked assumption of judicial power.
Can it be, Mr. President, that I am not right
in the estimate of the distinction between
free government and despotism? Surely, it
must be clear to every man that if the right to
make the laws, and the right to expound the
laws, and to expound the authority under
which those laws are made, rest in one and
the same body, whether it be an aggregate
body or one single individual, of course it is
no government of law, because he can give to
that instrument such construction as he sees
fit; and even the division between legislative
and executive power would not make it a free
Government if you had not also the judicial
power vested in a non-political body. Those
three great divisions have been adopted in
every State in the Union; and there would be
far less risk, it would be much more improba-
ble in the progress of a State that such inva-
sions should take place, than, with the much
greater powerin the Federal Government, that
such occurrences, owing to the ambition of
men, should take place here. It matters noth-
ing as against my argument whether a power
is assumed by an aggregate body or whether it
is assumed by a single individual. In either
case free government is at an end. When the
power to expound and give construction to the
laws that are made by the legislative authority
is also vested in the legislative body, and they
are to decide on the extent to which that
power is vested in the body, whether it is
claimed and exercised by a Congress or by a
President, the country in which such a doctrine
exists is no longer a Government of laws and a
free country.
If, as I stated, I am wrong in my view of
the law and the committee are right in their
construction, there is no difficulty. If a case
has occurred—which I understand to be so,
without referring to the particulars of it—
there can be no difficulty about jt. If any
party's rights are infringed, if this be a true
construction of the Constitution and the bill
has become a law, the non-promulgation of it
by the Secretary of State does not make it less
a law. His authority is purely ministerial.
He has but a single discretion as to the num-
ber of papers in which he will publish the
laws, no more. If he does not publish a law
which has been really passed, beyond all ques-
tion the courts can get at the facts if any indi-
vidual's rights are infringed and the party
chooses to bring it before the courts. There
is no difficulty in ascertaining the facts, and
the court would hold it to be a law if it was a
law, although the Secretary of State might not
have chosen to publish it, whether from inad-
vertence or misconception would be imma-
terial. No such power is confided to him.
On the contrary, if be were to publish as a
law that which had never been passed accord-
ing to the forms and principles of the Consti-
tution and was not in fact a law; or,^ if you
please, if he were to publish a law which was
unconstitutional, in excess of the powe^ of the
legislative body, that would not make it a law.
It would do this: the publication would be
prima facie evidence on presentation to a
court of the existence of the law; that is all;
but the law would be open to inquiry. It
would be open to inquiry as to whether the
law had passed, if there was any fraud in
reference to the publication or any suppres-
sion of facts. The courts have competent
power to get at the facts in either case; the
question is purely judicial; and no matter
whether this bill passes or not, necessarily, if
the right of any individual was infringed under
an act of Congress he would go before the
courts for an adjudication. And as to any
future case you cannot make a bill a law, if
my construction of the Constitution is right,
when the President has not returned it because
the House in which it originated was not in
session on the last day limited to him within
which his objections are to be made.
I submit, Mr. President, that the legislation
contemplated by this bill is unnecessary be-
cause as to past acts they must go before the
courts in order to raise the question of con-
struction, and our construction cannot control
the courts ; as to the future, it is the assump-
tion of judicial power to attempt to prescribe to
the courts the mode in which they shall read
the Federal Constitution and the construction
which they shall give to it. I hold, therefore,
that the construction given by the committee
is erroneous as regards the structure of the
Constitution itself, that it is not what the Con-
stitution contemplated, and further, whether I
be right or not in that objection, that it is a
question for the courts of the United States to
decide, that it is a plain, naked assumption of
judicial power for Congress to undertake to
prescribe the definition or the construction of
the Federal Constitution, one that in this case
may involve no danger whatever—it is very
small in that respect—but one which in its gen-
eral principle, if carried out in action, leaves
the people of this country under a legislative
despotism.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. House bill
No. 900, being the unfinished business of yes-
terday, is now before the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPuebsox, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills ; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 331) to facilitate the pay-
ment of soldiers' bounties under the act of
18GG; and
A bill (H. R. No. 731) to authorize Charles
Grafton Page to apply for and receive apatent.
TEST-OATH IN GEORGIA.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate a communication
from General Grant which was omitted at the
proper time.
The Secretary read as follows:
Headquarters Army of the United States,
washington, January 11,1868.
Sir: I have tlic honor to inclose herewith copy of
a telegram received trom Major General George G.
Meade, commanding third military district.
Very respeetiully your obedient servant,
U. S. GRANT, General.
lion. U. P. Wade, President of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. JOHNSON. What
is it ?
The Secretary read the telegram, as follows:
[Copy cipher telegram roecivcdten p. m.]
Prom Atlanta, Georgia, January 12,1868.
General IT. S. Gr.yxt:
Unless the pending bill m Congress directing mili-
tary commanders to fill all the offices in ttio State
under their command rescinds the test-oath and pro-
vides for selection from qualified voters, I am in-
formed its execution in this district will be entirely
impracticable. GEOIXGE O. MEADE,
Major General.
IIeadqcaktees Abut United States,
January 13,1868.
Official: GEORGE K, LEET,
Assistant Adjutant General,
