1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3991
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir. My friend will
allow me to state my position. I said thatthe
question would never have been raised under
(he act of February 25, 18G2. That law spe-
cifically declared that the United States notes
should be a legal tender in payment of all
debts, public and private ; but it also said that
the amount to be issued under that act should
not exceed $150,00y,000. I put the question
to him for his answer, if no law had ever been
passed changing the act of February 25, 1862,
as to the limitation of the amount of green-
backs, has he any doubt that under that act
these $150,000,000 of greenbacks would have
been a legal tender for the principal of the
debt issued under that act? 1 liave not any.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When the Senator entered
upon this discussion on the 27th February last,
I endeavored by a colloquial debate to come
to a precise understanding with him upon this
very point; but after one or two interruptions,
my friend from Ohio declined to be interrupted
further, and went oil with his speech, in which
lie said, referring to the position that I had
taken in some previous observations:
" I anticipate the argtimentand wish again to refer
to the act of February25.1852. Thisact further pro-
vides that the amount of" legal tende s shall be lim-
ited to $lf0,000.0U0. It also provides that the hoMers
ot'these legal tenders may at any time convert them
into five-twenty bonds, the very bonds wo are now
discussing; and the second section goes on and pro-
vides for tho issue of tho>e bonds. If those bonds
had been issued and negotiated solely under the act
of February 25, 18(32, it would have been irresist-
ible lojic that it was not coutemolated that the
i-500 000 000 authorized by this act should be paid r^ith
$150,000,030 legal tenders, themselves convertible
into bonds. But here is^ the weakness of tho argu-
ment. in my opinion, of ruy friend from Vermont;
no bonds were issued under that act."
Nov/, Mr. President, so far I am capable of
understanding the force of language, tlie plain
meaning of what the honorable Senator said—-
I believe I have read enough to show that that
was his point under that act—was that under
the act of February 25, 1862, standing by itself
and until subsequent legislation had altered it,
the logic was irresistible that these bonds were
not, payable in the very notes that by the terms
of the act itself were to be converted into the
bonds. If therefore they were not payable in
these notes, but were payable in dollars, as on
the face of them they said they were, I take it
the argument becomes irresistible that by force
of that act the legislation as it then stood they
were payable in eoin. Now, how does my friend
escape that ? He escapes from it by the asser-
tion of a matter of fact that no bonds were
issued under that act. Now, let us see how
that lact is. Being somewhat surprised at that
statement of my honorable friend, because
having been one of the people when these
bonds were negotiated, and seen them issued
from day to day, and having had something to
do with inducing the people in my part of the
country to take them, 1 always noticed that
when the bonds came to the bank or express
oSice, and were taken out and circulated, they
said on the face of them that they were issued
under the act of February 25, 1862, and the
people believed it, and I believed it. Believ-
ing so I was somewhat astonished at the state-
ment of my friend and I addressed an inquiry
to the Secretary of the Treasury on the sub
jeet, as to when these respective bonds were
issued, and 1 received this reply :
Tkeasuky Depaktment, March 10,1868.
Sm : I have the honor to inclose herewith, in
compliance with your request, the information de-
sired in regard to the amount of subscriptions at the
periods designated to the loan of February 25,1862.
Also, canceled copy of $500 coupon bond of first
series of said issue. The bonds of subsequent issues
were precisely similar to tho one inclosed except in
the number of coupons attached.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant
11. McOUJuuUOri, ^
Secretary.
Hon. G. 3?. Edmunds, United States Senate.
Subscriptions 1f>" the loan of February 25,1862.
Previous to MurchJS. 1863   ............ S26.275.150
Between March 3,1863, and June 30,1864, 484,o0o,3o0
Between June 30,1861, and April 12, 1868. 4,000,1'OO
  $514,780,500
Mr. SHERMAN. How much after the 11th
of July. 1862 ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iam not able to state at
this moment. Here is the form of a bond, the
thing itself that the people saw and paid for
and took, issued prior to the 3d of March, 1863,
and during that period of time when, accord-
ing to the construction that, as I understand
the Senator himself in his speech of the 27th
of February last, gave to theact of February
25, 1802, it was payable in coin.
The United States of America are indebted unto
 , or bearer, in the sum of $500, redeemable
at the pleasure of the United States after tho 30th of
April, 1867, and payable on the 1st day of May, 1882,
with interest from the Istday of May,1862, inclusive,
at six per cent, per annum, payable on tho 1st days
of May and November, in each year, on presentation
of the proper coupon hereunto annexed.
This debt is authorized by the act of Congress
approved February 25,1862.
L. E. CIIITTE\TDE>r,
Kegwter of the Treasury.
Washington, May 1,1862.
With the seal of the Treasury I hold in my
hand another of these bonds of 1862 issued
after March 3, 1888, which, according to the
argument of my friend from Ohio is payable in
currency, and not in coin, as the first one is
according to his own confession, as I under-
stand his speech:
The United States of America aro indebted unto
 , or bearer, in the sum of $500, redeemable
at tho pleasure of tho United States atter tho 30th of
April, 1867, and payable on the 1st day of May, 1882,
with interest from the 1st day of May, 1862, inclusive,
at six per cent, per annum, payable on tho 1st days
of May am] November, in each year, on the presenta-
tion of tho proper oupon hereunto annexed.
This debt is authorized by tho act of Congress
approved February 25, 1862.
Washington, May 1,1862.
And signed and sealed as before it would be
a little difficult for the common people, the
widows, the farmers, the mechanics, even the
bankers, or the lawyers who are supposed to
understand statutes in the course of business,
to understand when these papers were being
put out in this form, that one of them was issued
under the act of 1862, and was payable in coin,
and that the other was issued in some other
way, and was not so payable, when both of
them bore on their face precisely the same
terms, payable in precisely the same way, and
were, as 1 will now show, issued solely under
the iffct of 1862 and no other act.
My friend still maintains that the act of
March 3, 1863, operated to repeal the act of
1862, authorizing the issue of these bonds,
and provided a new authority for issue, a
new regulation for the mode of issue. If that
were true, and these bonds were really issued
under the act of the 3d of March, 1863, as the
act that authorized their issue, then the bonds
should have said so on their face, and the peo-
ple having them would have been referred to
the law, and would have been bound to take
the law at their own risk as to what the form
and legal effect of the promise was. But what
did the act of 1863 say touching these bonds ?
That act was to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue certain ten-forty bonds, as
they are called, and certain Treasury notes,
and the last part of the third section provided
as follows:
"And so much of tho act4 to authorize the issue of
United States notes and for other purposes,' ap-
proved February 25,1862, and of the 'act to author-
ize an additional issue of United,Statesnotes and for
other purposes,' approved July 11,1862, as restricts
the negotiation of bonds to market value is hereby
repealed. And tho holders of the United Statesnotes
issued under and by virtue of said acts, shallpreaent
the same for the purpose of exchanging the same for
bonds, as therein provided, on or betoro the 1st day
of July, 1863, and thereafter tho right so to exchange
the same shall cease and determine."
All that the act of 1863 professed to do,
giving it the broadest scope, was, as to the
issue of these bonds, as to the authority of the
Secretary of the Treasury to put them forth to
the country to anybody that would take them,
simply to repeal the limitation which had been
before imposed on him that he should sell
them at market value. The previous act had
imposed or. him a certain restriction as to tho
price he was to get for the paper. The act of
1863 repealed that restriction, and left the act
of 1862 in every other respect in force, furnish-
ing the sole and only authority that ever existed
to that time, or ever has existed since, for the
issue of a single dollar of these bonds. There-
fore the honorable Senator from Ohio is mis-
taken in supposing that these bonds were not
issued under the act of 1862. If they were
not issued under the act of 1862 they were
issued in violation of law, because 'the act of
1863 does not profess to authorize them to be
issued at all; it professes to authorize the
issue of another and different class and char-
acter of bonds, called ten-forty bonds, and
refers to the act of 1862, as I have said, not to
affect the authority to issue or the nature of
the contract, or tho character or redeemability
of the bonds, but merely speaking to its own
agent it informed him that he need not hold
them up to a certain price as he had done
before; and that is all it contains.
My friend says with an air of plausibility
thatiu the mean time,on the 11th of July, 1862,
an act was passed which authorized the increase
of the legal tenders adding another $150,000,-
000 and that therefore the public must have
been supposed to know that what was before
the real and true construction of the act of
February 25, 1862, had been changed by that.
How did it change it? It did not profess to
change it; it only said that so many legal
tenders shall be issued, and being issued the
act of February 25,1862, operatedupon them,
also, as making them convertible into the same
kind of bonds that had been authorized to be
issued before ; and how if it did were the pub-
lic to know that ? They were referred when
these bonds were issued, to the act of February
25, 1862. The regulations and the law require
that each bond shall show under what author-
ity it is issued. The people were referred on
looking at the bond to the act on which the
bond was based, the act of February 25, 1862,
and no other act. Looking, then, from the
bond which directed them where to find the
authority of law to show the true nature and
authority of the contract, it was the act of
February 25,1862. The act declared the form
in which these bonds should be issued and
when they should be payable, and it declared
that all the gold and silver received from cus-
toms should be set aside as a sacred fund to
pay them and that the legal tenders that the
law had provided for should be convertible
into them instead of their being payable in
legal tenders.
Looking to that act, my friend from Ohio,
as I understand him from this speech—it is
not capable of any other construction-—looking
to that act, I understand from this speech
which is in print before me that the holders
of these bonds would have been justified by
an irresistible logic in supposing that they
were to receive their pay in money. That is
all I have to say.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only want to make one
or two remarks in, reply to the Senator from
Vermont, because as the question he has
debated is not involved in this bill I think it
ought not to be discussed now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Pardon me, my friend
opened the discussion himself on this bill by
reiterating his opinions on these points.
Mr. SHERMAN. I still reiterate those
opinions j and all 1 have to say in reply to the
honorable Senator is that not a single bond
was issued under the act of the 25th of Feb-
ruary, 1862, until that act was changed in
material and important provisions. 1 know
that fact, and now call upon the Senator to
answer rne whether a single bond was issued
under the act of February 25,1862, until after
the passage of the act of July 11, 1862, whether
he knows of any?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know whether
it was so or not., because on looking at the
Senator's speech, and endeavoring to get the
information which would apply to his speech,
1 understood him to refer to the act of March
3, 1863, as an act which repealed some part of
the act of February 25, 1862 ; but it seems, on
looking at it, that the act of 1863, as well as
