1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2967
■to have an opportunity to look at it; and cer-
tainly the Judiciary Committee ought to have
an opportunity to examine it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust it will not be
adopled without our having an opportunity to
examine it and compare it with the bill under
consideration more carefully than we can do
by hearing it read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the amendment
will be withdrawn for the present.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not order it to be
printed?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it ought to be
printed if the bill is to go over until to-morrow.
If the Senator from Oregon would withdraw
the amendment for the present, at any rate,
and let an order be made to print, we could
go on with other amendments, and he can offer
it again if he thinks it proper to do so. I have
had no opportunity to compare it with the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am willing to pursue
any course that will accommodate Senators
and expedite business. If there is any way to
ever reach a vote on this bill, I am willing to
accede to any suggestion for that purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest that the amend-
ment be withdrawn and that an order be made
to print it at once, so that it may go to the
printer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the
amendment to the amendment withdrawn?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, let an order be
made to print it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be entered if there is no objection.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to have the
order to print include the amendment that I
originally offered. [" Certainly.'1]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
to print will be considered as covering both
amendments, if there be no objection.
Mr. HOWARD. I now move to amend sec-
tion two of the substitute reported by the com-
mittee by striking out ill lines four and five the
words "in the opinion of the Governor-elect,"
and by striking out in lines seven and eight
the words " may be convened within thirty days
after the passage of this act by the Governor-
elect of such State," and inserting " shall con-
vene at the end of twenty days from tlie time
this act lakes effect unless the Governor-elect
shall sooner convene the same so as to make
the section read:
That if the day fixed for the meeting of tlie Legis-
lature of either of said States by the constitution
thereof shall have passed, or have so nearly arrived
before tile pass.ise of this act that there shall not be
time foi the Legislature to assemble at the time fixed
lay the constitution of such State, such Legislature
shall convene at the end of twenty days from the-time
tins act takes effect, unless the Governor-elect shall
sooner convenc the same.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say in regard to
that amendment that I have no authority to
accept it for the committee; but it makes the
section more speciiic, and individually I have
no objection to it.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I now move to amend the
third section by striking out in lines three and
four the words " the President of the United
States shall officially proclaim the due ratihca-
tion," and inserting ''such State shall;' by
striking out in line four the word "of and.insert-
ing "duly ratifyby strikingouttlie word 'lie,
in line seven, and inserting "it;" by striking
out in the same line the word ^ proclaim,
and after the word "addition," in that line,
inserting "give;'' and to strike out all alter the
word " same,'' in the ninth line ; soastomake
the section read, if amended, as I propose:
That th e first section of this act shall take effect as
to each State, except Georeia.when such Mate s.hall
by its Legislature duly ratify, articlle :fourteen °
amendments to the Constitution of the UnitedSpates
proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congressandas to
the State of Georgia, when it shall in additio
the assent of saidState to the fundamental condition
hereinbefore imposed upon the same.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This matter as to what
fuuetionary should proclaim the assent of the
State to this article of the Constitution was very
carefully discussed and considered in commit-
tee, and we came to the conclusion that the
true policy in regard to it was to follow the
established course of business in that regard,
which always has been to admit a State o^to
set her up upon the final evidence of a procla-
mation bythe President that she had complied
with the law. That, I believe, has been the
constant uniform practice, so far as I know,
without any exception whatever. We thought
it was better to adhere to that practice in this
case and to make it the duty of the President,
as we clearly have a right to do, when such
events should have occurred and the official
evidence of it have been transmitted to him, to
make the proclamation which should restore
the State to its original relations with the
Union.
It is said by my friend from Michigan that
he has no idea that the President of the United
States will do any such tiling, although the law
imposes upon him the duty of doing it. I do
not agree with him about that. The President
of the United States will not run any risk of
that character upon a duty to which even his own
political friends would tell him was one which
he was bound to perform- I think my friends
on the other side of the Chamber will^ ngree
that it is perfectly constitutional to require the
President to do a certain ministerial act of that
description upon the happening of a certain
event which the law requires. It has been done
a thousand times. I take it there will be no
dispute about that. Therefore I have no fears
that the President of the United States_would
fail to do that duty which the law has hitherto
imposed upon him, and which he and his pre-
decessors have hitherto done. It is better to
adhere to that, to take the usual method. If
we find that the President of the United States,
these things having been done and the evidence
of them havingbeen transmitted to him, chooses
to set his face against the law, I even have faith
in this body and in the other body to believe
that some method would still be found which
all would agree would be a constitutional
method of curing the evil and punishing the
offender. It may be, however, that my hopes
or my expectations are altogether beyond prob-
ability.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I would
not offer the amendment merely to mar the
text of the bill as it came from the Committee
on the Judiciary, nor to make any alteration
unless I thought it were necessary. As the
section now stands it reads thus: "That the
first section of this act;" that is, the section
admitting these rebel States to representation,
"shall take effect as to each State, except
Georgia,, when the President of the United
States shall officially proclaim the due ratifica-
tion by its Legislature of article fourteen of
the amendments to the Constitution of the
United States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth
Congress."
The honorable Senator from Vermont knows
very well that the President has resisted our
legislation, upon the subject of the readmission
of the rebel States, from the beginning. He
knows as well as I do that he has resorted hist
to the veto, and has endeavored to extinguish
and utterly prevent the action of Congress
upon the subject of the readmission of these
States. He believes, and he has announced
that belief over and over again, in his veto
messages, in his solemn annual messages, and
in his DOpular addresses upon the stump—lie
believes the whole system of our reconstruction ,
legislation to be totally void and destitute of
constitutional warrant. He entertains that
opinion. He does not intend that our mode
of rehabilitating the rebel States shall become
effectual; but he intends that his mode of
reconstructing them by imperial decrees shall
prevail as against the legislation 01 Congress.
The two policies, that of Congress and tuat of
the President, are directly antagouistica, to
each other; they cannot stand together : and
the question from December, I860, down to the
present time has been, and still is, which of
these two policies shall prevail, ours or hio.
And let me say to the honorable Senator
from Vermont, that he much mistakes the char-
acter of the President when he supposes that
there is anything that he does not dare attempt.
Unless he shall issue this proclamation after
all the States shall have ratified the fourteenth
amendment, these States cannot be admitted
into the Union ; they are not entitled to their
rights as States at all; they are still kept out;
they are not admitted, as I say, even to the
right of representation.
Sir, let not my friend lay the flattering unc-
tion to his soul that Andrew Johnson will not
dare to withhold this proclamation. Sir, he
will withhold it, and he will set at defiance all
attempts to impeach him in the House of Rep-
resentatives, and look with contempt and scora
upon aDy feeling that Senators may entertain
in regard to finding hira guilty of a breach of
the law which we now have before us.
No, sir ; his object is to defeat our legislation
and to prevent, the readmission of these States
upon the principles incorporated in our recon-
struction acts; and he will do it, if possible. He
can do it in this case by simply withholding his
proclamation. Now, sir, of what good is_ a
presidential proclamation as to the readmis-
sion of a State? It amounts to nothing except
simply to certify it to the public and to the
world that such and such facts have taken
place. Is it necessary that the proof ftf these
facts should exist in such a proclamation?
Certainly not.
Is not the solemn ratification of the four-
teenth amendment by the respective Legisla-
tures under the seal of the State and that
would be the form undoubtedly in which it
would present itself to us—just as valid, just
as efficient as evidence to show this fact as the
proclamation of the President? Clearly so.
Why, then, insist upon this useless ceremony
of a presidential proclamation when you know,
or at least ought to know, as I think, that such
is the opposition of Johnson to our legislation
that he will never issue such a proclamation,
but persist in keeping these States out as long
as practicable. I hope, therefore, that this
amendment will be adopted and that this dis-
cretionary authority given to Johnson in the
section will be taken irom him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I agree
entirely with the Senator from Michigan in the
preliminary statement he m&ko'S, that is, the
laying down of the question ; the question is
whether these States shall be restored by pro-
cess of law, or whether they shall be restored
by process, of what ho calls very pioperly,
imperial will ? My proposition, as his is, is to
restore them according to law, and I intend
that the minister of the law, the President 01
the United States, shall do the last official act
that the law requires to restore them. I do
not by any means give up, as my friend does,
that 1 am beaten in this contest with the Pres-
ident. of the United States as to whether he is
to obey the law or not. My friend from Michi-
gan knows as well as I do that but for a differ-
ence of opinion among persons to whom we must
attribute as much intelligence and as much
faith as we bad as to what the law meant, the
President of the United States, in all human
probability, would have loft his office before
now. What I propose to do is to compel the
President of the United States, as_the consti-
tutional minister of the law which speaks
through this bill, when these States shall have
ratified the constitutional amendment, to say
so officially. 1 intend to commit him m that
wa\' to the congressional policy of restoration
by making him do the last official act that
shall restore these States to their proper rela-
tions, and I have not a particle of fear as to tns
not doing it. , , .
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I would suggest
to the Senator from Vermont, and also to the
Senator from Michigan, that the amendment
of the Senator from Michigan should be re-
tained, so that these States K t.,f>'lygnJu
amendment, and complying with Hit> htnda-
mental condition become. y^o/acto, htatcs m
this Union, and that we also retain the latter
