3992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
the act of the 11th of July, 1862, merely pro-
vided for an increase of legal tenders, making
them convertible into bonds as before.
Mr. SHELiMAN. 1 repeat, and no one who
has gone through the history can contradict
me, that no single bond was issued tinder the
act of February 25, 1802, until after that act
■was changed in material respects. It is true
all these bonds, in one sense, were issued
under the act of February 25, 18G2, as it was
amended from time to time; and those amend-
ments were adopted before a single bond was
issued. The most material amendment was
the act of July 11, 1862. By the act of Feb-
ruary 25, 18(52, §150,000,000 was the limit of
legal tenders, and those legal tenders could
be used to pay the principal of the public
debt.
The Senator from Vermont cannot question
that. Any bond issued under the act of Feb-
ruary 25, 1862, could be used as a legal tender
to pay the principal of the public debt,
because the act of February 25, 1802, said in
so many words that thenotes issued under this
act, shall be a legal tender in payment of all
debts, public and private. What language could
be clearer? Therefore if the legal tenders
■were issued under the act of February 25,181)2,
and the bonds issued under that act, one was
convertible into the other, the bonds into the
greenbacks and greenbacks into bonds. No
language could be plainer than was used to
effect that purpose ; but this right of conver-
sion was taken away by the act of March 8,
1800, and the limit on the amount of green-
backs was changed. This did not affect the
legal obligation or the legal right to use green-
backs in payment of the principal of the bonds ;
but I wiil not argue the question ; I will let it
stand upon what, I have said.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the ques-
tion as to whether the five twenties are payable
only in coin or may be paid in legal-tender
notes has been brought prominently into this
debate. The chairman of the Committee on
Finance, who has had much to do with the
financial affairs of this country for sixor seven
years past, insists that the Government has a
right to pay the five-twenties in existing legal-
tender notes. I say''existing" as contradis-
tinguished from notes yet to be issued. The
distinguished Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] on Saturday, in a very elaborate
speech argued at length that the Government
was compelled by law to pay these bonds in
coin. An argument of great, ability and length
was made to the same effect by the Senator
from Vermont early in the session. This ques-
tion is not important beyond the time that, the
Government shall resume specie payments.
"Whenever we make the legal-tender note as
good as gold then this question is settled.
But it is an important question, and may be an
important and troublesome question until that
time occurs. I, for one, believe that the true
policy for the Government is to take steps
first and foremost to bring about the resump-
tion of specie payments. 1 believe that that
lies at the foundation of our financial troubles,
and there is where we should begin.
I will remark that this question is entirely
distinct from the question of the right of the
Government to make a new issue of legal
tender notes and pay off the five-twenties in
that new issue. As 1 shall speak of the ques-
tion, I shall speak of the right of the Govern-
ment to'redeem the five-twenties in existing
legal-tender notes.
Mr. President, I believe that the law—and it
is co the law that we must look in regard to
this question afterall—is with the Senator from
Ohio on this question. When it is asserted
that the Government is bound to redeem the
five-twenties in coin I say it is not only without
the law, but it is in express violation of at least
four statutes. The law authorizing the ten-
fortits declares that principal and interest shall
be paid in coin. The seveial laws creating the
five-twenties declare that the interest shall be
paid in coin, but are silent as to the principal
of the debt, and do not say in what kind of
money the principal shall be paid. This gilence
is very significant.
But it is said by the Senator from Massachu-
setts and the Senator from Vermont that the
Government is as much bound to pay the princi-
pal of the five-twenties in coin as if it was so
expressed in the several acts authorizing and
creating those bonds, aud that there is no
difference between the legal obligation of the
Government in regard to the five-twenties and
in regard to the ten-forties. Let me say to the
Senator from Vermont and the Senator from
Massachusetts that if they desire to ascertain
the qualities and capacities of the legal-tender
notes, what debts they will pay, and what debts
they will not pay, they must look to the laws
creating the legal-tender notes and not to the
statutes authorizing the five-twenty bonds.
The act of February 25, 1802, by its second
section authorized the first issue of five-twenty
bonds, and by its first section the first issue
of legal-tender notes ; and in said first section
declares such notes herein authorized shall be
received in payment of all taxes, internal du-
ties, excises, debts, and demands of every
kind due the United States, except duties
on imports, and all claims aud demands
against the United States of any kind what-
soever, except for interest upon bonds and
notes, which shall be paid in coin, and shall
also be lawful money and a legal tender in
payment of all debts, public and private,
within the United States, except duties on im-
ports and interest as aforesaid.
The declaration is that such notes shall be
receivable in payment " of all claims and de-
mands against the United States of every kind
whatsoever, except for interest upon bonds and
notes, which shall be paid in coin." More
comprehensive language could not be em-
ployed, and you cannot conceive of any debt
against the United States left out of this
phrase save that which Is specially excepted.
It comprehends all claims and demands of
whatsoever kind. A bond is a claim ; a bond
is a demand. The very exception proves that
bonds were comprehended in the phrase, for
if they were not, there was no necessity for
excepting the interest upon them. But the
stutute does not stop here. It goes on to say
tautoiogically that such notes ''shall alS> be
lawful money and a legal tender in payment
of all debts, public and private, within the
United States, exccpt duties on imports and
interest as aforesaid." Every debt which the
United States owes is a public debt; it has
no private debts, and a five-twenty bond is a
public debt in the fullest sense of those words
for which the law declares such notes shall be
lawful money and a legal tender. Was ever a
1 statute more compiehensive, unequivocal, or
I plainly written? If the effect of this language
can be varied or destroyed by argument then i
no statute can be drawn which can withstand '
the lawyers' ingenuity. But there are three
other statutes to the same effect with the one
I have just considered.
The act of the 11th of July following pro-
vided for the issue of another 8150,000,OOO of
legal-tender notes, and declared like the former
that they should be legal tender in payment of
all claims and demands of whatsoever kind
against the United States except interest on
notes and bonds, and further declared that
these notes—
" Shall also be lawful money and a Ipgal tender in
payment of all debts, public and private, in the Uni-
ted States, except duties on imports and interest as
aforesaid."
There are but two exceptions stated in the
law, but it is sought by argument to establish
a third, compared with which the two stated in
the law are mere trifles.
This statute is unconnected with any provis-
ion for the issue of bonds, and was passed
before any bonds were sold, authorized by the
preceding act of February.
Again, in January. 18;i3, Congress passed a
jointresolution authoi r/.ing the issue of another
^100,000,000 of legal-tender notes, in which it
was again declared that they should be received
as " a legal tender in payment of all claims and
demands against the United States of whatso-
ever kind, except interest on notes and bonds,"
and this joint resolution was unconnected with
any provision for the issue of bonds.
And again in February, 1863, an act was
passed authorizing the issue of another $150,-
000,000 of legal-tender notes, including the
$100,000,000 authorized by the joint resolu-
tion just referred to, in which it is declared in
language somewhat different from the other
acts, but in substance the same, that " these
notes so issued shall he lawful money and a
legal tender in payment of all debts, public
and private, "within the United States, except
for duties on imports and interest on the pub-
lic debt."
Here are four plain, unequivocal, and em-
phatic declarations of the law, declaring that
these notes shall be a legal tender in payment
of every conceivable species of indebtedness
against the United States. And whether the
fact be agreeable or disagreeable it is one that
cannot be overcome by argument or ingenuity.
But it is argued that Secretary Chase, and
perhaps one or two Assistant Secretaries or
chief clerks of the 'treasury, gave it out in let-
ters and speeches that these bonds would be
paid in coin and that the bonds were sold upon
such an understanding. It is to be noticed
that in giving these opinions by the Secretary
and the Assistant Secretaries or chief clerks,
that it was predicated entirely upon the prac-
tice of the Government heretofore, arid not
upon any construction of the law authorizing
the issue of the bonds or creating the legal-
tender notes. In none of these opinions is
there any reference made to these statutes, and
what was said seemed to have been said in
ignorance or indifference toward them, for no
reference was made to them, and the opinions
were predicated entirely upon what had been
the practice of the Government heretofore.
These several acts creating the legal tender
were public laws, of which every man in the
country was bound to take notice at his peril.
Every man in the country purchasing a bond
is presumed to know the character of the law
creating the bond or the existence of any other
law affecting the bond either as to time, man-
ner, or mode of its payment.
In matters of such immense magnitude the
nation can only be bound by the law. Its
rights mustbedefiuedby thelaw, andbythelaw
only. I cannot be bound by the opinion of
public officers given either in ignorance or in
violation of the law.
The Government of the United States, which
has the power to borrow money and create a
new loan, has put the terms of that loan into
the law, and they cannot be varied by the
opinion or the action of any public officer.
It would be a monstrous doctrine that the
rights of the nation aud of future generations,
in matters of such immense importance, could
be varied or changed by the illegal or unwar-
ranted declaration of a public officer who has
no power to say or do anything, except that
| which is conferred upon him bylaw. Norcan
: it be said that the good faith of the nation can
; be affected by its refusal to comply with the
| representations of a public officer, when those
! representations are made in direct conflict with
| a public statute of which he aud everybody
j else is bound to take notice. Even in matters
| of private right and of the smallest importance
j men are presumed to know the law, and their
| rights are determined accordingly, and no man
; is bound by the act of his agent when that
| agent is acting outside of the authority or the
i presumed authority conferred upouhim. Every
j mull buying a bond of the Government must
|| know that the liability of the Government
;; could not be fixed or changed by a declaration
ji of the Secretary of the Treasury, but that the
liability of the Government must, be determined
I; absolutely and only by the law creating the
I1 bond or making regulations for its payment.
The good faith of the nation in a matter of
this kind can only be measured by the promise
given by the law-making power, which promise
