2968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBl;
Jime %
provision of the section as reported, which is
in these words:
" And it is beroby made the duty of the President
within ten days alter receiving official information
oi the ratification of paid amendment, by the Legis-
lnture of either of said States, to issue a proclama-
tion announcing that fact."
It seems to me that that gains for us all that
the Senator from Michigan desires to gain,
which is a great deal, does not imperil the
restoration of these States to the compliance
of the President, and it gains what the Sena-
tor from Vermont would gain, calls upon the
President to perform the last official and usual
act of proclaiming that they have so complied
with the law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am much obliged to my
friend. He has said substantially what I was
about to say myself, for I was jnst going on to
contend that the fair and proper meaning of
this section, taking it all together, is that when
each of these States shall haVe ratified the
fourteenth article they have completed the last
act npon their part; the rest is but mere offi-
cial formality. I am glad, however, that my
friend has suggested the amendment, which I
should not have suggested, because that Cer-
tainly does seem to cover the whole ground.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say one word
fnrthe  as to the value of requiring the Pres-
ident of the United States—I make no secret
of it either to the gentlemen on the other side
or to him—to do this official act; and that is
that when we come to the elections of Novem-
ber, and these States undertake to vote, I do
not intend to hare the President (unless he has
previously violated a law which all men agree
to be constitutional) undertake to say *'the
principal bill is unconstitutional, and I have
never assented to it, and I do not intend to per-
mit these States to elect; I am not committed
to it in any way ; I have made no proclama-
tion about it; my hands arc entirely free," or
to undertake to get up any difficulty or dis-
turbance when their votes come to be counted.
I want the President of the United States, to
use a very homely phrase, either to fish or cut
bait when this bill is passed and ten days
have elapsed. As I said before, it is due to
him, because he is not so entirely devoid of
sense as some people suppose. I have no idea
that he will hesitate a moment, and I am per-
fectly willing to have it put in a position where
hesitation will hurt nobody but himself.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to the
amendment suggested by the honorable Sena-
tor from New Jersey, and I will therefore
withdraw that part of my amendment which
strikes out all after the word *' same," in the
ninth line of the section. I will leave the last
clause stand.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have the
section read as it will stand if the amendment
as modified be adopted.
The Chief Clerk. If the section be amended
as now proposed, it will read :
That the first section of this act shall take effect
as to each State, except Georgia, when such State
shall by its Legislature duly ratify article fourteen
of the amendments to the Constitution of the United
States, proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and
as to the State of Ueorgia when it shall in addition
give the assent of said State to the fundamental
condition hereinbefore imposed upon the same, and
it is hereby made the duty of the President within
ten days after receiving: official information of the
ratification of said amendment by the Legislature
of cither of said States to issue a proclamation
announcing that fact.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask, for inform-
ation, whether this last clause authorizing the
President to make this announcement would
stand in the way in any respect of the Sena-
tors and Representatives from these States
taking their seats before the proclamation was
made?
Mr. HOWARD. Not at all.
Mr. WILSON. Then I have no objection
to it.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the
first section of the amendment reported by the
committee by striking out all after the word
"taxed," in line twelve, to -the end of the
section. The words which I propose to strike
out are:
And the State of Georgia shall only bo entitled
and admitted to representation upon this lurther
fundamental condition: that thefirst and third sub-
divisions of section seventeen of the fifth article of
the constitution of said State, except the proviso to
thefirst sub-division, shall be null and void, and that
the General Assembly of said State, by solemn pub-
lic act, shall declare the assent of the State to the
foregoing fundamental condition.
This clause relates to Georgia alone, and
will create a deep and widespread dissatisfac-
tion in that State. Still, if it was within our
power, and if there were not good reasons
why we should refrain from interference, I
should be willing to run the risk of adopting
this condition ; but this is a fundamental con-
dition of an entirely different character from
any that has heretofore been imposed upon
any State when being admitted into the Union.
This proposes to ignore an important provision
of the constitution of the State of Georgia,
without which, in the opinions of thousands
in the State of Georgia, the constitution could
not have been adopted. It has been affirmed,
over and over again in the newspapers, and it
is stated to me here, that without what is called
the relief clause in the constitution of Georgia,
that constitution would probably have failed.
And now we propose, in a material and vital
matter, to change the constitution by an act of
Congress in cooperation with the Legislature.
All previous fundamental conditions imposed
upon a State being admitted into the Union
have been upon one of two grounds, either
that the clause in the State constitution objected
to was in violation of the Constitution of the
United States, or that it affected some great,
material right, without which the government
would not be republican in form.
The condition adopted in the ease of Mis-
souri was rather to exclude a conclusion that
might have been drawn from a provision of
the constitution of that State. The fundamental
conditions we have adopted here have been
on the ground that to change a constitution so
as to deprive a portion of the people of the
State of the right of voting was anti-repub-
lican ; that we had the power to secure to
those who participated in the formation of the
State government the right to continue to par-
ticipate in that State government in all time,
on the ground that the withdrawal of the right
of suffrage from a portion of the people of a
State who had heretofore enjoyed that right,
was anti-republican. But this proposes to
legislate for the people of Georgia on a matter
purely affecting the law of debtor and creditor.
In the first place, I supposed the provision
referred to in the constitution of Georgia was
much worse than it is; but on examining it
carefully, I find that the provision is not very
greatly different from the ordinary statutes of
limitation of the different States. Nearly all
the new States have a shorter statute of limit-
ations running against contracts than has been
prescribed in the constitution of Georgia. Let
us look at it a little more closely. The seven-
teenth section of the fifth article of the con-
stitution of Georgia provides:
"No court in this State shall have jurisdiction to
try or determine any suit against any resident ot this
State upon any contract or agreement made or im-
plied, or upon any contract made in renewal of any
debt existing prior to the 1st day of June, 1805;^ nor
shall any court or ministerial officer of this State
have authority to enforce any judgment, execution,
or decrce rendered or issued upon any contract or
agreement made or implied, or upon any contract in
renewal of a debt existing prior-to the l.-.t day of
June, 18G3, except in the following eases."
The declaration contained in this first clause
is very broad indeed. It denies the use of the
courts of the State of Georgia for the enforce-
ment of any debt contracted prior to the 1st of
dune, 1865. the close of the war, except in
seven different classes of cases enumerated.
These exceptions actually do away with nearly
all the harsh and severe stringency of the first
clause. What are the exceptions ?
"1. In suits against trustees, where the trust prop-
ertyisin the hands of the trustee, or has been ia-,
vested by him in other specific effects now in his'
hands, and in suits by the'Vendor &C real estate?
against the vendee, where not more than oao third
of the purchase money has been paid, and the vendee
is in possession of the land or specific effects for
which he has sold it, and he refases to deliver th&
land or said effects to the vendor. In such eases the ■-*
courts and officers may entertain jurisdiction and  
enforce judgments agamst said trust, property orland -i
or effects. , ^
"2. In suits for the benefit of minors by trustees
appointed before the 1st day of Jane, J865.
" 3. In suite against corporations in their corporate
capacity, but not so as to en force the debt against the
stockholders or officers thereof in their individual
capacity.
"•£. In suit3 by charitable or literary institutions
for money loaned, property (other than slaves) sold,
or services rendered by such institutions.
"5. In suits on debts due from mechanical or
manual labor when the suit is by the mechanic or
laborer.
'*6. In eases when the debt is set up by way of
defense, and the debt setup fexeeeds any debt due by
defendant to plaintiff of which the-courts are denied \
jurisdiction.
"7. In all other cases in which the General Assem-
bly shaH by law give the said courts and officers
jurisdiction : Provided, that no court or officer shall
have, nor shall the General Assembly give authority
or jurisdiction to try or give judgment on or enforce
any debt the consideration ol which was a slave or
slaves, or the hire thereof,
What-'is the meaning o-f all this, talset>
together? tVith the exception of eases that
grow out of a breach of trust, or where a minor
is concerned, in ordinary eases where the righl
to sue is suspended; in ail other cases the
matter is left to the Legislature of the State,
Notwithstanding the first clause, the Legisla-
ture of the State may confer at any tim-e upon
any of the courts any jurisdiction they see
proper to recover any character of debts. This
provision can only affect two classes of debts.
One is debts that were contracted prior to the
war; prior, say, to the 1st of March, 1861.
Before this provision takes effect, in relation
to all such debts contracted prior to the war, a
period of seven years will have transpired*
from 1861 to 1868 ; so that it can only operate-
as a statute of limitations as against all debts
that existed before the war. Seven years is
the period within which the statute of limita-
tions runs against nearly ail debts in most of
the States of this Union. In tbe State of Ohio
we have fifteen years for a note; but I believe
in Michigan it is seven years.
Mr. HOWARD. Six years.
Mr. SHERMAN. In Michigan six yearsy
and in nearly all the western States there is a
short period of limitation. Now, under this
provision of the Constitution, unless the Legis-
lature shall hereafter otherwise provide, no
debt can be sued upon that was contracted
before the war, upon the specie basis \ in other
words, that the period of limitation of seven
years shall apply to all that class of debts.
But the main object of this provision was to
cut off sqits upon debts contracted during the
war. It is manifestly just and right that some
relief should be given to the people of Georgia
against the enforcement of contracts made
during the war, and Senators must not bo
blind to the imperative cali of these people for
some relief upon such contracts. Debts dur-
ing the war were made upon the bas-is of con-
federate money. In the beginning it was worth
probably fifty cents on the dollar; but finally
it got so low that it, took live or eight hnndreci
dollars of confederate bills to pay one dollar
of debt. To enforce debts contracted upon
the basis of confederate money during the war,
even although those debts may have he^n
honest, may have been contracted between
loyal persons, would be seriously, teriihly
oppressive to the debtors ; it would be absolute
ruin. Take the ordinary ease of a note of
hand given during the war by n debtor to a
! creditor for SI,000. What did the debtor re-
|j ceive for that note? Probably what would
jj now be bought easily for one hundred, or fiftyr
jj or twenty-live dollars. Without this provision,,
jj the debt might be enforced against the debtor
!' to the full amount of §1,000, because, although
jj it was expressly payable in confederate noteu,
j; yet, as wo cannot regard those as a legal
h tender, it would be enforced in dollars, in
11 money. If it was put in the m dinar/ language^
