444
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
Ho. op Reps.
Taxation of Government Bonds—Mr. Garfield.
40th Coxa....2d Sess.
has happened, what never will happen, and
■what ought never to happen in any civilized
land. Change it how you will or can; but it
must be changed. If you do not give relief by-
law the people will relieve themselves without
you. The arguments by which you justify and
sustain it, however specious or however sound,
will fall unheeded on unwilling ears. You may
cry out " good faith" till you are hoarse. You
will be answered that there is no good faith
which works injustice and wrong to a whole
people. There is this alternative, no other.
Ponder it well—equalized taxation or repudi-
ation.
Comprehending this great fact, do not con-
tent yourselves with being angry with him who
announces it to you. Vituperation, calumny,
imputations upon his motives, will neither
change the fact nor make it one whit less true,
less formidable, or relieve you one jot from
the necessity of meeting it and providing
for it.
There is a mistaken idea honestly entertained
by some persons which requires a single observ-
ation, because unfounded assertions of right,
when conscientiously believed, are entitled to
respect. An honest prejudice even should not
be carelessly put aside without answer.
It is believed by some that Congress has
given a pledge not to tax these bonds, and to
do so would be a breach of national faith, and
therefore of national honor, as it indeed would
be if any such pledge had been given. No such
pledge was given. On the contrary, it was
expressly put in the law that the national
securities should be free from State and muni-
cipal taxation, not from national taxation. In-
deed, I doubt under thedoctrines of the Supreme
Court in the case of Brown vs. Maryland, and
oiher kindred cases, whether national bonds
couldhavebeen taxed by the Stateseven if they
had been expressly made so taxable by Con-
gress. They certainly could not have been so
t.ixed if Congress had said nothing on the
subject.
We hold all our property subject to the action
of Congress, to be taxed or not, as Congress
pleases, whether bonds or other property. And
so holding that property it is for the wisdom
of Congress to tax it as much or as little as
the exigencies of the Government demand and
justice to all interests of the people require.
You have pledged no faith to the bondholder
that you would not tax these bonds. They
were not even sold by any broker under any
sueh pledge.
Congress has said only that the States should
not tax them ; but has not said that you your-
selves would not. On the contrary, you did
tax the income upon them at the very moment
you issued them; and you have since raised
that tax from one and a half per cent, to five
percent.; and I only ask now that you shall
raise this tax upon this species of property so
as to make it nearly equal to the taxes on
other property, and to take means to collect it
of all the bad men as you do now the five per
cent, of all the good men, allowing the bad
ones to escape.
Taxation now falls only on the just and con-
scientious, those who truthfully return their
incomes. The unjust, the rascal, the knaye,
the rebel, makes no return and escapes taxa-
tion. The State of Georgia, for instance, made
a return of but a single gold watch; and I have
not heard that it has made a return of any
bonds. rl he true man, the honest man, the
conscientious man returns his bonds and you
tax him and let the rogue escape taxation.
Such a state of the law can never be allowed
to remain without convulsion. If not corrected
soon it will not remain without resistance to
it, and the man who feels its injustice and sees
no hope of remedy would almost be justified
in such resistance.
1 speak, therefore, in the interest of the
bondholder; in the interest of the banks, as
veil as in the far higher and greater interest
of the people of the country. Were I the paid
advocate of the banker and the bondholder
instead of the representative of the people;
were I here to establish their investments on
the surest and firmest basis, irrespective of
any other consideration, I should still argue
as I do.
In my poor judgment, permanency, quiet-
ness, and stability of investment are the first
great needs of capital. Capitalists desire no
controversy, fear lest their investments be in-
volved in political changes, and are naturally
conservative to the last degree; for their own
sake it is desirable that the bonds be taxed,
and taxed fairly, according to their productive-
ness with other property, so that there should
be in holding them no apparent injustice or
wrong that could appeal to honest prejudice
even and they be made the football of party
strife.
No people everyetrested quiet under a sense
of injustice. No free people ever did submit
to allow a privileged class to draw their income
from the public revenue without the fullest
contribution of their fair share of that, revenue.
Equal taxation of the income of the debt or
its repudiation is inevitable. He is short-
sighted and ill-judging in the last degree who
opposes the private interest of the few to the
sense of wrong of the many; and it is no an-
swer to that sense of wrong to say that many
of the bonds are held in small parcels by men
of moderate means, because whoever holds a
Government bond holds it as an invested sur-
plus of property. It is what he has laid by,
and those who have it arc but one in twenty to
those who have it not, and the twenty have in
this Government a score times as much polit-
ical power as the one. No intelligent labor-
ing man can ever be persuaded by any argu-
ment that invested capital, iu amounts large
or small, ought to escape the equal burdens
of taxation which are laid upon his earnings.
If the capitalist shall choose to oppose him-
self and subject his investments to the opera-
tion of this sense of wrong, lie will find that
when aroused it will not content itself with
righting that wrong simply, but will surge over
in a wave of popular indignation, which will
inflict irreparable injury upon him and his.
I speak in the interest of the Republican
party, the party of equal rights, of equal jus-
tice to all men. We are responsible for the
past, and I trust for four years to come will be
responsible for the action of the Government,
and the justice and propriety of the laws.
Enjoying the high confidence of the people i
who have so largely put their trust in us, they
will never suffer us to enact injustice. They
will not permit us to recognize by our laws
any favored class in this country; they will call j
upon us to make good our principles of equality
of right, of equality of power, of equality of
burdens of government to all men; and as
surely as we fail to do this so surely will the
people fail us. Looking, therefore, to the
success of the Republican party as the success
of the country, 1 cannot do otherwise than to |
impress upon the majority of this House the !
necessity of making that enunciation of our !
principles at Chicago which declares for the j
equalization of taxation a living and acting,
as well as essential principle of our political
ethics.
Lastly, I speak in the interest of the whole
people of the country. I see, or think I sec, in
this question of the public debt a wedge by
which the Union may be again riven asunder—
not by a line dividing North from South, but
another more fatal, running north and south,
possibly along the ridge of the Alleghanies,
separating the easternereditorStatos, with their
accumulated capital and commercial and man-
ufacturing investments, from the western debtor ij
agricultural States lying in the rich valleys of
the Mississippi and its tributaries. I see the
revolutionary and disorganizing party of the
ialsely-named Democracy, while differing upon
other issues, yet with their ranks serried, enthu-
siastically hailing the proposition to use the
prejudices and discontents of the people in
regard to the public debt as a means of placing
again the Government in the hands of rebels
and their associates that its great powers may
again be used to accomplish its own destruc-
tion.
They have attempted to divide the whole
country upon, that most vicious dogma of a
"white man's Government." That question,
however, in its present attitude has nothing in
it of sectionalism. It may divide parties but
it cannot divide the Union, as its opponents
and adherents are found in every portion of the
country, and in it there can be nothing of sec-
tional antagonism of interest. But if they can
oppose the interest of the agricultural labor
of the West to the manufacturing labor of the
Bast, already in some degree antagonized oil
the subject of the tariff, by an exhibition of the
apparent injustice of taxing the labor of the
West while more than two billions and a half
of most productive capital at the East goes
untaxed ; by showing, as they may do, that
three fourths of the whole banking capital of
the country, with its necessary privileges and
specialties of legislation, is east of the Alle-
ghanies, they will have injected into the poli-
tics of the nation an element the mischievous
extent of which no man can fathom.
Let it be our part, having the power in our
own hands, by carefully, judiciously, and
firmly removing all source of complaint of in-
equality of taxation, by opening as far as pos-
sible to the West the benefits to be derived
from banking associations, by establishing free
banking, to thus take out of the political arena
this apple of discord, so cunningly thrown in,
which may engender a worse lhau Trojan
strife.
Believing, as I most firmly do, that iu this
question much of the honor, the glory, and fu-
ture of our country is involved : seeing it with a
clearness of apprehension which uompcls my
judgment, while I shall never attempt to reply
to my enemies, I can only answer my friends
who dili'er with me, in whose judgment I have
confidence, as did Luther his religious associ-
ates when they reproached him for opposing
them, "God help me, I cannot do otherwise."
Taxation of Government Bonds.
DEBATE IN THE HOUSE,
July 15, 1808,
TIio House being in CoiiSmittee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I sym-
pathize with every gentleman who has honored
the speakers of the evening by sitting in this
Hall, with the mercury at ninety-three degrees,
and attempting to listen to a financial debate.
But the subject discussed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] last evening
was of such transcendent importance, and the
views he submitted to the House seemed to me
of so very singular a character in some of their
aspects, that I feel justified in asking your atten
tion to what I shall say in answer to them.
I ought to say in the outset thatl had already
prepared a brief in answer to a speech, not
delivered, but, printed, by the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Pike] on this same subject not
many days ago. And as the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butixu.] in his speech
last evening, indorsed almost every position
taken by the gentleman from Maine, especially
his statements in regard to the history of Eng-
lish taxation as a precedent for the proposed
measure, I can do no better than to consider
first the points made by the gentleman from
Maine, and then notice any special points made
in addition by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts in his speech of last evening. And I
desire in the outset to disclaim any purpose or
