1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S993
must be in the form of a law. The Constitu-
tion declares that Congress shall have power
to borrow money, from which it must be inferred
that Congress and Congress only can prescribe
the terms, limits, and conditions of the loan.
The attempt therefore to erect a standard of
good faith for the nation not only outside of
the law, but in violation of its express pro-
visions does the nation great injustice by con-
tributing to place it in a false position before
the peopte of other countries.
That is all I have to say on that question.
If 3 o'u prove that the Government is bound to
pay these bonds in coin, you do it in the face
of four direct and plain statutes as unequivocal
as any statutes that ever were written.
There is the statute, plain, direct, even tauto-
logical upon this subject, declaring in not less
than six or seven places that these notes shall
be received in payment, and as a legal tender,
in discharge of every claim and demand of
whatsoever kind against the United States
except interest upon notes and upon bonds,
and then going on to say, as 1 remarked
before, tautologically, that those notes shall be
received as lawful money and as legal tender
in payment of all debts, public or private, in
the United States except the interest on notes
and bonds as aforesaid. And yet m the face
of language so plain, language that cannot be
misunderstood, it is argued from day to day in
this Senate that the Government is bound to
pay the five-twenties in coin.
Now, Mr. President, this question is import-
ant or unimportant as Congress shall make it
so. When we return to specie payments it is
unimportant; as long as we fail to return to
specie payments it is important. As I took
occasion to say some weeks ago in the Senate,
the first duty of Congress and the first great
tiling to do, in my opinion, is to take some
direct step toward the return to specie pay-
ments.
I will say further, that it is in the exist-
ing legal-tender notes that the Government
has a right to pay those five-twenty bonds.
There was a limit of $400,000,000 fixed by law
to the issue of those notes. I believe that to
pass that limit would be a violation of public
faith ; but that the Government, has the right
to pay the five-twenty bonds out of the exist-
ing legal-tender notes is as clear, in my opin-
ion, as any right that is defined by any statute
of the United States.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to ask the
Senator what practical importance there is in
maintaining that doctrine if we have got no
greenbacks to pay the bonds with? I take it
there is not anybody here who supposes, if we
are limited to the present amount of green-
backs, that we have got any greenbacks to
redeem the bonds with. Therefore the ques-
tion is not a practical one in any sense of the
word, it seems to me.
Mr. MOR TON. I think I can answer that
question. The Senator has kirdly called my
attention to a point that I had forgotten for
the moment, and that right in connection with
this funding bill. Four hundred million dol-
lars of currency is enough in which to invest all
the bonds authorized by this bill. It is not done
at once. The Government sells $50,000,000
of these new bonds to-day, and receives pay
in existing legal tender notes. Those not' 3
are paid out to-morrow in the redemption of
an equal number of existing five-twenty bonds;
and so the process goes on. The Government
can redeem the five-twenty bonds in the exist-
ing legal-tender notes without issuing a new
note, simply by selling the new bonds for legal-
tender notes, and applying those legal-tender
notes in the redemption of the existing five-
tweutv bonds.
That comes right down to this funding bill.
This bill provides that the proceedsof the sale
of these bonds '* shall he exclusively used for
the redemption, payment, or purchase of,_ or
exchange for, an equal amount"—that is a
very important phrase right there—11 ot the
present interest-bearing debt of the United
States.'' If you exchange them, it must be i
done for par. If you sell these new bonds
you must sell them for par. Then you cannot
buy up the five-twenty bonds in the market.
You cannot buy them unless you buy them for
par, because you make the proceeds of these
bonds take up and cancel an equal amountof
the outstanding bonds. We will suppose that
the Secretary of the Treasury has sold $100,-
000,000 of these five per cent, bonds at par.
He has got $100,000,000 of greenbacks in the
Treasury of the United States. How is he
going to apply that to the extinguishment of
an equal amountof the outstanding debt? The
holders of the five-twenty bonds will not sell
them to the Government on the market at par,
because they are commanding a large pre-
mium. He cannot exchange bond for bond
because the bonds to be exchanged for com-
mand a premium, whereas the new bond can
only be sold at par; there is no premium on
that. lie cannot obtain the five-twenties by
exchange; he cannot obtain them by pur-
chase, because the law would require him to
purchase the old bonds at par, and they are at
a premium. Therefore, he cannot use the pro-
ceeds of the new bonds unless he avails himself
of the right of the Government to redeem the
old bonds in these legal-tender notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is a little
mistaken in regard to the legal effect. The
plain meaning is that he shall only sell the
bonds as he can redeem an equal amount. He
would not sell these bonds at a less price than
the market value of the five-twenties ; but he
can do that or make the exchange.
Mr. MORTON. I presume the chairman of
the committee is entirely right upon that point;
but the practical difficulty is thatthe Secretary
cannot sell them for more than par; that will
not be pretended, and he cannot buy the exist-
ing five-twenty bonds at par. So there can be
nothing done in the way of buying them on the
market. Then there can be nothing done in
the way of exchange, because the old bonds
command a premium, while the new ones do
not. Therefore the holders of the old bonds
would lose by the exchange. Then there can
be nothing done with these bonds, unless he
avails himself of the lawful right of the Gov-
ernment to take in these five-twenty bonds by
paying them off in legal-tender notes. I have
often heard it said that uuless you issue more
greenbacks, you cannot redeem the five-twen-
ties in greenbacks. I have shown that that is
a mistake; that by selling the new bonds at
par, to be paid for in the existing legal-tender
notes, those notes, when thus received, can be
applied in redeeming and absolutely paying off
a portion of the existing five-twenty bonds.
i am in favor myself of passing the first sec-
tion of this bill. I am in favor of making this
offer. I am in favor of trying to give an addi-
tional value to these bonds by the length of
time that has been fixed in the bill for them to
run. That is the only advantage they will
have over the old bond.
One word in regard to the amendment of the
Senator from Maine, which is to make these
bonds all redeemable at the pleasure of the
Government after ten years. He takes away
the inducement to buy these bonds. He says,
however, that these bonds can be made avail-
able by the existence of a doubt in the public
mind as to how they shall be paid, whether
they shall be paid in gold or in greenbacks. I
should like to ask that distinguished Senator
if it is very broad statesmanship to hang a great
measure of this kind simply upon a doubt
existing in the public mind? 1 very much
prefer making a frank statement of this ques-
tion to the .whole country. As the law is writ-
ten, so it must remain; you cannot help it;
you cannot rub it out,; you cannot argue the !
seal off the bond ; and the distinguished Sena-
tors to whom I have referred, with all their
ability and ingenuity, cannot take a single word
from these four statutes.
I am in favor of tendering this funding bill to
the country. I hope it will be accegted ; I
hope it may be received; but, sir, to make a
candid confession, I have very little faith in
any funding bill until such time as we have
returned to specie payments. I believe we
could return to them in a very short time by
legislation in that direction. With a surplus
of over eighty million dollars of gold iti the
Treasury, and with an accruing surplas from
month to month, if we were simply to say that
the gold we now thus hold ana the gold we :
shall receive in surplus shall be applied to the
redemption of these legal-tender notes it would
send the premium on gold down one half at
the very beginning. The very existence of that
gold standing in the shadow behind these legal-
tender notes, although the Government has
declared no purpose in holding that gold, has
given strength and value to these notes, simply
from the impression upon the part of the peo-
ple of the United States that some time or other
that gold will be applied to the redemption of
these notes. I believe that the accumulation
of surplus gold in the Treasury with what we
now have, even for a year or a year and a half,
would be sufficient to enable us to begin the
work of redemption and place the legal-tender
notes at par, and then all these troublesome
questions will disappear; but, sir, until that is
done, they will remain to plague us.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 did not design say-
ing anything on the particular matter which
the Senator from Indiana has been arguing, for
I think his speech is altogether out of place.
We are discussing a particular point of con-
struction upon the first section, and the bring-
ing in here a discussion upon the question
whether these bonds are in reality payable one
way or the other strikes me to be a mere 
Mr. MORTON. I should like to say to the
Senator that his censure is somewhat mis-
placed. I did not bring that question here.
It was brought here on Saturday by the chair-
man of the committee and by the Senator from
Massachusetts, and to-day discussedjust-before
by the Senator from Vermont and the Senator
from Ohio. If there is anything wrong in
bringing the question here I am not responsi-
ble ; but I find it here, and I will say to the
Senator that he cannot keep it out.
Mr. FESSENDJEN. Oh, 1 shall not attempt
it, Mr. President. I shall not attempt to keep
anything out here on any question. I have
seen for years that that is useless. Senators
will discuss every conceivable question under
the sun upon a bill whether it has anything to
do with it, or not, and the time has gone by
when I ever attemped to interfere with any-
thing of that sort.
But I rose simply to say that so far as the
remark I made had any application it was
merely repeating a remark made by the chair-
man of the committee. I said that if it was
true that this bill relieved the question of a
doubt that of itself was an inducement to the
change from one species of obligation to
another ; and I think it is an inducement, be-
cause it cannot be disputed that the question
has been made a question of doubt; and that
is all I said about it.
But, sir, I wish to repeat what I said be-
fore : if there are not inducements enough to
affect the judgments of the community with
reference to taking the new obligations without
extending the time of redemption from ten
years to twenty, in my judgment it had better
remain as it is, and we had better pay six per
cent, for a little time longer than to burden
ourselves with any such obligation as that.
That is my opinion about it, which I gave very
distinctly. Why, sir, what is the object? This
is called a funding bill. Is not our debt all
funded now, pretty much ? Certainly it is. It is
merely to change the bonds, and the ostensi-
ble object is to hold out some inducement to
take other paper at a lower rate of interest.
Undoubtedly if taken it would save so much ;
but then do not all men inquire, what are wo
to gain ? Are we in reality to be the gainei s ?
Certainly not, if in the process of time, say ten
years hence, it so happens that we shall be able
to redeem a large amount of our paper, as I
think we shall be by borrowing at a lower rate
owing to the improved state ol our credit, and
