186%'
ffflr eONBltSSSEONiW OIOBH
m
■will result in the preservation of or# r, en 
cour*gf the settlement of the country %T fi*m"
ilics. and advance civilization.
If the action of thia Government is con-
trolled by wise counsels it needs no prophetic
eye to foresee the proud eminence to which we
toud in all that is good, great, and useful, oor
country stretching as it does from ocean to
ocean, abounding throughout in_ elements of
wealth and prosperity, commanding the trade
of the eastern and the western hemispheres,
the exemplar of free institutions, of science}
and civilization.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada has moved to discharge the
committee 
Mr. STEWAtlT. I withdraw that motion.
deficiency appropriation eiiu
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then that
hill it not before the Senate. The unfinished
basinets of yesterday, being House bill No.
320, is now the regular business, ia order.
The Senate, as ui Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
<20) making approbation* to supply deficien-
cies in tike appropriations for the execution of
the reconstruction laws and for the service of
the qaartennaster' • department of the Gov-
■ eminent for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1868, and for other purposes, which had been
reported by the Committee on Appropriations
with several amendments. The ant amend-
ment of the cwmmittee was to insert at the
end of the bill the following :
I*«M*tiv :
for i ncreased compensation to Cosoesmeaal Pnnfc-
•r-jto June 30, ISO, iUM R
To supply a driWency in the contingent expanses
•f the Hone of Bepi —eatativee fbr tbepreeeat #ecal
jar. tba following ram naoulj:
for stationery. fl6.8UX
w famiture, repairs, and paeHng-tHUGei for mem-
ber*. $ .« .
For nuflaoUiMMi item. U&jOW. .
For foldrncdoeiSncnta. i Deluding materials, $50,080,
For newspapers, 112,500.
To supply a drfeiener in the exyetfees
•f the beaaie for the preeent fiscal yew, neygly
For clcrks to committees, and paces, *38,8W.
For additional messengers ana laborers,$15,600.
For labor and materials in tba foldimr-rooni, t  be
provided by the Sergeaat-at-Arms. ii/WO.
The amendment was agreed Ux
The next amendment of the committee Was
to insert at the end of the bill the following:
Jadleiury: .
fir salary of the naMM «f the S«pMtae>6o*rt'«f
the United States. Cross April i, 1867. to. Jane SO. 1863,
at tXSOO per annqm, $4,255 77.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next assessment was to inert at the
end of the bit):
Department ef ■4neatiee:
Far amount required for salary of CetrmWalonor
U March 30, 1367. $192.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment Was to insert at an
additional flection:
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted. That so tatteb of
the first section at the aet of Maseh 3,1800, entitled
"An act farther to amend the several acta for the
establishment and regulation of the Treasury, War,
and Navy Departments." as authorizes the Presi-
dent, on the application ef the Secretary of any
Department, to transfer the moneys appropriated
fer a particular branch of that Department to an-
other branch of expenditure in the «ame Depart-
ment be, and the same it hereby, repeated.
The amendment was agreed to.
- The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That dis-
poses of the amendments reported by the
Committee on Appro nidations.
Mr. BIORRILL, of Maine. I ought, perhaps,
to state to the Senate the character of this bilL
I begin by saying that it embraces three classes
of appropriations: first, to cover the expenses
in the military districts under the reconstruc-
tion act. It will be seen from the book of es-
timates that the expenses estimated for under
that head were $1,152,25412. Upon the best
information accessible to the committee we be-
came satisfied that perhaps a smaller sum might
answer, and we have reduced it to $657,000,
which is believed to be the lowest sum to which
it would be safe to reduce it. These expend-
itures are for the expenses of registering the
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 36.
voters and for the incidental expenses incident
to the execution of the law for the reconstruc-
tion of the rebel States.
The next class is for the quartermaster's
department, and will be found in the estimates
of the Treasury Department, on page 9. They
are: '1 for regular supplies of the quartermas-
ter's department, $4,000,000; for incidental
expenses of the quartermaster's department,
$1,000,1)00 j for the purchase of horses for cav-
alry and artillery, $500,000; for transportation
of the Amy, $8,§00,000." It will be seen that?
the eommittee have reduced these soma some-
what. The aggregate amount asked for was
$13,500,000. The amount reported in the bill
is $12,000,000 in reund numbers. These ap- |
propriations become neeessary chiefly from the '
necessities growing out of the difficulties with
the Indians on the Dorder. When the original
estimates were made the expenses incident to
that service were not contemplated by the
Department, and these' deficiencies are abso-
lutely necessary, as has been fonnd by tfte
eommittee of the Honse- as well as of the Sen-
ate, to meet the expenditures in that Depart-
ment for that particular branch of the service.
The rest of the bill is for deficiencies in
legislative expenses, and I may say that a))
these items were passed upon in the first deli-'
cieney bill that was sent to the Senate from the
Honse of Representatives before the recess in
December-, so that the remaining items have
all been passed upon by both branches of Con-
gress, and perhaps in that sense may be con-
sidered to nave the judgment and approbation
of both branches. They awr tarongnt ia here
now for this reason > it witt be remembered
Ant some difference of opinion sp*ang>up be-
tween the two branches on a collateral qnes-
tion, and on that question^ the question of
stationery, the Honse concurred m the 8em
ate's proposition, but non-concurred' in its
appropriation for the payment of tbe employes
of the "Senate; so that it still left the bill pend-
; ing at so late an hour in the session before the
recess that it Was impossible to act upon it.
The Committee on Appropriations have thought
fit to insert the nncontroverted items of the
former bill in this one. '
The only remaining rieetieti of this bill re-
i lates to the repeal of the proviso to the first
| section of the act of March 8, i80&, which I
i irill read:
! *■ •' Provided, lUvrrtieten. That dnrlnr the recesd of
| COMreft Uh> Prwtdeut of the United States may,
l aad be is hereby, authorized, on tlioapplication of
I the Secretary- of the nroper Department, and not
otherwise, to direct, if in hi* opinion accessary for
! the pablie service, that a portion of the moneys
: NH>ro]
in tba
I expenditure    —- — , .
1 a special aeeouat of the moneys tbas transferred and
1 of their application shall be laid before Congress
daring the first week of their  ext ensuing session."
The committee, on an examination of the
practice under that proviso, have come to the
conclusion that irregularities in the several
I Departments, to say the least, amounting, in
j the judgment of the committee, in many in-
I stances to a positive abuse, have grown up under
| it, and for tbatreason they have recommended
. iu repeal..
< Mr. SHERMAN. The power to transfer
' appropriations has undoubtedly been abused
! and it ought to fee limited, and several efforts
j hare btean made to limit it; but I submit to the
| chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
[ tills section does not meet the difficulty at
all. The act of 1809 U osly one of seven or
eight acts that confer this express power, and
the repeal of the act of 1309 will not affect the
power. It will Ue necessary to go a good deal
further, because by reference to the gtneral
it will be found that the act of the 3d
of March, 1817, confers this power to transfer,
*od the aet of May 1, 1820, confers it in still
broader language.
Mr. GRIMES. Bend it.
Mr. SHERMAN, It is as follows:
" Theabove-sseutioned act of the 3d of March. I860,
•hall be, and thesame is hereby, so amended that the
President shall be authorized to direct a portion or
the moneys appropriated for any one of the following
bmnefc«4ofe*pejl<fitl«reWtbi a«flft4fy*6frfi*t«H?<*,
namely, for the rnbsnbSao* ef the Army, for forage,
forthe meaicat&ud hospital department,for thaqnar-
termoster's department, to bd applied to ahy other
of the above-mentioned branohos of expenditure in
the same Department. And that the President shall
be also further authorized to direct a portion of the
moneysappropriated fbr any of the following branches
of expenditure in the Nary Department, aaraely, for
provisions, for medicine and hospital stores, for re-
pairs of vessels, for clothing; to be applied to any of
the above-mentioned branches of expenditure in the
same Department; and that no transfers of appro-
priation from or to other branches of expenditare
shall be hereafter made.
.. Mr. GRIMES,. That limits the power.
Mr. SHERMAN". X kpow that this act of
May 1, 1820,# repeals the act of 1809, exoept
in these particulars; but there are other laws
on the statute-book which authorize transfers.
The act of July 2, 1836, provides:
"The President of the United States is hereby
authorized, under the restrictions of the aet of the
1st ef May, 1820, to make transfers Anmb one head of
aporopriatioQS for forttfwations t# tty t <rf another
tor a like object whenever in his opinion the publio
interest shall require it."
The act of April 6, 1838, also provides
that—
"There shall exist in the President anc| Iti the
' Postmaster General thesame power to transfer-fundi
from one to another head of appropriatioas-bwtween
the appropriations above made for tha scrvice of the
' General-Post Office, as exists tn the President and any
other head of an executive department to transfer
funds appropriated, under one head to the service ef
another, in any other branch of the pablie service."
There are other provisions ia the law of.
1842 and other laws authorising general trans-
fers. If, therefore, the committee have exam-
ined thq sulyect sufficiently to induce them to
believe that we should prohibit ill transfers,
the language of the amendment ought to be
more general. I am inclined to think that the
prohibition will embarrass the' Government,
especially certain departments of the Govern-
ment; but the! power h*s been abused. Iam
not now prepared to slate what limitation?
ought to be made on a general bill. 1 have no
doubt there are cases constantly arising In the
Departments where it is necessary to transfer
from one head of appropriation to another, but
I do not know bat that itwonld.be better, in
order to prevent the abuwn that have occurred
nnder the onthority conferred by the la*-, to
repeal the power entirely, leaving to Congress
hereafter to provide for sash eases of transfer
af Appropriation* as may toe necessary and
proper: Jf the section ia amended iu tlie part
tieiwar to which I have referred I fcavi cb
objection to it, although it w*y involve soma
fea&amesmeat ia different dapaiftments of the
Government. '
The PRESIDENT pro ttmport. The hall is
before the Senate and open to auMndment. ,
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to inter*
fere with the bilW but I will move to insert at
the end of the second section the Words: "And
bo further transfers shall be made for any par-
pose." That will at any sate pnt a stop to the
practice.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will suggest
this language s "And all other acts or parti of
acts authorizing such transfers be, and this aame
are hereby, repealed."
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; anythingthat
will accomplish the purpose will satisfy me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
meut will be reported from the desk to see it
the Clerk has got it right.
The Secretary. It is proposed to amend
section two as it now stands in the. bill by
adding;
And all aet# and partsof aoUaathorising sneh traw-
fers be, aad the same are, repealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate should dis-
tinctly understand that this is dealing with a
very difficult question, and it may a be very
embarrassing on#. It may create a_ gmat deal
of trouble in the management of tbe Depart-
ments not to have the power to transfer from
one head of appropriation to another, and
within eertain limits that power is right enough $
bnt still, as I know it has been abased, and cases
have been brought to my attention where the
«vbuse has been gross and scandalous, I am
rather inclined to think that wfe had better cut
