1946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March IS,
that the first great step necessary to be taken
to build up commerce is to cheapen the vehi-
cles, the vessels, in which that commerce is
carried. In this matter I cannot be accused
of having any paiticidar local interest to bias
me, because the State in which I live has not
a commercial port in it. If, by putting our
ship-builders on an equality with other ship-
builders, their skill and their energy will enable
• them to compete with the ship-builders of the
world, so that we shall be enabled again to
build ships as cheaply as other nations, 1 fear
not the competition of the commercial world;
and I wish to reach that result by whatever
process we properly can. When that time
comes this nation will go on prospering and
to prosper; for within our bosom, as a nation,
lies every possible commodity that is necessary
to be used in the construction of vessels.
The honorable Senator from Michigan says
his State produces iron and copper. I see
nothing in that which should induce him to
oppose this proposition. I suppose the more
iron and copper that can be used the better for
the producers of those articles.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is the point.
Mr. NYE. That is the very point I assume.
Profits in trade do not consist so much in a
small business with large profits as in a large
business with lesser profits. If the iron man
can sell twice as much iron as he does now he
can afford it at a less rate; and so with the
producer of copper. My friend from Mich-
igan is not alone a representative of a State
that produces copper. When this great inter-
nal channel of trade that is now being con-
structed shall cross the mountains and reach
out upon the plains, in the State in which I
live we shall be able to produce copper for
half the price they can produce it in Michigan.
I think the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cameron] took the noble and true view of this
question. I know that if you are going to have
cheap commerce you must have cheap vessels,
or at least vessels as cheap as those of other
nations. I would go further if Iliad the power;
for the purpose of resurrecting our commercial
prosperity I would not only give drawbacks
upon every particle of material used in the
construction of a ship, but I would give draw-
backs upon every cargo that came in an Amer-
ican bottom.
Sir, England is a wise commercial nation,
and her history is not uninteresting or unin-
structive when read. She knows that the
secret of her great commercial power is in
furnishing every facility to those who construct
the ships in which her commerce is carried on.
She has continued this policy. As the honor-
able Senator from Maine has said to-day, you
can buy for from five hundred thousand dol-
lars to five hundred and fifty thousand dollars
on the banks of the Clyde a steamship that
costs from a million to twelve hundred thousand
dollars here. Subsidies will not remedy the
disadvantage in which we stand as compared
with her. We are tired of subsidies ; the
country is tired of them. The real advantage
which her merchants hold is in the cost of the
vessel in which they transport their commodi-
ties. They start with half the cost of the ori-
ginal construction, and everthing that they
use to propel a vessel they have at lesser rates
than we have. In that way England holds her
commercial supremacy, and in that way she
will hold it till, in my judgment, this nation
learns to adopt her policy in supplying the
vehicles of conveyance as' cheaply as she does.
Mr. President, this is a subject that inter-
ests quite largely the region of country where
I reside, the Pacific coast. The honorable
Senator from California [Mr. Conness] will
excuse me for speaking as one from that
"coast." We are nowthere just in the infancy
of a great commercial future. Upon that slope
are to be built up great cities; they will be built
up in our country by opening wide the com-
mercial gates that are at hand. There we are
just commencing, or soon will commence, to
build ships; and if they are not to be built
there, every interest would dictate that we
should have them built as cheaply as they can
be on the Atlantic coast, for the purpose of
aiding, if I may use the expression, the local
commerce of the western coast.
' Senators should not be blind to the import-
ance of that western commerce. I see, Mr.
President, I think clearly, that the time will
soon arrive when the commerce of the Atlantic
ocean will be to that of the Pacific what the
commerce of the Mediterranean is to the com-
merce of the world to-day. We have just
opened there now commercial relations with
six hundred million people. Heretofore the
whole commercial relations of this country
were mainly with a population of one hun-
dred and sixty millions in the European world.
We are now opening commerce with the na-
tions of Asia, and they are no inferior race,
either. It is quite common to talk in terms
not very commendatory of China and China-
men and of Japan and the Japanese. But, sir,
they produce what is produced nowhere else.
They produce the fruits of the sun, the trade
in which constitutes a large portion of the
commercial importance of Great Britain, and
out of which that empire has grown commer-
cially rich. There, sir, we come in contact
with arts older than our civilization on this
continent, and wo shall there find great articles
of commerce for this country.
It is right at this poiut that the Senator
from Maine moves this amendment to give life
and vigor to what is now perishing and dying.
I join with him in that effort. It seems to me an
opportune moment, that if we can do but little
that little shall be done ; and I may speak for
those who are now engaged in the construction
of those mighty ships for the China trade, that
they shall share in the benefit of being the
originators and great projectors of this import-
ant commercial line. Their ships are ships of
four thousand tons, propelled by an enginery
as resistless as the typhoons and simoons
through which they run, and with a daring
management that bespeaks itself to the confi-
dence of the legislator who is legislating for
the future interests of the commerce of the
country.
It seems to me, sir, entirely fit and proper
that this small step at least should be taken.
I intend, when the tariff question comes up in
its full shape and form, to offer a proposition
which shall cover this whole subject, and I
think I shall be able to show abiding reasons
why it should be adopted, and large advantages
held out to build up our commerce. For, sir,
the history of the past shows the fact that no
nation has ever been great that has not been
commercially great, and that no nation can
ever be great without this arterial circulation
that permeates through every vein of com-
merce. It must have an arterial circulation,
and while we are talking of Maine let us
remember that the main channels are arterial.
I bespeak for this nation the proper consider-
ation of this great subject. I am glad to see
this little amendment. Small though it is, it
is the beginning of a new era; it is the begin-
ning of a life to a dwindling power ; it is for
our best interests now and hereafter. I hope
at least that the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I will not
occupy the Senate long. The question before
us primarily is whether we shall relieve cer-
tain industries of this country from the inter-
nal taxation imposed upon them. To that is
moved as an amendment a proposition to ex-
empt at the same time the ship-building inter-
est of the country from certain burdens that
have been imposed upon it; and to that is
moved a proposition to include ocean steamers
in the amendment proposed to exempt sailing
vessels.
Mr. President, all these propositions together
present a very extended form of question,
one that, in my opinion, we cannot safely
or wisely deal with at this time. Prior to the
war this country and its people knew nothing
of direct internal taxes. I hope, as all our
people hope, soon to see the period when they
will know them no more. It was only during
a period of the greatest public danger, when
the credit of the nation must be sustained by
revenue derived from some quarter and from
any and all quarters, that internal revenue
taxes were imposed upon and borne by the
American people. When the war closed we
had our immense debt to deal with—an ascer-
tained debt of monstrous size, and an unascer-
tained debt of a great extent. We could not
then dispose of the internal taxes or the bur-
densimp'osed by our legislation upon the indus-
try of the country at once. Three years ot
nearly three years have passed since the close
of hostilities, since the great expenditures re-
quired by the continuance of the war. During
that time or nearly during the entirety of it
the nation's Treasury has not been relieved
from great expenditures, but for the first year
they went on very nearly at the rate they had
attained when our great armies were in the
field. Now, as soon as we could come to the
consideration of this subject, it has been pro-
posed to remit a certain class of internal taxa-
tion. To that proposition I am here to say
amen, and to give it my vote and support.
I listened to the statement made yesterday
by the chairman of the Committee on Finance
with interest. He told us that this was not to
be considered the measure of this session for
the reduction of taxation, but that it was a pre-
liminary step, one necessary to be taken, and
which might be acted upon now with compar-
ative safety. I agree with him; and while I
shall be ready at any time to join with the hon-
orable Senator from Maine in any measure that
he and others can devise for the relief of the
interest which he proposes to assist by his
amendment, namely, the ship-building interest,
I do not think that this is the time or that this
is the bill to attach it to.
I feel, Mr. President, as a Representative
of the Pacific coast, a new country, where the
business of ship-building is just beginning, that
it is my duty to afford every possible facility to
that interest consistent with the national inter-
ests and necessities; and T shall be ready to co-
operate with my honorable friend from Maine,
and would be even if that interest did not
directly affect the people whom I immediately
represent here. 1 know that the ship-build-
ing interest, which was so important at one
time to the people of the State he represents
here with so much honor and ability, is in a
condition that requires all the assistance we
can lend it by favorable legislation. But, sir,
it is a large question ; and nobody knows its
extent and reach better than the Senator. It
involves the question whether citizens of the
United States requiring the use of ships shall
be prevented fiom going into the cheapest
market to buy them. It is a question that
comes to us now at a period when the marine
of the country is being rapidly changed from
one propelled by sails to one propelled by
steam, introducing a new feature and a new
set, of considerations. I do not think we can
deal safely or wisely with it in connection with
this proposition, and I am not in favor of in-
cumbering this proposition with it. I hope,
on the contrary, that we shall vote with prompt-
ness and dispatch to relieve the interest to be
relieved by the bill before us, and then that
we shall go forward to do as much in the same
direction for all the other industrial interests
of the country as we can do.
These are my .views in brief in regard to the
proposition now immediately before us; and
these are my intimations and promises, to be
carried out faithfully, in connection with such
measures as my friend from Maine shall see fit
to present to us for our consideration and for
the relief of the interest that now suffers so
much in the country.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I do not
wish to endanger the passage of the bill now
before the Senate by attaching to it this or any
other amendmeut, however meritorious it may
be. If attaching to it this amendment will
