562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16
l
op the whole system, and then allow them to
present cases where transfers are proper.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I am instructed by the
joint Committee on the Library to offer the
following amendment, to come in after line ,
fifty-seven, on page 3, of the bill:
To enable the joint Committee on the Library to pay
the balance due P. II. Kendall for labor performed
in editing tho writings of James Madison, 812,100.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I raise the ques-
tion of order whether that is or is not a private
claim. I should like to hear a statement from
the Senator in regard to it.
Mr. MORGAN. Whether it is or is not a
private claim the Senate must decide. It is, I
believe, a just claim. Mr. Fendall was cm-
ployed to edit tho writings of Mr. Madison.
His original claim was $1,000; but it was
finally reduced by the committee to $3,000,
$900 of which has been paid to him, and $2,100
is the balancc, now proposed to be paid by this
amendment. A bill passed the House of Rep-
resentatives last year appropriating that sum,
but it was not considered in the Senate. It
was not considered by the various committees
that were appointed. Whether this is or is
not a private claim the Senate must decide. I
am instructed by the Committee on the Library
to offer it on this deficiency bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is some
difficulty, perhaps, about this matter. I will ,
read the resolution by which the authority for ]
the publication of these papers was given: j
" Whereas the joint Committee of the two Houses of
Congress on the Library were authorized by an act
approved August 18,1856, and amended June 25,1860,
to cause to be printed and published ono thousand
copies of the papers of James Madison; and whereas
the sum appropriated I'orsuch purpose has been found
insufficient: Therefore,
"Iteeoioed, tic., Tliatthesaid joint Library Commit-
tee are hereby authorized to contract for the publish-
ing of five hundred copies of said papers, in lieu of
the one thousand copies heretofore authorized, and
for tho same sum."
It seems to me to be very clear that there
was no authority for the expenditure of any
larger sum than was appropriated. After it
was found that $8,000 would not pay for the
one thousand copies ordered, the whole matter
seems to have been arranged and adjusted by
authorizing a less number for the same shm of
money. The inference would seem to be very
clear that this was to ba in full for the five hun-
dred copies which have been furnished. I do
not understand that any larger number has been
furnished. It seems to me, therefore, that
there was no authority of law for this expend-
iture ; that at best this is in the nature of a
private claim, and I raise that question whether
it is or is not a private claim.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, I suppose
it is a private claim, and therefore it cannot
he attached to an appropriation bill. It seems
it is to pay a certain individual an indebted-
ness due him, and I suppose it is not in order
as an amendment to this bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not rise
to oppose the appropriations in thisbill to which
I wish to call attention, because the money hav-
ing been expended I suppose it must now be
paid ; but, as a matter of curiosity, I should like
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions to inform the Senate whether this appro-
priation of $15,000 lor the stationery of the
House of Representatives and of $1*2,500 for
newspapers is for sums expended in the brief
summer weeks of the extra session on the part
of the House for those purposes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand,
and it was so stated on a former occasion when
this other deficiency bill was before the Sen-
ate, that those sums relate to a deficiency for
the two short sessions of March and July. But
as I understood, the habit of the committee of
the Senate was to trust very much to the com-
mittee of the other House in estimating the de-
ficiencies of that House. I am not able to say
very particularly how that matter is.
Mr. ANTHONY. I presume the appropri-
ation for stationery in the bill probably in-
cludes a considerable amount that is now on
hand ; that it does not follow that the amount
was all consumed during the short session ; and
so of the newspaper money. I take it that it
is for the whole year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No.
Mr. AN THONY. At all events, the mem-
bers of the House are limited to a fixed and
certain sum for newspapers and stationery.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think perhaps
the inquiry of the Senator from Vermont would
convey a wrong impression. This appropriation
is not for a deficiency for those two sessions
simply; but it is a deficiency for the entire year
ending June 80, 1868. Probably the greater
portion of it, not the entire portion, arose from
the fact of those extra sessions. But we con-
sidered the action of the House on those items,
so clearly within its own control and judgment,
as a sufficient voucher for our own action.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not ob-
ject to the appropriation; but the Senator from
Maine cannot be right, because there was a
regular appropriation made at the regular ses-
sion for the entire year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Those appro-
priations were found insufficient, I suppose, in
consequence of the extra sessions of Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As it is the intention to
cut np by the roots this discretion that has been
exercised by the Departments of using money
appropriated for one purpose for another, and
as I am not entirely satisfied that the amend-
ment that has been adopted as a second sec-
tion will accomplish that object, I offer the fol-
lowing, to come in at the end of the amend-
ment that was adopted in Committee of the
Whole:
And no money appropriated for ono purpose shall
hereafter bo used for any other purpose than that
for which it is appropriated.
Mr. CONNES3. If that is to be adopted I
wish to insert the words ''withoutauthority of
law" in the place where they will appropri-
ately come in, because otherwise this might
amount to a repeal of-authority already given
to use appropriations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the intention.
Mr. CONNESS. Never mind about the
intention. I want to make it clear. I have a
case in my mind where it might give trouble,
and if it is the intention there can be no objec-
tion to the insertion of these words.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will defeat the
whole object of the section. They claim that
they have authority of law to make these
transfers from one appropriation to another.
Now, I understand the design of the Senator
from Maine and of the Senate to be to stop
this use of money for a different object than
that for which it has been appropriated. If
you insert in the amendment the words sug-
gested by the Senator from California 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
amendment is not in order unless it is received
as a modification of the Senator's motion.
Mr. CONNESS. I will state a case to the
Senator, and then I think he will concede some-
thing in the matter. Congress last year author-
ized a geological survey to be made of the
region between the Rocky and Sierra Nevada
mountains provided the expenses of the same
should be taken from unexpended appropria-
tions in the War Department. That work is
now going on. It is not the object of the Sen-
ator to stop that; and yet if this amendment be
adopted, and it is to be construed, being a law
inore'Veeeiitly passed, as a repeal of the author-
ity formerly given; it Would havo an effect that
I should not like it to have.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest to the Sena-
tor from California that the amendment would
not probably affect the case to which he alludes.
The money is already appropriated for that
purpose, I suppose. I do not know the facts
about the case to which he alludes.
Mr. CONNESS. In this case there never
was a specific appropriation made, but there
were unexpended balances in the War Depart-
ment which might be used and were authorized
to be used for that puipose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If these bal-
ances exist of course they will be appropriated
by the law that the Senator refers to.
Mr. CONNESS. Unless this provision
should stop it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This would
not stop it.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Califor-
nia makes a very strong argument in favor of
the adoption of a provision of this kind ; but I
do not think his case is really met by the pro-
vision before us.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not thmk I am making
a strong argument in favor of a proposition of
this kind. Congress has a right to do what it
chooses with the public money for public pur-
poses, and in the case to which I refer it was
very well understood that it was an appropria-
tion of money.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
that in the case put by him I think the action
of Congress heretofore would be sufficient to
authorize the application of unexpended bal-
ances for the purpose he states ; but the very
fact that money appropriated for the transpor-
tation of the Army might be used to pay the
expenses of a geological survey is a pretty
! strong case, and yet it may have been done
and has been done. Cases as marked as that
j have occurred in the War Department, where
i appropriations made to feed the soldiers have
j been transferred to some purposes entirely
I outride of that.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator will say that
it would not be a strong case unless the
Department had, without authority of law,
made the transfer. They did not do so: they
; refused to do so ; but by the distinct authority
of law it was an actual appropriation. But
after the remarks of the honorable chair-
man of the Finance Committee developing that
statement that this provision would not have
such an effect, I have no further objection to it.
What I want is that the Department in dis-
criminating should have a guide to go by, and
that this should not be received as a repeal of
what we have done.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. By no possibil-
ity could this amendment reach the case sup-
posed by the Senator from California. I think
1 will state a single instance to show the irreg-
ularity of the proceedings under this proviso
to the act of March 3, 1809. It will be seen
in the report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
embracing the Quartermaster General's esti-
mates, that there was no appropriation asked
for the current year for the quartermaster's
department. They seemed to rely upon a
balance in that department of $19,139,000 as
adequate; but it turns out that at the same
time they really contemplated the expenditure
of some $46,000,000. Where was it to come
from? Why, they were to obtain it by the
exercise of the authority of this proviso in the
act of March 3, 1809. It will be remarked
that the proviso only authorizes such a transfer
when Congress is not in session. If an emer-
gency arises when Congress is not in session,
then, under that act, the President of the
United States may authorize such a transfer.
But the Quartermaster General, anticipating
the exercise of that authority, it will be seen,
asked for no appropriation, and so far as
Congress or the country is concerned the
presumption would be that he is running his
department from the balance in his hands of
$19,000,000. Where was he to get this fund
from? It was said he was to get $15,000,000,
which he puts down in this way, and which has
been really transferred to the quartermaster's
department and used—" transfer appropria-
tion, warrant No. 60"—that is all the refer-
ence made to it—for $15,000,000 which the
quartermaster's department has used up. If
you look to "transfer warrant No. 60" it will
be found to be a sum theretofore appropriated
for the recruiting service, and which was left
