2970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
principle as this, that any State in this Union
under a constitution that forbids the passage
of a law impairing the obligation of contracts
could at any time pass a law and say that no
courts within its jurisdiction shall take cogni-
zance of any cause of action which has arisen
before that time. If they can say 1865 they
can say 1867.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Ohio to this consider-
ation: if there is any benefit to accrue to
Georgia frotn having the provisions retained in
their constitution, the fundamental condition
imposed by this law does not deprive them of
that benefit, for the provisions which they have
placed in their constitution would be just as
effective and valid if placed upon their statute-
book, and the fundamental condition imposed
by this law does not prevent their placing them
on their statute-book. My own opinion is that
they would be as perfectly worthless and invalid
on their statute-book as they are in the consti-
tution, because, being contrary to the provisions
of the Constitution of the United States, they
would be so declared by the courts; but it'
they are worth anything in the constitution
there is nothing in our act that prevents their
having all the benefit of them by enacting them
as laws.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, disguise
this as we will, it is simply repudiation. We
can make nothing else out of it. The Con-
stitution of the United States provides that no
State shall pass a law impairing the obligation
of a contract. It cannot do this by a simple
law, nor can it do it by a constitution. It is
simply repudiation ; and although this provis-
ion may have contributed to make the consti-
tution popular in the State of Georgia, we can-
pot and. dare not give it our indorsement here.
Sir, there is a party in this country that stands
on the very threshold of repudiation of our
whole national debt; there is a party that
stands ready to seize any, the slightest pretext
for repudiating the national debt; and I ask
how the party of the Union, I ask how the
Republican party, the party of good faith,
would be paralyzed if it should dare to justify
the State of Georgia in repudiating honest debts
there—all debts contracted before a certain
time in 1865? Sir, we would thus indorse in
advance the very thing with which we are
threatened in this country.
The debts to be repudiated by this constitu-
tion are many of them as honest as our na-
tional debt, as honest as any class of debts,
and the State of Georgia has no more right to
repudiate them than we have to repudiate the
national debt. This provision is false in prin-
ciple. It may have been put in for the very
purpose suggested by the Senator from Ohio,
expecting that it would be repudiated by Con-
gress. It may have been put in for the pur-
pose of making the constitution popular. I
will not say that, but that there are thousands
of men in that State who would be willing to
get rid of their debts there is no doubt. There
are plenty of men in every State who would be
willing to vote for a constitution that would
relieve them of all their debts. Rut, sir, we
dare not give it our sanction here.
It seems, under the provision referred to by
the Senator from Illinois, that we can strike out
or disagree to this provision, and yet notprevent
the organization of the State government of
Georgia. It will be organized and will go on
just as well as if this was not done, and steer
clear of all the legal difficulties, as is sug-
gested by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmcxds.] But how dare we give our sanc-
tion to a bold, palpable, and bald repudiating
clause ? I do not, wish to argue it further.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask my col-
league one question before he takes his seat.
Mr. MO ETON. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I agree with him that
this is a monstrous proposition, that any State
can repudiate debts that were legal at the time
they were contracted: but if this provision,
however vicious it may be, appealed to a class
of the community and secured for the consti-
tution a large vote which, perhaps, otherwise
might not have gone for it, after this provision
is stricken out., how can the Senator say that
the constitution thus changed would have
received the vote of the people?
Mr. MORTON. I will endeavor to answer
my colleague. The argument that this consti-
tution would not, perhaps, have been adopted
but for this provision, was not made by me. I
do not know how many voted for it on that
account. Probably there were more men who
voted against it on that account than who voted
for it on that account, or as many. If one man
owes a debt, he owes it to somebody else, and
if he is interested in getting clear of his debt,
and therefore votes for the constitution, the
other man is interested in collecting his debt,
and therefore votes against it; so that, perhaps,
the thing would operate both ways. The con-
stitution was adopted by a large majority. But,
sir, whatever the motive may have been that
put it there, it is unconstitutional, and it is
dishonest.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator give way to enable we to move an execu-
tive session':'
Mr. HOWARD. I have but afew words to
say.
Mr. SHERMAN. So far as this amend-
ment is concerned, if my friend from Maine
will allow me, I will withdraw it. My impres-
sion is that the eleventh section of the eleventh
article 
The PRESIDING OFFfCER, (Mr. As-
thony in the chair.) The Senatorfrom Mich-
igan has the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. I have but a few words to
say; and then I will yield to my friend from
Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ator will allow me to move an executive ses-
sion now.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well ; I yield for
that purpose.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of exec-
utive business; and after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 9, 1868.
The House met at eleven o'clockja. m., pur-
suant to order, for the purpose of receivingthe
Chinese embassy.
The SPEAKER. Before directing the Clerk
to read the Journal of yesterday, the Chair
announces the appointment of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] on the com-
mittee of reception in the place of his colleague,
[Mr. Wood,] who is detained at home by ill-
ness. The reading of the Journal will be sus-
pended when the Doorkeeper shall announce
the presence of the committee of the House
of Representatives and the Chinese embassy ;
and in coming fiom the principal door down
to the area ill front of the Speaker's desk the
House of Representatives will receive them
standing. Before the formal presentation takes
place the Chair will announce the period at
which members shall resume their seats by a
single stroke of the gavel, and after the presenta-
tion the committee will introduce the embassy
to members individually who desire so to be
introduced to them. The Clerk will now read
the Journal of yesterday.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
Journal of yesterday until interrupted by the
Doorkeeper, who announced the committee of
the House of Representatives with the Chinese
embassy.
reception or tub chinese embassy.
On the announcement of the presence of the
committee of the House of Representatives
with the Chinese embassy the members of the
House arose in their seats. The committee
and the embassy having taken their position
in the area in front of the Speaker's desk,
Mr. SCHENCK, on behalf of the commit-
tee, said: Mr. Speaker, the committee charged
by your appointment with that duty, have the
honor to present to the House of Representa-
tives his Excellency Anson Burlingame, and
their Excellencies his associates in the Chi-
nese embassy.
The SPEAKER. Tour Excellencies: The
House of Representatives intermits its ordinary
labors to-day to receive in this Hall the em-
bassy which the oldest nation of the world has
commissioned to America and Europe; and
in the name of the people of the United States
we bid you welcome. Spanning a continent
in our area, from the Bay of Fundy to the
granite portals of the Golden Gate, we turn
our faces from the fatherland of Europe to
clasp hands in closer relations than ever before
with those who come to us from that continent
which was the birthplace of mankind.
Nor does it lessen our pleasure that the chief
of this embassy, when transferred from mem-
bership here t,o diplomatic duties abroad, so
won the confidence of his imperial majesty to
whom he was accredited that he returns to
our midst, honored with his distinguished asso-
ciates, as the custodians of the most remark-
able trust ever committed by an emperor to
his envoys.
This embassy of the Chinese empire, which
has attracted such universal attention, has been
hailed throughout our land, not only as mark-
ing an onward step in the world's history, but
as being of peculiar-interest to this Republic.
With our western States fronting the same
Pacific sea on which the millions of China have
looked, ages before our country was born, into
the family of nations; with our Pacific rail-
road rapidly approaching completion, and des-
tined, with the steamers plying from its termini,
East and West, to become the highway of com-
merce between Asia and Europe ; with our
possessions on the Pacific slope, nearest of all
the great nations to the empire from which you
come, we hail your appearance at this Capitol
as the augury of closer commercial and inter-
national intercourse.
Wishing you as cordial a greeting wherever
you may go, on the Thames and the Seine, the
Danube and the Rhine, the Baltic and the
Adriatic, I give you again an earnest and a
heartfelt welcome.
Mr. Bcruksamb said: Mr. Speaker, in
behalf of my associates and myself, I thank
you for this warm and unusual reception. It
transcends all personal compliment. It is the
greeting of one great people by another. It
is the Occident and the Orient for the first time
in that electric contact whose touch makes the
whole world kin. It is the meeting of two
civilizations which have hitherto revolved in
separate Spheres, and it is a mighty revolution.
Let us hnpe. sir, that it, will go on without
those convulsions which are too apt to mark
great changes in human affairs. Let us hope,
sir, that it will be achieved without the shed-
ding of one drop of human blood. We are for
peace. We come not with beat of drum, nor
martial tread, though representing the latent
power of eighty million fighting men. We are
heralds of good will. We seek for China that
i equality without which nations and men are
I degraded. We seek not only the good of China,
I but we seek your good and the good of all man-
| kind. We do this in no sentimental sense.
i We would be practical as the toiling millions
| whom we represent. We invite you to a broader
I trade; we invite you to a more intimate exam-
! ination of the structure of Chinese civilization;
; we invite you to a better appreciation of the
j manners of that people, their temperance, their
\ patience, their habits of scholarship, their com-
i petitive examinations, their high culture of tea
' and silk; and we shall ask for them from you
i modern science, which has taken its great
! development within the memory of man and
! the holy doctrines of our Christian feith. It
