1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3995
tions. It must grow up as the credit of an
individual would grow up.
It has been well stated heretofore that we
have suffered a great deal by the wat. We
were during ail the period of the war destroy-
ing instead of producing ; we were reducing
our wealth rather than adding to it; and so
great was the destruction, so great the reduc-
tion of our wealth as a nation, that it became,
impossible for us to pay as we were paying
before that time; and at this day our credit
is very considerably below par. Our promises
to pay are only worth about seventy cents on
the dollar in gold. This is a fact that is patent
to us all. Our credit is so much below par
that there is no use in trying to conceal the
fact, or by vain declarations to reach some
other conclusion.
We are now improving our condition as a
nation. We are adding to its wealth rapidly.
In a few years we shall be in a position to
pay our current liabilities m the ordinary coin
of the world, and to pay also our bonds in the
same currency. But until we have built up
our credit, until time elapses, until our wealth
has been increased, it will be utterly in vain
for us to attempt the payment of all our obli-
gations in gold. I suppose the credit of a
nation does not differ much from that of an
individual. Before the war we were exceed-
ingly prosperous. We lacked hardly anything
that makes a nation great. But we suffered
calamity after calamity ; and so our credit was
reduced. If an individual who was in a pros-
perous condition meets with calamity by fire
or flood it for the time being will destroy his
credit; and if he is compelled to borrow for
the purpose of replacing his losses he will
pursue precisely the same course that we as a
nation liave done: he will have to mortgage
the property that he has, and pay a heavy
interest, and his credit will be for the time
reduced ; but when he has had time to repair
his losses, then, and not before, his obligations
will be at par. 1 do not believe that it is
possible by a declaration to bring ourselves
back to a specie basis. The only way in which
it can bo done, in my judgment, is by the pro-
cess which adds to our national wealth. When
we have reached the position that we occupied
before the war we shall then be upon a specie
basis; but we cannot reach there by any
short cut.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I do not
know that 1 have any views on the subject now
before the Senate which are of any value to the
public; but, like all other Senators, I feel a deep
interest in it, and as the discussion has pro-
gressed I have been not a little pained at the
direction it has taken. .
The proposition directly before us is an
amendment offered bytheSenator from Maine,
to leave the option of payment within ten years
to the Government of the bonds proposed to
be issued, the effect of which, in my opinion,
if adopted, would be to defeat the purpose of
the pending bill, whicli is, as I understand it,
an offer to the bondholders to release and give
up the bonds they now hold for bonds of a
longer date and lower rate of interest, abso-
lutely and positively, by the terms of the law
providing for their issue, payable principal and
interest in gold. I regard that proposition as
a feu* one.
In place of attempting to hold the Senator
from Ohio up to public odium for inconsist-
ency or change of opinion I hail and welcome
the proposition that he has now presented to
us, as contradistinguished from that presented
at the early part of the session by him. The
former was a coercive proposition, and the
views in which it was advocated were perhaps
more strongly coercive than the terms of the
measure, and I regretted the utterance of
both. You cannot deal with a creditor and
maintain your character except in one of
two ways: you must either pay what you
owe oi you must propose an honest and hon-
orable mode of settlement and adjustment; that
is to say, you must, pay when you can, and if
cannot pay him now, or when the debt is
due, and you can a%ree upon terms with your
creditorforan extension of the day of payment,
those terms must be acceptable to him, or else
your credit falls. Therefore, as the pending
measure offers a long bond with absolute secur-
ity by the terms of the law of the payment of
Jtlie principal and interest in gold or silver,
though presented at a lower rate of interest,
which the public welfare demands, it is a fair
and honest proposition, and one, in my opin-
ion, that will be accepted by the bondholders.
It is therefore an advantageous proposition. It
is one that I am in favor of.
I regretted most deeply when the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron]
denounced the measure m the severe language
which he applied to it. I do not think that
my friend conld have meant what he said in
truth and earnestness in imputing to the Sen-
ator from Ohio the introduction of a measure
here gotten up, as he said, by the Treasury
Department, having for its purposes some mys-
terious objects, which he could not compre-
hend nor understand. I do not always, while
I sit here and listen to the able Senator from
Ohio, agree with all he says; but I think no
one can denyJiim the highest integrity and
purity of motive and purpose. I do not think
that my honorable friend from Pennsylvania
intended to say just what he did. I agree with
him in both the letter and spirit of what he
otherwise said, except that part of it which so
strongly deprecated the presentation of this
measure at this time. Mr. President, I think
it is an opportune time. It is a time when a
party in this country, seeking and contesting
for the power of this nation, have emblazoned
upon their banners repudiation of the public
debt and destruction, consequent of the public
credit. The time when such a proposition is
made IS, in my opinion, the time to meet it.
It is not many days since a resolution was
adopted in the House ot' Representatives, not
by a party vote, but by a non political vote,
instructing the Committee of Ways and Means
of that body to report to it a measure impos-
ing a tax of ten per cent, upon the coupons
of the bonds. The committee obeyed the
behest of the House, but to their lasting credit
reported that they were against the measure,
and between that bold and honest declaration
and the indignation and common sense of the
country standing by the public credit, that not
simply questionable, but corrupt and faithless
proposition fell still-born. It fell as it ought
to fall, stamped with the infamy of an attempted
violation of the public faith.
But, Mr. President, while I say this it is an
unmistakable fact that the rates of interest
paid upon the public debt of the United States
are rates that make great additional public
burdens; and I welcome the proposition at
this time and in the manner proposed to reduce
the rate of interest without in any manner
tainting the public credit. Therefore it is
that I regret the remarks of my honorable
friend from Pennsylvania. In the other part
of his remarks, which described in a few short,
terse sentences the political failure of every
man in his State who, in the days of its dis-
tresses, undertook to ride into power by an
assault upon the credit of the Commonwealth,
I recognized a true and just statement; and
so it will be with those whouudertake to origin-
ate or to cater to a dishonorable public senti-
ment touching our national credit and our
national debt.
Why, Mr. President, when and how and un-
der what circumstances was that debt created?
When the national existence was assaulted by
a party that-through long years of war proved
nearly our equals in point of use of lorce;
when loans that might be obtained from exist-
ing banking institutions were totally inade-
quate to the payment of the public expenses,
and the nation itself had to go out among its
own people, we were proud, and should still
be proud, of the patriotism which iuruished
the means of carrying oil the war and defend-
ing the nation's integrity. It is yet fresh iu the
memory of every Senator and of every man in
this land how we hailed each morning the
heralded statements of the amount of our obli-
gations that the people from hamlet and vil-
lage, from town and city, all over our broad-
spread land, sent in to invest in the national
bonds. Wc said, '• here is America, in defense
of republican institutions and in defense of
human liberty,-not only ready to take the field
and spill its people's blood, but here, too,
it comes with its means ample from every
sourceand it was our proud boast that this
was the ease.
Mr. President, have we forgotten so soon
what were then our proud boasts? Shall we
now join in this dishonorable cry of a party
who seek the acquisition of power for other
reasons and purposes by unitingin their assault
upon the public credit? No, sir; 1 am happy
to say that that is not the position ot the party
to which I belong; and though there are found
here and there men weak for the time, who
live in the midst of a public sentiment that they
feel it either their interest or to their taste for
the time to cultivate and pander to. Yet they
are the inconsiderable numbers. The banner
which we have erected of '' security of national
unity and national credit" will go on and at-
tract the support of the people of this country
until both shall be consolidated iu the results
of the next election.
There are some views touching some of the
causes which lie at the foundation of the pres-
ent condition of our public debt that I should
like just at this time to go on and utter, but I
did not rise to make a speech and will confine
myself within narrower limits.
I regretted, and regretted deeply, the speech
made by my honorable friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Morton.] X know that there is in tbo
West what is termed a greenback sentiment, a
common sentiment such as has been uttered
by the convention recently convened at Net-.*
York, that the money iu which the soldiers
and the people are paid is good enough lor
the bondholder. \Vhy, Mr. President, tho
mone3' iu which all arc paid and shall be paid
shatl be made good, and we are not the men
to cast a stain or discredit upon it.
I regretted, too, the utterances of my col-
league. My object is not to reprobate either
him or his views, but 1 leel it incumbent upon
me to make a statement to the contrary of
them. He of all men, representing the Com-
monwealth he does, should not undertake to
reduce the standard of the public credit, if
there be ill regard to any part ot the bonds
that have been issued by the United States a
doubt as to the currency in which they shall
be paid, and the letter is not positive as to their
payment, let the spirit of the statutebe obeyed;
let us go further than the letter of the law to
maintain inviolate the public credit. Why,
sir, what did his own State do? it had issued
more than four millions of bonds when this
war took place. They were not made payable
in gold by any specific statement. They stated
expressly even less than the condition ot the
five twenty bonds. When Congress, in the
exercise of its power—an extreme case we all
admit it to have been, but it was done and
exercised under a controlling public necessity—
passed the legal-tender act, California might
have paid its debt to the holders of its
bonds, and the interest upon them, in legal-
tender notes. Did it do so? No, sir. Wnen
gold was at three hundred in notes, California
came forward and voluntarily paid its interest
in gold. Massachusetts did the same. 1 honoi
| Massachusetts not for that alone, but lor all
j of her proud record, and for none more than
ii that; and so the credit of those two States
ii stands preeminent to-day.
ij Mr. MOIUiiLIi, of Vermont. Should they
stand higher than the credit of the United
i! States?
|l Mr. COYNESS. My fuend asks should
:| they stand higher than the credit ot the United
!! States. Certainly not. The United States
jj with its great resoarees, with its now proud
I history, with its recent accomplishments, with
ii a conceded status in the economy of the world
