1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
endanger ita passage I am not for the amend-
ment, tor I want this bill to pass in substance
as it is now before the SiJnate.
But, Mr. President, I cannot let this occasion
pass without expressing the deep feeling I have
on the question of the decline in American
ship-building, the loss of our mercantile ma-
rine. It is a question of national defeuse
and it is a question of national power. It
is something more than simply protecting a
branch of American industry. There is the
same propriety in protecting ship-building that
there is_ in protecting manufactures of any
other kind; that there is in protecting the
manufacture of iron, of copper, or of cordage.
But, sir, beyond all that, this is a question of
national defense and power. The nations that
build the ships wiil chiefly navigate them; that
is the history of the world ; and if ship-build-
ing shall pass away from us, our mercantile
marine will pass away from us, and then with it
will pass away our nursery of seamen, and our
mechanics to build ships will pass away, and
we shall be at the mercy of any other great
naval Power. Why, sir, what do we rely upon
now ? \Ve propose to cut down our Navy; we
will not incur the expense of maintaining a
Navy that is equal to or that can compete with
the navy of England, or of Prance, or of Rus-
sia, because in case of war we r^y upon im-
provising a navy, building up one for the oc-
casion ; but to do that we must have the sea-
men to begin with, and we must have the
mechanics that can build our ships ; for when
that time comes we cannot borrow seamen,
nor can we buy ships or borrow mechanics.
Perhaps it would be proper (I am not pre-
pared to answer thatquestion to-day) to attach
this amendment to the bill. But 1 desire it to
be understood that I am for taking all proper
measures in legislation to protect the ship-
building interest of this country. It is not
simply a question of protecting American in-
dustry, protecting American manufactures, but
it goes to the very foundation of our power.
During the late war, when it became neces-
sary to blockade two thousand miles of coast,
we rapidly formed a Navy that was able to
perform that operation ; but if the present
decline in ship-building shall go on, if other
countries shall so rapidly and completely
almost monopolize the great carrying trade of
the world, we cannot do that thing in the future,
because we shall not have the ships, and more
than that we shall not have the seamen..
I agree with the sentiments expressed by the
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye.] One great
element of our power from the time we were
Colonies, and that which enabled us to succeed
in the war of the Revolution, was the great
progress the Colonies had made in commerce,
m ship-building. They had a vast mercantile
marine at the beginning of the revolutionary
war, when you consider their population and
their circumstances, and that mercantile ma-
rine grew in power until the beginning of
the late war. It gave us influence throughout
the world. There was not a sea that was not
whitened with the sails of our commerce. We
were proud of it, and it was a material part of
our national bragging and boasting that we in-
dulged in. But, sir, that lias passed away
now to a great extent and is rapidly passing
from us. It is therefore incumbent on the
Congress of the United States at an early day
to take such steps as shall stop this decline in
this great national interest, for it is sapping
the very foundation of our power. It goes be-
yond the question of the duty to protect the
manufacture of cloth or of iron or of copper
or of anything else; it comprehends all the
interests that are embraced in the protection
of these things, and it comprehends something
more, a vast deal more; it comprehends the
power of national defense.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I do not
propose to follow the Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Nye] in his glowing descriptions of the
Pacific commerce as it is to be; nor do I pro-
pose to controvert the views of the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Mortox.] My own expe-
rience is that ships are not commerce and the
owning of ships does not create commerce. In
order to have commerce you must protect and
encourage the jiroduction of that which cre-
ates a commerce. Now, sir, we shall find
that to enlarge our commerce we must offer
inducements to our people which will create
that commerce, offer inducements to Ameri-
can shipping over foreign shipping. This is
simply a question of free trade. I have before
me the amendment, and I-say it is free trade
in every single article that enters into the pro-
duction of a ship. The provision is that " on
and after the passage of this act there shall be
allowed and paid a drawback equal in amount
to the import duty paid on all lumber, hemp,
(manilla,) copper," and iron of certain de-
scriptions, and all descriptions that go into the
production of a ship. livery article that goes
into the construction of a ship is enumerated.
If you are going to admit into this country free
of duty every article that goes into the con-
struction of a ship why not admit a ship free
of duty? If you abandon your cord-makers,
your sail-makers, your copper miners and your
lumber interests, why protect the man who
builds a ship? Sir, if you are going to have
free trade, have free trade fully and have it
honestly; import your ships, build them where
ever they can be built cheapest, and bring
them in free.
If you can build on the Clyde for $500,000
a vessel that would cost $1,000,000 here, build
it there. By this amendment you abandon
every American interest that enters into ship-
building except simply the mechanic, who
works  n the construction of a ship. Sir, if
you mean free trade, if you are in favor of
free trade, if you intend to abandon your min-
ing interests, your iron mines, your copper
mines, your cord-makers, your sail-makers,
your lumbermen, your mills—if you intend to
abandon all these interests of American pro-
duction, carry out the principle and admit ships
duty free; build them on the Clyde, build them
in Russia, build them in Gernjany, build them
in Canada, build them anywhere else on the
face of God's earth where they can be built
cheapest, and then bring them in duty free.
But, sir, this proposition goes far beyond the
building of ships in this country. One half
the product of copper in the United States, as
I am informed, is used, in times of peace, in
ship-building. The bottom of every ship that
goes to sea is cased with copper. Every steam-
ship requires an immense amount of copper
and of iron. You abandon by this proposition
one half the market for copper and iron. The
Senator from Nevada asks will not theincrease
in the amount of business benefit the copper
and iron mines? Certainly; but by this propo-
sition you cut off one half the market. There
is not a mine on Lake Superior to-day that is
not running at a loss, if it is running at all. Our
production has fallen from nearly ten thousand
to six thousand tons of copper annually, and
it will be not over three thousand tons next
year, even with the present protection, which
amounts really to nothing. You are abandon-
ing by this proposition every American interest
except the man who works with the hammer
and the adze in the manufacture of a ship. If
that is what you mean, say so, and let ships be
bought where they can be bought cheapest, and
brought in free of duty. I do not believe it is
the desire of this body to adopt free trade as
the rule ; but if it is, this amendment ought to
be sustained.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say a
word in reply to the Senator from Michigan.
I shall not occupy much time, for I have, per-
haps, already said more than I ought to have
said. I think the Senator from Michigan either
does not comprehend this matter, or else he
has stated it in a manner that will mislead the
Senate if we rely on his statement. Looking
at the amendment you will see that it applies
exclusively to raw materials. The iron is con-
fined to a certain stage of progress. He speaks
of abandoning the cord-makers and the me-
chanics. Why, sir, the work that is done upon
any of these things is done by our own mechan-
ics. There is no abandonment of any manu-
facture, so to speak, except the manufacture
of the raw material, if that is a proper expres-
sion. He speaks, also, as if the only use of
iron in this country was in the manufacture of
ships. Sir, taking all the iron produced in
this country, how much of it goes into the
construction of vessels? Hardly an appreci-
able part of what is produced. I undertake
to say that this amendment does not affect the
question of the production of iron a particle in
any way. The Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cameron,] whose State is probably more
largely interested in the production of iron
than any other State in the Union, has spoken
on the subject.
The Senator from Michigan asks why not
abandon the manufacture of vessels and , buy
them elsewhere? You are in a fair way to do
that because you have been rendering the con-
struction of vessels in this country so exceed-
ingly expensive. If you wish to come to that,
if this nation is to be no longer a navigating
people, and consequently hardly a commer-
cial people within its own borders, you may
adopt the doctrine of the Senator from Mich-
igan.
But let us look at the generosity of his posi-
tion. Ship-building on our ocean coast is at
an end comparatively. Ship-building on the
lakes is increasing because it has no compe-
tition. The document that I have referred to,
the report of the Special Commissioner of
Revenue, shows that year after year the ship-
building interest has been increasing ou the
lakes. Now, what says the Senator from
Michigan? " We do not need this protection,
for we have no competition, and therefore, as
we do not need it, perish the construction of
vessels on the sea-board for fear that thereby
our sales of iron will not be quite so large!"
Sir, it is a very statesmanlike view of the
whole subject 1 It was that to which I rose to
reply. I hope the Senate is not prepared, in
accordance with the advice of the Senator
from Michigan, to abandon ship-building ou the
sea-board and to purchase our vessels abroad.
That is the question which I put to the Senate
and which I wish the Senate to consider. Sir,
if it is to come to that, if that i3 the doctrine
to be assumed, how can Senators expect me,
situated as I am, to vote invariably to support
bills for the protection of inferior mauufa'e-
tures, when by that very act I am striking
down the greatest interest in which my own
State is involved and the section of the coun-
try from which I come? That would be re-
quiring more of a legislator thau any country
has a right to require of one situated as 1 am;
for, although I hope not to be influenced by
local considerations, 1 cannot forget that my
State and my region of country make a part of
this nation, and in legislating I am bound
somewhat to regard their interests.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to make one
remark in answer to the Senator from Michi-
gan. He says it is to establish free trade if
you admit without duty those articles which
enter into ship-building, and which will thus
enable American ship-builders to compete
with foreign ship-builders. I should like to
as"k the Senator this question, how far the
American manufacturers of iron, copper, cord-
age, or whatever you please, will be protected
or benefited when you have driven ship-build-
ing out of the country? I would ask him if
ships built in Canadaor upon the Clyde will be
constructed of iron or of copper from Amer-
ica? No, sir; not one dollar's worth of it.
Then, sir, if you shall so maintain the law
as to finally drive out, as you are rapidly doing,
all ship-building from this country, I would
like to ask how the manufacturers referred to
will be benefited, because they will not furnish
a single article that will enter into the con-
struction of any ship built in Canada or in
Europe ? Then, sir, you gain nothing in that
direction. Suppose, if you please, the duty
should be taken off every article that is used
in ship-building to the extent that it is so
