1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Taxation of Government Bonds—Mr. Garfield.
Ho. of Beps.
to the gentleman a few days ago in the volume
now in his hand.
Mr. PIKE. That is under another law.
Mr. GARFIELD. From the beginning of
the English income tax down to the present
day every roan has been repaid, if he came
under the exemption clause, for all moneys
taken or withheld by the bank.
Mr. PIKE. Vi ill the gentleman yield a
moment?
Mr. GARFIELD. Yes, sir.
Mr. PIKE. Now, let mc read -what were
tlie provisions of the English law.
"Up lo this time exemption had been granted on
ineome^from realized property under sixty poundsa
year. This was now, with few exceptions, repealed;
and entire exemption was limited to incomes under
fifty pounds a year in the whole; while a graduated
seale was imposed upon incomes between fifty pounds
and one hundred and fifty pounds a year, but limited
to pronfs denvedfrom trades, professions and offices.
An official^publication of the ticao explains the rea-
sons for this alteration as well as some others effected
about the same period/'
The gentleman will see that I was entirely
right, and he entirely wrong.
Mr. GARFIELD. It is manifestly a com-
mentary, not a law, that the gentleman reads.
What is the date of the law to which he refers?
Mr. PIKE. It is Pitt's income law.
Mr. GARFIELD. What year? There are
several of Pitt's laws, extending from 1798 to
1810. If the gentleman has found an income
law passed in the early years of that period,
when the banks did not collect any part of the
tax, his citation is fatal to the position he is
attempting to establish.
Mr. PIKE. This was the law for ten years.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman is mis-
taken. I cannot yield further now.
I proceed to notice another statement in the
gentleman's printed speech.
3. He asserts that the principal of the Brit-
ish debt is taxed in so far as it consists of
terminable annuities ; and cites as proof the
eminent authority of Leon Levi. This state-
ment is more likely to mislead than any other
in his speech, for it is likely to convey the
impression by insinuation that while we refuse
to tax the interest on our debt the British Gov-
ernment tax both the interest and principal of
theirs. Now, I deny in toto that the capital
of debt as such is taxed, or ever was taxed.
Indeed, the gentleman does not assert, and I
am sure he will not assert, that it is taxed as
capital, but the whole drift of his statement
insinuates it. The only ground on which he
bases his assertion is that a terminable annuity
is a debt, a part of the capital of which is vir-
tually refunded to the holder each year, in the
form of interest, and as the Government taxes
the interest of such annuities at the same rate
as the interest of perpetual annuities are taxed,
it virtually amounts to a tax on the capital of
terminable annuities. This statement of the
case disposes of the gentleman's suggestion.
It is, after all, the interest, and the interest
alone that is taxed as a part of British incomes.
From whatever source, in whatever manner
the interest arises it is not taxed until it ceases
to be capital and takes the foim of interest.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman state again, if it will not betoo much
trouble to him, what is a terminable annuity,
asheunderstands it?
Mr. GARFIELD. It is a form of English
indebtedness from which the holder receives
annually for a limited period, a larger sum
than he would receive from a perpetual annuity,
which brings him only three per cent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The same
difference there would be here between a three
per cent, bond and a six per cent. bond.
Mr. GARFIELD. Not the same difference,
for one terminates altogether in a given time,
while the other is perpetual. And the argu- j
inei.t which the gentleman attempts to make is j
this: that a part of the capital is returned to !
the holder in the annual payment, and there- !
fore the capital is taxed. Mv reply w that, '
strictly speaking, tbere is no capital at all in a
terminable annuity. It is all income, and. is
taxed only as income. In support of this view
of the case I refer to a report published in 1861
by Mr. Lowe, one of the ablest members of the
House of Commons. That the tax on term-
inable annuities is one of the inequalities in
the practical operation of the English law no
one will deny. For twenty years English states-
manship has been baffled in the attempt to rem-
edy this defect. In 1851 and 1852 a committee
of the House of Commons sat for many months
and printed a thousand pages of evidence on
the working of the tax. Another committee
in 18G1, after a similar examination, reported
a great mass of evidence. One of the chief
objects of these investigations was to devise a
plan by which this very inequality might be
obviated. But both commissions failed to
agree upon any plan, and the Chancellor of the
Exchequer frankly confessed that with all the
light thus thrown upon the subject, he saw no
practicable method of curing the defect. Levi,
whom the gentleman quotes, mentions the in-
equality of the tax when applied to the interest
of terminable annuities, not to approve, but to
denounce it; and he denounces it because in
its effects it approaches so nearly a tax on
capital. Bu£ in fact and in law it is no more
a tax on capital than the tax which the States
now levy on the shares of our national banks
is a tax on the United States bonds, in which
the capital of the banks is mainly invested.
The principle involved in both these cases is
precisely the same, and was clearly set forth
by our Supreme Court in the case of Van Al-
len us. The Assessors, (3 Wallace, 580-84) where
it is held that a tax on the shares is not a tax
on the capital of the bank; that the shares,
though based on bonds which cannot be taxed
by municipal authority, are a species of prop-
erty distinct from the bonds, having many func-
tions and uses which the bonds have not.
So with terminable annuities. Whatever
elements may compose the interest arising
from them, it is only when the annual pro-
ceeds from them assume the form of interest
that the income tax applies to them. It is,
therefore, not true, either in law or in fact,
that the English Government taxes the princi-
pal of its debt.
Before leaving this point, in order to show
to what desperate straits the gentlemen are
reduced in their effort to find a precedent for
taxing the principal of our debt, 1 will state !
that only a small portion of the British debt is j
in terminable annuities. The commission of j
1861 stated the whole amount did not exceed j
£10,000,000, while the British debt was nearly j
seven hundred and ninety million pounds. j
The gentleman asserts that every holder of '
the British funds, whethercitizeu or foreigner, !
is taxed, and hence concludes that we ought i
to tax the foreign holders of our bonds. There )
is just enough truth in this statement to make j
it dangerous, but not enough to make it true. !{
From 1798 to 1842 every income-tax law of \
England contained a clause specially exempt- j
ing from taxation all income from public funds
m the hands of foreigners. The law, as revived \
in ] 842 by Sir Robert Peel, placed the collection :
of the taxes under schedule B in the hands ot j
the directors of the Bank of England and a few j
other corporations, and required them when |
paying dividends on the funds to withhold lor j
the Government seven pence in the pound, the !
amount of the income tax. This plan was ;
adopted because the tax would thus be more j
certainly collected. During the uebale on the j
bill objection was made that this plan would j
not exempt the foreign hoider of the funds ; •
but it was answered that to exempt ihem would i
open the door to frauds, and mat there were !
so few foreign holders as not to warrant a
change in the whole plan for that reason. 1
Peel said that alt the tax which would be col- |
lected from foreign holders would not amount i
to more than ten or twenty thousand pounds. ,
England has long been a lender, not a bor-
rower, of money; has no foreign loan, and
though the taxation of income from the debt
in the hands of foreigners is hardly a practical
question with her, yet her leading statesmen
strongly condemn it. While speaking on this
very subject in 1853, Mr. Gladstone, the Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer, said:
."Ithas been a popular doctrine to tax the for-
eigner. but I think that no person in this House
would wish to tax tho foreigner in this particular
iorm. It has been a loner-contested question with
respect to income, tax in England whether the for-
eigner is not entitled to exemption altogether. r£he
Itobert Peel subjected him to equal taxation
in 1842; buteven that proposition was strongly resist-
ed, and 1 think every member of this House will
agree that it would be very impolitic to lay an excep-
tional tax of this kind upon the foreigner."—Han-
surd's Parliamentary Debates, vol. 125, p. 1378.
I am in some doubt as to what the English
law now is; but there is a citizen of this place
who has held English funds within the last
year, and who states that he was exempted
from the tax on furnishing evidence that he
was not a British subject.
Mr. PIKE. Who is the man?
Mr. GAliFIELD. Mr. Corcoran, of this
city.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
believe a word of it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am not wil'ing thus to
impeach the veracity of a gentleman. Mr.
Corcoran said what I have just stated in answer
to the direct question of a leading member of
the House.
Mr. PIKE. I may perhaps explain that
matter about Mr. Corcoran. There are five
exemptions in this ease of incomes ; and the
fifth is the stock belonging to " her majesty or
the foreign ministers resident in Great Brit-
ain." It may be that Mr. Corcoran acted as
minister resident of the rebel confederacy
when he was there, and thus got an exemp-
tion.
Mr. GAPJIELD. I thought the gentleman
said there was no exemption under schedule
C. He now admits there are five. But what-
ever the British law may be at the presenttime
in regard to taxing foreigners, this will not
be denied, that whenever the foreigner has
been taxed under the income law he has had
the same benefits of exemptions and deduc-
tions as a British subject. Even under Peel's
law the foreigner was exempt when his income
from British sources was less than £150. This
English practice bears no analogy to tho
scheme proposed by the gentleman from
Maine. To quote it as an argument is to
confess the weakness of his position.
In answer, therefore, to the gentleman's
assertions, I affirm:
1. That there is not now, and never has
been, a law in England levying a tax on the
principal of the public debt.
2. That the interest on the British debt is
not now, and never was, taxed, except when it
takes tho form and becomes a part of a tax-
able income. Whenever there has been no
income tax there lias been no tax on the inter-
est of the debt. Whenever there has been an
income tax the interest arising from the debt
has been taxed at the same rate, and only the
same, as the income from lands, hereditaments,
trades, professions, salaries, pensions, and
every other source except from the occupation
and farming of lauds.
3. That all the rules of exemption which
apply to other sources of income apply equally
to income arising from the funds.
In short, that the interest of the debt is not
taxed at all as such, but only when it forms a
part of an income amounting to more than
one hundred or one hundred and fifty pounds,
or whatever the amount exempted by law may
be. And, finally, that the propositions of the
gentlemen from Maine, Massachusetts, and
Indiana, which afterward, in substance, passed
the House as the Cobb resolution, isnot within
the English precedent, nor within any prne«-
