1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2971
is for the West to say what our reception shall
be. It is for the West to say whether or not
it was sincere when it continued a long time
to invite China to more intimate relations with
it. It is for the West to say whether it is for
a fair and open policy, or one founded upon
that^ assumption of superiority, which is not
justified by physical ability nor moral eleva-
tion.
The people of the United States have re-
sponded through their executive head and
through this House and through the press with
a unanimity and nobility of sentiment which
makes me proud of the civilization in which I
was reared, and glad to see it passed in review
by the scholars and statesmen of China.
I trust, sir, that the American people will
abide by this sentiment; and I hope that it is
but an earnest of that spirit which will meet
us on the shores of the distant sea and the
banks of the beautiful rivers you have named.
Thanking the House for this reception, and
you, sir, for the felicitous and able manner in
which you have expressed its welcome, we
await such further action as the proprieties of
the occasion may require. [Applause.]
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the
House of Representatives will now introduce
to the embassy the members of the House
individually.
[A recess was taken informally for that pur-
pose.]
At half past eleven o'clock a. m. the
House was again called to order.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the Jour-
nal of yesterday, but before concluding,
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved that thofurther
reading of the journal be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous
consent.
DIVISION' OF TEXAS,
Mr. BE AM AN, from the Committee on
Reconstruction, reported a bill (II. R. No.
120-3) to erect two additional States out of the
territory of the State of Texas; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted.
Mr. BEAMAN. There is a rough sketch
or map, which is part of the bill, which I sup-
pose will be printed with the bill.
The SPEAKER. By the law all maps
which it is desired to publish must be referred
to the Committee on Printing.
The map was accordingly referred to the
Committee on Printing.
GOVERNMENTS OP SOUTHERN STATES.
■ Mr. PAINE, from the Committee on Recon-
struction, reported back, with a substitute,
House bill No. 1194, to provide for the inaug-
uration of State officers in Arkansas, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia,
and Alabama, and for the meeting of the Legis-
latures of said States.
The question was upon agreeing to the sub-
stitute, which was to strike out all after the
enacting clause and insert the following :
That the Legislature of each of the States of Ark-
ansas, North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
Geoigia, and Alabama, elected under the constitu-
tion thereof, framed and adopted in pursuance of
the provisions of an act entitled "An act forthemore
efficient government of the rebel States," passed
March 2. 1867, and the acts supplementary thereto,
be, and hereby is. authorized to meet on such day as
may have been fixed, either in such constitution or
by tho proclamation of any officer authorized to con-
vene said Legislature by theconvcntion which framed
such constitution ; and if liodayshallhavebeenfixed
.is aforesaid, or if tho day so fixed for the meeting of
the Legislature of either of said States shall have
passed, or shall nave so nearly arrived, before the
passage of this act, that, m the opinion of the Grov-
erno,-elect, there shall not bo time for the Legisla-
ture to asseiubleonthe day so fixed, such Legislature
may be convened within thirty days alter the passage
01 this act by tile Governor-elect of said State.
Sec. 2. Ami be it further enacted. That whenever
either of said States shall be admitted to representa-
tion in Congress, the executive and judicial officers
of such State, duly elected and qualified under the
constitution thereof, may bo inaugurated without
delay, and the government of such Stateshatt there-
upon be transferred to the civil authorities thereof.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That it shallbe
the duty of all civil and military officers exorcising
authority in either of said States to afford all practi-
cable aid and protection to the officers of such State
in carrying out tho provisions of this act; and any
such officer who shall willfully withhold such aid and
protection,orshali willfully prevent, hinder, or delay
the meeting of cither of said Legislatures, or the
inauguration of any of said State officers, or any other
civil or military officer under either of said State con-
stitutions, shall be guilty of a felony, and upon con-
viction thereof before any Federal or State court of
criminal jurisdiction, shall bo punished by impris-
onment not exceeding five years, or by a fine not
exceedin g $5,000, or bo th, at the discretion of the court.
The substitute was agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. PAINE. I call the previous question
on the bill.
_Mr. BROOKS. I do not expect to be per-
mitted to enter into any discussion of this bill.
I rise to say all that I suppose we on this side
of the House will be permitted to say, that we
are opposed to this whole series of measures,
and particularly to this bill as one of them.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Tho bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. Upon that I call the yeas
and nays.
Mr. PAINE. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to say but a word or
two in explanation of this bill. The object is
to provide for two things: first, that the Legis-
latures of the States named in the bill may
be convened immediately at the time fixed by
the constitutions of the States, or by officers
authorized to convene them by the conven-
tions that framed said constitutions; or, if
no day shall have been fixed by the constitu-
tions or by any such officers, then at a time to
be fixed by the Governors-elect of said States.
And the other provision is to authorize the
inauguration of the executive and judicial offi-
cers of the State after the State shall have been
admitted to representation and the transfer of
the State governments to the civil authorities.
I now ask for a vote.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
The SPEAKER. On this question the yeas
and navs have been demanded by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 113, nays 82, not voting
44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos It. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Beatty,
Benjamin, Benton, Blaine, Blair, Bromwell, Broom-
all, Buekland, Butler, Cake, Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell,
Covode, Cuilom, Dawes, Delano, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckley, Eggieston, Lla, Eliot, Larnsworth,
Iferriss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Cravely, (iriswold,
Halsey, Harding, Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins,
Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Ingeraoll,
Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Ivetobam, Kitchen, Koontz,
Laflin, Oreorge V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy, AlcClurg,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Mooi'he'td, Morrell, Jluilins,
Myers, Neivcomb, Nunn, O'Neill, Paine, Peters,
Pile,Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Raum, Robert-
son, Sawyer, Sehenck, Scoiield, Shellabarger, Spald-
ing, Starkweather, Aaron P. Stevens, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Stokes, Taflo, Taylor, Trowbridge, Twichell,
Upson, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Ward, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, Elihu B.
Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, VVelker, William Williams, John T.Wilson,
and Windom—113.
NAYS — Messrs. Archer, Barnes, Beck, Boyer,
Brooks, Burr, Eldridge, Gretz, Glossbrenner, Golla-
day, (Jrover, Haight, Holman, Hotchkiss, Richard D.
Hubbard, Jones, Knott, Marshall, McCormick,
MeOullough, Morrissoy, Niblack, Phelps, Robinson,
Ross, Sitgreaves, Stone, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Van Auken, Van Trump, and Woodward—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Andeison, Arnell,
Axtell, Bailey, Baker, Barnum, Bmgham, Boutwell,
Cary, Chanter, Dixon, Finney, Fox, Hawkins, Asahel
W. Hubbard. Humphrey. Johnson, Kelley. Kelsey,
Kerr, William Lawrence, Mallory, Marvin, Mungen,
Nicholson, Orth, Perham. Pike, Poland, Pruyn,
Randall, iSclye, Shanks, Smith, Stewart, Thomas,
John Trimble, Burt Van Horn, Thomas Williams,
James P. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and
W oodbridge—44.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KOCIl ISLAND BRIDGE.
■ The SPEAKER, byunammous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting a communica-
tion from the chief of ordnance, recommending
an appropriation of $100,000 for a bridge to
connect Rock Island arsenal with the city of
Rock Island, Illinois; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
COLONEL MULLIGAN, OF ILLINOIS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, relative to the late
Colonel Mulligan, of Illinois ; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
BERGEN HEIGHTS ARSENAL.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting certain
papers relative to the Bergen Heights arsenal
property in New Jersey, recommending its
sale as no longer needed by the Government;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. PILE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1204) to confirm cer-
tain private land claims in the State of Mis-
souri ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on PrivateLand
Claims.
A51ANDA HOPPER.
Mr. HARDING submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to ;
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be instructed to report to this House upou the expe-
diency of granting a pension to Amanda Hopper,
whose husband, a soldier on parole, was killed, as
she represents, by collision of a railway tram.
OTIS HULL.
Mr. HARDING, also, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Invalid Pensions
be instructed to report to this House on the expedi-
ency of granting a pension to Otis Hull, an invalid
soldier.
ISABELLA C. HOFFMAN.
Mr. HARDING, also, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be instructed to report to this House on the expedi-
ency of granting a pension to Isabella C. Hoffman,
widow of a deceased soldier, and report by bill or
otherwise.
[At this point business was momentarily
suspended while the Chinese embassy retired
from the Hall.]
REFERENCE OF BILLS.
Mr. UPSON. I move to reconsider the
various votes by which bills have been referred
this morning to committees; and also move
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAJO INDIANS.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on Ap
propriations, reported back Senate amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 783) for the relief
of the Navajo Indians at the Bosque Redoado,
and to establish them on a reservation.
Mr. BUTLER. The Committee on Appro-
priations recommend non-concurrence in the
amendments of the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that they be reported.
The SPEAKER. They are as follows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
as follows:
That
created 
pcace with certain hostile    . .
authorized, if 011 examination it bo thought advis-
able, to conclude a treaty with the Navajo Indians
V
