THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
over all nations and all peoples, should stand
high and peeiless above all States; and so it
will if we manfully do our duty. Let us not
let the standard trail; let it not come down.
Let us go beyond either the letter or the spirit
of the law, if necessary to maintain the public
credit.
But, Mr. President, we are not called upon
to do that. What is the proposition before us ?
It is whether we.will offer to the public cred-
itors a long bond at low interest which they
may voluntarily take or not. I am in favor of
passing affirmatively upon that proposition.
There is no compulsion about it. It will be
profitable to those who seek investments, and
the exchange will be made. I cannot charac-
terize it nor see it as an effort of interested
men to make money out of the public faith or
the public necessities. I think that our high-
est duty consists in it.
But, sir, are we called upon to discuss the
question of whether the five-twenties shall be
had in legal tenders, or not, at this time?
Certainly not. It is not involved. If we pass
this bill, those bonds will be exchanged forthe
bonds we propose to isf<ue under this act, and
then the question will be set at rest. But if
we continue eternally to discuss the question
between ourselves as to what that statute
meant, whether it meant national honor or
national disgrace, whether we are to maintain
it as the one or the other, our credit necessa-
rily is to fall by that discussion. I hope that
in the further discussion of this bill we shall
confine ourselves simply to the propositions
before us and pass upon them. Let us reduce
the public burden by reducing the public inter-
est. For some time past money has been in
the New York market at three and four per
cent. Why shall we not avail ourselves of
such advantages as the money market shall
give us? Why shall we not offer the means
of a longer investment to those who will
exchange their bonds? I think it is but a sim-
ple duty. But, Mr. President, over and above
all, let there be no word and no taint of repu-
diation. Let there be no question as to what
both the interest and principal shall be paid
in where the law does not specifically affirm it.
Let our contract be kept not only in its letter
but in its spirit, and then the credit of our
country will stand high; and when recon-
struction shall be complete, when peace shall
obtain, when the national industries shall
again be reenlivened, all will be well.
Air. 0RAG1N obtained the floor."
Mr. CAMERON. 1 hope the Senator from
New Hampshire will allow me to make a brief
explanation.
Mr. CRAGIN. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON". I am reminded by the
Senator from California that other persons
like himself may have supposed that I intended
to cast a censure on the Senator from Ohio,
the chairman of the Committee on Finance.
Certainly I had no such intention. There is
no member of this body of whom I have a
higher opinion, personally and politically. His
relations and mine have always been pleasanr,
and I think I am the last man who would will-
ingly encounter so able an adversary as he
would be. But I intended to say that I had no
confidence in the Treasury Department, and I
look upon the Finance Committee as the agents
of the Treasury Department.
Mr. CONNESS. You are wrong in that.
Mr. CAMERON. I suppose these bills are
in a great measure instigated from the Treas-
ury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Not a bit
of it.
Mr. CAMERON. I think I am not wrong
in that. We are all very apt to take impressions
from the heads of the Departments which we
represent. I believe there are in this country
a large number of persons who would like to
depreciate our credit. Some men in the South
would very gladly have our public debt reduced
as low as their own, in the hope that at some
future day we should be compelled to redeem
their debt as well as our own. There are
people in this portion of tht country who affil-
iate with them. A great many probably have
interests with them. There are a large num-
ber of persons in the North who are interested
in (he rebel debt. They would like very well
to have this country in such a condition that
the larger portion of both debts should be mads
a common stock and the whole country bound
for them.
I think the Secretary of the Treasury lias
shown a great want of ability in the manage-
ment of his Department. I am satisfied that
no wise man, acquainted with finance, would
have suffered for years, as I believe he has done,
$100,000,000 in gold to lie unused in the done,
Treasury, equal to $150,000,000, probably^ of
greenbacks, taking the average of the price of
gold, thus losing every year about nine million
dollars in interest. Those $9,000,000, making
$27,000,000 for three years, applied to the pub-
lic debt, would be a very good item off.
Now, as to the payment of the public debt,
I repeat and reiterate that I do not believe
there is anybody belonging to the Republican
party in this country who will ever consent
that the public debt shall be paid iu auything
but the currency of the world. J am sure that
the Senator from Indiana will be one of the
last to do so. He has a right to argue, as
every other man has, that there is a possi-
bility, on looking at the form of these laws,
that some of the loans may legally be payable
in something else than gold. I do not admit
it; but men's minds may come to that con-
clusion ; and I know that good lawyers some-
times get very technical, and they say things
may be done which they would not do them-
selves. But I have no doubt of the payment of
the whole debt, every dollar of it, in gold or
silver.
I meant to say, when up before, that I depre-
cated bringing this question now before the
country. No good can come from it, and it
naturally brings up matters of detail, and
makes men's minds give forth the results of
their own reflections. They are thrown out
here without much consideration, and they are
sent abroad, not only as the sentiments of the
individual, but as the sentiments of the party.
I believe, indeed I am sure, that we shall elect
General Grant, and when we have him at the
head of affairs, a wise and able statesman as I
believe he will prove to be, with the Republican
party in its full strength and vigor, 1 think we
shall present to the country such a bill funding
our debt as will enable us to reduce the amount
of our interest very much.
TheSenatorfrom Californiasaid alittle while
ago in passing, and I have heard it repeated so
often that I desire to contradict it, that, money
can be had in New York at four per cent. If
the Senator from California had $10,000 in
bonds of the State of California, and wanted to
loan $8,000 for twenty days, he could probably
get -it at four per cent.; he would be more
likely to get it if he only wanted it for a week ;
but if he went there with the best security of
the State of California, and desired to borrow
ten or twenty thousand dollars or any other
sum of money for any length of time, he could
not get it at anything like four per cent.; he
would have to pay six or eight per cent.
Mr. CONNESS. The market is failing all
the time.
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, the market is fall-
ing, because the credit of the country is rising.
Therefore, after we shall have completed the
work of reconstruction we shall be in a condi-
tion to make terms about our loans. When an
individual is in trouble he can make no terms j
with his creditors ; but whenever be becomes
prosperous they are willing to trust him and
givo him better terms. The affairs of a nation
are but the affairs of an individual carried to a
greater extent.
I rose only to say that as between the Sena-
tor from Ohio and myself there will be no wrong
done him by me.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not hear the remarks
of the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
when he first r.ose, the distance was so great
across the room, and his voice was not raised
so that I could hear him. I am very glad that
I did not, because if I had drawn the.same
inference from the remarks that the Senator
from California did it would make me feel
very unkind, and I should at. once have said
something that I perhaps would not. like to have
said. I am very glad, indeed, to hear what the
Senator from Pennsylvania now says on that
point.
I desire to say, in justice to the Secretary
of t.he Treasury, as the Senator's remark would
seem to have a reflection upon him, that he
should not be held responsible, nor any one
else, for this bill. This bill is the emanation
of the Committee on Finance, and if any one
ought to take the most blame I am perfectly
willing to do it, although the first section of
the bill was not drawn by me, but by the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Morgan.] I desire
to say that every section of this bill is framed
in the interest of the people of the United
States without regard to any other interest
whatever. Every clause of the bill tends to
lower the burden of the public debt; aad no
comment by the people at large, or in tbe news-
papers, or even here would make me hesitate a
moment in pressing constantly upon the atten-
tion of the Senate this aud all other measures
that I deem advisable to lower the burden of
the public debt and to advance the interests
of the people. I believe I can say that it is
the unanimous opinion of the Committee on
Finance, who have studied the matter over,
that this course should be taken. Their whole
purpose is to elevate the character of the green-
backs, to raise the greenbacks as near as pos-
sible to the standard of gold, and to lower the
burden of the public debt by reducing the rate
of interest. That is the whole object of the
bill. It cam have no other purpose. No per-
son can be benefited, no interest can be ben-
efited, except the general interest of the people
of the United States. I have no doubt that
this measure, if passed unabridged in the form
in which it is presented, will do a great deal
of good. It can by possibility do no harm,
and it will, in myjudgment, do a great deal
of good. It will not impair the public credit.
It does not trench upon that question which
has been partially discussed to-day, as to
whether the principal of the five-twenty bonds
is payable in lawful money or not. It seeks
to avoid that issue, about which there is greater
division among the people of the United States
than there is here in the Senate. If this bill is
successful, by funding the public debt the
Government of the United States will save
$20,000,000 of gold in a year ; enough in itself
without any other provision to pay off the
whole of this debt in forty years. If it should
fail in its purpose by the refusal of the bond-
holders to take the new bonds in exchange for
the old, it can do no harm; itis simply an offer
refused; and then it will be for Congress to
determine whether or not the people of the
United States must go on paying six per cent,
interest in gold, free from all tax, to the end, I
may say, of time. That is a question I am
perfectly willing to postpone.
In regard to another question mentioned by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, there is a pro-
vision in this bill which, in my judgment-, will
do more to promote specie payments than any
olherprovision that can possibly be introduced.
The people of the country do not favor a
reduction of the amount of greenbacks now
outstanding. They demanded of us a repeal
of that law which authorized the cancellation
of greenbacks and the diminution of the amount
further and further under existing laws. This
bill restores the old provision of the act of Feb-
ruary 25, 1862, by which the owner of a green-
back may at any time put himself on a par with
the bondholder by converting his note into
bonds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator if
that note must not be put out again?
Mr. SHERMAN. Notnecessarily. It may
remain iu the Treasury, or it may be used 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It cannot be canceled ;
