1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
194^
laborers engaged in making pianofortes. As
to screws, I believe there are but two estab-
lishments in the United States that produce
them, and that interest is one of the greatest
monopolies in the country, one of the most
wealthy. It surely is not suffering; and yet
we propose to relieve it by taking off its taxes
to the amount of $172,000. Then, as to sil-
verware, every man who uses silverware cer-
tainly ean afford to pay a tax on it.
It seems to me that we are by this bill strik-
ing out a class of taxes that should be kept,
to some extent at least. We are relieving cer-
tain manufacturers that there is no necessity
for relieving at this time, who are not suffering
as many, and I have no doubt the great body
ofthose included in the exemption are.
We strike out by this bill §8,000,000 of taxation
on articles not specified. We know not what
these may be. When we come to examine
them carefully I believe it will be found that
there are many articles in the list which can
as well pay a tax as not. I know of other
interests which are suffering, and which will
be knocking at our door for relief. For ex-
ample, there are parties running railroads who
are paying heavy taxes which they are obliged
to meet by assessments upon the stockholders.
I know, for example, of some horse railroads
where the companies are obliged to pay a tax
on the gross receipts where the income does
not meet the expenses and the stockholders
are assessed to pay the tax. The great body
of the railroads, it is true, are paying dividends;
but there are instances of the kind I have just
stated, and perhaps there should be an exemp-
tion in some form or other for their benefit.
I think, considering the time and the occa-
sion, considering how important it is to nur-
ture our commerce, we should adopt some
such proposition as that offered by the Senator ■
from Maine. I do not know of any time when
we can pass such a measure unless it is now.
If not incorporated in this bill it may be de-
ferred perhaps for a year longer; but in the
meantime our shipping interest will have died
out; our mechanics engaged in ship-building
will have scattered through the country and
be engaged in some other pursuits. It seems
to me that it is very proper to adopt this amend-
ment, and I shall, by my vote, sustain the Sen-
ator from Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I appreciate the anxiety of my honorable friend,
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, to
bring this measure to a vote ; and yet the in-
terest I feel in the question pending leads me
to say a word in regard to certain facts, which
have not been adverted to, which bear directly
upon this interest in my own State.
I hear it said by one honorable Senator
that it is not true as a general statement that
this interest is particularly embarrassed at the
present time ; that the shipping interest of the
country is on the whole rather prosperous.
That remark, coming from the source it does,
greatly surprises mo, because I supposed that if
there were one thing well understood in this
country it was that the ship-building interest of
the nation was becoming extinct, thatitwasnot
only greatly depressed but absolutely becom-
ing extinct, and that we were in danger of
losing the art. That your ship-yards are abso-
lutely being annihilated under the present state
of affairs 1 assume to be an undoubted fact. If
I know anything in regard to the history of
this country I know that to be so. Let us see
what the Secretary of the Treasury says on this
subject. I read from the report of the Sec-
retary for the year 1867, his last annual report:
"The shipping interest of the United States, to a
great degree prostrated by the war, has not revived
during the past year. Our ship-yards are, with rare
exceptions, inactive. Oursurpjus products arc being
chiefly transported to foreign coTin tries in toreign ves-
sels. The Secretary is still forced to admit, m the
language of his last report, 'that with unequaled
facilities for obtaining the materials, and- -with ac-
knowledged skill in ship-buildinc; with thousands
of miles of sea coast,indented with the finest harbors
in the world; with surplus products that require m
their transportation a large and increasing tonnage,
we can neither profitably build ships nor successfully
compete with English ships in the transportation of
our own productions.'
"Ho change for the better has taken placesinee the
report was made. On the contrary, the indications
are that the great ship-building interest of the east-
ern and middle States has been steadily declining,
and that consequently theUnited States isgradually
ceasing to be a great maritime Power."
What is the remedy?
"The materials which enter into the construction
of vessels should be relieved from taxation by means
of drawbacks."
That is the advice of the Secretary of the
Treasury, whose duty it is to be conversant
with this subject, and who probably knows of
what he speaks. I hear it said wo ought not to
do it on this particular bill, because it is not
germane. I maintain that it is cognate pre-
cisely and particularly and exactly. What is
this bill? Itisabillin its very title "to exempt
certain manufactures from internal tax." It
is a bill to exempt certain of the industries of
the country from taxation. Why? Do we not
need the revenues? To some extent certainly
we do. Well, sir, why are these particular in-
dustries exempt, and the burden left to fall on
this industry? Has anybody answered that?
Has anybody attempted to answer that? Has
anybody risen here and undertaken to show by
the figures that this industry can survive while
others cannot? No, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
will allow me to suggest that wo repealed all
taxes upon ship-building which are in the nature
of the taxes we are now repealing by this bill
some years ago.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am coming to
that. I am not speaking of that now. J am
not confining my remarks particularly to inter-
nal taxes. The fact that this is an impost
instead of an excise, I take it, raises no dis-
tinction in principle. If it is a burden, and if
the interest is absolutely sinking under the
burden, are we to hold that it is not to be
relieved because the burden is in the shape
of an impost instead of an excise? Is that an
argument ? Is that statesmanship which stands
here and sees a great interest of the country
sink and become extinct, annihilated, and,
when you interpose in its behalf, tells you that
is an impost, that is not an excise, and there-
fore relief must not be applied? The real
question here, sir, is whether this interest de-
mands relief. And as the measure before us
is one where relief is being granted to other
industries I think I make a case for this par-
ticular interest when I show that this interest,
like the interests which are being relieved, is
also being depressed.
So much upon the allegation that thisamend-
ment is not germane to the bill. I insist upon
it that it is germane; it is not traveling out
of the record; it is relieving this great national
industry essential to your prosperity and to
your renown from a burden under which it is
sinking.
The honorable Senator from Michigan says
that he is friendly enough to commerce, al-
though commerce does not consist in ships. I
had supposed hitherto that shipping, in all its
varieties, was a very essential element of com-
merce, rather the characteristic of all com-
merce; and I was a little surprised to hear my
honorable friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, announce to the Senate
of the United States that ships had not much
to do with commerce anyhow! I do not ex-
actly see how commerce could thrive without
them, and I suggest to my honorable friend
that if he pushes his researches a little further,
if he leaves the copper fields and the iron fields
of Michigan, he will find that ship-building and
ships are a very essential element both iu do-
mestic and foreign commerce.
My honorable friend from Michigan says he
is willing to favor this interest, but he pro-
poses to vote against this amendment because
it is unjust to other interests. What other in-
terests? Copper and iron—those are the in-
terests he specified, and those are the interests
in which his particular community are largely
interested. How is it unjust to copper-? He
says we consume'very largely of copper in the
building of ships, consume nearly one halt the
American product of copper. I do not kno.w
how that is; it may be so or it may-not, but
let us apply the argument.
My honorable friend has succeeded, as the
representative of copper, in getting a specific
duty of five cents a pound on it, so -that
foreign importations can be made. We are
forced to have this article in the building of
our ships, and when we com© here and show
him that by the imposition of this-tax by which
he prospers, and by which he has secured a
monopoly of the American trade, he is destroy-
ing this interest, annihilating it, he is not
willing to let it up, because.it is unjust, unjust
to copper! I submit that in this instance my
honorable friend does not show his usual liber-
ality. If he will look at the shipping interest
of this country he will see that it is absolutely
perishing beneath this burden. He knows and
the country knows that during the war no in-
terests were more prosperous -than the iron
and copper interests which he represents here,
and wliich have been so largely protected tbat
they constitute to a very great extent a'monoj}-
oly. He cannot divide with us because it ia
unjust to these interests I
Let me show by a few facts how this shipping
interest stands. I apply it to my own State
particularly, because 1 know most ofthat, and
because I suppose that is a fair illustration of
what is taking place everywhere else. At the
outbreak of the war in the ports of Maine
there were documented seven hundred and
thirly-nine thousand eight hundred and_ forty
tons of shipping. Six years afterward, in the
same ports, there were documented two hun-
dred and seventy-four thousand four hundred
and sixty-eight tons, being a reduction of four
hundred and sixty-five thousand three hundred
and seventy-two tons. About two thirds of the
entire shipping in the six years had absolutely
passed from the State. It is under the oper-
ation of this state of facts that we appeal to
you. Nobody denies it.
The Senator from Michigan says it cannot be
relieved, because to relieve it would be unjust
to the copper and iron interests. Sir, how
were those interests during the war? Were
they crippled? Were they evermore flourish-
ing than they were during the war 1 Was the
demand for those products ever so great?
Everybody knows that those interests were par-
ticularly prosperous ; and so, to a very great
extent, were the manufacturing interests which
the chairman of the Committee on Finance very
properly now seeks to relieve. I am in favor
of that; but we all know that daring the war
those very interests which this bill seeks to re-
lieve were prosperous beyond measure, while
our interest sunk, was driven from the ocean
by pirates and the extraordinary condition of
affairs which no foresight could guard against.
And now, when the" war is over and other in-
terests which prospered during that period
come here and seek relief, and we ask to par-
ticipate in the relief, we are to be told by the
representatives of those interests which were
prosperous during the war, "Youcannot have
it." They have got five cents a pound specific
duty on copper, and have a monopoly of the
supply of the domestic market, and no matter
what becomes of our ship-yards, no matter
what becomes of our commerce and our na-
tional renown as connected with it, we cannot
have relief. That is the inference from that
sort of argument.
My State is very largely interested in this
shipping interest; in some sense it is the lead-
ing interest of my State, or has been hitherto.-
As the honorable Senator from Maryland said
on a former day, we built something more than
one half of the entire ships of the country.
Ship-yards have grown up there within the last
two generations which vie with the ship-yards
of the world. What was the value of this
shipping interest to which I have referred and
which has been lost to my State_ within the
last six years ? To give you aa idea of the
