1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
continue to hold the office ; but the same ques-
tion may with equal propriety be asked with
reference to every person who holds office
under the Government and whose pay is inad-
equate.
Mr. MULLINS. I would ask the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ross] whether he will
not extend the twenty per cent, to these officers
as well as to others?
Mr. ROSS. I did not vote for the twenty
per cent. The gentleman need not charge
that on me.
Mr. FLANDERS. It must be evident that
the pay of these registers and receivers is
wholly inadequate when all put together it
amounts to less than $1,000 in currency. In
Washington Territory everything that is bought
must be paid for in coin. Reducing the salary
of this officer to coin it amounts to less than
$700 per annum, an altogether insufficient
compensation in view of the fact that he gives
bond to the amount of S'J0,000 for the faithful
performance of his duty, and that he often has
in his custody as much as ^80,000 of Govern-
ment funds.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How much
moie time is the gentleman from Washington
Territory [Mr. Flanders] entitled to ?
The SPEAKER. As the gentleman from
Illinois objects to the gentleman from Wash-
ington Territory continuing his remarks, the
Chair is obliged to rule that the time allowed
to the gentleman by unanimous consent has
expired. He asked leave to make a brief state-
ment embiuced in a letter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Now, Mr.
Speaker, I wish to say a word on this subject.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois asks unanimous consent to make a state-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTIL I object; and 1 do
so that the whole morning hour may not be
frittered away in this debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If we can
defeat this principle of increasing salaries the
morning hour could not be frittered away in a
IjyttGr cuusg.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We can defeat the
principle by voting.
Mr. FLANDERS. 1 ask consent to make
a brief additional statement.
Mr. PILE. I object.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Scoiteld, there were—ayes 58, noes 25 ;
no quorum voting.
I he SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers: and appointed Mr. Ashley, of Nevada,
and Mr. Scofield.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes (JO, noes 80.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. SCOF1ELD moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER announced as the next busi-
ness in order, during the morning hour, reports
from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
MAILS AND MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
back adversely a joint resolution (H. R. No.
242) relating to mails and mail service: which
was laid on the table.
OIS'J'KlIiL'CiON 01f REVENUE STAMPS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I arn^ directed by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads to move that they be discharged from
the further consideration of a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Iowa in refer-
ence to making postmasters agents for the dis-
tribution of revenue stamps, and that, the same
he referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The motion was agreed to.
BRIDIiH OVER THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
back adversely a bill (H. R. No. 966) to author-
ize the consti uction of a bridge over the Missis-
si ppi river in Madison county, State of Illinois ;
which was laid on the table.
AMENDMENT OF POSTAL LAWS
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Eoads, reported a
bill (II. R. No. 1205) to further amend the
postal laws; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill provides in the first section that
when any writer of a letter on which the postage
is prepaid shall indorse in writing or in print
upon the outside thereof his name and address,
the-same, after remaining uncalled for at the
post office to which it is directed thirty days, or
the time the writer may direct, shallbe returned
to the writer withoutaddition'alpostage, whether
a specific request for such return be indorsed
on the letter or not.
The second section provides that no money
order shall be issued for less than one dollar,
nor more than fifty dollars; and all persons
who receive money orders shall be required to
pay therefor the following charges or fees,
namely: for one dollar, or any ^um not exceed-
ing twenty dollars, a fee of ten cents shall be
charged and exacted by the postmaster giving
said order; for all orders exceeding twenty
dollars, and not exceeding thirty dollars, the
charge shall be fifteen cents; for all orders
exceeding thirty, and not exceeding forty dol-
lars, the charge shall be twenty cents; and for
all orders exceeding forty dollars, and not
exceeding fifty dollars, the fee shall be twenty-
five cents.
The third section provides that section thirty-
five of the act of March 3, 18b3, shall be so
construed as to permit weekly newspapers,
when sent to regular subscribers, to be deliv-
ered free of postage, when deposited at the
office nearest the office of publication; but
nothing in this act shall be so construed as to
require carriers to distribute said papers unless
postage is paid upon them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The House will
observe that this is a bill amending the postal
laws. The first section provides for the return
of unclaimed letters whenever the names and
addresses of the writers are indorsed upon
them. The second section is in relation to
money orders. As the law now stands no money
order can be issued for a greater sum than
thirty dollars. We propose to enlarge the
amount for which the order may be given up
to fifty dollars, and changing the charges or
fees. The provision of the present law is as
follows:
" money order shall be issuedfor any sum less
than one or more than thirty dollars; and all persons
who receive money orders shall be required to pay
therefore the following charges or tees, namely : for
an order for one dollar or for any larger sum, but
not exceeding ten dollars, a fee of ten cents shall be
charged and exaetcd by the postmaster giving such
order; for an order of more than ten and not exceed-
ing twenty dollars the charge shall be fifteen cents;
and for every order exceeding twenty dollars, a fee
of twenty cents shall bo charged."
We propose to change the law so that ordeis
may be issued for fifty dollars; and also change
the fees, so that they may be a little less than
tliey are now.
The third section provides for the delivery
of weekly newspapers free of postage. It is
simply construing the present statute as Con-
gress intended it should be construed.
Mr. RAUM. I think the gentleman will
find, if he will send for the law, that money
orders for fifty dollars may now be issued.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. It is done
every day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well; if that
is so, and we reenact the_ law, it will do no
harm, and we change the fees.
Mr. 11ALLM. If the amount should be in-
creased it should be extended to seventy-five
dollars.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Fifty dollars is large
enough.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. That is the
amount now.
Mr. .FARNSWORTH. I think the gentle-
man is mistaken.
Mr. WASHBCJRN, of Indiana. I know
from my experience of dav before yesterday.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. ^
ILLINOIS AND ST. LOUIS BRIDGE.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
back, with a substitute, House bill No. 631,
amendatoryof an act approved July 26, 1886,
entitled " Au act to authorize the construction
of certain bridges, and to establish them as
post routes."
The question was upon agreeing to the sub-
stitute, which was read, as ioilows:
Whereas the St. Louis and Illinois Bridge Com-
pany, organized under the laws of the State of ivlis-
souri, and thelllinois and St. Louis liridge Company,
organized under the act of the General Assembly of
the State of Illinois, have been consolidated in pur-
suance of the authority granted to the said Illinois
and St. Lotus Bridge Company m their act of incor-
poration, and the authority granted to tne St. Louis
Budgo Company by the act of the (xeueral Assembly
of the State of Missouri, approved March 19, lHtiS:
Thercfoic,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of lle&rexentu-
tives of the United State# o} America in Cunyiew assem-
bled, That the company lornied by this consolidation
undei the name and style of the Illinois and St.
Louis liridge Company, is lieieby recognized and
declared to be a corporation by that name, with lull
power and authouty to construct a bridge across the
.Mississippi river, opposite tlio city of St. Louis, in
conlormuy to the act of which this actio amenda-
tory, with all the rights, pnvileges, and powers
granted and conferred by the several acts ot the
General Assemblies of the States of Illinois and Mis-
souri to the respective companies by the consolida-
tion of winch the said Illinois and St. Louis lindge
Company was formed, and not inconsistent with the
pi ovisions of the act to which this act is amendatoiy:
Provided, That in construe! mg said bridge tnere
shall be one span of at least live hundred feet clear
between piers.
Skc. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the said cor-
poiation may execute a mortgage and issue bonds
payable, pnncipal and interest, 111 gold, and their
bnuge acioss the Mississippi liver and appioaohes
thereto, when constructed, shall be a post road ro
carry the mails ol the United States and enjoy the
rights and privileges of other post loads.
Slc. 3. And be it J urther emtcitd, fruit said corpora-
tion may hold their meetings m either the State of
Illinois or the State of Missouri, as the boaid ol di-
rectors may elect, and the direotois may be citizens
of any ot the United States, and said corporation uiay
sue and be sued in any circuit court of the United
States : Provided, That nothing m this act shall be so
construed as to deprive the Legislatures of the States
of Illinois and Missouri of the light to regulate tile
tolls and fares which may bo charged by said com-
pany lor the use of such bridge.
Mr. PRICE. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
from Illinois a question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the gentleman whether
he considers a span of five hundred leet is
practicable? Has the experiment evet been
tried.'' In my judgment such a span cannot
be built with safety, and I think the experi-
ment has never been tried in this country.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not a bridge
builder myself, but the company in their plan
propose a span of live hundred feet. The men
engaged 111 commerce 011 the river do not*
object. *
Mr. PILE. The chief engineer of this com-
pany is Captain Edes, one of the best engi-
neers in the United States, and known in con-
nection with the Navy Department, end as the
constructor of the best class of iron-clads on
the western waters. The proposition to build
a span of five huudred feet comes irom the
company itself. It proposes to build a span
of five hundred feet in length j and it proposes
to build not only the finest bridge 011 this con-
tinent, but the finest bridge in the world, con-
nected with a tunnel running under the city of
SI. Louis to the depot of the Pacific railroad
ill the southwest part of the city. This arf
