1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
of reposing in Congress at all. For the reasons
which I have stated I make my motion to strike
out.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
procecd to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Several Senators. Let us finish this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ator from Michigan will allow us to take a vote
on this bill now. I think we can finish it in
a few moments.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; I withdraw the
motion.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, on which question he
demands the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw the call for the
. yeas and nays.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time;
it was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
208) extending the time for the completion of
the Dubuque and Sioux City railroad; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting a copy of a letter from the
acting Commissioner of Indian Affairs sub-
mitting an estimate of appropriations required
for surveying boundaries of land selected to be
patented to certain persons named, related by
blood to the Cheyenne and Arapahoe Indians,
under the fifth article of the treaty with the
Cheyenne and Arapahoe Indians of October
14, 1865 ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
copy of a letter from the acting Commissioner
of Indian Affairs submitting an estimate of
appropriations required to defray the expenses :
of a delegation of Osage Indians on a visit to
the city of Washington for the purpose of ne-
gotiating a new treaty ; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting, in
answer to the resolution of the Senate of the
14th instant, a statement of the amount of
money paid on account of the new jail in the
District of Columbia, and to whom piaid ; which
was referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 208) extending the time
for the completion of the Dubuque and Sioux
City railroad was read twice by its title and
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that when the Sen-
ate, adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
The motion was agreed to.
REDUCTION OF THE ARMY.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 87) to provide for the
gradual reduction of the Army of the United
States. I do not propose to have it acted upon
now, but simply to leave it as the unfinished
business.
The motion was agreed to.
COTTON TAX.
Mr. HOWARD. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator from
Michigan will withdraw his motion for a mo-
ment so that we may take a vote on the cotton
bill, which is pending on amendments between
the two Houses. I simply desire to have a vote
upon it. If there is any debate I will move
to leave it as the unfinished business for. to-
morrow.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ,Does the
Senator from Michigan withdraw his motion?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move that the
Senate take up the bill referred to. I should
like to have a vote upon it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 207) to provide for the exemp-
tion of cotton from internal tax, which had
been disagreed to by the House of Represent-
atives.
, Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am some-
what surprised that the Committee on Finance
should report this bill back again in precisely
the same shape in which it originally came to us
from the House of Representatives. The Sen-
ate, after a long and full discussion, reached a
conclusion very different from that ofthe House.
While the House proposed to repeal utterly and
entirely and for all time the tax on cotton, the
, Senate merely proposed to suspend it for one
year, reserving, therefore, the power hereafter
to consider the subject in connection with other
subjects of internal revenue or with the changed
condition of the country. When the judgment
of the Senate has been made up after a long and
patient discussion, I do not understand why we
are to be called upon on a sudden to entirely
surrender our views to those of the House.
Certainly there should be some explanation why
the Senate are to give up the bill as agreed upon
by them without any controversy or without a
why or wherefore. I trust the Senate will ad-
here at least to its original proposition.
Mr, CAMERON. I move now that we go
into executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. * Let us have a vote on
this measure.
I Mr. CAMERON.
it to-day.
I Mr. SHERMAN. It will take but a minute,
as I do not desire to reply at alh The question
is before the Senate. I will not even take
the time to reply to the Senator from Vermont,
but I call for a vote.
Mr. CAMERON. We cannot have the vote
to-day, I am satisfied. There will be some dis-
cussion upon it.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand—I was
absent from the Chamber for a moment—that
the matter under consideration is the bill relat-
ingto the cotton tax. Without having heard the
remarks which the Senator from Vermont was
just concluding as I came in I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to one fact. This bill
and the proposition, it contains were Very re-
cently the subject of elaborate discussion in
this Chamber. Its various phases were pre-
sented, and especially was the proposition now
reproduced urged upon the attention of the
Senate. First, in Committee of the Whole,
upon a vote by yeas and nays, the Senate by a
decided majority struck out the language which
made the provision permanent and restricted
it to a suspension for a single year. The bill
having passed from the Committee of the Whole
into the Senate, the Senator having the matter
in charge insisted npon a yea and nay vote again
upon that proposition, and a second time the
Senate by a considerable majority determined
that this suspension should be confined to a
single year.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from New
York will allow me to interrupt him. I had
the floor and I gave way only because some
gentleman said this would not lead to discus-
sion, but it has led to discussion; and now, if
the Senator from New York will allow me, I
will again move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business. We can-
not dispose of this bill to-day, and we have
important business in executive session to
attend to.
We cannot get a vote on
.Mr. SHERMAN. If that is done I hope it
will be with the understanding that this sliall
come up as the unfinished business on Mon-
day. I am perfectly willing to go on now with
the debate.
Mr. WILSON. I will merely say to the
Senator from Ohio that I called up a measure
with the view of having it left as the unfinished
business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing, if it is the
pleasure of the Senate, to sit this bill out to-
night.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I do not
understand that the Senator from New York
has yet yielded the floor.
Mr. CAMERON'. There are several ques-
tions pending in executive session, which it is
important to the country we should decide to-
day. It is evident that we cannot get through
with this question now, and if my motion be
adopted, it will come up on Monday of course.
I therefore renew my motion to go into execu-
tivc session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Chair understand that the Senator from New
York yields the floor for that motion?
Mr. CONKLING. I give way to enable the
sense of the Senate to be taken on that motion.
If it does not prevail, I shall then like to say
a word.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish, if it is in order,
now to move to reconsider the vote by which
we agreed to adjourn to Monday. ["No, no."]
.The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
motion pending. If the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will withdraw his motion for that pur-
pose, the Senator from Ohio can make the
motion he indicates.
Mr. HOWARD. If he withdraws it I shall
renew it.
Mr. CAMERON. My motion is before the
Senate; I do not withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms will clear the galleries and close
the doors.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. MORTON. Before the doors are closed
I move to reconsider the vote by which the
Senate resolved that when it adjourn to-day it
be to meet on Monday. I think we ought not
to do that.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a question of
order. I submit to the Chair that after the
Senate has voted to proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business, and the Chair has
announced that decision, it is not in order for
the Senator to say that before proceeding to
executive business he moves a reconsideration
of a vote passed in open Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Since I
have been here I have always considered that
it is rather irregular after a motion has been
adopted, to go into executive session to have
other questions considered; but it has been the
constant practice amid the confusion of clear-
ing of the galleries, a great many motions have •
been made constantly, and I suppose rather by
common consent than otherwise.
Mr. MORTON. Is the objection overruled ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does not like overruling the constant practice
of the Senate, although he thinks it would be
a very good thing if it was overruled.
Mr. BtTCKALEW. I submit that in all those
cases those motions have been made by com-
mon consent, when there was no objection. I
never knew of their being made when any
member objected.
Mr. MORTON. I move, then, that the doors
be opened to take the vote on that question.
There is too much business pressing on the
attention of the Senate for us to adjourn over
to next Monday, in my opinion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
