1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
it must go oat. If it is used for paying other
duties it goes out, because, as the law stands
now in relation to that subject., there must be
a certain amount of greenbacks always kept in
circulation.
Mr. SHERMAN. The fallacy of the Sen-
ator's argument—and I will not anticipate
that, because when the third section comes up
I desire to submit my views upon it, not at
any considerable length, but more than I shall
say now—the fallacy o£ his argument is the
idea that the Treasurer must pay out green-
backs as rapidly as they come in. If he can
properly pay them out in the payment of cfebts
well and good. But I will not answer that
observation now.
There was another observation made by the
Senator from Pennsylvania that I want to cor-
rect his mind about. This bill does not con-
fer additional power on the Secretary of the
Treasury. Not one particle of power is given
bv the bill to the Secretary of the Treasury.
This section is a limitation upon his power.
He may now take your six per cent, bonds,
payable forty years after date, and sell them
at par for lawful money.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow
me, I think it does give a great deal more
power to the Secretary of the Treasury in this
respect: it enables him to employ agents, pay-
ing them just what he pleases, for the purpose
of converting these bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will correct that.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall be glad to hear
the correction.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the existing law,
the Senator from Maine will bear me witness
unless we pass some other law on the subject,
the Secretary of the Treasury has the power
without limit to employ agents, or any agency
whatever he chooses, provided only the ex-
pense is not more than one per cent. Under
the law as it now stands he employs agents.
Whether that is wise or unwise I do not stop
to argue. But uqder this bill he can employ
no agent whatever who can be engaged in this
matter or do anything.
Mr. CAMERON. I know he has the power
under existing law ; but there is no use for that
power now, unless you give him authority to
reinvest these bonds. At present that author-
ity is utterly powerless; but if you go on to
make another $2,000,000,000 of bonds he will
have the right to convert them, and whenever
he does convert them he pays what he pleases
by way of commissions and allowances. I
desire to prevent that; and I shall offer an
amendment for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under this bill the Sec-
retary cannot employ anybody. He cannot by
himself or any one else sell a single dollar
except of the particular kind named in this
act, and then he can only lift a bond bearing a
higher rate of interest by issuing a bond bear-
ing a lower rate of interest; that is, under the
first section of the bill he cannot sell a five
per cent, bond running twenty years unless he
can get what is equivalent now to the market
value of a five-twenty bond; so that this is a
vast limitation upon his power under the law
as it stands. If Senators want to leave
in the hands of the Secretary this unlimited
power, and then shield themselves from re-
sponsibility by saying he has th« power to do
all this, that is one way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to ask my
friend a question. According to my recollec-
tion of those bills, for the purpose of negotiat-
ing bonds or other securities he might nego-
tiate he had power to expend a sum of money
not exceeding one per cent. He Bas negotiated
nearly the whole, as I understand, except a
very small sum. What is there left?
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will reflect
a moment, under the law of April 12, 1866,
the Secretary may go on and convert any de-
scription of bond described in the act ol 1864,
which is a bond bearing six per cent, interest
and running forty years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has he the right to
use the fund for that purpose?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly he has.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then that ought to be
restrained by law.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was the subject of
complaint two years ago by me that that law
gave him such extraordinary power. Now, I
say to the Senator from Pennsylvania and the
Senate, so far from this bill giving the Secre-
tary of the Treasury any power whatever every
section of it is a restraint upon his power. The
first section is a vital and material restraint
upon his power. It takes away from him all
authority, all license, all discretion unless he
can negotiate, par for par, the new bond for
the old.
It is due to the Secretary of the Treasury
that I should make this statement: he has
never eome before the Committee on Finance
to urge us to pass this bill, or, so far as I know,
ever asked a single member to urge the passage
of the bill. It is a restraint and limitation upon
his power. I have no doubt he is satisfied
with it. He has stated to myself and to others
that he thinks he can, if the market continues
favorable, exchange a considerable portion of
these bonds, if they are left twenty-year five
per cent, bonds for the existing six per cent,
bonds ; but we must' leave him free to make
that exchange on the best terms he can by
selling the new bonds at a rate that will enable
him to buy the old ; and if we do so, and he
makes the exchange, it is for our benefit. If
he fails, there is no harm in it. That is the
way in which the bill appears to me.
I am indebted to the Senator from New
Hampshire for his courtesy in yielding the floor.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator to yield
to me for a few minutes.
Mr. CRAG-IN. These personal explanations
are rather long.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Cali-
fornia made one remark to which I desire to
reply. He said he regretted my speech, but
there were certain greenback localities, and
the intimation was that I had come from one
of them, and I was in some way pandering to
that sentiment. I have as little occasion, per-
haps, to pander to public sentiment as any other
Senator here. I am not a candidate for any-
thing, and do not expect to be very soon. But
I would say to that Senator and to others,
when they come to discuss thisquestion, instead
of indulging in general declarations about good
faith andpreservingthenation'shonor, itwould
be better if they would condescend to argue
the law for a moment. I did not argue it as a
question of opinion, nor as a question of choice;
1 simply argued it as a question of law. Those
who generally argue on the other side hardly
ever condescend to argue the laws which cre-
ates and determine the quality of what are
called greenbacks or legal-tender notes.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to enter my
protest against having the Republican party
committed to the dogma that the five-twenties
are to be paid in coin. As a question of law
it is a dogma that cannot be sustained. There
is not a Democratic lawyer in the country who
has ever read Blackstone and Kent, and who
can read these statutes, but what can meet Sen-
ators on the stump and beat them on this legal
question; and I protest against the Republican
party being committed to that doctrine through-
out this contest.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President 
Mr. CRAG1N. I must decline to yield any
further.
Mr. CONNESS. I did not know the Senator
had the floor.
Mr. CRAG-IN. I shall only occupy a few
moments
Mr. ANTHONY. Will my friend allow me
to ask the Senator from Ohio, with the ther-
mometer at 90°, whether he wishes us to come
here this evening?
Several Senators. Oh, yes; let us finish
the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we shall have no
night session. I suggest to the Senator from
Rhode Island to move to suspend the evening
session for to-night.
Mr. ANTHONY. What does the Senator
from Ohio wish?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better sit
along and get through with this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
Mr. CRAG1N. Mr. President, I am op-
posed to the amendment offered by the Senator
from Maine because I believe it will defeat the
objects of this bill. Being strongly in favor
of the passageof the bill, I am opposed to that
amendment. If the Government finds itself
in a condition to pay any considerable amount
of its indebtedness within twenty years it will
have ample opportunity. Some eight hundred
millions of the public debt will be outside of
the bonds provided for by this bill, if it be-
comes a law, and I apprehend that that is
more than can be paid in the next twenty years.
I am in favor of this bill because it looks to a
large reduction of interest on the public debt,
and a consequent reduction of the burdens of
the people. The amount of indebtedness likely
to be funded under this bill, if it should become
a law, is about seventeen hundred million dol-
lars. The interest on this amount at six per
cent., as at present authorized, is $102,000,000
per annum. By this bill only $700,000,000
are to be funded at five per cent. The annual
interest on this amount would be $35,000,000.
If the other $1,000,000,000 is divided equally
between the four and a half and four per cent,
bonds, the annual interest will be $42,500,000,
or a total interest of $77,500,000 oil the en-
tire $1,700,000,000. This will be a saving of
$24,500,000 in the amount of interest paid by
the Government. In other words, the burden
of the people will be lightened to that extent.
A tax often per cent, on the income, suppos-
ing it remains at six per cent., would be only
$10,200,000, or less than one half the reduc-
tion of interest under this bill.
If States were allowed to tax the five-twenty
bonds, as other property is taxed, the ag-
gregate tax would not begin to amount to
$24,500,000, the amount that will be saved
by funding them under this bill. This reduc
tion of interest is equal to a tax of one and
three eighth per cent, on the principal, or
about twenty-four per cent on the income.
The reduction of interest on the public debt
will reduce the rate of interest generally in
commercial and business transactions a noug
the people, industry will be relieved all over
this land. Those doing business on borrowed
capital will be able to make more profits, and
consequently pay more for labor. I regard it
as of the first importance that the rate of iuter-
estshould be reduced in this country. It wiil
benefit all our industries, and tend to elevato
the condition of the laborers. The Govern-
ment .must begin this work, and now is a good
time.
I am for this bill for another reason—be-
cause it puts further off the time for the pay-
ment of this large debt. A very large amount
of this debt is now due, if the Government
chooses to pay it. It cannot be paid without
crushing the people with taxation. It should
not and must not be done. The debts incurred
by the States, counties, and _ towns, for the
patriotic purpose of prosecuting the war for
the Onion are very great. Indeed, they are
more than the people ought to be called upon
to pay in the next twenty years. The resources
of this country are almost beyond calculation.
The wealth ol the nation is increasing more
than three times as fast as its population. The
individual wealth of the people is increasing
annually more that the total amount of the
national debt. In 1860 our aggregate wealth,
not including property owned by the United
States or by any State, was over sixteen thou-
sand million dollars, being an increase of one
hundred and twenty-six and a half per cent,
over that of 1850. The increase of our popu-
lation was only about thirty-five per cent.
Supposing we increase one hundred per cent,
during each ten years in the future up to 1900
the lesult will astonish the world. In 1870
our national wealth will be over thirty-two
thousand million dollars; in 1860 over sixty-
