566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
ator from Indiana moves that the doors be
opened for the purpose of allowing him to
make the motion indicated by him.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Senate then proceeded to the considera-
tion of executive business; and aftersome time
spent in executive session the doors were re-
opened and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 16, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
international copyrigiit.
Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which, was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library is
hereby instructed to inquire into the subject of inter-
national oopyright, and the best means for the en-
couragement and advancement of cheap literature,
and the better protection of authors; and to report
to this House by bill or otherwise.
improvement of savannah river.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and adopted: 1
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to this House such informa-
tion as may be in possession of the Department
concerning a contract made in the spring of 1866 with
Ilenry S. Welles for the removal of obstruction^ in
the Savannah river, whether such contract has been
performed, and, if not, what remedy, if any, can be
made available to the Government. j
rights of american citizens abroad.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the proceedings of a mass meeting held
at Lawrence, Essex county, Massachusetts,
Hon N. P. H. Melvin, mayor, presiding, upon
the subject of the rights of naturalized citizens !
in foreign States, and especially upon the !
course of Great Britain in regard to American i|
citizens; also, the proceedings of a mass meet- ;l
ing of the citizens of North Andover, Massa- !j
chusetts, upon the same subject, with resolu- j!
tions denouncing the seizure, conviction, and
execution of adopted citizens of the United
States upon the ground that they were subjects
of Great Britain; which were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
ship ericsson.
Mr. VAN WYCK, by unanimons consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 449) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to change the
name of the ship Ericsson to Grand Duchess ;
which was read a first and second time, and i
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
agricultural department.
Mr. BEAMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to submit from the Committee on Appropria-
tions a report, which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on Appropriations report:
That having had under consideration so much of
"H'o. 1" of the "estimatesof additional appropria-
tions required to complete the service of the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1868, and previous years," as
* relates to the Agricultural Department, they have
arrived at the conclusion that not one of the items
therein stated is properly a deficiency of appropria-
tion.
That most of said items are for mere unsettled claims
against the Department, and, if contracted at all,
were contracted without authority of law.
That previous to July 1,1867. no books of account
whatever were kept showing the dealings and trans-
actions of the Department or the disposition of the
various items of appropriation; and the character
of the disbursement! ean bo ascertained only by an
examination of the vouchers on file in the Treasury
Department.
That the moneys appropriated for the use of the
Department were disposed of without any special
reference to the particular object* for which such
appropriations were made.
That of the " unpaid bills due by Department of
Agriculture June 30.1867," as stated on pages 0 and
7 of the estimates, there is no account whatever in
the books of the Department; and that there is no
written evidence of their validity save what appears
from the existence of the bills on file.  
Your committee, therefore, beg leave to report back
to the House so much of " No. 1 of tho estimates as
relates to the Agricultural Department, and they
ask to be discharged from tho further consideration
thereof; and they recommend that tho " unpaid bills,
&e.," stated on pages l> arfd 7 as aforesaid, be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
reception of the report?
Mr. BROOKS. I would like to know what
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Beaman]
proposes shall be done with this report.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move that the bills men-
tioned in the report be referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims, (because the subject is a proper
one for the investigation of that committee,)
that the report be laid on the table, and printed,
and that the Committee on Appropriations be
discharged from the further consideration of
the subject.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not object to that. I
am glad that the Committee on Appropriations
have arrived at the conclusion stated in regard
to deficiency bills; and I hope they will extend
it to all the Departments of the Government.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend the motion of
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Beaman]
so as to refer the matter to the Committee on
Agriculture instead of the Committee of Claims.
I think the subject appropriately belongs to the
Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. BEAMAN. Evidently this subject does
not belong to the Committee on Agriculture.
The matters in question are in the nature of
claims against the Government, and it is but
justice that they should be referred to the
Committee of Claims for investigation. I call
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of Mr. Ross was
rejected.
The motion of Mr. Beaman was then agreed
to.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tue senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (H. R. No. 213) to suspend further
reduction of the currency, with an amendment,
in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
duiiuqoe and sioux city railroad.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
during the morning hour is the bill pending at
the expiration of the morning hour yesterday,
being the bill (H. R. No. 208) extending the
time for the completion of the Dubuque and
Sioux City railroad, on which the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Hopkins] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. BARNES. I ask unanimous consent to
offer a resolution at this time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is de-
manded, and the gentleman from Wisconsin
must proceed or surrender the floor.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to withdraw the demand that I may
introduce a bill for reference.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois withdraw the demand for the regular
order?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot.
Mr. HOPKINS. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that the written
report accompanying this bill be read.
The SPEAKER. There is no written report.
Mr. MAYNARD. Do I understand that this
bill has been reported from the Committee on
Public Lands without a written report?
The SPEAKER. That is very frequently
done.
Mr. MAYNARD. And we are expected to
vote away all this large amount of land 
The SPEAKER. The remarks of the gen-
tleman are in the nature of debate, whicn is
not in order pending the demand for the pre-
vious question. The question is on seconding
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Hopkins] pro-
poses to allow me twenty minutes of his hour,
and I shall not interpose any objection to the
seconding of the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Hopkins] is now entitled to one
hour to close the debate.
Mr. HOPKINS. I now yield ten minutes
of my time to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Hubbard,] the author of the bill.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker,
I do not think I shall occupy the attention of
the House for ten minutes. This is simply a
bill to extend to the State of Iowa time for the
completion of the Dubuque and Sioux City
railroad, a land-grant road ; and all the pro-
visions contained in the bill, with the excep-
tion of a simple provision extending the time,
are limitations and restrictions on the original
grant. I have inserted those provisions in the
bill for the purpose of protecting the interest
of the people along the line of the road as well
as the interests of the Government. They are
guards and restrictions and limitations on the
original grant, and the bill which has been
passed by this Congress contains provisions
of the character such as are contained in this
bill.
The road under that grant, the Dubuque and
Sioux City railroad, has been completed about
one half fff the distance, about one hundred and
forty miles, and for that distance is now in run-
ning order. Fifty-five miles now of the road
are forwarded toward completion. This bill
proposes to give to the State an additional time
of four years, provided they shall complete the
fifty-five miles of the road now partially con-
structed during the present year. It also pro-
vides that the State shall complete not less than
forty miles each year. It provides further, sir,
in case of the failure in any single one of these
provisions on the part of the State, the grant
shall revert to the General Government.
I provide further in the bill that there shall
be a resurvey p.nd relocation of the line, and
until that resurvey and relocation are made and
the maps are filed in the department, the whole
grant shall be open to homestead entry.
All these limitations and restrictions have
been inserted for the benefit of the people and
the benefit of the Government. I am not labor-
ing in this matter on behalf of the railroad com-
pany. I want the House to recollect that this
extension is not for this railroad company. It
is for the State, leaving it under the control of
the State, as is general in grants of a similar
character.
These are the main features of the bill, and
I apprehend there can be no objection to giv-
ing the State of Iowa the extension of time
granted to other States. We have given similar
extensions to Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Michi-
gan, and I apprehend that this extension of
time will not be refused to our State. We must
recollect that during the last ten years it has
been a hard time to build railroads, owing to
the financial embarrassments of the country.
We now ask an additional time of four years,
and my bill provides that the road shall be con-
structed within that period of time. That, sir,
is all I have to say in explanation of the bill at
this time.
Mr. HOPKINS. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want
your explanation first.
Mr. HOPKINS. Mr. Speaker, I suppose
the policy of Congress is settled in regard to
the extension of time for completing land-
grant roads by the various acts which have
been passed, and I look upon it as perfectly
just, in view of the circumstances and embar-
rassments under which these companies have
labored during the time they have had these
