2974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
V!
merely confirms the consolidation of the,bridge
companies incorporated under the laws "of Illi-
nois and Missouri. I hope there will be no
objection to it.
_ Mr. ALLISON. If I understand the bill it
virtually incorporates this company. We have
no authority to do that without the consent of
the States. It provides that this company
shall be incorporated. I want to have this
explained.
Mr. PILE. I will state the facts. In 1864
the Legislature of Missouri incorporated the
St. Louis and Illinois Bridge Company, which
company was confirmed with all of its powers
by the Legislature of Illinois. In 1866 the
.Legislature of Illinois incorporated another
'company called the Illinois and St. Louis
Bridge Company. Itwas organized under the
general law. A rivalry of interests sprung up
between the two companies. Two bridges
were proposed to be built. The people of St.
Louis and Illinois deemed this rivalry fatal. It
led to a loss of credit. The two companies
have therefore been consolidated. The board
of directors of each company have gone out
and a new board has been elected, composed
of parts of the boards of the two companies.
They form a consolidated company known as
the Illinois and St. Louis Bridge Company.
Now, this bill is simply for the purpose of aid-
ing this company in the money market. It
declares that the consolidated company in
pursuance of specific authority granted to the
Illinois and St. Louis Bridge Company 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I must decline to
yield further. I suppose nobody doubts that
we have a right to incorporate this company.
We have incorporated the Pacific Railroad
Company and a great many companies be-
tween States and Territories.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Too many.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Too many, my col-
league says. Now, sir, this is not an original
act of incorporation. I believe there is no
objection to the bridge on the part of the river
or railroad men or any other men. I never
heard of any. I therefore demand the previous
question.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman to
answer nay question. I want to know, in the
first place, whether or not this bill incorporates
this company. If it does, we ought to have a
reservation with reference to the rate of tolls
and tariffs that can be charged.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is a reserva-
tion. This bill does not incorporate the com-
pany. It adopts a company already incorpo-
rated by the States of Illinois and Missouri,
and provides that the Legislatures of these
States shall regulate the tolls and tariff's.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask my
colleague why not do it here. It never should
be done by those States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think the States
of Illinois and Missouri, whose people are more
interested in this matter than the people of
other portions of the country, will be more
likely to establish reasonable tolls than Con-
gress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What
objection to putting on a limit here ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Because the Legisla-
tures of those States have already put on a limit
that they shall not charge exceeding the rate
now charged by the ferries. And I think it is
% better we should leave this power in the Legis-
latures of those ttvo States, whose people are
more interested than we are to regulate this
toll. For my own part I have no objection to
Congress doing it, but I think the State Legisla-
tures will do it more for the benefit of the
people than Congress will.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. For a question.
Mr. PAINE. It is doubtless true that the
people of these two States are more interested
than any other people in the United States in
this matter, but it may be that, their interest
will be adverse to that of the people of the
other States. For have we not seen on other
lines of communication, as for example Mary-
land, that the people most interested have made
use of the privilege they enjoy to benefit them-
selves at the expense of the citizens of other
States ? Now, may it not be true that the peo-
ple of these States will so regulate the toll as
to benefit themselves at the expense of other
States ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the gentleman
suppose the Legislatures of Illinois and Mis-
souri will impose higher rates upon the citizens
of Wisconsin for crossing this bridge than
upon their own citizens?
Mr. PAINE. It may be not; but it will be
very easy for those Legislatures to make such
arrangements on this subject as to secure for
themselves the benefit at the expense of the
people of other States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is for the judg-
ment of the House. If the members of the
House think Congress will be more likely to
impose proper duties than the Legislatures of
the States whose people are more particularly
interested in the matter, I am willing to make
that amendment. But I think Congress will
not agree to it.
Mr. PAINE. I suppose it will be for the
interest of the people to do so.
Mr. COOK. Does my colleague believe that
Legislatures of different States can by joint
legislation regulate this toll? that by concert
and confederation between two States they can
accomplish something that cannot be done by
each State independently?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not apprehend
that there is any more difficulty in that than
there was in these States by acts of their Legis-
latures incorporating this company and doing
just what they have already done, fixing the
rates of tolls to be charged.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
the objection to providing that the rates shall
not be increased?
Mr. COOK. I would ask my colleague [Mr.
Farnsworth] if the courts have ever sustained
a corporation made by the conjoint legislation
of two States ? Have the courts ever sustained
a consolidation of corporations in different
States made by the conjoint legislation of those
States ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does my colleague
remember a case where the courts refused to
sustain such an incorporation?
Mr. COOK. I remember a case where the
courts decided that a mortgage against a rail-
road corporation so consolidated could not be
enforced.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads whether the provisions of this
bill extend to other corporations than to the
Bridge Company at St. Louis?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. None of them.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois whether this bill does not impose
as mraeli restriction on this Bridge Company as
has been imposed on those companies that have
bridged the Mississippi river at a point above
St. Louis?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes; and even still
more.
Mr. BLAINE. Well, I think we ought not
to ask more than that.
Mr. FAllNSWOItTH. I will now yield to
my colleague from the Alton district, [Mr.
Baker,] who desires to offer an amendment.
Mr. BAKER. I move to amend the proviso
to the third section so as to make it read as
follows:
Provided, That nothing in this act or in any pre-
vious legislation affecting; the premises Shalt be so
construed as to deprive the Legislatures of the States
of Illinois and Missouri ot theirright, to regulate the
tolls and fares Arhieh may be charged by said com-
pany for the use of sueli bridge.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 have no objection
to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I desire to
offer an amendment providing that the Legis-
latures shall not increase the tolls hereafter.
Mr. FAftNSWORTH. I will allow the
gentleman to offer that amendment.
Mr. WA.SHBURE, of Illinois. I offer, then,
the following amendment:
Provided, That the tolls now fixed by the Legisla-
tures of Illinois and Missouii shall not be increased.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING;. I desire to ask a ques-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. 1 want, to know
if this live hundred feet span is intended as a
precedent, as a pattern for all bridges on the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is only intended
for this bridge.
Mr SPALDING. I would ask the gentle-
man if he has not a bill to report which makes
this the general rule for bridges over the Ohio
river ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The committee have
considered the question in regard to the Ohio
river.
Mr. SPALDING. And they will report a
bill of that sort?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It has been acted
on by the committee, and I am instructed to
report such a bill for the Ohio river.
Mr. SPALDING. Exactly!
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But I will state to
the gentleman from Ohio that the company
who are to build this bridge propose to make
it of live hundred feet span. Does the gentle-
man object to that?
Mr. SPALDING. I do not; but I wanted
to know if this was to be a precedent for
what is to come after.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bridge over tiie mississippi.
Mr. PILE. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw and have rereferred- to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads the bill
(II. R. No. 966) to authorize the construction
of a bridge over the Mississippi river, in
Madison county. State of Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection ;
the bill was laid upon the table at the request
of the committee; I ask that it be taken up
and referred.
No objection was made.
, land titles.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 1206) to restore
to certain parties their rights under the laws
and treaties of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
telegraph lines.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from theCommitteeon
the Post Office and Post Roads, reported back,
with a substitute, House hill No. 846, supple-
mental to an act entitled "An act to aid in the
construction of telegraph lines, and to secure
to the Government the use of the same for
postal, military, and other purposes,'* passed
July 21, I860: which substitute was ordered
to be printed, and, with the original bill, recom-
mitted to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
new orleans and mobile railroad.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. from the Committee
on the Post Offiee and Post Roads, reported
back,with an amendment, House bill No. 987,
to authorize the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from New Orleans, in the State
