1950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
predicament in which our State is placed let
me refer yon to the figures in the document
before me, which is an official document of the
Legislature of the State. Jn round numbers
it is estimated that $14,000,000 have been lost
to the shipping interest of my State in the last
six years under the operation of the system
of measures from which we ask this partial
relief. They say very properly that the nation
might grant this relief and suffer nothing from
it, because they say that having stricken out
this $14,000,000 of course so much is lost to
the taxation of the country. They estimate
it in this way:
" So this amount would yield a tax at two percent,
of $280,000 annually, and, if now held by the State,
would contribute largely toward liquidating our
obligations."
Mr. President, I have said all that it was my
purpose to say in rising ; first, that this meas-
ure is proper on this bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from
Maine allow me a word before he takes his
seat 'I
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. HOW ARD. The Senator speaks of the
falling off of the shipping interest in Maine.
I take it that the document to which he refers
has reference of course to the condition of
things produced by the war. It is very prob-
able that the war operated in that way so as
to discourage the building of ships. There
was less use, less call for ships during the war
than there would have been had it been a time
of peace. Now, as the war seemed to be the
moving cause of this depression in that interest,
and as the war has passed away and there is
no longer any danger of piracies upon the
ocean, no longer any danger of the destruction
of vessels built in Maine, what occasion is
there for this special legislation for the encour-
agement of ship-building there? This is the
point to which I wish to call the attention of
the honorable Senator, that the cause of the
depression seems to have disappeared. Will
not that interest necessarily revive in a time
of peace and come again to the same footing
on which it was before?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend, I think, has hardly paid much attention
to the consideration of the subject if he sup-
poses that either my colleague or myself or
anybody else who has spoken of this interest
presumed that the whole difficulty had arisen
from the dangers of piracy, tbe destruction of
the shipping^ interest by piracy". It is the
changed relation of labor and prices that creates
the difficulty. Of course, duringthe war there
were superadded to all these difficulties the
perils of the seas, the perils of piracy; but I
am speaking now of the difficulties of making
vessels, not the difficulties of sailing them.
I say then, Mr. President, I have accom-
plished ail 1 desired by calling the attention
of the Senate first to the feet that this does
seem to me precisely the bill on which to place
such a proposition ; and besides, I have met
the proposition made here, that this cannot be
done with justice to other interests. Some-
how or other it is supposed that if this interest
is let up some other interest is to be taxed.
I suppose that is true with every interest
that is let up. The burden will fall to some
extent on some other; and the same argu-
ment, of course, would apply to every other
interest that is sought to be made to apply to
this.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Momull] has taken me
to task for a remark I made that ships do not
create commerce. I should like to inquire of
the Senator how many ships he thinks it would
take to create a commerce if they were not
used? I said that they do not create com-
merce ; nor do they. If ships are required for
use they will be built, but if they are not re-
quired for use they will not be built. Now, sir,
I assert that during the past three years there
have been more ships built in the whole United
States-tliaa were mer built in three years be-
fore. They have been built wherever they
were in demand. They have been built because
it paid a profit to build them; and they have
been built notwithstanding the duties that the
Government has collected from the materials of
which they were constructed.
The Senator from Maine says, "Why not
grant this boon to the State which I rtmre-
sent?" Sir, what boon does he ask? "Why
not do an act of justice ?" What act of justice
does he ask ? Three years ago we levied a tax
of two per cent, upon every hull built in the
United States. That internal revenue tax has
been removed from hulls. Three years ago
we collected five per cent, upon every article
of iron that went into the construction of a
ship. That tax has been removed. Three
years ago wo levied a tax of five per cent,
upon every pound of manufactured copper
that went iuto the construction of a ship.
That tax has been removed, and this bill re-
moves all other internal taxes that have been
assessed upon the ship-building interest.
Now, will the Senator from Maine tell me
wherein any other interest is benefited over
the interest of the ship-builder by the laws as
they now stand without this amendment as
proposed? I care not what it be, will he tell
of any interest that has the precedence over
that of ship-builders with the laws as they now
stand without this amendment as proposed? ;
Sir, there is no interest that is favored above 1
this; there are few interests that are favored
as much as this—the ship-building interest of
Maine.
The Senator talks as though Maine was the
only State interested in ship-building. I will
inform him that the State of Michigan has
a greater interest than Maine in ship-building.
Michigan furnishes the lumber for all the ship-
building interests in the West; and Michigan
is not here complaining that she has to pay
a duty upon the foreign articles'used in the
construction of her shipping. Sir, this prop-
osition is free trade, nothing more and noth-
ing less. It is asking that the interests of
all the other States of the Union shall be
sacrified to the interests of the ship-builders
of Maine. If this proposition prevails I will
then vote for free trade in ships, and I will
vote for it this very day. Sir, why shall you
protect the laborer and the mechanic in Maine
when you abandon all other laborers and
mechanics in the rest of the United States?
If a man can buy a ship on the Clyde for
$500,000 that will cost $1,000,000 here, and
you propose to abandon the protection of
every interest here except that of the laborers
in Maine, then I will vote to go to the Clyde
and buy the ship there.
But the Senator from Indiana asks: would
you use Michigan copper or iron in the manu-
facture of a ship on the Clyde? No, sir; and
you would not use an ounce of it in building a
ship in Maine. You allow a drawback upon
every pound of foreign copper and iron that
comes in, and on foreign lumber, too. 1 say
it is abandoning every interest of American
manufacture.
Mr. President, I shall not occupy the time
of the Senate. I hope that neither the amend-
ment to the amendment nor the amendment
itself will prevail; that this proposition will be
voted down as not being germane to the bill.
But, sir, if you adopt this amendment, I very
much doubt whether you can afford to pass the '
bill as it is brought before us from the Com- !
raittee on Finance. You cut into a very large i
interest which now supplies your coffers with ;
gold. You cut into the revenue from foreign !
commerce, and cut into it largely. I say ;
again, I doubt, if this proposition be adopted, j
whether you can afford to pass the bill as it I
has been reported from the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think ordinarily the
system of drawbacks is a very objectionable
one. It is supposed to rest upon a partiality
or favoritism in legislation. But, sir, I have
made up my mind to vote for this amendment,
notwithstanding the general objection to the
system, for the reason that I think this is an
interest that it becomes notonly the advantage
but the honor of this country to protect and
promote just as far as it can be done. One of
the saddest spectacles connected with the war
was the sweeping of our commerce from the
ocean; and now I think it is known to us all that
there is scarcely any interest in the country
more depressed than the ship-building interest,
and I shall vote to relieve it from all taxes until
it can to some extent recover itself again.
It seems to me that it is a clear proposition
that we can reduce the revenues coming from
imports more safely than we can reduce, per-
haps, the income from direct taxation. For
nearly two years there have been locked up fn
the coffers of the Government $100,000,000 of
gold, and I have been astonished that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of the House of
Representatives and the Committee on Finance
of the Senate have not given that subject some
attention. When there is a demand in the
country for circulation to carry on the business
of the country, and we have that system of tax-
ation upon imports which piles up and keeps
out of use in the public Treasury 5100,000,000
of gold, certainly there is some reform neces-
sary. When it is proposed in this small mat-
ter to reduce the income from imports and at
the same time to relieve a depressed interest I
give it my support.
Sir, why was it that we took the tax off cotton?
I voted for it because it was an agricultural
production in its raw state. I voted for it also
because it was known to us all to be an in-
terest very much depressed and requiring the
fostering aid of the country rather than tax-
ation. Why is it that it is proposed now to re-
lieve manufactures of the taxes that the pres-
ent laws impose? Because it is said that
manufacturing interests are depressed.
It is not sufficient for the Senator from
Michigan to say that we have already relieved
this interest to some extent. That was right;
it was proper ; but still this interestlanguishes,
if we can rely upon the statements of Senators
who are familiar with the interest itself; it
needs still further relief, and I shall vote for
the amendment because I think that relief
ought to be given. While we are relieving
other interests let us relieve this also, espe-
cially as it reduces the income where it can be
more safely reduced than even at the point
aimed at by the bill reported by the Senator
from Ohio.
Before I take my seat I desire to express
the opinion that the country would be served
if the two committees would reform the whole
system. For three years now ourreforms have
beeB in patches, if 1 may so express it, a little
relief brought in here and a little there, with-
out taking up the whole subject and disposing
of it upon some system. I recollect two or
three years ago it was understood that some
increase in the tariff ought to be made. I did
not think so; but it was claimed that there
ought to be some increase; and, as there was
not quite time to do it, it was proposed to
increase all duties fifty per cent. So we passed
thatsortof a law atone time, and then increased
the tariff on wool at another time. Instead
of taking up the whole subject and adjusting
our revenue system according to the interests
of the country and according to the demands
of the Treasury, we have been legislating in
patches.
Now, I am willing to put this amendment
upon this particular bill. It is not exactly ger-
mane ; it relates to imports and not to direct
taxation ; but yet it introduces no disturbance
in the system. It can be easily adjusted, and
there will be no practical trouble. I vote for
the amendment because we are now legislating
for the relief of depressed interests.
Mr. M-ORRILL, of Maine. I rise to cor-
rect a statement of the Senator from Michigan,
because, considering the honorable Senator's
positioti, it may have an influeuce in the coun-
try to which it is not entitled. The Senator
