450
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
Ho. of Beps.
Taxation of Government Bonds—Mr. Butler..
40th Cong. ... 2d' Sess.
as the credit of Massachusetts. Only a few-
mouths ago that State negotiated a loan in Lon-
don on terms so favorable as to put to shame
our attempts at funding our debt. During the
whole war her credit has been far better than
ours. And how stand her old five per cent,
bonds to-day ? I hold in ray hand the London
Economist of a month ago, and I find the Mas-
sachusetts five per cent, bonds quoted at 89
and 90, while the ten-forty gold-bearing five
per cent. United States bonds are 68J; a
difference of twenty-one cents oil the dollar.
And why this great difference ? Massachusetts
has not only kept faith during all the trials of
the war, but she has not sought technical
grounds on which to escape from her obliga-
tions. She might have lightened the burden
of her debt, as many other States did, by pay-
ing her interest in currency instead of in coin,
as she could legally do under the legal-tender
act. But she paid every debt in accordance
with the letter and spirit of the contract. Her
bonds exhibit the result. If the credit of the
United States were as good as that of Massa-
chusetts we could fund our whole debt at
§400,000,000 less cost to the nation than we
can fund it oil our own credit. This example
fully illustrates the two lines of financial
policy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STONE resumed the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman yield to me for five minutes?
Mr. STONE. Yiery well.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
hardly time in five minutes to say much on a
subject, of this magnitude and complexity, but
I will try to state a few points. I am very
much obliged to the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] for his compliment to the
credit and stability of Massachusetts. She
deserves it all and more. I only wish I could
appropriate it to my State upon the ground it
is put; but the gentleman l-eally does not seem
clearly to understand the subject upon which
he speaks, for he must know that the element
of time, other tilings being equal, enters largely
into the value of a bond, Government security.
The Massachusetts bonds of which he speaks
have twenty years to run, while the United
States bonds have only five years to run, at
the option of the Government. If you were
to settle your debt to-day in form of inter-
minable annuities or terminable annuities of
four percent, on longtime you could sell them
in the markets of the world for more than the
six per cent, bonds of Massachusetts. It is
the length of time the bond has to run that
gives value to it for an investment. That the
gentleman does not seem to appreciate, if he
understands it.
Another thing. The gentleman undertook
to tell the committee that Great Britain does
uofc take the principal of her debt when she
taxes the dividends of her terminable annui-
ties, and thus shows that he knows no more
about that subject than he does about the
(hoetaw language.
Mr. GARFIELD. That is complimentary.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I asked
the gentleman twice over what a terminable
annuity is, a,ud he failed to explain it to ns.
JSow, what is a terminable annuity? For
instance, a party loans to the Government
or any other sum, for ten, twenty,
forty, or one hundred years, and agrees to
recene the whole of it back in annual, semi-
annual, or quarterly payments, with interest
on each payment. So that he gets the whole
pi iiicitial. and at the end of the limit or term,
say tea years, the whole interest iu the install-
ments. Now, if you tax the whole installments
of tho.-:e annuiiies, you tax the principal as
well as the interest. This is very plain.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. Will the gentleman allow
me to say 
llr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield when I have only five minutes. Give me
an hour, and I will allow everybody to ask any-
thing or say anything. I am ready,to meet all
comers on this question if you will only allow
me the time.
The gentleman from Ohio in his speech has
not touched what are really the three points,
of my argument. The first question at issue
is, do the English tax the income of their
public debt? The gentleman does not deny
that they do ; and they tax it on the interest
paid, oras we say on the coupon, as we propose
to tax the income of our bonds; they tax it at
the Bank of England where the interest is paid.
Second, do they pay the amount of the interest
due, orthe " coupon," without anydeduction ?
They do not. And in the case mentioned by the
fentleman where the deduction was returned,
[r. Corcoran probably swore himself in as
coming under the £150 income clause. Third,
the gentleman said to me when the resolution
was before the House, " You mightas welltake
one hundred per cent, of the interest on the
debt." I said, weproposetotakenomore in the
form of taxation than England has imposed on
the income of her public debt. Iadmit she does
not do it to day ; but she has imposed ten per
cent, tax on her public debt when it was neces-
sary in time of war ; and the gentleman from
Ohio does not deny it. Yet he says her finan-
cial honor is untarnished, while admitting that
she took from her public creditors ten per
cent, iu the form of interest. We ask no more,
we propose nothing different, but we are de-
nounced as repudiators for doing precisely
what England lias done with untarnished finan-
cial honor.
What was another point at issue? Whether
England taxed foreigners ? The gentleman
admits that she has taxed and does tax for-
eigners by her laws, and how does he attempt
to answer that ? By bringing before us what
Mr. Gladstone said in a certain debate. Why,
sir, that is just the same as if any one should
bring forward what was said by the gentlemen
of the minority here, as showing what law this
House enacts.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Gladstone was Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer at that time, and
carried his bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. He did
not carry his bill on that point. There is no
such provision on the British statute-book.
The gentleman from Ohio attempts to show
what the law is by reading what somebody said
the law ought to be !
Mr. PIKE. The law was not changed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now,
the gentleman says that for thirty-four years,
from 1817 to 1812, there was no income tax in
Great Britain on foreigners. I agree that there
was not. But during the same lime there was
no income tax on anybody. So in this coun-
try, from 1708 down to IRiU, there was no in-
come tax on foreigners. Why? Because there
was no income tax on anybody.
A single word further, and I shall be done.
In all that the gentleman has said he.has not
undertaken to answer a single argument of
mine. He has dealt with the argument of the
gentleman 1'rom Maine, [Mr. Pike,] who is
abundantly able to take carc of himself. I
established three points which the gentleman
has not touched. Firs-t, a ten per cent, in-
come tax has been imposed by England on her
| bonds, which has been collected as if oft" the
i coupon when the interest was paid. Second,
! she lias taxed the principal of her debt where
it was in the shape of terminable annuities.
Third, she has taxed foreigners, and she does
tax them by her laws to-day. That is all and
more than all I have proposed shall be done
by us.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman
fiom Maryland [Mr. Stone] to give way for
three minutes longer, that [ may make a brief
reply to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. STONE. I will do so.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, if I do
not understand what I am talking, about any
more than I understand Choctaw, I trust I
shall never; a(|opt the manners of a Chocta^r,
in my treatment of an opponent in .-debates/"
The gentleman first charges that I do not know ,
what.a terminable annuity is, and then giv-es,
precisely the.definition which I gave. , r
In the next plac,e, he declares, in his elegant
style, that "the gentleman from Ohio doesnot,
know-that time to run makes the differenceof
value between the Massachusetts bonus and,,
the fronds of the United States," and time, iav
his understanding of the matter, is of .more-
consequence than rate of interest. Now, I can-,
not .tell at this moment how much time the old-
Massachusetts five per cent, loan has to run,,
though mj impression.is thpt loan has not
many years to run.
I call thegentleinan'sattention to thisquota-.
tionsof time as exhibited iu two kinds of Uni-;
ted States hoods. The six per cent, bonds of
1881, twenty-year bonds, having yet thirteen
years to run, are to-day quoted atone hundred,
and thirteen. The five-twenty coupon bonds,
of 1802, bearing the same rate of interest, and
which became redeemable last year, and may
be paid any day the Government pleases—the
time has gone, the Government may redeem-
them to-morrow—those bonds are to-day quoted
at one hundred and twelve and three quarters,,
only one quarter of one per cent, less than,
bonds that have thirteen full years to run..
This exhibits the influence of time. ;
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. "What
loan is that? «
Mr. GARFIELD. Five-twenty couponbonds
of 18(52. They are issued redeemable in live
years and payable after twenty.
The gentleman says I have not touched his
positions; that I have admitted all he claims.
I appeal to the Hous§ whether I have not,
proven from the records that he .has utterly
misconstrued and misrepresented English law
and history. And I have established the fact
that the interest on the English debt is taxed
as income, and only as income, just as our
bonds are now taxed as income ; and that the
scheme of the gentleman is not according to
the English precedent, nor auy precedent ap-
proved by civilized nations.
I am content with, the record between the
gentleman and myself.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Chairman, I think those
who have listened to the speech of the gentle-
man from Ohio in reply to what I said in my
remarks of June 26, must have come to the
conclusion that Iwas correct. The gentleman
has had a month to examine the subject. He
has evidently been acting in conjunction with
the Committee of Ways and Means, and although
what I said occupied but half a column of the
Globe, he comes in with an hour's speech, care-
fully prepared, to refute my positions, and now
I am quite willing to submit the case to the
country as he has thus made it up.
I gave the English statute under whish the
debt was taxed, and stated the amount of the
various taxations, none of which are denied.
What, then, are the questions at issue between
us ? The first, as I understand it, is whether the
English discriminate against the debt as com-
pared with some other interests. Is that so?
tax ox holdees of land.
I gave in my remarks the gist of schedule
B of the English income tax law. It is well
known that Pitt divided the "property and
income tax" among five schedules. The first
pertained to property in laud and other things
pertaining more or less directly to the realty;
the second to the occupants of land or land-hold-
ers ; the third to the public securities ; fourth,
incomes from trade, &c.: and fifth, to incomes
from offices. The first schedule is the ''prop-
erty tax," and so far as relates to ownership of
land can have no duplicate with us, because
