1868:]
APPENDIX. TO'THE CONGRESSIONAL ;<SE0m
451
40ra Cong....2d Sess.
Taxation of Government Bonds—Mr. Pike.
Ho.-of Kbps-.
direct taxes upon land according to our Con-
stitution must bo assessed in proportion to pop-
ulation. _ The other four schedules could all
be duplicated ^ here, and have" been in great
measure, audit was of those that I spoke in
the remarks which have been replied to.
These fiv.e schedules' of' Pitt have never
beeij changed, and to-day they are paj-t arid
parcel of the law. In 1798 Fitt laid his first
mcoin.e tax. ^ It was similar to"ours, and called
upon the subjects of thekingd'om to make returns
according to the consciences just as our law
does, . But the law was greatly evaded. An
pffieial ^publication at the time says:
" It is notorious thatpersonsin easy circumstances,
nay, even in apparent affluence, have returned their
income under sixty pounds, although their annual
cxpenditureshavebeentrebletliatsum. The incomes
of whole parishes have been, swept away by this
fraud.
For this reason a "change was made in the
mode of collecting. ' The division into sched-
ules was made, and the tax collected " at the
sources." The'tax on land, so far as the realty
was concerned, was collected under schedule
A and at rack-rent, and the occupiers of the
land, the farmers, were taxed under schedule
B and at another rate. When I spoke of the
holders of the land as taxed under schedule B
I made a distinction which has existed in the
English law for over sixty years. And any-
body at all familiar with England knows that
the great body of the land is under lease, that
large sums are paid for hire, and that many
of these landholders are possessed of large
means.
Sir Robert Peel reenacted the income law in
1842, and with it the Pitt schedules.
Schedule B, under Peel's income tax, re-
turned a taxable income of £46,769,915, and
the whole income of the kingdom was only
£251,013,003. It may be determined from thi^
whether I exaggerated the importance of this
schedule. Still it was taxed only one half of
the taxation that by the same law was put upon
the income of the public, debt, which that year
returned an income of £27,909,793. p Why was
this? It was because Parliament thought the
public good required them, to discriminate in
favor of the occupiers of the land as compared
with the holders of the debt. I take my figures
from Senior's Income-Tax Law, published in
London in 1853.
I say, then, my first point is made out that
holders or oeeupants of land were and are
favored in,England, and that the income from
this source has been very large, _ among the
largest in the whole range of taxation.
ABE FOBEXGNEBS TAXED ?
The second question is, whether foreigners
are assessed or not. I gave the law on the
subject in stating they were assessed. The
gentleman from Ohio has ransacked the whole
library bearing upon the subject. He has ex-
amined Pitt's, Peel's, and Gladstone's Laws,
and the Debates in Parliament, and still has
found no law or authority for their exemption.
The nearest he has come to it is some remarks
of Gladstone's, commenting upon Peel's law
as if it assessed foreigners, and objecting to it
on that account.
The law itself assesses everybody, with five
exceptions : 1, funds belongingto friendly socie-
ties ; 2, fund's belonging to savings-banks;
3, funds belonging to charitable institutions;
4, funds belonging to the lord high treasurer
of England and commissioners of public debt;
6, funds belonging to her majesty and to for-
eign ministers resident in Great Britain.
All others owning in the British funds were
Assessed
Mr. Gladstone amended Peel's law in 1853,
after it had been in operation eleven years;
but he made no change either in the sched-
ules or in their five exceptions. He allowed
both to stand. Indeed, for all the general pur-
poses of taxation the law of 1842 is the law
tp-day, and it was for that reason I referred
to it rather than to the amendments made by
Mr. Gladstone. _ It may' be quite true that
Mr. Gladstone did not favor the proposition to
tax foreigners, but Parliament did favor it, or
else the law would have been changed.
It would be strange should Congress tax
those who took ottr bonds when* taking them
was esteemed a patriotic duty, and let slip,
acquit of taxation, the hankers of Threadneedle
street, or the Bourse, or at Frankfort, knowing
very well, as we do', that they did not buy until
it was reckoned a sure thing that the Bepublie
would live and pay. None of.them took.^ur
bonds until after Vicksburg-and Gettysburg.
Why- should they have the preference over our
own home patriots 1 Why not apply the Eng-
lish rule to them ? . f . ...
TAXATION OP PRINCIPAL OF DEBT.-'
I said that the principal of the debt, so far
as pertained to terminable annuities, was
assessed. Leon Levi said so.- The gentleman
from Ohio does not deny it, but says Levi states
that in his opinion taxation is wrong. A
committee of Parliament examined the subject,
under the lead of Mr. Joseph' Hume; and
found no remedy forthis and other inequalities
of taxation, and so the law stands. The
amount is not large, but it is too plain to need
argument that when the same tax is assessed
on terminable as upon interminable annuities,
the principal of tlie debt must be taxed.
EXEMPTIONS.
The English law, like ours, has varied consid-
erably as to exemptions. For a portion of the
time there have been no exemptions so far
as regards the public debt. Pitt's income law
provided that incomes from certain sources
should be favored. Senior, page 8, says :
" Entire exemption was limited to incomes under
fifty pounds a year in the whole, while a graduated
scale was imposed upon incomes between-fifty and
one hundred and fifty pounds a year, but limited to
profits derived from trades, pro/esatons, and oX/~iccs."
Thus the income from the public debt was
again discriminated against. The present rule,
as I understand it, is to assess all, and then
upon proof shown that , the .person owning in
the funds has no income over the prescribed
amount a- repayment is made. I should have
no objection ta a similar course here.
The other statement that I made as to the
manner of collecting this .tax at the bank is
not controverted. Mr. Robert Lowe, the dis-
tinguished member of Parliament, says:
" There is, no doubt, a great inequality in the pres-
ent income tax. Schedule A is collected at the hands
.of the tenant, and schedules C and E at the bank.
The income assessed is therefore identical with the
income received. But schedule D depends on the
consciences of the tax-payer, who often, it is to be
leared, returns hundreds instead of thousands, and
who is certain to dccide any question that he can
persuade himself to think doubtful in his own favor.
Thus the committee have been informed by Mr. Till
that a penny in the pound income tax produces in
the city of London £50,000. and that it produced j ust
as much twelve years ago."
These are all the points controverted between
the gentleman from Ohio and myself, and I
submit that my positions are maintained by
the best authorities. I have shown that Par-
liamenthas constantly discriminated in its tax-
ation against the holders in the funds as com-
pared with others paying an income tax, and
I challenge au instance where they discrim-
inate in favor of such holders. How is it with
us?
OUR INCOME LAW.
The Committee of Ways and Means, in its
extraordinary report, say:
" In the agreement made in the House in favor of
the resolution, the English income-tax law was re-
ferred to and quoted. There is a law corresponding
to that law on tho statute-books of this country, im-
posing a tax on incomes of five per cent, while the
English law is less than three per cent."
I asked the gentleman from Ohio whether,
in his commendation of the committee, he was
prepared to maintain the truth of this statement?
But he declined doing so. He acted wisely in
so declining.
The income-tax law of this country is unlike
the English in three vital particulars.
1. The English tax is assessed and collected
at the bank counter;'{fit other words, deducted
from the payment of interest. Onrs is -mads
from returns prepared according to the:elastie
consciences of th«s$ making them.
2. No corporation in this eduritry Makes an
income return that I eSvffr heard: of. A large
amo'unt'of bonds are hefcd'By ba^fcs.that make
no Income return at all And so-escape thistax,
while in England every *bank: and other cor-
poration—except those I have enumerated—
pays the tax "whenever it receives its interest.
The Bank of England always pays income tax
on the large amount of Government seetiri'tieii
it holds while our banks are specially exempt.
3. Iri the amount of tax actually received.
The committee would evidently have the
country believe that we actually assessed our
securities more heavily through the income
tax than the. English, do theirs through their
income tax. How is it ? .
Wo began in 1862 by assessing the public
debt one and one half per cent! on the interest,
and that tax was collected for .two years, the
years 1862 and 1863. The public debt for July
1, 1862, was $514,211,371 ;,and July 1, 1863,
it was $1,098,793,181. The full tax on the
interest in 1862 was $402,790 ; and for the year
1863 it was $1,088,943, aud the amount act-
ually paid was in 18G2. the sum of $75,373, an'cl
in 1863 the sum of $133,402; in the first case
in the flush of patriotism they paid one sixth
as much as they ought to pay, but grown more
wary the next year they paid but about one
ninth of what they ought to pay.
In the year 18C4 the tax on the debt was just
the same as on other incomes and no separate
return kept, so that we are without official data;
but as our bonded debt is but about double
what it was in July, 1863, it would be a stretch
of imagination to suppose we receive now any-
thing like $1,000,000 from this source. It" is
not probable that we receive $500,000 in cur-
rency from the whole of this income tax on
the public debt which the Committee of Ways
and Means would have the country believe
was larger than the English; and the amount
of interest we pay is about one hundred and
thirty million dollars yearly. It is nearly ten
million dollars more "than the English interest,
and yet schedule C, according to the English
return, yielded as follows; and in order that
there may be no mistake about schedule C, I
give its language as found in the statute-book :
" Schedule G.
" Upon all profits arising from annuities, dividends,
and shares of annuities payable to any person, body-
politic or corporate, company or society, whether
corporate or not corporate, out of any public revenue,
there shall be charged yearly for every twenty shil-
lings of the annual amount thereof the sum of seven
pence without deduction."—Stalutee-at-Large, 5 and
0 Victoria, p. SIS.
I say this schedule C yielded as follows:
In 1843  £812,982
In 1847  739,630
In 1850   744.925
In 1S57  1,795,718
la 1865   73o.5o2
In I860  612,223
So this schedule C, which ever since Pitt's
time—except the years when there was no
income tax—has been the schedule for the tax-
ation of the public debt, yielded in a time of
need in the Crimean war nearly nine million
dollars in gold! It was called upon again last
year for'the Abyssinian war, but how much it
yielded I do not know.
If Great Britain taxes thus when she pays
but three per cent, interest, how happens it to
he repudiation if we take twelve or thirteen
million dollars off a large amount of interest
in the aggregate when onr creditor is receiving
six per cent. ? And whatbecomes of the state-
ment of the Ways and Means Committee that
no civilized eouutrv -taxes as we proposed to
tax and the implied statement that our present
tax is larger than the English? _
And 1 desire to call the attention of tho
House-to the. fact that during the Crimean war
