1868.
Offi TONGKKSSfONAt GLOBS.
SB1
grants in ehtqt, that • nmomM extension
should be given to them. We all know tkt
four Tears of the time this companybas been
in existence we have been engaged in such a 1
war that the capital and labor of the country
hare all been absorbed io that direction, and
it has been impossible to carry on these great
enterprises requiring millions ©f money. I
think, aa baa been shown by the gentleman
from Iowa, that this company has exhibited a
disposition to aet in good faith. They hate
attempted tocoapletethe road, and they should
have a reasonable extension of time in which
to complete it.
This company, sir, simply ask* for three and
a half years to complete a railroad three hun-
dred mites in extent, the last and western por-
tion through a country almost entirely onset*
tied. I have that from the gentleman who
represents that portion of the State. 1 regard
this as a just measure of relief.
Mr. H u BBARD, of Iowa. It runs through
a country almost entirely treeless, which never
would he settled but for this road.
Mr. HOPKINS. I have no doubt of that.
The gentleman is familiar with the road, for it
runs through his district. This House paused
not long ago a bill of a similar character grant-
ing extension of time for the completion of a
road in Michigan and Wisconsin. I know of
no reason why we shonld make an exception
in this case. This bill is drawn more care-
fully with a view of protecting the interests of
the people than any bill of the kind I have ever
known It provides, as the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Hfuutoj says—
what seems almost impossible for the company
to do—that they shall complete within one year
sixty mile* of this road and have it in running
order; and every year thereafter it provides
that they shall complete forty miles. 1 do not
know how you can tie them np any tighter.
I do not know but the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. WASHwmint] will elaim this as an
extensive grant to a railroad company. I
assert that it grants not a single acre of land,
but is simply a measure of relief, to allow this
company to go on and complete this road. _ It
is one of the old grants made in 1856 allowing
six sections to the mile, unlike those that have
been made since where larger quantities of
land have been donated. It grants a less
quantity of land than have been granted to
railroads by more recent acts.
As I said before, I not only regard this as a
necessity, but I consider it the duty on the
part of Congress to give this company the
relief asked for. They have shown the desire
and the ability to build the road, because they
have already built one hundred and forty miles,
and they would have completed it had it not
been for the embarrassment which the war
created. Every gentleman here koows how
great that embarrassment has been to the
railroad enterprises of this country. When
the war commenced iron was wiling at thirty
dollars per ton; when it closed it was worth
$120. T\jf cost of labor has increased in
almost a corresponding ratio; and at one time
during the war it waa almost impossible for
these railroad companies to get laborers at all.
There is another feature of this grant which
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,]
perhaps, had better discuss. The Government
of the United States has been liberal toward
the West in helping along these works of inter-
nal improvement which develop that region
of country and which are necessary to its
development aud prosperity. But although
it has granted land to aid in the construction
of railroads, it has carefully guarded the in-
terests of the United States by granting one
section of land and putting up the priee of the
section alongside of it, thereby retaining the
tame valne to the Government of the United
States as both sections would have sold fbr
originally if the alternate section had not been
granted for these public improvements.
I do not know but the gentleman will say
that these grants have not been beneficent in
their object and purpose; but I regard them
aa tli« most beneficent that this Congress has
ever made. Without1 this aid we would not
have had many of these great works of internal
improvement. It is through the aid of Con-
gress by just such grants as this that they have
Been accomplished. Without this railroad run-
ning through our country our land is almost
valueless. We need this road in order to pro-
mote settlement, build up the country, and make
the people prosperous.
Mr. 8ELYE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask a question ?
Mr. HOPKINS. Certainly.
Mr. SELYE. Does this bill appropriate any
money t
Mr. HOPKINS. Not a dollar of money nor
an acre of public land.
Mr. SELYE. Does it renew the old appro-
priation?*
Mr. HOPKINS. It does not. It simply
extends the time for the completion of the
road. The time runs out on the 15th of May
next. I now yield to the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I am sorry that I am confined to twenty tnin-
ntes, but as it was the best I could get I have
to take it, although it will be impossible forme
in that length of time to state my objections to
this bill. It was merely by a parliamentary
device yesterday that this bill went over, and I
am graciously permitted to-day, on behalf of
my constituents to say one word against this
proposed scheme.
I mast in the first instance call the attention
of gentlemen for a moment to the manner in
which we are doing business here. Bills are
brought in from committees, and, without expla-
nation or debate, are put through under the gag
of the- previous question. Aud 1 submit, sir,
that in view of the legislation of the last four
years, it is time for the members of this House,
if they have the independence which should
. belong to American Representatives, to pause,
and to determine that this practice shall no
longer be tolerated. Why, sir,-it was only the
: other day that you had a similar bill brought
1 in for Michigan Mid Wisconsin, and I under-
take to say there were not five men in this
House who knew what its provisions were,
and which was put through under the previous
question, and it turned out that it appropriated
five hundred and seventy-four thousand acres
| of the public lands.
Mr. HOPKINS rose.
I Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. • I cannot
yield unless the gentleman will allow me
further time. Yesterday we had another bill,
taking away all the guards which we have
thrown around the laws for the protection of
the public lands, thrust through the House
i under the previous question. And, sir, what
* has this gag brought us to? Let- our Kepub-
\ lican friends examine the history of the legis-
lation for the past few years. Let them look
I at the extravagant and profligate expenditures
I of the last few years, which have aroused the
< attention and the indignation of the American
people, and let them beware, if we go on in this
, manner, that our constituents do not drive us
1 into the Potomac and send other men here
I who will more vigilantly guard their interests
! and their rights. I have seen this thing of the
S previous question long enough. As the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Van Wyck] well
said the other day, it is time it was " played
out" or we are no longer a deliberative body.
Measures of every nature and description are
gagged through here. I tell gentlemen on this
side of the House let us beware. I have seen
a party before come into this House in the
pride of its power and strength, with a two-
thirds majority, and have seen them crowd
measures upon the country which sent back
other men to take their places in a succeeding
Congress. Let gentlemen beware that they do
not press this thing too far.
Sir, I wish I had time to discuss the policy
of railroad land grants. Whatever may have
been its policy heretofore I think that it is not
good policy now; when our country is loaded
down 'with debty 'when batakraptcy and rain
and repudiation confront us in this Hall, I sub-
mit to gentlemen if it is wise for ub to go On
further in this way, squandering our patrimony
and exhausting our Treasury. Whatever the
policy may have been at one time, whether
good or bad, I repeat it is not good policy now,
and I My that we cannot afford to give it our
sanction or our'indorsement at this time.
Sir, I say that I cannot go into an argument
M to the general principle. Oh, no. I am
on a procrnstean bra. I can only speak twenty
minutes here on a matter which involves mil-
lions of dollars' worth of public fend. That is
the time to which I am limited. A bill of four
pages is brought in here, without any written
report to which we can refer, without any exam-
ination, and we ate called upon to pass it in a
.brief hour, without any such examination as
belongs to a measure of this character.
Now, sir, what is this measure ? In 1866
Congress made this grant. They provided firf
a certain road, and they provided tnat the-road
should be built from the Mississippi river, at
Tete des Nortes, to a given point on the road.
That road, to aid which the State granted the
lands, has refused to carry out the conditions
of the grant, and refhsed to build and put in
running order that branch of railroad as the
law provided. I State that as a matter within
my personal knowledge; and I state upon the
authority of Bay distinguished friend from Iowa
[Mr. HubbabD] that under some Curious de-
cision of the land office, and in defiance of the
plain letter of the law, they have permitted
that railroad to go one hundred miles in ad-
vance of the terminus and take up land, and
have given them patents for.it.
Mr. HUBBARD, of lOWb. If the gentle-
man will permit me 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
yield to ray friend if it is to-be taken'out of my
time. What I have said is what my friend [Mr.
HuBnAiiD, of Iowa] told me yestetday; and I
have no doubt of it;
Well, sir, we gave ten years of time, to this
company to build this road before the'grant
was to expire. They failed to build the road.
In 1865 the parties in interest slipped through
Congress another bill extending the time for
two years. They have not taken advantage
of that extension and built their road. _ What
do we see now ? We see them come in and
demand of us that We should give them four
years longer.
Now, gentlemen very well understand how
these land-grant tills and other bills are brought
in here. They are brought here by the parties
in interest. My friend from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Hopkiks,] who so ably advocates this bill, of
course has no interest in*this matter. The
United States has no interest in this matter of
giving away between six and seven hundred
thoasand acres'of the public land, as I take it.
Then let me ask who is interested in this1 legisla-
tion ? Why, sir, it is a rail road company. And
let me ask my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Hop-
kins] what railroad company it is? Does he
know? What railroad company is it we a*e
i legislating for?
Mr. HOPKINS. As I understand it we
are legislating for the benefit of the State Of
Iowa.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That does
not answer my question. What railroad com-
pany is to have the benefit of that grant?
Mr. HOPKINS. I understand it is a rail-
road company building a line of road from
Dubuque to Sioux City.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
what we want to get at. I live in that neigh-
borhood, and I understand afewthings. I wish,
gentlemen, in the first place, to examine this
ring-streaked and speckled map [exhibiting a
map] and see the land we have given to Iowa
already. We have given more than six millions
of acres of the people's land to that State.
Mr. HOPKINS. How much -land have we
riven to Illinois ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know;' I think it was about two million seven
