1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3999
The words proposed to be inserted in lieu of
the first three sections of Mr. Sherman's amend-
ment were read, as follows:
1 € further enacted, That the Secretary of
the ireusuryt bo, and he is hereby, authorized and
required to issue, upon the faith ami credit of the
united Sta es, ill sums of not loss than City dollars
each, coupon or registered bonds to an amount suffi-
cient. lo redeem all the interest-bearing bonds of the
united States, except the five per cent, bonds, to
be kuown as the "consolidated debt of the United
btates."
And be it further enacted. That the bonds issued
under the provisions of this aet shall be parable in
fitly years from the dates thereof, and shall bear in-
terest at the rate of five per coot, per annum; the
said interest shall bo paid semi-annually, aud at such
dates as will cause an equal amount thereof to be
p id_ quaiterly, to wit: On the first days of January,
April, July, and October, in eachyear; and theprin-
cipal and interest ot the said "consolidated debt of
the United States" shall be paid in coin as hereinaf-
ter specified.
And be it farther enacted. That the said bonds shall
be issued solely m exchange for and in redemption
of the herein oefoie men tinned interest-bearing bonds
of tli© UuuedStates, and such exchange and redemp-
tion shall be made at any time prior to the 1st day
of January, 1870, at such places and under such reg-
ulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may pre-
scribe.
Ami.be it further enacted. That the said bonds shall
be subject to a national tax of one half of one per
cent, per annum, to be paid semi-annually m coin
attbedateot maturity of the interest thereon, and
the amount ot saidtaxshall be specified on the face
of said bonds; and it shall be the duty of the Seere-
taiy of the Treasury, uuder such regulations as he
may prescribe in making payment of the interest on
said bonds, to deduct tiierelroin the ta,x hereby pro-
iided,and tocoverthe s^me into theTieasury of the
United Slates.
And be it Jurther enacted, That it shall be the duty
of the Secreiaiy of the Treasury to ascertain, as
nearly as may be, the residences of the persons or
corpora ions owning the bonds upon which said tax
of one halt ot one per cent, shall be collected, and
he .-halt thereby determine ,ts accurately us is possi-
ble the amount of said tax paid by each State re-
spectively through persons and corporations resident
therein, which amount shall, by said Secretary, be
paid over annually to the State from whose citizens
and corporations the same was received. And such
taxes shall be in lieu of all State, municipal, or local
taxation on said "consolidated debt of LUe United
States."
Andbe it further eiacted, That the gradual reduc-
tion and final extinction of the said " consolidated
debt of tne United States" shall bo accomplished
in the following manner., to wit: All the taxes paid
uuder the provisions of this aet on bonds held or
owned by persons and corporations not resident in
the United States shall be applied annually to the
payment and liquidation of the principal of said
debt and to no other purpose, and the Secretary of
tlie Treasury sh.t 11 for ten years, from and after
the passage of this aet, redeem annually by pur-
chase, in coin, ^10.000,000 of said debt; from the tenth
to tue twentieth year thereafter heshallin like man-
ner redeem $20,000,000 annually; from the twentieth
to the thirtieth year thereafter he shall in like raan-
nerredeem $40,000,000 annually; from the thirtieth
to the fortieth year thereafter he shall.in like man-
ner ledeem $60,000,000 annually: and from tne for-
tieth to the titueth year thereafter he shall in like
manner redeem S80.000.000 annually, or until the
whole of sai.I debt is redeemed.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, this amend-
ment proposes to submit to the bondholders
the simple proposition to change their six per
cent, bonds without taxation for five per cent,
bonds running fifty years with one half of one
per cent, taxation. The amendment docs not
propose to put upon the market this consoli-
dated debt of the United States, amounting to
nearly two thousand million dollars, and using
the proceeds to redeem the outstanding bonds.
In this particular the amendment differs from
the amendment of the Committee on Finance,
which provides for exchanging these new bonds
for the old bond-*, or for using the proceeds of
the new bonds to redeem the old ones. The
amendment of the Committee on Financc neces-
sarily raises the question whether the five-twen-
ties shall be paid in gold or in greenbacks. My
amendment avoids that disturbing question, a
question upon which gentlemen of unquestioned
capacity and character entertain widely differ-
entopinions. My amendment gives the bond-
holders the privilege, from its passage to the
1st day of January, 1870, of exchanging their
bonds bearing an interest of sfe: per cent, for
bonds bea ing an interest of five per cent, less
one half of one per cent, taxation, an J having
fit'iy \ears to run.
'1 here has been, and there will doubtless
continue to be, unless we remedy it, much
complaint that millions of dollars of active
capital, invested in the bonds of the United
States, are exempt from municipal or State
taxation. In the dark and trying hours of the
war the necessities of the nation imposed upon
Congress the policy of exempting the bonds of
the United States from taxation. It was clear
to the comprehension of all that the exemption
of these millions of capital, invested in the
bonds of the Government, would work inequal-
ities among those who bore the burdens of
local taxation. Congress could not permit
if it would the municipal or State authorities
to tax the bonds of the United States, and thus
impair if not destroy the credit of the Govern-
ment. Congress could not, in those days of
stern necessity, provide for the taxation of
bonds, either for local or national purposes.
But the pressing needs of the country are now
over; the opportunity is now given us to con-
solidate our national debt upon new terms and
conditions. It is in the power of Congress now
to do something to equalize the burdens of
Stale taxation. Many of the States, espe-
cially those east of the Alleghanies, owe large
amounts for moneys borrowed to fill the ranks
of the armies dnring the war. Hundreds of
millions of bonds held in these States where
local taxation bears heavily on the people es-
caped contributing anything toward the bur-
dens of State taxation. By imposing upon the
bondholders a tax of one half of one per cent.,
and paying over that tax to the treasuries of
the States where the persons or corporations
who hold the bonds reside or do business, Con-
gress does something to equalize taxation and
to lighten the burdens of the people. The
inequalities of taxation and the burdens of tax-
ation are greatest where the largest amounts of
bonds are held. The taxes received upon the
bonds held abroad go into the Treasury of the
United States, and may be used toward paying
the interest on or extinguishing the principal
of the bonded debt.
Mr. HOWE. Would it not suit the purposes
of the honorable Senator just as well to make
the interest on the bonds four and a half per
cent, and exempt them from taxation as to
make it five and take out one half per cent?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir.
Mr. HOWE. Why not?
Mr. WILSON, i think the two thousand
millions of active capital invested in the con-
solidated debt of the United States ought to
pay something toward the support of the State
governments. It is a source of complaint
among the people that the money invested in
Government bonds contributes nothing to the
support of the schools, the poor, the roads, ot-
to pay the county or State taxes. The inequal-
ities of taxation in States or municipalities are
in proportion to the amounts invested in Gov-
ernment securities. Those communities that
came forward in the most prompt and patriotic
manner during the war and furnished money
to carry on the contest -suffer most from the
inequalities of taxation. Those sections of
the country where many of the people believed
the bonds of the Government were worthless,
who would not invest in bonds themselves, and
who advised their neighbors not to invest in
Government securities, are burdened the least
by the inequalities of taxation. I notice, how-
ever, that those persons who denounced green-
backs as wanderers and vagabonds like Cain,
and who denounced the bonds of their country
as worthless, who predicted the repudiation of
the obligations of the Government, incurred for
the preservation of the national existence,
have the most now to say about the inequalities ;j
of taxation. I therefore propose that in fund- j
ing anew the debt of the United States we do j
something to relieve the people of the States ,
from the inequalities of taxation that press !
upon them. j
I propose that the consolidated debt of (he l|
United Slates shall be paid mainly by the "
increasing population and wealth of the coun-
try. My ^mendmeut provides that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury—
Shall for ten years, from and after the passage
of this act, redeem annually by purchase in coin
$10,000,000 of said debt; from tho tenth to the twen-
tieth year thereafter he shall in like manner redeem
$20,000,000 annually; from tho twentieth to the thir-
tieth year thereoltcr he shall in like manner redeem
$^>0,000,000 i)nua 11y; from the thirtieth to the fortieth
year thereafter he shall in like manner redeem
$60,000,000 annually; and Irom the fortieth to the
fitiieth >ejir thereafter he shall inliko manner re-
deem $80,000 000 annually, or until the whole of said
debt is redeemed.
The property of the United States is now
estimated to he $22,000,000,000. It is pr.o-
.posed to pay $10,000,000 annually for the next
ten jears; in 1878 the property of the United
States will have increased to $37,460,000,000.
From 1878 to 1888 it is proposed to pay
$20,000,000 annually; in 1888 the property
of the United States will have increased to
$65,184,000,000. From 1888 to 1898 it is
proposed to pay $40,000,000 annually; in
1898 the property of the United States will
have increased to $114,824,000,000. From
1898 to 1908 it. is proposed to pay $60,000,000
annually ; in 1908 the property of the United
States will have increased to $203,724,000,000.
From 1908 to 191G it is proposed to pay
$80,000,000 annually; in 1916, forty-eight
years hence, the property of the United States
will have increased to $323,212,000,000, and
our debt will have been extinguished. By
this plan it is proposed to pay during the
next twenty years only $800,000,000 of the
$2,000,000,000 of the consolidated debt. The
balance of the debt, amounting to $1,700,000,-
000, will be paid during the following twenty-
eight years. Twenty years hence the property
of the United States will have increased more
than threefold, and the debt will have become
a light hnirdet), easy to be borne. Our national
debt can easily he carried and easily extin-
guished if the nation is honest and if we make
wise provisions for its pa-yment.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. I desire to have an
executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator whether he thinks we had better come
here to-night?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think not.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better
adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We shall adjourn at
five o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is aware that
tiniest! we do adjourn there will be a recess at
five o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business. We can settle that matter in due
time.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
MoxD.tr, July 13, 18G8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
INTERNAL TAX BILL.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Schenck, Mr. Hoopek of Massachu-
setts, and ilr. Nib lack, as the committee of
conference on the part of the House upon the
bill (H. R. No. 1281) to change, and more effect-
ually secure the collection of internal revenue
on distilled spirits and tobacco, and to amend
the tax on banks.
OltDlCR OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of the States
and Territories for bills and joint resolutions
for reference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into the House by a
motion to reconsider, commencing with she
State of Maine. Under this call memorials
and resolutions of State and Territorial Legis-
latures may be presented.
NAVY-YAKD AT CIIAKLESTOTTN.
Mr. LYNCH introduced a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 332) authorizing the appoinment
of examiners to examine and report upon the
