,1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2dm-
of Louisiana, to Mobile, in the State of Ala-
bama, and to secure to the Government the use
of the same as a military and post road, and
for other purposes.
The hill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that James A. Raynor, William
S. Williams, Sidney Dillon, Franklin Haven,
John B. Alley, William B. Duncan, Cornelius
K. Garrison, Peter Butler, and John J, Howell,
and all persons who shall or may be hereafter
associated with them and their successors and
assigns, are hereby created and erected into a
body corporate and politic, in deed and by
Jaw, by the name, style, and title of The New
Orleans and Mobile Railroad Company, and by
that name shall have perpetual succession, and
shall be able to sue and be sued in all courts
of record, of law and equity within the United
States, and may have a common seal, and exer-
cise and enjoy within the United States of
America the rights, powers, and privileges per-
taining to corporate bodies, and necessary for
the fulfillment of the objects and purposes of
this act; and said corporation is hereby author-
ized and empowered to lay out, construct, main-
tain, use, and enjoy, by running thereon its
engines and cars, a continuous railroad, with
one or more tracks, with the necessary appur-
tenances, and with extensions and branches as
herein provided, and also to construct, main-
tain, and use a telegraph line from the foot of
Saint Joseph street, in the city of New Orleans,
in the State of Louisiana, to the foot of Hunt
street, in the city of Mobile, in the State of
Alabama.
The second section provides that the capital
stock of the corporation shall consist of fifty
thousand shares, of one hundred dollars each,
which shall be subscribed for, and held or
transferred in such manner as shall be pro-
vided for in the by-laws hereafter established
by said corporation. The corporate powers of
said corporation shall be exercised, and its
business shall be conducted and managed by
nine directors, to be appointed or elected by
the stockholders of said corporation, as pro-
vided in its by-laws ; provided, however, that
the persons heretofore named as corporators
shall be the directors for the first year, and until
others are appointed or elected to fill their
places. The said directors shall, as soon as
practicable after the passage of this act, elect
from their own number a president and vice
president, who shall hold their respective offices
for one year, and until their successors shall
be elected. They shall also appoint a secre-
tary and treasurer, and other necessary officers
and agents for said corporation, who shall hold
their respective offices during the pleasure of
said directors. They shall also make and estab-
lish proper and sufficient by-laws for the fuChre
conduct and government of said corporation,
its business and its directors, officers, and
agents. They are also authorized and empow-
ered to sell or obtain subscriptions for the cap-
ital stock in the name of the corporation, and
to demand payment for and enforce the collec-
tion of all subscriptions to or sales of said capital
stock, at such times and places, and in such
proportions as they shall deem necessary for
the construction of the said railroad and tele-
graph as herein provided. A majority of said
directors shall constitute a quorum for the trans-
action of the business of said corporation.
The third section provides that the right of
way through the public lands of the United
States, except such lands as are occupied by
the United States for naval, military, or other
purposes, be, and the same is hereby, granted
to said corporation for the construction of said
railroad and telegraph line, and the right,
power, and authority is hereby given to said
corporation to take from the public lands ad-
jacent to the line of said railroad, earth, stone,
timber, and other materials for the construc-
tion thereof; said right of way is granted to
the extent of one hundred feet in width on
each side of said railroad, where it may pass
over the public lands, including all necessary
grounds for stations and structures connected
therewith. The said corporation is also author-
ized and empowered to enter upon, purchase,
take, and hold any lands or premises, except
such public lands as are hereinbefore excepted,
that may be necessary and proper for the con-
struction and working of said railroad, not
exceeding one hundred feet on each side of its
centre line, and also any lands or premises
that may be necessary and proper for stations
and structures connected therewith, required
for the construction, maintenance, and operat-
ing of said railroad. And in case the said
corporation and the owner or claimant of such
lands or premises cannot agree as to the
proper compensation and damages to be paid
to the said owner or claimant by said corpora-
tion, then and in such case the amount shall
be ascertained and determined by and through
commissioners and proceeding in court, in the
same form and manner as like damages are
determined in regard to .lands thus taken by
the Union Pacific .Railroad Company, pursuant
to and as provided in section three of the act
of Congress approved July 2, 18C4, entitled
" An act to amend an act entitled ' An act to
aid in the .construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from the Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes,' " approved July 1, 1862, the
provisions of said section three of said act, so
far as the same can be made applicable to this
corporation, being reenacted and made a part
of this act.
The fourth section provides that the rail-
road of the New Orleans and Mobile Rail-
road Company, and any part thereof, shall
be a post route and a military road, subject
to the use of the United States for postal,
military, naval, and all other Government
service, upon such terms and subject to such
regulations as Congress may impose in regard
to the compensation which shall be paid to said
corporation for such Government service; and
said corporation is hereby authorized and
empowered to accept to its own use any grant,
donation, loan, power, franchise, real or per-
sonal estate, or any aid or assistance which
may be granted to or conferred upon said cor-
poration by the Congress of the United States,
by the Legislature of any State, or by any
county, parish, city, town, or corporation of
any State, or by any corporation, person, or
persons; and said corporation is authorized to
hold and enjoy the same, and to increase its
capital stock for such purpose, provided that
a majority of the directors and stockholders of
the said corporation shall assent thereto. And
said corporation is also authorized and empow-
ered, from time to time, to borrow or to nego-
tiate and obtain loans of money, or to purchase
property upon its own credit, for the purposes
of constructing and maintaining its said rail-
road, and to issue and sell its corporate bonds
or promissory notes for any such loans or
indebtedness, or to procure money for the use
of said corporation, bearing interest at a rate
not to exceed eight per cent, per annum, and
payable at such"time and place and in such
currency as may be therein named; and to
secure the payment of the same the said cor-
poration may sell, transfer, or mortgage its
said railroad and telegraph line, its franchises,
its capital stock, and any of its real and per-
sonal property, or any part or portion of the
same; and if any of the stock, bonds, or notes
of said corporation are negotiated and sold by
authority of its directors below its or their par
value, such sale shall be in all respects valid
and binding as against said corporation to the
full amount or par value of such stocks, bonds,
or notes sold.
The fifth section provides that the New
Orleans and Mobile Railroad Company, instead |
of constructing each and every portion of said i
-railroad, is hereby authorized and empowered j
to purchase or lease from any State, corpora- \
tiou, person, or persons owning the same, j
any railroad, that may li&ve been constructed, i
and which can be used as a part of said |
railroad, together with any appurtenances and 1
rights, privileges, and franchises thereunto i
belonging; and said corporation, in ease of
any such purchase or lease, is authorized to
connect and use the same with the portions of
railroad constructed pursuant to this act; and
the said corporation is hereby authorized and
empowered to take, carry, and convey persons
and property, by the power of steam, upon said
railroad so constructed, purchased, or leased,
and to receive therefor such tolls and charges
as shall be established by its directors; except-
ing, however, such charges for Government
service as may be regulated by Congress, as
hereinbefore provided.
The sixth section provides that in the con-
struction of said railroad across or upon any
street, highway, water-course, or river, which
said railroad may intersect or touch, the said
corporation shall preserve the same, so as not
to unnecessarily impair its usefulness to the
public; and said corporation is hereby author-
ized and empowered to construct and main-
tain bridges over and across the navigable
waters of the United States, on the route of
said railroad, between New Orleans and Mobile,
for the use of said corporation, and the pas-
sage of its engines, cars, and trains of cars,
passengers, mails, and merchandise thereon ;
and said railroad and its bridges aforesaid,
when constructed, completed, and in use, in
accordance with this act, shall be deemed and
recognized and known as lawful structures and
a post road, and are hereby declared as such ;
provided, however, that the said corporation
in the construction of its bridges over and
across the waters known as the East Pasca-
goula river, the hay of Biloxi, the bay of
Saint Louis, and the Great Rigolet, shall con-
struct and maintain draw-bridges in the chan-
nels thereof, which, when open, shall give a
clear space for the passage of vessels of not
less than eighty feet in the channels of the
East Pascagoula river, of the bay of Biloxi,
and of the bay of Saint Louis, and of not less
than one hundred feet in the channel of the
Great Rigolet; and shall at all times open said
draw-bridges, and shall provide reasonable
and necessary facilities for the passage of all
vessels requiring the same, except during and
for ten minutes prior to and after the time of
the passage of its mail and passenger trains.
The seventh section provides that the better
to accomplish the object of this act, namel}',
to promote the public interest and welfare by
the construction of said railroad and telegraph
line, and keeping the same in working order,
and to secure to the Government at all times
(but particularly in time of war) the use and
benefits of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes, Congress may at any time,
having due regard for the acquired interests
and rights of the New Orleans and Mobile
Itailroad Company, add to, alter, and amend
this act, so as to prevent or remove all
material obstructions to the navigation of said
rivers growing out of the construction of said
bridges.
The amendment was to add to section tffiee
the following:
Provided, however, That said commissioners of
appraisal may be appointed by nnyjudge of a court
of record in the State wherein the land or premises
to be taken lie.
The question was upon agreeing to the
amendment.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. ROSS. My point is, first, that it is no
part of the duty of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads to prepare and report
charters for railroads in the several States;
secondly, that the Congress ofthe United States
has no power to charter railroads in the differ-
ent States.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order on the ground that the House,
by a direct vote, specially referred this bill to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will state very
briefly the facts in regard to this bill. It is
