1952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
I
agree fully with the Senator from Maine that
however we may arrange our tariff and tax
laws, or however we may reason about them, we
cannot escape from the conclusion that the
revenues of the Government, through what-
ever channels paid into the Treasury, are
wholly drawn from the consumers. _
Third. Because it is fair and it is import-
ant that all of the branches of industry should
understand what is to be the whole policy of
the Government. The manufacturers are a
comparatively small class in this country.
While it is important to them to know whether
their products arehereafter to be taxed, itis of
equal importance that the mercantile, the com-
mercial, and the agricultural interests should
know whether or not we are to be content to
improve the condition of the manufacturers
and ignore the claims of all other classes of
people and all other descriptions of* industry.
Fourth, Because a reduction of the tariff
will greatly increase the revenues from im-
lOrts, and for two reasons : first, that assigned
y the Senator from Vermont in his remarks
in the House of Representatives on the 2d
June, 1864, "that as we increase the cost of
one article we diminish the number of those
who will be able to consume itand, second,
because you will thereby lessen the amount of
frauds now perpetrated upon the^ revenue.
Your tariff laws now furnish an incitement to
smuggling, and the passage of the act as re-
ported from the committee will only stimulate
that description of enterprise still further. I
can enumerate many imported articles now
openly sold in the market of New York at one
half the amount of the import duty. Why?
Because your high duty has encouraged smug-
gling. These are some of the reasons, and only
a part of them, why I think we ought at this
time to consider our whole financial system as
an entirety, and not as a,sort of mosaic legisla-
tion, each part to be prepared, polished, and
adjusted at such times as the whim of the seven
financial workmen selected by this body shall
dictate.
And now how do we stand pledged upon
this subject? I do not need anything further
as evidence on this point than the remarks of
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessexdex] yes-
terday in reply to die Senator from Michigan,
TMr. Howard.] It will be remembered that
the Senator from Maine at the time of the pas-
sage of both these tariff acts was the chairman
of the Committee on Finance of this body.
Yesterday he said:
"When we passed the tariff bill we graduatod the
duties upon imported iron and copper upon the tax
that wo imposed upon tho domestic manufaetuie of
iron and coppcr. The tariff bill is hiarlicr at this day
for the very raising of those taxes. What i> tho effect
of this bill'! The effect ot this bill is to relieve iron
of all the taxes imposed by way of internal tax and
leave tho heavy duties on importations unchanged,
thus having tho double benefit."
Mr. President, that is tlie complaint that I
have against the bill as it now stands upon the
table and on which we are called to vote—that
every dollar that wo take out of the Treasury
or that we prevent going into the Treasury for
the benefit, it is said, of these manufacturers
only serves, virtually and in effect, to so much
increase the tariff upon the consumer.
Now, sir, let us see what we stand pledged
to in this regard. When the tariff bill of 1862
was under consideration Mr. Moerii.l, of Ver-
mont, in moving to amend a section relating
to iron, said:
"Tho object of the amendment is to place a duly
equal to the tax laid upon bar-iron. As the bill w;'S
reported all iron costing less than fifty dollars per
ton was exempted from duty. But the tax on this
iron is SI 50 per ton, and, hi addition to that a taxhas
been levied upon coal, it takes from four to oK'ht
tons of eeal to make a ton of iron."—Globe, page 2936,
part tour, second session Thirty-Seventh Congress.
"Ml-. SllKMiABAKOEE. I rise to mako ail inquiry
of the chairman or some member of the Committee
of Ways and Means as to the correspondence be-
tween tho additional duties assessed on the articles
named in this section and the tax wa have put upon
them by the tax bill. I would inquire if tho in-
creased duty is larger in any considerable number
of cases than the tax that we have imposed? "
Mr. Stevens, who was at that time the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and had charge of the tariff bill then under
consideration, replied:
"The general principle adopted is tho one that was
mentioned by us when the tax bill was under con-
sideration. We have laid the additional duty, as
nearly as possible, at the samo rate as the tax, ex-
oept in some cases where it was necessary to eorrect
errors in tho present tariff. . _ _
"Mr. Shellabakgeb. I wish simply uo say that 1
desiro to vote on this bill in suchaway that we shall
accomplish this result, to wit: leave the present
tariff substantially as it is, of courso having regard
to tho imposition of home dutics_ upon these com-
modities. Whorevcr by increasing the tarili we
would increase the revenue during the war 1 should
be willing to vote for tho increase; but 1 am not
willing to increaso tho tariff on any of these com-
modities except as a compensation for duties that
have been imposed upon them, unless that increase
will result in an incicaso of our war revenue. I am
very glad, to be informed that the bill is constructed
with regard to that."
In a discussion upon the duties upon rice,
Mr. Stevexs said:
"Now, what I look upon as important in reference
to the duty 011 rico, is this: tho doubt is whether we
ought to levy any tax on imported rice at alt. My
own judgment is that we ought not, because wehave
not included it in the tax bill, and it is a violation
of the principle upon which we started in making up
this tariff bill."—Page 2939.
Again, Mr. Stevens is reported on page 3053
of the Globe as saying:
"As long ago as three months, perhaps, when the
tax bill was reported to this House, tho Committee
of Ways and Means distinctly stated, and it went
forth to the country through all the papers, that wo
intended to impose an additional duty upon imports
equal to the tax which they had put upon tho du-
mestie article. It wasdone by way ot compensation
to domestic manufactures agamsttoreign imports."
So much in regard to the tariff of 1802, and
tlie principle upon which it was announced to
the world that that tariff was framed. Bear in
mind, Mr. President, that we passed a war
tariff' in 1801 by which we greatly increased
the duties imposed by the tariff of 1857 upon
all goods imported into tho country. Then,
in 1802 we passed the bill, extracts from the
debate upon which I have just read to the Sen-
ate. Then, again, in 1801 we passed another
tariff bill, still further increasing the duties on
imports. When that bill was under considera-
tion in the Senate, Mr. Clark, the then Senator
from New Hampshire, and who was a mem-
ber of the Finance Committee, and who had
a good deal to do with the bill, said :
"Tho principle that has governed the committee
in adjusting this tariff has been to make tho duties
correspondent with the internal revenue, to advance
the one as we advance the other."
Senator Fessenden said:
" The policy of the country, I take it, is to get
money to support tlie Government principally from
internal taxation, and to an exceedingly largo degree
from manufactures. If you propose to get money
from them you miist enable thom to pay it; because,
if you so legislate as to break down manufactures,
or to check their prosperity or affect their prosperity
seriously, that source of revenue, which is the great
source of revenue, isdriedup.andyoufaihn that most
important particular. Tho tariff is adjusted, and was
adjusted before, upon that simple particular with
rel'erenco to tho internal revenue taxation ; and any
gentleman will see, on the slightest consideration in
tho world, that on no other principle can you possibly
accomplish your object."
Mr. Cowan, then a Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, and also a member of the Committee on
Finance having charge of the bill, said :
"It was universally agreed that this tariff bill was
to be compensatory; that it was to compensate
aoruinst tho additional internal revenue levied upon
tlie several articles embraced in it."
Mr. President, I know the Senate is impatient
to come to a vote on this proposition; else I
would take great pleasure in reading several
other extracts from the able speeches of some
of my associates on this floor as well as from
the speeches of members of the House of Rep-
resentatives, all going to the same purpose. I
say that Congress is pledged to the country
that the tariff bill and the tax bill shall be com-
pensatory of each other; that if we pass this
bill without the amendment which I propose,
the advantage will be exclusively to the manu-
facturers and not to the consumers in Iowa
and Nevada; that it will not diminish the
amount they will be compelled to pay for all
the imported articles, or the manufactured
articles either; for, sir, I do not apprehend that
you are going to reduce the price of a single
manufactured article in this country by taking
off these taxes. We tried that in several in-
stances. We took off, three or four years ago,
the duty on agricultural implements; and 1
believe, instead of the price of agricultural im-
plements going down it went up. The reason
was that the high price was not caused, as a
great many men seemed to foresee in the first
instance, by this small duty, but by the condi-
tion of your currency.
Mr. President, I have very faint hopes that
this amendment will be adopted, but 1 hope I
shall accomplish the object of callingthe atten-
tion of the country to the subject. I want it
to be understood how Congress committed
itself when it passed the former tariff bills,
and I want it to be understood, when another
tariff bill shall come before us, if one ever
shall come, demanding at our hands that an
additional duty of twenty or thirty per cent,
shall be imposed on all products imported from
abroad, that we stand committed not in favor
of such an imposition of duties, but rather of
a diminution of the duties.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Mr. President,
I suppose the Senator from Iowa has already
accomplished his purpose, as I presume he
does not anticipate success in his motion. He
has completed the mosaic symmetry ot his rec-
ord. Formerly, I believe, he was counted aa_
an advocate of protection ; but more recently, "
he seems to have swung around the circle and
got on tlie other side.
I suppose that the sentiment of the Senate
has already been indicated in relation to in-
grafting on this bill any topic relating to the
taiiff. I doubt not that the vote we have al-
ready had is a fair indication of what the vote
will be on this proposition.
In relation to the merits of the question,
there is no doubt that the tariff was increased
to an equal amount with the internal taxes at
the commencement; but as we progressed we
found that we had to increase it a little more
than the precise percentage, because there was
a duplication, and a reduplication of taxes that
made the cost of domestic manufactures large.
Paper money also added to the cost of every-
thing.
The sole or paramount question is, whether
we can spare this money trom the Treasury.
I shall be very ready to reduce the tariff when-
ever we can spare the money. But, contrary
to the theories of the free-trade men, it has
been ascertained that a high tariff will produce
a larger amount of revenue than a low one.
The tariff of 1837, if I recollect rightly, only
produced about sixty million dollars. The
tariff of 1801, which only went on the theory
of a mere translation of ad valorem duties into
specific duties, produced a very much larger
amount of revenue ; and when we had to in-
crease the tariff after tho commencement of the
war we found that a higher rate of duties more
than doubled the amount of revenue received,
and all that, too, in gold.
Now, sir, if gentlemen think they can spare
the monay,' if they prefer to resort to internal
taxation in preference to customs duties, they
will vote for the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa and reinstate the duties upon our
internal or domestic productions. 1 rather
think myself that tho Senate and the country
will be better satisfied to raise whatever rev-
enue we must raise as much as possible from
customs duties. Certainly, we cannot afford,
it appears to me, to reduce them at the present
moment. It is not a question of protection,
but one of revenue.
Mr. CATTELL obtained the floor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the Senator
from Vermont takes his seat I should like to
ask liim one question, if the Senator from New
Jersey will allow me to do so. The Senator
from Vermont closed his remarks by saying
that we should raise the revenue as far as pos-
sible from imports instead of by direct taxa-
tion. I wish to know of the Senator how he
proposes to dispose of the execss that accumu-
lates in gold in the Treasury. The laws pro-
vide for the payment of certain obligations on
