4000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
expediency of discontinuing the navy-yard at
Charlestown, Massachusetts, and uniting the
name with the yard at Kittery, Maine; which
was resd a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
OTIS A. YFIIITlillliAD.
Mr. ROBERTSON introduced a bill (II.
It. No. 1417) to release the sureties on the
official bond of Otis A. Whitehead, an addi-
tional paymaster in the Army of the United
States, for moneys lost after his death ; which
lvas read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
HOMESTEADS FOR SOLDIKRS.
Mr. SCOFIELD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1418) to authorize soldiers to select home-
steads from the public lands ; which was read
a first and sec-owl time, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
AMENDMENT OF PATENT LAWS, ETC.
Mr. MERCUR introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1419) in addition to the act of July 4, 1838, to
promote the progress of the useful arts ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Patents.*
\\. II. COX.
Mr. MILLER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1420) directing the Commissioner of Pensions
to proceed to hear evidence and determine the
right of VYr. II. C.ix, deceased, late a sergeant
in company F, second regiment Pennsylvania
artillery, to a pension, in the same manner as
if he were still alive, he having died of disease
contracted while a pi isomer of war at Ander-
sonville, Georgia, and if found to be entitled
to a pension then the same from time of his
discharge till death to be paid over to his father
Charles D. Cox; which was read a first and
second time, and with the accompanying pa-
pers referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
LIEUTENANT IIAIUIIS L. REED.
Mr. WELKER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1421) for the relief of Lieutenant Harris L.
Iteed ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS, PABUCAII, KENTUCKY.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky, introduced a
bill (II. R. No. 1422) appropriating $3100.000
for the erection of a custom-house, post olliee,
and court roomsat Paducah, Kentucky ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
TENNESSliK WAR EXPENSES.
Mr. STOKES presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of Tennessee asking to be
reimbursed for expenses incurred in calling
out the militia in 1S67 ; which were referred
to the Committee of Claims.
SUITS AGAINST RAILROAD CORPORATIONS.
Mr. COOK introduced a bill (II. R. No.
142;;) to provide for bringing suits in the courts
of the United States against railroad corpora-
tions where portions of the line are in several
States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
IRON MOUNTAIN RAILROAD.
Mr. ROOTS introduced a bill (H. It. No.
1424) to amend an act entitled ''An act mak-
ing grants of lands in alternate sections to aid
in the construction and extension of the Iron
Mountain railroad from Pilot Knob, in the
Suue of Missouri, to Helena, in the Slate of
Arkansas which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed,
WASHINGTON AND CINCINNATI RAILROAD.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, presented
a joint resolution of the Legislature of the State
ot West Virginia, requesting the passage of the ■
bill incorporating the Washington and Cincin- t
nati National Railroad Company ; which was ]
referred to the Committee on Commerce. ;
MINNESOTA VALLEY RAILROAD.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a joint reso-
lution (II. It. No. 333) to protect the existing
land grant to the Minnesota railroad ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Public Lauds, and
ordered to be printed.
CALL OF STATES, ETC., FOR RESOLUTIONS.
The SPEAKER. The next business in the
morning hour is the call of States and Terri-
tories for resolutions in their inverse order,
commencing with Montana.
INDIAN TERRITORIES.
Mr. CAVANAUGII submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
/ievolved, That the Secrotary of the Interior bo,
and is hereby, directed to tarnish to this House
copies of all treaties made by the peace commission-
ers with tile several tubes of western Indians dming
tho last and present years.
TELLER OP 'HIE SERGEANT-AT-ARMS.
Mr. FLANDERS introduced a joint resolu-
tion, (II. R. No. 334,) on which he demanded
the previous question.
The resolution was lead. It provides that for
the present Congress and commencing there
with the Clerk of the House is directed t*o pay
from the contingent fund of the House to the
messenger and acting teller in the office of the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the House the difference
between his present pay and the pay of the
file and engrossing clerks of the House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What is his pay now?
How much does the gentleman propose to
increase it?
Mr. FLANDERS. Thcpresentpay is $1,200,
and it is proposed to increase it to §1,800.
Mr. BENJAMIN, it proposes to increase
his pay $GOO a year ?
Mr. FLANDERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is that in addition to the
twenty per cent, which we have already in-
creased it?
Mr. FLANDERS. I understand not.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand it does,
and I hope the previous question will uot be
seconded.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. BENJAMIN rose to debate it, and the
joint resolution, under the rules, went over.
SETTLERS ON CHEROKEE NEUTRAL LANDS.
Mr. CLEVER. I introduce a joint resolu-
tion (II. It. No. 335) for the protection of set-
tlers on the Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas,
on which I demand the previous question.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas in the treaty between the United States
and the Cherokee nation ot Indians, made July 19.
ISoG, proclaimed August 11,1K6G, there is :i provision
purporting to authonzeasalo bytho Secretary of tho
interior oft bo Cherokee neutral lauds in Kansas,
but which reserves irom sale lands having improve-
ments ot the value oi'liliy dollars,not, being mineral
and occupied by any person lor agricultural pur-
poses, and which gives to occupant;, tne light to pur-
chase one hundred and sixty acreseaeli of said lands,
under and by virtue of which about eight hundred
families are provided for; and whereas between
August 11, 1806, and Juno 6, 18GB, about twenty-
seven hundred additional families, have settled on
said Cherokee neutral lands, each family occupying
one hundred and sixty acres, on which improvements
have been made at an average cost of about five hun-
dred and ten dollars, beside expenditures lor living
ofSIoOlor each lainiiy,saidset,ticmentand improve-
ments being made without objection irom anysourco
and on the faith that the settlers would be protected
in the right to acquire title to said lands as other
settlers on the puMic lands; and whereas on the 30th
day of Au'.<utt, lS(3o, a controet was made by and
between .) \Mi:s lLyu.ax, Secretary of the Interior,
and the American f-imgraut Company, for the sale
of certain poitions of said land", which contract has
been a^njcried by said company to James l'\ Joy, said
contract and assignment being on file m tho ilopait-
meat ot the interior; .mid v/herta.-* a supplemental
treaty between tho United States and said Cherokee
Indians was made April 27,1S<M, ratified Juno 6, and
proclaimed June 10, ISGy, all without aio knowledge
thereot by any tif thopersons occup; said lands,
and whieh ratifies said contract with the American
Emigrant Company and tho assignment thereof to
said Joy with ccrtain raoditieatioiis provided in said
supplemental treaty, but whieh mattes no provision
for the protection ot the persons orfamikes who have
settled upon and improved said lands, but purports
to ratify a sale of saul lauds including tho improve-
ments thereon : therefore,
Jieiolsed bi/the Uenate and House of Representatives
of the Uaitcd Statee of America in Congress assembled.
That in atL eases where any pel son, prior to June iO,
1868, shall have settled on any tract of land ot one
hundred and sixty aeies or less, in tho body of lands
known as tho Cherokee neutral tands, and shall
iiuto made improvements thereon of tiie value of
filty dollars, and occupied such tract for agricultural
puryuMS.*, such person, his heirs or assigns, so occu-
pying my such tract of land shall, alter due pi oof
made in such manner as may be_ pr'.-cnbed by the
Secretary of the lutoiioi, be entitled to on tor and
rcceivc   patent for tho lands so occupied on payiBg
SI 25 an acre within one year, in such maimer as tile
Secretary of tho Interior may pn scribe. And the
money so to be paid for said lauds shall bo paid over
to said Cherokee Indians.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to know
whether this legislation proposes to interfere
with the treaty which was ratified by the Senate
on the Otli of Jurae iast.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. It proposes
to protect twenty-seven hundred families who
have settled on tkese hinds and made improve-
ments without objection, having expended
each nearly one thousand dollars in improve-
ments. We want to prevent them from being
turned out of their possessions and deprived
of their rights by a treaty which assumes
to dispose of public lands without the authority
of Congress. The facts in relation to this pre-
amble and resolution are perhaps sufficiently
stated therein in view of the debates already had
in this House; but I may say a lew words as to
the duty and power to pass the resolution. On
the 31st December, 1838, a patent was issued
to the Cherokee nation of Indians lor the Chero-
kee neutral lands. This patent was issued in
pursuance of a treaty and on the authoiity of
the act of Congress of May 28, 1830, wiaieh,
however, provided that—-
" Such lands shall revert to tho United States if tho
Indians become extinct ur abandon the same."
By treaty of July 19, 1866, proclaimed
August 11 1866, the Cherokees ceded to the
United States these lands in trust to be sold lor
not less than one dollar an acre, reserving to
actual settlers on the lands on the 11th August,
1806, the right to purchase the lands by tliem
occupied at an appraisement therein provided
for. Inpursuauce of thistreaty, Secretary Har-
lan made a sale of the lands not occupied by set-
tlors to the Atneiican Emigrant Company, Att-
gustOO, 1866. Secretary Browningelaimitigtiiig
sole to be invalid, on the 9th October, lS07,sold
the same lands to James F. Joy. The emigrant
company, to settle tho conflict, assigned their
contract to Joy. By a supplemental treaty,
made April 27, ratified June tj, and proclaimed
June 10, 1808, this assignment and sale are
confirmed. Between August 11, 1806, and
J une 0, 1808, some twenty-seven hundred fam-
ilies settled each upon one hundred and sixty
acres of these lands and made large improve-
ments, and yet this sale and supplemental
treaty profess to sell out their lands, improve-
ments, and all without compensation, and
leaving the settlers to be turned out of posses-
sion or to buy their lands at such prices as may
be imposed on them by Mr. Joy, 1 object to
the sale to Joy because it is unjust to the settlers;
I object to it because it is made upon the
authority ol a treaty ; and this House has again
and again declared a treaty cannot authorize
a sale of public lauds. The sale to J ov is void.
But if a sale could be authorized by treaty, the
sale in thiscase is void. The treaty purports to
cede the lands to the United States m trust to
sell them. The execution of a trust cannot be
provided for by treaty; and, at all events, it
can be regulated by law ; and the joint resolu-
tion before us is a mere regulation of the exe-
cution of the trust, or its execution by law. I
have said that the treaty professes to cede a
iiile to the United States in trust; hut the
Indians have no title to cede. The title of ail
public lands is in the United States. The
Indians only have a possessory right. If it be
said the Cherokees had a patent, I answer, the
patent was granted in pursuance of a treaty
which could not convey the legal title. So far
as any title rests on the act of Congress of May
22,1830, the act expressly provides that the title.
