1868.
mi CONGBSSSIOMAL GLOBE.
2m
of the Chief of Engineers relating to the proposed
construction of wharves in the harbor of Oswego,
Hew York, ana the propriety of said eomsrruehon.
CONSOLIDATION OF INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. \AN HORN, of Missouri, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on Indian
Affaire, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1208) to
provide for the consolidation of the Indian
tribes, and to organize a system of Govern-
ment in the Indian territory; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and recommitted.
REGULATION OP RAILROADS.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Roads and Canals, submitted a
majority report, and also a minority report on
behalf of Mr. Kerr, in answer to a resolution
of the House as to whether Congress has the
constitutional right to regulate railroads so as
to provide for the safety of passengers, proper
connection and running of the roads, &c.;
which were laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
DWIGHT J. M'CANN.
Mr. TAPPE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1209) for the relief
of Dwight J. McCann ; which was read a first
and second time, and, with the accompanying
papers, referred to the Committee of Claims.
WASHINGTON AND SCHUYLKILL RAILROAD.
Mr. CAKE, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Roads and Canals, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 121U) to authorize the build-
ing of a railroad from Washington city, Dis-
trict of Columbia, to the Schuylkill river,
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania; which was
read a first and second time, recommitted, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the votes not reconsidered; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT HiiSOLUTION AND BILL.
Mr. HOLM AN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution and bill of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 251) authorizing
the Secretary of War to furnish supplies to an
exploring expedition ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1033) for the relief of
Thomas McLean.
INTERNAL TAX BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and resume the consideration ot the
internal tax bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Pomeboy in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 1060) to reduce, into one act and
to amend the laws relating to internal taxes.
The Clerk read the following section :
Sec. 75. And be it further enacted. That whenever a
■Writ of error shall be issued for the revision of any
judgment or dccree in any criminal proceeding
^drawing in question the construction of any staiute
• of the United States, in a courl ot any State, as is
'provided in the twenty-fifth section of an act enti-
tled "Ail act to establish the judicial courts of the
United States," pasted September 17b9, the de-
• fendant, if charged with an offense bailable by the
laws of sueh Slate, shall not be released from custody
until a final judgment upon such writ, or until a
bond, with sufficient sureties, in a reasonable ^um.
as ordered and approved by Uie State court, shall be
given i and if the offense is not so bailable, until a
final judgment upon the writof error. Writs of error
in criminal cases, shall have precedence upon ..he
docket of the Supreme Court of all cases to which
the Government of the United States is not a party,
excepting only such eases as the court, at their dis-
'ftretion^.may decide to be of public importance*
40th Coxa. 2d Sebs.—No. 187.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next section, as follows :
Sec. 76. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of the sixteentn section of the act approved
August©, 18 6, entitled "An act to provide lor the
better organization of the Treasury, and tor the col-
lection, sale-keeping, transfer, and disbursement of
the public revenue," are hereby applied to, and shall
be construed to include, all officers of the internal
revenue charged with the safe-keeping, transfer, or
disoursementofthepubiicmon^ys arising therefrom,
and to all other persons having actual charge, cus-
tody, or control of moneys or accounts arising from
the administration of the internal revenue.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
as follows:
Sec. 77. And be it further enacted, That after the 1st
day ot J une,lS08, 110 drawback ot internal taxes paid
on manuiactures shall be allowed on tne exportation
ot'any article of domestic manufactuie on which
there is no internal tax at the tune of exportation;
nor shall such drawback be allowed m any case
unless it shall be prov  d by sworn evidence m writ-
ing, to the satisfaction ol the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, that the tax had been paid, and that suoh
articles of manufacture were, prior to the 1st day of
Apiil, 1808, actually purchased or actually manufac-
tured and contacted lor, to be delivered lor such
exportation; and no claim for such drawoack, or tor
any drawback ol internal tax on exportations made
prior to the 31st day of March, lSb8, sha.il be paid
unless presented to the Commissioner ot Internal
Revenue before the 1st day ot October, 186S. And in
no case shall any drawback of internal taxes be
allowed on any article exported after the 1st day ol
January, 1869; and no claiiu lor auj7 drawback of
internal taxes 011 exportations made from the 31st
day of March, 18(58, to the 1st day of January, 1809,
snail be paid unless presented to the Commissioner
ot Internal Revenue belore the 1st day ot January,
1869. But upon articles manufactured exclusively
Iroin cotton exported prior to toe 1st ot January,
1869, there shall be allowed as a drawback an amount
equal to as many cents per pound of cotton-cloth,
yarn, thread, or knit fabrics as shall have been
assessed and paid in the lorm of an internal tax upon
raw cotton entering into the manufacture ol said
cloth or other article, the amount oi such allowance
or drawback to be ascertained in such manner as
may be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. No allowance of drawback &hall be made
for any amount less than ten dollars.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
as follows:
Sec. 78. And be it further enacted, That if any per-
son shall fraudulently claim or seek to obtain an
allowance or drawback on goods, wares, or mcicuan-
dise on which no internal tax snail have been paid,
or shall fraudulently claim any greater allowance or
drawback^ than the tax actually paid, such person
shall forfeit triple the amount fraudulently claimed
or sought to bo obtained, or the sum of $500, at the
election of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
to be recovered as m other cases oi forieiture.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the words <;on which no internal tax
shall have been paid."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 79. And be it further enacted. That if any per-
son shall sell, or cause or allow to be sold, any goods,
wares, or merchandise liable to any tax, bctoie the
tax thereon shall have been paid, with intent to
evade such tax or any pait thereof, any debt con-
tracted by the sale of any such goods, wares, or mer-
chandise, and any security given therefor, shall be
entirely void, and tho collection thereof shall not be
ejl'i-rced in any court, unless tho same shall have
bee.* bona fide transferred to the hands of an innocent
ho. :er; and if any goods, wares, or merchandise so
sold, shall have been paid for, in whole or in part,
the sum so paid shall be deemed forfeited, and any
person suing for the same in an action of debt, shall
recover of the seller the amount so paid, one half to
his own use and the other half to the use of the
United States.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk
read as follows:
Sec. K"\ -> ad be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty ot every collector and assessor to report to
the {-ominissioncr of Internal Revenue, on the first
day of evciy month, the bonds accepted and ap-
proved by hita during the preceding month, giving
the names oi the principals and each of the sure-
ties, amount of the bond, and for what purpose given ;
also, a list of all bonds m hisofiice, whether accepted
and approved by himself or by his predecessor or
predecessors in office, which have matured and re-
mained unsatisfied. It shall be the duty of every
collector and assessor, and he is hereby requiied,
to transmit, within forty-oight hours after matu-
rity exact copies of all bonds in his office which have
been accepted under this act or any previous act,
and which remain unsatisfied, to the diatnct attor-
ney of the district for prosecution, and he shall at
the same time report to the Commissioner ot Internal
Revenue the fact of such transmission, with a descrip-
tion of each bond so transmuted, iso collector, as-
sessor or other officer shall accept any bond given
under the provisions of this act without indorsing
his approval thereon, aud the day when tho same
was accepted. Any collector or assessor, or ofher
offircr, who shall knowiugly,accept any false, forged,
or fraudulent bond, given in any case m which a
bond is required under any provision of this act, or
w-flo snail accept any such bond, which at tbe time
of such acceptance shall be insufficient and worth-
less, shall forfeit and pay $1,000.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 move to amend by
inserting at the end of the section, the follow-
ing:
And shall, moreover, be liable on his official bond
for any loss which may accrue thereby to the United
States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. £ move to amend the
section in line twenty-four by inserting after
the word "shall" the word li knowingly j" so
that it shall read, "or who shall knowingly
aecept any such bond."
Mr. ALLISON. 1 do not think that amend-
ment should be made. It is the business of
the collector to know whether the bond is
good or bad. That is a part of his duty.
Mr. ROBERTSON. As the section now
reads—
Any collector or assessor, or other officer who shall
knowingly accept any false, forged, or fraudulent
bond, given in any case in which a bond is required
under any provision of this act, or who shall accept
any such bond which at the time of such aecep'anoe
shall be insufficient and worthless, shall foneit aud
pay $1,000.
That, in my opinion, is wrong, and the
amendment I offer obviates the objection.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 81. And be it further eawtcd. That every bond
given or required under the provisions ot this act,
shall have annexed thereto or indorsed thereon an
affidavit of justification of each and every of thesure-
ties thereto, who shall be residents of the county, or
an adjoining county in the same State, or collection
district in which such bond is given, and owners of
re.il estate therein, the title t> watch shall bo duly
recorded; which affidavit shall be in such form and
contain such statements and particulars touching
the business, property, and responsibility of such
surety as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may
prescribe. Such affidavit may be taken before the
collector or any deputy collector, assessor, or any
assistant assessor of the district, or before any United
States officer having power to administer oaths.
Any pcison who shall knowingly make any false
statement in said affidavit shall be deemed guilty of
perjury, and, on conviction, shall be imprisoned for
a term not less than two yeais nor more than five
years. EvcryofIici.il bond required and taken under
the provisions of this act. unless otherwise by law
provided, shall be returned to and preserved in the
office of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. All
bonds given for the carrying on ot business by dis-
tillers, rectifiers, brewers, distillers of oil, manufac-
turers of tobacco, snuff, and cigars, dealers in lottery
tickets, or any other manufactuier or dealer, shall
be preserved in theofficeof the assessorof theproper
district, and shall be by him, forgreater security and
convenient reference, kept in book form and indexed;
and immediately upon the taking of any such bond
the assessor shall forward a copy thereof to theCom-
missioner of Internal Revenue.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
as follows:
Sec. 82. And be it further enacted, That all bonds
required to be given in connection with t.ie trans-
portation, warehousing, and exportation of any arti-
cles to be retained by the collector of internal leve-
nue, accepting them, shall be prepared, bound, and
preserved in book form in the office of said collector,
and the principals and sureties shall sign the bonds
in person at hisofficc; and all oaths and affirmations
in connection therewith shall be administered by tho
collector orhis deputy at saidolBee; and the lorm of
any bond required by this act shall be prescribed by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue with such
conditions as he maydeein ncccssary or expedient m
addition to those prescribed by law. Ail expenses
attending the warehousing, transportation, removal,
marking or branding, and storage of any articles
intended for export shall bo paid by the owners or
exporters of tho same, and be a charge thereon: and
the same fees shall be paid for the execution of all
papers, instruments, and documents relating to rho
exportation of any such articles as are charged to
exporters for like services in the custom-house, and,
in addition thereto, all expenses and services of
officers of the United States attending the tran&ier to
or from warehouse, transportation, lading, and ship-
ment of any such articles, under any provisions of
the internal revenue or cusiom& laws, shall bo paid
by the owner or exporter thereof, to be paid to and
collected by the collector of internal revenue, and by
him to be paid into theTreasury of the united States,
and accounted for like other public moneys. Any
article so exported in bond and reimportcd into tlio
United States shall be deemed to be of foreign pro-
duction, and be iiabie to tbosame duty and tax, and
subjcct to the same provisions of jaw as other ^m-
ilar articles of foreign production imported into the
United States.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
as follows:
Src 83 And be it further enacted, That anypca'son
wUo skali ftisely or fraudulently execute or sign any
