1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
40m Cong....2d
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Delano
Ho. of Reps.
cured by allowing one department to override,
swallow up, and destroy the other.
Bat I am told that a treaty is the supreme
law of the land. The Constitution does not
so read; but it does say, "that all treaties
made" " under the authority of the United
States shall be the supreme law of the land."
I now inquire of this House, and especially
of its members belonging to the legal profes-
sion, under what circumstances are we author-
ized to say that a treaty is made "under the
authority of the United States?" Think of
this for a moment, and think carefully. If the
treaty requires no money, and does not inter-
fere with certain powers expressly conferred
upon the Legislature, such as the power to
regulate commerce, to establish a uniform rule
for naturalization, or the like, then it may be
said that the treaty executes itself; and if it is
not tinctured with fraud, and does not alter
the form of our institutions, it may be said of
it, under such circumstances, that it has been
made "under the authority of the United
States." But, sir, the case before us is very
different. Here is a treaty which stipulates
that $7,200,000 shall be paid for the territory
to be acquired. This money cannot be paid
until it is appropriated, and this House has a
voice, a will, and a judgment in this business;
the treaty does not execute itself, it requires
the sanction of the Legislature, and it is not
made, cannot be completed ' 'under the author-
ity of the United States" until Congress has
appropriated the money. Therefore I con-
clude that such a treaty is inchoate or incom-
plete until it has been approved by this House,
and the money appropriated for its execution.
Uutil this is done the treaty is not the '' supreme
law of the land."
Now, to say that in this act of legislation
under the Constitution this House has no dis-
cretion but is bound, in blind obedience to the
treaty- making power, to appropriate the money,
is to deprive the House of all free, deliberative
will and judgment, and to make the treaty
power a despotic power, which may control,
direct, and coerce this House into a grant of
money, provided always the treaty is without
fraud, and does not change the form of our
Government or in some other manner violate
the Constitution.
Sir, this monstrous doctrine alarms me ; and
I feel it to be a duty to denounce it and to deny
its tyrannical assumptions. 1 am aware, sir,
that this doctrine has been heretofore asserted.
It was claimed during the discussions growing
out of the so-called Jay treaty in 1796, but
was refuted then and condemned by the great
statesmen of that day, and it was overruled
then by the solemn judgment of the House of
Representatives. After a most exhaustive
examination of the subject the House passed
a resolution which concluded in these words:
"And it is the constitutional right and duty of the
House of Representatives in all such cases to delib-
erate on the expediency or inexpediency of carrying
such treaty into effect, and to determine and act
thereon as in their judgment may be most conducive
to the public good."
Sir, here is asserted the right and power
which 1 claim for this House now, the right to
deliberate on the expediency or inexpediency
of carrying into effect this treaty, the right to
determine what in their judgment will be most
conducive to the public good. Is it best for
the welfare of this Government to conclude
this treaty ? Will it promote the happiness
and prosperity of this nation? Will it tend to
perpetuate, or will it tend to overthrow our in-
stitutions ? These are the great and grave ques-
tions for each member of this House to decide
for himself before he votes away $7,200,000
of the people's money under the exisitng con-
dition of the public debt and of our national
finances.
Sir, for myself, I will never rote this appro-
priation until my judgment enables me to say
that I believe this treaty is for tJie public good,
and were I to say that now and here} with my
present information, I should say what I do not
believe to be true.
The reasons given for the passage of the res-
olution of 1796, by the statesmen who voted
for and advocated it, are conclusive and un-
answerable. I do not propose to examine
these reasons at length, nor to refer in detail
to the exhaustive debate which preceded the
adoption of the resolution; but I cannot omit
one or two extracts from the remarks of Mr.
Gallatin, whose clear and comprehensive views
on this as on all other subjects are so remark-
able as to be worthy of repetition. While ad-
vocating the right of the House to call on the
President for information in regard to the
treaty he said:
"H« would therefore state his opinion that the
House had the right to ask for the papers called for,
because their cooperation and sanction were neces-
sary to carry the treaty into fnll effect to render it a
binding instrument, and to make it, properly speak-
ing, a law of the land; because they had a full dis-
cretion either to give or refuse that cooperation; be-
cause they must be guided in the exercise of that
discretion by the merits and cxpedieney of the treaty
itself, and therefore had a right to ask for every in-
formation which could assist them in deciding the
question."
Mr. Gallatin then refers to British prece-
dents, and shows that the Parliament has a con-
trolling power over treaties, and that this con-
trolling power was _ exercised in 1739, in the
case of the treaty between Great Britain and
Spain, and in the treaty of commerde between
France and Great Britain. He then adds:
" It remains to be examined whether we are in a
worse situation than Great Britain; whether the
House of Representatives of the United States, the
substantial and immediate Representatives of the
American people shall be ranked below the British
House of Commons ; whether the legislative power
shall be swallowed up by the treaty-making author-
ity, as contended for here, though never claimed in
Great Britain."
And Mr. Gallatin then concludes:
" If this doctrine is sanctioned, if it is allowed that
treaties may regulate appropriations and repeal ex-
isting laws, and the House by rejecting the present
resolution, declare that they give up all control, all
right to the exercise of discretion, it is tantamount
to saying that they abandon their share in legisla-
tion, and that they consent that the whole- power
should be concentered in other branches. Ho did
not believe such a doctrine could be countenanced
by the House. If gentlemen should insist upon
maintaining this doctrine, should deny the free
agency of the House, and their right to judge of the
expediency of carrying the treaty into effect, the
friends of the independence of the House will be
driven to the necessity to reject this treaty whether
good or bad, to assert the contested right. If the
gentlemen abandon this grouud, then the policy of
the measure could be weighed on fair ground, "and
the treaty carried into effect, if reconcilable to the
interest of the United States."
During the debate in 1706 Mr. Gallatin was
supported by Mr. Livingston, Mr. Madison,
Mr. Murray, Mr. Baldwin, and others, and
finally by the vote of the House itself.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will leave this branch
of the argument by simply referring to the
additional authorities in support of it, which
have been fully collated and are presented in
the minority report in this case, prepared with
great diligence, care, and ability by the hon-
orable member from Minnesota, [Mr. Wash-
burn. ] Here then, sir, I take my stand on the
same solid, constitutional ground upon which
Mr. Gallatin placed himself in 1796. I will
consider the expediency of your treaty, and
weigh fairly the policy of the measure. When
you concede in a tangible and efficient form
the right of this House to a free judgment aad
a deliberative will, while considering and pass-
ing .upon the proposed appropriation. If you
do not concede this right, then I have to say
I will assuredly refuse to vote for the appro-
priation. I will, if I stand alone, maintain
the constitutional rights and the independence
of this House.
I may be asked in what way shall it be con-
ceded that the House has a right to judge of
the policy and utility of the treaty? 1 answer
by a preamble to be attached to the bill j a pre-
amble that shall become part of the measure
of appropriation; a preamble to which the
Senate may agree when it assents to the appro-
priation; a preamble which shall admonish
and notify the treaty-making power and for-
eign nations that treaties which require legis-
lation before they are executed are incomplete
and inchoate until such legislation is granted;
and that this House when called upon for such
legislation is not a blind tool and instrument
of the treaty-making power, but is a delibera-
tive body, having a discretion to give or with-
hold the required appropriation.
Mr. Chairman, the House having adopted tie
resolution of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Loughridge] has substantially affirmed its
right to judge and deliberate for itself when
called upon to appropriate money for the exe-
cution of treaties; and having thus asserted
itself, I admit that a very great objection to
the bill as originally introduced has, in my
opinion, been removed.
Having claimed this right it becomes our
duty to exercise it, and thus we are brought to
the consideration of the following question:
Is it better for the welfare of this nation now,
and hereafter, considering all the circum-
stances, that this treaty with Russia which
the Executive has commenced shall be com-
pleted and executed ? This question involves
a wide range of thought, and leads to many
reflections which time, or rather the want of
time, must exclude on this occasion.
I recognize the desire, nay, the passion of
the American people for the acquisition of ter-
ritory. Being so universal and so powerful, it
is dangerous to oppose it, and hence poli-
ticians and ambitious men not only yield to
it, but inflame it, because it gives them a day
or an hour of favor with the people. Wisdom,
and judgment see in this constant expansion
of territory that we are laying the foundation
for discord if not for disruption. We are
bringing under one government diversified and
conflicting interests—unhomogeneous and dis-
similar peoples—and above all, we are at too
early a day, I fear, subjecting our institutions
to the test as to their capacity and adaptation
for the control of such conflicting elements.
There are in this Government, I think, two
great forces which threaten to bring evil in
their train—one is the force resulting from the
desire for acquisition, the other is the force of
patronage. These act and react upon each
other. The acquisition of territory increases
the power of patronage, and the power and
influence of patronage aids and accelerates
acquisition and expansion. Sincerely believ-
ing that these forces seriously threaten oar
future destiny, and that it is wiser to hold them
in check than to stimulate them into increased
vigor, I cannot do justice to my Own convic-
tions unless I seek to restrain the passion for
acquisition. Let us develop what we now own.
Our possessions are vast and our resources
inexhaustible. Money, mind, muscle, and
time are necessary to realize the greatness of
our present empire. While engaged in this
work we may be able to limit the power of
patronage, so that it shall not boast of its ability
to control every branch and department of the
Government. Let us exhibit to the world the
utility of our institutions by the justice and
purity of their working ; and then, when time
shall have made us strong and exhibited the
necessity of expansion, our descendants, if
need be, may enlarge our boundaries. 1 would
rather see this than to see posterity engaged
in the work of dividing and separating into
distinct and different governments, au over-
grown, unwieldy, and discordant empire, has-
tened too early to the zenith of its glory by the
unwise philosophy of yielding to the cupidity,
ambition, or passion of the hour.
We are reminded, however, that we must
execute this treaty or justify Russia in making
war upon us, and the.history of our relations
with I ranee, growing out of the treaty of J uly
4, 1881, is referred to as authority for this
assertion. There is no analogy between the
cases, and I cannot see why the chairman of
