1868.
Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLQB&
sea
means this is a race between two "grabs" *s
to who shall have it?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I only say the peo-
ple of Iowa want a road constructed on the
original line. It is necessary to the develop-
ment of that part of the country. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, represents, no
doubt, some of the gentlemen who have de-
rived more pecuniary benefit directly from
these western land grants than the people of
Iowa have, for they were all given to our east-
ern friends who came to build our roads for us.
Had it not been for this grant the State of
Iowa, when the rebellion commenced, would
not have marshaled eighty thousand men to
fight for the Republic. It would have been
an undeveloped wilderness.
Mr. DAW ES. I will say to the gentleman
that I represent a constituency that has built
more miles of railroad in Iowa than it has
itself, without a dollar from the public Treas-
ury or an acre of public land, and with a con-
stituency whose soil is made up of rocks and
mountains.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Ah, Mr. Speaker,
if the gentleman from Massachusetts will only
inform himself on that subject he will find that
all these broad acres appropriated for the benefit
of internal improvements in the State of Iowa
have been turned over to such gentlemen as he
speaks of. They have furnished the money
and we have given them the land.
Mr. DAWES. They do not complain.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Nor do we com-
plain of them. We are obliged to them for
coming in and helping us. Now, sir, as to the
grant to the Dubuque and Sioux City Com-
pany, it was nominally about one million five
hundred thousand acres. They will get about
one million one hundred thousand.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 have the
official figures here .showing the exact amounts.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The original grant
to the Burlington and Missouri River Com-
pany would have given them an equal number
of acres if the Government had not disposed
of much of the land before. But under the
original grant to that company they got two
hundred and eighty-seven thousand acres,
which was increased afterward to some four
or five hundred thousand acres.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is very
easily settled what the number of acres was.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. What is the num-
ber?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will read
from the letter of the commissioner.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Just give the num-
ber.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The com-
missioner certifies that the number of acres is
one million two hundred and seventy-six thou-
sand one hundred and sixty-three and eighty-
nine hundredths, to be correct to a fraction.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That is the grant
to the Dubuque and Sioux City Railroad Com-
pany. Now, the other grants would have been
equally large if the Government had had the
lands to grant; but along the lines of these
other roads the Government had sold them, so
that under the original grant the Burlington
and Missouri River Railroad Company got only
two hundred and eighty-seven thousand, the
Mississippi and Missouri Railroad Company
four hundred and seventy-four thousand, and
the Cedar Rapids Company seven hundred and
seventy-five thousand, so that the grants look
much greater on paper than when you come to
ascertain the aetual number of acres they got.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not know what the
object of the _ gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washbijrne] is in bringing the Illinois Cen-
tral Railroad Company into this discussion. I
know they are not to build this road. It is to
be built by an Iowa company, and I hope this
House will not be frightened by the noise the
gentleman has made over this subject into a
refusal to extend this time. That is all there
is of it. We are taking nothing from the reve-
nue of the Government, nothing from its assets,
because the grant is already made and the time
has not, expired; therefore the land has not
reverted to the Government.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. When does
it expire?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It expires within
a year.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Next May.
- Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Very well; that is
within a year. Now, it is merely an extension
of time that is asked to enable the company to
complete the work. The gentleman from Illi-
nois must know, as every one knows, that
during the war it was with very great difficulty
that these improvements could be carried on
properly. Give us this road and the State will
go on and prosper. We now number about a
million in population, and we want to develop
these prairies that we may not only enrich our
own people, but add to the assessable property
for the benefit of the entire Government. We
are strengthening the revenues of the Govern-
ment by opening new channels in the resources
of the country whence those revenues are
derived.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOPKINS. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Price.]
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, when this bill
was reported I did not intend to say one word
in reference to it. I considered it so plain a
case that I did not suppose discussion could
arise on the bill. But Imust acknowledge, if
I had come into tho House and known nothing
of the matter except what I have heard here
from the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
bubne,] 1 should have supposed there was
some gigantic swindle in the proposition before
the House.
Now, sir, the whole story can be told plainly
in a moment. The Congress of the United
States granted to the State of Iowa certain
lands for the construction of certain roads.
The grant was made in 1856 to extend to 1866.
These roads have not been completed, and the
State—not the company but the State—asks an
extension of time. The question that comes
up in the mind of every gentleman who has
thought about the matter is, why do they ask
this extension ? Why were the roads not built
within the specified time ? The answer is a
very simple one. In 1801 war was upon this
land, and in the State of Iowa the men left to
go into the ranks of the loyal Army to fight
the rebellion, and the women of that country
had to plant the corn and to gather it, and they
could not do that and build this railroad also.
For that reason and for no other reason these
roads were not built, and this road among
others. The time for building these land-grant
railroads has been extended in every case that
has come before this House until now, and it
will be extended now in this case. The com-
mon sense and common honesty of the House
will see at a glance that there is only one way
to do this thing. Why, sir, to hear the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] whose
honesty and integrity I do not doubt for a mo-
ment—to hear him, without knowing the facts,
one would suppose there was money in this bill,
there was blood in this bill, and everything
else in it, lands included. There is not a dol-
lar of money, a drop of blood, or an acre of
land in it; not an acre. It simply extends the
time that the State of Iowa may have to have
this road built by some company. It grants it
to no company.
There is one more fact which onght to settle
this question, if no other does. Honest labor-
ing men have gone out into that wild prairie—
and I may say to the gentleman from Illinois
that land there has been sold for ten cents an
acre for taxes, and nobody would redeem it—
men have gone out there and paid $2 50 an
acre for land in the sections reserved to the
Government under this grant, and are living
upon it and improving it, expecting this road
to be built. Suppose yon refuse to extend the
time and the road cannot be built, are you not
interfering with the rights of those men, their
vested rights ?
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois. Will my
friend tell me 
Mr. PRICE. I cannot yield when I have
only five minutes.
Mr. WASHBUHNE, of Illinois. I want him
to explain one important feature in this bill.
Mr. PRICE. I will yield cheerfully if it is
not taken out of my time.
The SPEAKER. That depends on the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Hopkins.] Does
the gentleman from Wisconsin object to an ex-
tension of the time of the gentleman from Iowa ?
Mr. HOPKINS. No, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want
the gentleman to explain that part of the bill
which provides that where lands are taken up
for homesteads, the railroad company or the
State for whose benefit the railroad is to be
made shall be permitted to go anywhere within
thirty miles and take the very eyes of the land,
its prairies, and groves, and springs.
Mr. PRICE. Let me correct my friend right
there. One object of this bill, and the only
object except the granting of the extension of
time, is to restrict the company so that they
shall not travel away from the line for lands.
That is one of the righteous features of the
bill, and I do not think it could be tortured
into meaning what the gentleman alleges by
any ingenuity that had not been schooled un-
derthe immediate shadow and direction of the
Illinois Central railroad. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman read the bill? There is a dispute
between us. Will he have that provision of
the bill read?
Mr. PRICE. I have looked at the bill. It
restricts the,company from running further
south for their lands than a certain point. It
keeps the company near to the lands selected
under the original grant. Why, Mr. Speaker,
these lands, which, as I have already said, have
been taken up by settlers at $2 50 an acre,
solely and entirely because this land grant has
been made to this railroad company—this land
could not have been sold by tne Government
at more than a dollar and a quarter an acre, if
it could be sold for that amount. Now, these
settlers have bought this land with the expect-
ation that this road should be built there. Now,
shall there be any railroad built there?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I would ask my
colleague [Mr. Price] if he does not know
that thousands of men have bought land for
$2 50 an acre along the line of this road, set-
tled upon those lands and improved them,
with the expectation that this road would be
constructed ?
Mr. PRICE. That is the very point I hare
been trying to make, and we now ask an ex-
tension of lime for the building of this road.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOPKINS. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Julian] for five min-
utes.
Mr. JULIAN. I do not desire so much as
even five minutes for the purpose of discussing
this bill. I wish merely to remind the House
of what must be quite apparent to it already,
that nothing is so easy as general declamation.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne]
illustrates this fact every day of his. congres-
sional life.
He talks about "a stupendous scheme of
public plunder." Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man certainly draws upon his imagination, and
forgets the courtesy due to his fellow-members
and to the standing committees of this body.
Why, sir, the Committee on Public Lands,
which unanimously reported this bill, is quite
as innocent of any scheme of public plunder
as even the gentleman from Illinois himself.
In proof of this I am willing to appeal to the
records of Congress.
As a committee I believe they have gene-
rally united with him in resisting extravagant
and improper appropriations of the public
domain, though certainly with a less ostenta-
tious parade of their virtue and of their love
of economy. Yet he now makes war upoa
the very instrumentality which has stood here
