670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
January 16,
as a guard over the lands of the United States.
Cannot the gentleman discriminate between a
scheme of public plunder and honest legisla-
tion ?
Sir, this bill does not provide for the grant
of an acre of land or the appropriation of a
dollar of money. It simply provides for the
extension of a land grant for four years under
n guarantee that the company shall build forty
miles of road per year, and that on failure to
do so the land shall revert back to the Uni-
ted States. I submit, sir, that nothing could
be more manifestly reasonable and proper or
more entirely within the precedents of our
legislation here on the subject involved. And
I am surprised that the gentleman from Illi-
nois should have given vent to such language
as he has employed, and for which there is
neither reason nor apologv.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
that ?
Mr. JULIAN. I decline to yield to the gen-
tleman. He evidently believes in much speak-
ing, and I have discovered that he speaks quite
as well upou one proposition as upon another,
and upon the wrong side as upon the right side.
He pours out about the same amount of patri-
otic fervor upon every question that arises in
this House, interfering on all occasions with
all legislative movements here, whether advo-
cated by one man or by another, and whether
they are right or wrong. I believe I define his
position correctly, and I thought it proper to
say this much by way of compliment to the
distinguished gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I accept
the compliment.
Mr. HOPKINS resumed the floor.
Mr. PETERS. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether this report comes unanimously
from the Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. HOPKINS. It does.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the reading of the report.
The SPEAKER. The rules do not require
that a committee shall make a written report in
each case; that is sometimes done, and some-
times it is not done. The Committee on Com-
merce often report bills without their being
accompanied by written reports.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
that in a matter involving more than a million
dollars there would be a written report upon
the files of the House.
The SPEAKER. There appears to be none
in this case.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Will the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Hopkins] allow me to offer an
amendment, which I think will make the bill
less objectionable and more satisfactory?
The SPEAKER. The House is now acting
under the operation of the previous question.
No amendment can be entertained except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object.
Mr. HOPKINS resumed the floor.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a few moments?
Mr. HOPKINS. Certainly.
Mr. PETERS. I understand that this bill
was reported unanimously from the Committee
on Public Lands. The question involved, as I
understand it, is a question of fact. I hear one
statement from one gentleman and another
statement from another gentleman. Now, the
bill having been reported to this House by a
unanimous committee, I see no other safe and
judicious course for the House to take than to
follow the indorsement of its standing com-
mittee; because the matters stated by the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] are
flatly contradicted by the whole committee,
who have taken time to look into the details of
this measure, and who have unanimously made
their decision upon this question.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I should like to know what fact that f stated
has been contradicted? No fact that I stated
«an be contradicted.
Mr. JULIAN. All the supposed facts of
the gentleman have been contradicted. His
facts are not facts.
Mr. PETERS. Yes, sir; every statement
of fact made by the gentleman from Illinois has
been flatly contradicted by other gentlemen.
Mr. HOPKINS. Mr. Speaker, how much
time have I remaining?
The SPEAKER. Four minutes.
Mr. HOPKINS. Mr. Speaker, I do not
care to consume the little time I have by any
attempted defense of railroad corporations;
and therefore I shall not reply to that portion
of the speech of the gentleman from Illinois,
wherein he has sought to throw odium upon
the Illinois Central Railroad Company. That
is a matter which concerns him, not me. I
know that that company is rich and powerful ;
I know it is a great corporation ; I know it is
charged with being oppressive in its dealings
with the people. But, nevertheless, I will say
in behalf of the Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany that it has assisted largely in developing
the resources of the State of Illinois, and has
enriched the people there to an almost incal-
culable extent.
One word in regard to the connection of this
company with the Dubuque and Sioux City
Railroad Company. I understand, perhaps,
the way in which the gentleman from Illinois
has wrung in upon this bill his remarks on
the Illinois Central Railroad Company. That
company is rich. It has a road running to Ga-
lena. It may be that it loaned its credit to the
Dubuque and Sioux City Railroad Company
to enable the latter to obtain iron, &c., to build
its road. But the road is not owned by the
Illinois Central Railroad Company. This land
is the security for the loan; but the road has
not been placed in the hands of the Illinois
Central Railroad Company, and the gentleman
knows it full well. For my own part I do not
care, and I believe the citizens of Iowa who
are to be benefited by this road do not care,
who builds the road. They want the road
built in order to develop the resources of their
section of the country and afford a market for
their products.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. With the con-
sent of the gentleman I would like to add a
word to what he has just said. I understand
that the Illinois Central Railroad Company
under its charter has no power to build a rod
of road in the State of Iowa.
Mr. HOPKINS. I was saying that I do not
believe the people care, provided this road be
built, whether the money be furnished by the
rich corporation known as the Illinois Central
Railroad Company or whether the means come
from some other source. Their great object
is to get a road. The gentleman from Illinois
knows very well that while his State is check-
ered over with railroads, intersecting each other
like the lines upon a checker-board, (the great-
est of those roads having been built by the mu-
nificent aid of the Government of the United
States,) Iowa, Minnesota, and the surround-
ing States do not enjoy similar advantages.
They ask aid in securing the railroad facilities
which they need; and when the State of Illi-
nois has received more benefit from the Govern-
mentof the United States in the form of grants
of public land than any of the surrounding
States, it comes with very poor grace from the
gentleman from Illinois to oppose an extension
of time to a road in one of these other States,
when he knows, as every other man knows,
that during four years of the time heretofore
granted to this company it has been unable to
proceed with the work because of the exist-
ence of a gteat war, which was absorbing in
its operations the labor and capital of the
country.
Mr. Speaker, what we want in the West is
these works of internal improvement; and this
is a matter that interests not us alone. I say
to gentlemen representing eastern constituen-
cies, "You are interested in developing the
vast resources of the great West. You want
increased facilities for transportation, and you
cannot better secure these than by giving us
aid in the form of grants of land to help us
carry out these great projects." I know that,
as the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] has said, the eastern men have gen-
erally been generous toward us in the West.
I am glad to acknowledge it here and else-
where. The only opposition in this House to
these beneficent measures comes from the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
burne.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The question is on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the bill be laid on the table ; and on that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
j The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 33, nays 104, not voting
51; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Baker, Broomall, Chanler, Cobb,
Dawes, Ela, Fox, Geti, Goliad ay, Grover, Haight,
! Holman, Hulburd, Johnson, William Lawroncc. Mc-
Carthy, Moorhead, Mulling, Pike, Plants, Poisley,
( Randall, Scofield, Selye, Spalding, Taylor, Lawrence
S. Trimble, Van Trump. Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwala-
der C. W ashburn, Elihu B. W ash burne, and W ood—33.
| NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Archor, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baldwin,
Banks, Barnum, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bing-
ham, Blair, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks,
Buckland,Burr,Butler, Cako, Cary, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarko, Sidney Clarke, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
] Driggs, Eggleston. Eldridge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fer-
riss. Gravely, Harding, Hawkins, Higby, Hill, Hooper,
I Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Ju-
lian, Kclsey, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Lincoln, Loan,
Loughridge, Mallory, Marvin, McClurg, McCormick,
Mereur, Miller, Morrissey. Mungen. Myers, New-
comb, Niblnck, Nicholson, Niirin.O'Neill.Orth, Paine,
Perham, Peters, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn,
Kaum, Robinson, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck. Smith,
Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Taber, Thomas,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Robert
. T. VanHorn, WilliamB. Washburn, Welker,Thomas
Williams, William Williams, James F. Wilson, John
i T. Wilson. Stephen F. Wilson, and Windotn—104.
! NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Arnell,
1 Barnes,Beck. Blaine, Coburn, Cook,Cornell,Covode,
i Cullom, Ecklcy, Ferry, Fields, Finney, Garfield,
Glossbrenner, Griswold, Halsey, Richard D. Hub-
i bard, Hunter, J nes, Kolley, Kerr. Ketcham, Knott,
George V. Lawrence. Logan, Lynch, Marshall, May-
nard, McCullough, Moore, Morgan, Morrell, Phelps,
Pile, Robertson, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, Taffe, John
Trimble. Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Henry D.
Washburn, Woodbridge, and Woodward—41.
So the House refused t« lay the bill on the
table.
During the vote,
The SPEAKER stated that Mr. Cook, absent
on account of sickness in his family, asked
leave of absence indefinitely; Messrs. Hun-
ter, Coburn, and Shanks leave of absence
for to-day, and Mr. Lynch for two weeks.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The question recurred on the amendments of
the Committee on Public Lands.
First amendment:
On page 2, line eighteen strike out
insert "forty."
'fifty" and
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
71, noes 11; no quorum voting.
The Speaker ordered tellers; and appointed
Mr. Hopkins and Mr. Washburne of Illinois.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 81, noes 19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
On page 3, line three, section three, strike out
' fifty and insert "forty."
The House divided; and there were—ayes
75. noes 17 ; no quorum voting.
The Speaker ordered tellers; and appointed
Mr. Julian and Mr. Broomall.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 77, noes 19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
73, noes 11; no quorum voting.
The Speaker ordered tellers ; and appointed
Mr. Hubbaud of Iowa, and Mr. Randall.
