fsfea'1
oiobb:
671
The House divided j and the tfelleri.'report-
ed—ayes 80, noes 15.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want the'
engrossed bill read.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 106, hays 27, not vot- ,
ing 55 j as follows : _ |
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Aretacr, Delos R. i
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baldwin;
Banks Barnes, liarnum, Uearnan, Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Blair, Bromwell, lluekland, Burr, Butler. Cake,
Cary, Chanter, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Callom,
Dixon;Dodge,Donnelly, Drijfs, Eldridico, Eliot, Fer-
ri*s, Fox, Garfield, Gollnday, Gravely, Grovcr, llard-
ing, Hawkins, Uigby, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Hotch-
kiss, Asahcl AV. Hubbard, Humphrey, Inccrsoll,
Jenekes, Johnson, Judd, Julian, Kitchen, Koontx,
Laflin, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Mai lory,
Marvin, McClurg. McConnick, Morcur, Milter, Mor-
rissey, Mungen. Myers, Nowcomb, Niblack, Nichol-
son, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perharn, Peters,
Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Prayn, Raum, Ron,
Sawyer, Schonck, Smith. Stewart, Stokes. Taber,
Thomas, Trowbridge,Twichell-Upson, Van Acrnam,
Van Auken, Burt van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams,
William Williams, JamesF. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—106.
RAYS—Messrs. Baker, Boutwell, Boyer, Broomall,
Cobb.D&was, Ela, Ferry, (xetz, Haight, Holruan.Hul-
burd, William Lawrence, Maynard, McCarthy, Moor-
head. Mulling, Randall, Seofield, Selyo, Sitgreaves,
Taylor, Lawrence 8. Trimble, Van Trump, Ward,
Slihu B. Wiishburne, and Wood—27.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Arnell,
Beck, Benton, Blaine, Brooks, Sidney Clarke, Coburn,
Cook, Cornell, Covode, Eekley, Eggleston, Farng-
worth. Fields. Finney, ulossbrenner, Griswold, Hal-
sey, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard I>. Hubbard,,
Hunter, J ones, Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott,
George V. Lawrence. Lynch. Marshall, MeCulloagh,
Mor>re.Morgan, Morrell. Phelps. Pike. Pile, Poland,
Robertson, Robinson,. ShankjL Shellabarger, Spald-
ing, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stortc, Taffe, John Trimble. Van Wyck,
Cadwalader C. Washbarn, Henry D. Washburn, and
Woodward—55.
So the House ordered the hill to be en-
grossed and read third time.
During the roll-call,
Mr. THIMBLE, of Kentucky, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Jones, was detained from his
seat by sickness in his family.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed;
and- demanded the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the. negative—yeas 27, nays 92, not voting
69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Broomall. Cobb. Dawes,
Fox, Gets, Haijjht, Qolman. Kelsey, Mullins, Orth,
Paine, Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Sehenek, Seofield,
Si tgreaves. Taylor. LawrenceS. Trimble. Trowbridge,
Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washbarn, Elihu
B. Washburae, William B. Washburn. Thomas Wil-
liams, and Wood—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin. Beam an, Benja-
min,Bromwell. Brooks, Auckland, Burr, Cake, Cary,
Cbanler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eldridge, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Ferriss, Gravely. Oris wold, Grover, Harding, Higby,
Hill, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Asahcl W. Hubbard, Hnl-
burd, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Judd,
Julian, Ketchsm, Kitchen, Koonts, Laflin, William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Mal-
lory, Marvin, McCormick, Mercur, Miller, Moore,
Morrissey. Mungen, Myers, Newcomb, Niblack, Nich-
olson, O'Neill, Peters. Poland, Priee, Raum, Robert-
son, Robinson. Ross, Sawyer, Smith, Spalding, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stone. Taber, Thomas,
Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Welker, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson,Stephen F. Wil-
indc«n. and Woodbridge—92
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer,
Arnell, Axtell, Banks, Barnes, Barnaul, Beck, Ben-
ton, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell. Bayer, Butler,
Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode. Cullom, Dixon, Eek-
ley. Eggleston, Ela, Ferry. Fields, Finney, Garfield,
Glossbrenner, Golladay, Halsey, Hawkins, Hooper,
Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hunter,
Jones, Kelley, Kerr, Knott, George V. Lawrence,
Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, McCarthy,McClurg, Mc-
Cullough, Moorhead, Morgan, Morrell, Nunn, Per-
harn. Phelps, Pike, Pile, Pruyn, Randall, Selye,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Starkweather. Aaron F. Ste-
vens, Taffe, John Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Henry D. Washburn, and Woodward—69.
So the motion to reconsider did not prevail.
The bill was then read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the reading of the engrossed bill.
The Clerk read the efigrtfssed bilf.
Mr. JULIAN. I demand thfe previous (jiies-
tlfen on the passage of the hill.
Oh seconding the previous (jpestr6n there
were—ayes 67, noes 18: no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Kelsey and Ross.
The House divided; and the .tellers re-
ported—ayes 82, noes 18.
So the previous question was setSondedj And
the main question was ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.' I demand
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The veas and nays were refused.
The trill was then passed—ayes 88, noeS 15.
Mr. HOPKINS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
move to lav the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to—ayes 88,
noes 7.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
SORYEY OF LANDS.
, The SPEAKER laid before the Hoqse a
communication from the Secretary of .the In-
terior, transmitting a letter from the Commis-
siouerof Indian Affair* submitting estimates
of appropriations required for surveying cer-
tain lands for the benefitof the Cheyennes and
Arapahoes under treaty stipulation; which {
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations. ■
' DELEGATION OF OflAOIK rNDIANS.
The fJPEAKER also laid before the House
a Communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting estimates of appropria-
tions to defray the expenses of a delegation
of the Great and Little Osage Indians to
Washington—>$2,500; which was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the. Committee on
Appropriations.
FORFKITUIUS OF LAND GRANTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a report from the Quartermaster
General relative to the forfeiture to the United
States of all lands granted try Congress in
1856 to the States of Mississippi, Alabama,
Louisianaj and Arkansas for railroad purposes.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that it be printed
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to amend by refer-
ring it to the Committee on Public Lands,
which has that question specifically before it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no objection to
referring it to that committee.
The communication was accordingly ordered
'to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
PROPERTY SEIZED IN LOUISIANA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with resolutions
of the House of February 21 and March 8,
1867, a report in reference to property seized
or taken possession of by the Government in
the State of Louisiana.
Mr. GARFIELD moved that the communi-
cation be referred to the Committee mi the
Judiciary, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
TAX OPr COTTON.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the resolutions of the constitutional convention
of Georgia in regard to the cotton tax; which
were referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
CONTRACTION OF THE CURRENCY.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the House to take
from the Speaker's table the bill, (H. R. No.
213,) the anti-contraction bill, which has been
returned from the Senate with an amendment,
that it may be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, giving ns an opportunity to
report it back to-morrow.
There was no objection; and it was Ordered'
accordingly.
DEPOSITS OP PUBLIC MONEYS.
Mr. RANDALL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 450) 'to regulate
deposits of the public moneys; which was read
a- first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency.
Proposed new territory:
Mr..ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask i^nanimous
consent to present the memorial of General
Casement, Delegate-elect from the proposed
Territory of Wyoming, and also the memorial
of the people of that part of Dakota Terri-
tory lying, west of the one hundred and fortieth
degree of latitude, asking for the establishment
of said new Territory; and I also ask leave to
introduce a bill to organize the Territory, of
Wyoming. „
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
I object to any more Territories.
RECONSTRUCTION.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 439) additional and sup-
plementary to an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the more efficient government of the
rebel States," passed March 2, 1867, and the
acts supplementary thereto ; upon which Mr.
Paine was entitled to the floor.
Mr. PAINE. I yield twenty minutes of my
time to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Euot.J
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I think that it
must be grateful to the House after the work
upon which we have been engaged for the last
hour, and that it must relieve especially the
faithftil officers of the House who have had our
names upon their lips so many tirtieS'during
that period, that we proceed now to eonsider
the important bill which has been presented to
the House by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,] upon which, sjr, by the courtesy
of my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] I
propose to occupy the attention of the House
for a few minutes. I shall state, briefly as I
may, the reasons which will influence my vote
in favor of the bill.
Mr. Speaker, I can entertain no doubt what-
ever as to the full, incontrovertible power of
this Congress under the Constitution to legis-
late in the line of this bill or to pass into law
the provisions of the bill as it comes to us from
the Committee on Reconstruction. I do not
propose, in the very brief time that I shall
speak, to enter neon the discussion of the
abstract question of constitutional power.
This bill and all similar bills are outside this
line of ordinary laws, and they must find their
defense upoti two grounds: first, upon the
rights which rebellion, civil war, and military
defeat of these rebel States have conferred.
Now, in regard to that, I know very well that
there are differences of opinion which go back
to the very beginning of the war. I have upon
my table a letter received last evening from a
gentleman in Louisiana, one of the best, truest,
and most loyal men in that State, loyal at heart,
although differing from me as many of them
are and do, who believes that this civil war
which has just now been brought to a partial
close—a close so far as the fight upon the field
is concerned—was nothing from its inception
but an immense organized riot; and that the
same principles are applicable, and have been
applicable all through, which would have been
applicable in the case of a riot in a city, or in
a county, which was successfully subdued by
the military arm of the State. Looking from
that stand-point at this civil war, I can easily
understand how it is that gentlemen, honest
enough it may be, question the legality of bills
similar to the one now under discussion. But
that question has been settled over and over
again on the floor of Congress. It has been
settled more than once in the Supreme'Court
of the United States.
This rebellion, organized by slave States,
against the Government of the United States
was not a "riot," nor was there any time since
