1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GKLQBE.
The bill was read at length. The preamble
states that the form of government of several
of the States of the Union is not republican in
this particular: that by the constitutions and
laws of such States political rights are made
to depend upon parentage and race, and are
hereditary in certain families, to tlie exclusion
of others equally citizens of the United States;
and that it is the constitutional duty of the
United States to guaranty to every State a
republican form of government.
The first section provides that all provisions
and enactments in State constitutions and laws
which make distinctions in political or civil
rights among citizens of the United States, or
deny such rights to any such citizens on ac-
count of parentage, race, lineage, or color, are,
and are hereby declared to be, void and of no
effect.
The second section provides that if any per-
son shall prevent any qualified citizen of the
United States from exercising the right of suf-
frage at any election in any State, under the
pretense that such citizen is disqualified by the
constitution and laws of suchStateon account
of his parentage, race, lineage, or color, such
person shall be deemed guilty of misdemeanor,
and, on conviction thereof in theproper court,
shall be sentenced to pay a fine not exceeding
$5,000, or to undergo imprisonment not ex-
ceeding five years, or both, at the discretion of
the court.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the motion to reconsider, upon which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broomall]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, the fourth
section of the fourth article of the national
Constitution reads thus:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in tliis Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect caoh of them against invasion, and,
on application of the Legislature, or of the Execu-
tive, when the Legislature cannot be convened,
against domestic violence."
These duties are imposed upon the United
States in teuns the most imperative with which
our language is endowed. It is no mere grant
of power, no mere submission to discretion or
judgment, but a positive command, "the
United States shall guaranty." However
willing the public officers upon whom duties
are imposed by this section may be to avoid
the responsibility or the labor of performing
them, they can only do so by an utter disregard
of their official oaths. All such officers have
sworn that they will guaranty a republican
form of government to the States respectively,
will protect them against invasion, and, on
the proper application, against domestic vio
lence. It is incumbent, therefore, upon every
such officer, whether legislative, executive, or
judicial, to inquire conscientiously what duties
are imposed upon him in the premises^ and to
perform such as are with the consciousness
that he is responsible to his Maker and to his
fellow-men for their performance.
In the minds of the framers of the Constitu-
tion three distinct evils threatened the States :
first, the destruction of the republican features
of their governments by the people themselves
peaceably and according to the forms of law ;
second, foreign invasion; and third, domestic
violence. The last was required to be guarded
against and averted only upon the call of the
States themselves. Only upon the application
of the proper State authorities could the United
States be either required or permitted to pro-
tecttheState against the illegal and violentacts
of its own citizens. For the first and second
of the apprehended evils, on the other hand,
the appropriate remedy is enjoined upon the
national Government without the action and
even against the consent of the States them-
,selves.
It was foreseen that a State might invite
foreign invasion as a means of aiding rebellion
or with the intention of transferring her alle-
giance to some other Power. Hence it was
necessary not only not to require the United
States to await her call for aid, but to enjoin
positive action even in disregard of her wishes
and against her remonstrance. In like man-
ner it was foreseen that if the people of any
State should establish monarchy or adopt any
other anti-republican system or principle under
the regular forms of law, and by the consent
and suffrages of a majority of the citizens, it
would be idle to await or expect the call of the
State authorities. In this case also the proper
remedial action was required of the United
States without the application and against the
will of the State. It was intended that no
other than a republican form of government
should be established in any State even with
the consent and by the desire of all its citizens.
Every citizen of the United States, wherever
located, was supposed to be interested in the
form of government of every State ; and, if the
republican principle should be violated in any
of them, was empowered to call upon the Gov-
ernment for the guarantee.
The history of this provision, as contained
in the Madison Papers, shows that the framers
of the Constitution intended, what the lan-
guage unmistakably expresses, to impose upon
the United States the duty of compelling every
State to maintain a republican form of gov-
ernment. It was originally proposed by Mr.
Randolph in these words:
"That a republican government and tho territory
of each State, except in tho instance of a voluntary
junction of government and territory, ought to bo
guarantied by the United States to each State."
This was amended upon the motion of Mr.
Madison to read thus:
"That a republican constitution and its existing
laws ought to be guarantied to oach State by tlio
United States."
In commenting upon it Mr. Randolph said:
"Theresolution has two objects: first, to secure a
republican government; second, to suppress domestic
commotions."
He urged the necessity of both these provis-
ions. Mr. Madison afterward offered as a sub-
stitute the following:
" That tho constitutional authority of the States
sha.ll be guarantied to them respectively against
domestic as well as foreign violence."
To which Mr. Randolph moved to add:
"And that no State be at liberty to form any other
than a republican government."
Mr. Madison accepted this, and Mr. Wilson
then moved, as a better expression of the idea,
the following:
"That a republican form of government shall bo
guarantied to each State, and that each State shall
be protected against foreign and domestic violence."
This was assented to by Messrs. Madison
and Randolph and adopted by the Convention.
At a subsequent period it was amended and
made to read as we now find it in the Consti-
tution.
It is evident from this that the provision was
inserted upon full consideration and with the
intention of giving tho United States both the
power and the duty of forcing by some civil
process republican governments in the States.
The bill now before the House is proposed
to be enacted under this constitutional provis-
ion. My remarks, therefore, will be mainly
limited to the powers granted arid the duties
imposed by it upon the national Government
and its several departments.
The first question which naturally suggests
itself is who shall judge of the necessity for ac-
tion? What branch of the Government shall
decide whether or not a given form of State
government is republican? Before answering
this question I propose to address myself to an-
other equally important, though apparently
standing second in the regular order. That is.
what branch of the Government shall fulfill the
guarantee ? The answer to this question may
throw light upon the former, for obviously tho
party called upon to act may be the judge of
the necessity for action.
Now, the Constitution cannot execute itself.
Without something else it is but a dead letter.
It has no remedial features. The judiciary
may expound it, but in the absence of duly
enacted laws the judiciary can do nothing
more. Without remedial law a decision of
the Supreme Court that a given State govern-
ment is not republican in form would have no
more efficacy in righting the wrong than would
the solemn enunciation of some grand scientific
truth.
Besides,this, in the absence of law it is diffi
cult to see how such a question qould g«t
before the courts of the United States. A
citizen of a State disfranchised by its laws
cannot sne the officers of the election in those
courts ; and a citizen of another State has no
cause of action against them because the ob-
noxious laws do not operate upon him. It is
plain, therefore, that the remedy is not, in the
first instance, with the judiciary.
The same difficulty would stand in the way
of the Executive. His province is to cause the
laws to be executed and obeyed. He cannot
execute a mere constitutional provision except
where the Constitution imposes that duty upon
him expressly, as in the case of making treaties
and nominating officers for ratification by t';9
Senate. However far from republican the form
of a State government maybe, without law the
executive, like the judiciary, would be utterly
powerless to afford the relief. It follows,
therefore, that the remedy in the first instance
is in the legislative department.
I return now to the former question, what
tribunal shall say whether or not a State gov-
ernment is republican in form? This is now
readily answered. The remedy being legisla-
tion, Congress, the sole and final judge of the
necessity of its own action, can alone decide
this question, and its decision binds all other
parts of the Government.
Having ascertained the remedy and by what
department of the Government it shall be
applied, the next question which arises is:
how shall Congress in any given case by legis-
lation guarantee to a State a republican form
of government? Suppose a State by the regu-
lar jirocess prescribed in its constitution should
establish a monarchy. How shall Congress
apply the remedy? Not, certainly, by declaring
war against it. No civil government provides
that remedy for internal evils. Physical force
is only contemplated to be used for the enforce-
ment of law, and in this case, thus far, there is
no law.
Congress might refuse to admit Senators and
Representatives from the State, but this would
avail nothing if the State should be satisfied
without representation. It would in fact be no *
remedy for the evil, though it might possibly
afford an inducement to the State to correct
the evil itself. It would ccrtainly be no guar:
rantee of a republican form of government.
How, then, shallCongressperformthis duty?
There is but one other mode possible, and that
is to legislate immediately upon the obnoxious
provisions. To declare void those features of
the State government which are not republican
and to provide for the infliction of pains and
penalties upon those who shall attempt to
enforce them.
This may or may not leave a perfect State
organization. If it should, then no further
legislative action will bo necessary. Ifit should
not, if the anti-republican provisions should
be so interwoven with the institutions that
annulling them will sweep away all the essen-
tial elements of the State, leaving the people
substantially without civil government, then
there will remain simply citizens of the United
States occupying territory within the limits of
the United States, and not within any organ-
ized State. This condition of things has
occurred so frequently since the formation of
the Government that precedents for its proper
treatment are upon every page of ourcountry's
history. A simple enabling act would authorize
the citizens to form a new State organization,
conforming it to the provisions of the national
Constitution.
To ascertain when a case arises calling for the
exercise of this power it is proper to inquire,
what is a republican form of government? On
this subject Mr. Madison says:
" If we resort for a criterion to. the different prin-
ciples on which different forms of government are -
established we may detme a republic to be, or at
least may hef-tow thatnameon, a govnrnmenr. which;
dciivos ail its powers directly or indirectly froni tlje
