1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
FEES TO COKSULAK AGENTS.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a joint resolution (H. li.
No. 328) exonerating certain vessels of the
United States from the payment of tonnage
fees to consular agents in Canada. It meets
with the approval of the Committee on Com-
merce.
There was no objection; and the joint res-
olution was read a first and second time. It
provides that no consul or consular agent shall
exact tonnage fees from any vessel of the
United States touching at one or more ports
in Canada on her regular voyage from one
port to another in the United States, unless
said consul or consular agent shall perform
some official service required by law for such
vessel when she shall thus touch at a Canadian
port.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
consular papers in evidence.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I have a communication from the Treasury
Department in relation to making certain con-
sular papers record evidence in courts of jus-
tice. It is a matter of importance, and will be
of great convenience in the trial of cases in
which the United States is interested. I ask,
therefore, to introduce a bill (II. R. No. 1423)
authorizing the admission in evidence of the
copies of certain papers, documents, and
entries.
The bill was reported. It provides that copies
of any and all papers and documents filed or
remaining in the office of any consul, vice
consul, or commercial agent of the United
States, and of any and all entries in the books
or records of any such office, shall, when certi-
fied under the hand and official seal of the
proper consul, vice consul, or commercial
agent, be admissible in evidence in. all courts
of the United States, and shall have, as evi-
dence, the same force and effect as the origiual
papers, documents, or entries.
The Clerk read the following letter:
Treasury Departsient,
Solicitoii s Office, July 11,1863.
Sir: Inconvenience sometimes arises from the want
of a provision making properly certified copics of
consular papers and records evidence in our courts.
I have, therefore, prepared a short bill supplying
this defect, whieli I herewith inclose, and I havo the
honor to request that, if it meets the approval of
your committee, you will report it to the House of
Representatives. with a view to its passage by that
body.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully.
EDWARD JORDAN,
(Solicitor of the Treasury.
Hon. E. 13. wasiiburne, Chairman Committee on Com-
merce. House of Jtepreseillutives.
The bill was read a first and second time,
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time ; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
naturalization.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1429) to amend an act entitled "An act to
establish a uniform rule of naturalization,"
passed April 14, 1802; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
government stoois in canals, etc.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, offered the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved. That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to dispose of the
property of the United States in certain canals and
navigation companies, wherein the United States
hold stock, which have for many years been non-
interest paying.
pension bills.
The SPEAKER. The Senate have asked
for a committee of conference on nine pension
bills, the amendments being verbal. If there
is no objection the House will reciprocate the
request.
No objection was made; and the Speaker
appointed Messrs. Perham, Vast Aebkam, and
Beatty.
freedmen's bureau.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table Senate bill No.
507, relative to the Freedmen's Bureau, and
providing for its discontinuance. I have the
authority of the committee to which it would
be referred to move that it be considered in the
House.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. JENCKES. I do not yield the floor
for that.
outrages in the south.
Mr. ARNELL. I ask ananimons consent
to offer the following preamble and resolution:
Whereas outrages, assassinations, and murders of
unparalleled atrocity continue to be perpetrated at
the South upon law-abiding and unoffending Union-
ists by bands of masked and armed desperadoes, in
such numbers and to such extent as to terrify whole
communities and paralyze labor in its lawful and
peaceful avocations:
Resolved. That it is the duty of the Government to
extend full and ample protection to all its faithful,
loyal citizcns at the South, white and colored, and
that a special committee, to consist of three mem-
bers of this House, be appointed to investigate these
alleged outrages: and said committee is hereby em-
powered to send forpersons and papers, and to report
to this House, with all reasonable dispatch, by bill
or otherwise.
Mr. RANDALL. I object only to the latter
part—the appointment of a committee.
Mr. BROOKS. I object to the whole. I
have information of some thirty or forty out-
rages in Minnesota and Illinois—awful out-
rages.
evening sessions for debate.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Gentlemen
around me desire that there may be an evening
session for debate every night this week. I
therefore move that evening sessions be ordered
at half past seven o'clock during the week.
Mr. RANDALL. With the understanding
that no vote is to be taken ?
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. No busi-
ness whatever—just a speaking school.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
leave to pbint remarks.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, asked and
obtained consent to print a speech on the
question of the purchase of Alaska. [It will
be published in the Appendix.]
louisiana contested election.
The SPEAKER laid before the House testi-
mony, &c., in the case of the election contest
of Jones vs. Mann, second congressional dis-
trict of Louisiana; which was referred to the
Committee of Elections.
fines on mail contractors.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the act of July 2,
1836, a report of fines imposed and deductions
made from the pay of contractors for carrying
the mails of the United States for the year
ending June 80, 1867 ; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
school trustees, district of columbia.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of a mass meeting of citizens of
Washington, protesting against the passage by
the House of Representatives of the Senate bill
transferring the duties of trustees of colored
schools to the trustees of white schools ; which
were referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia. •
civil-service bill.
The SPEAKER. The question is on sus;
pending the rules for the purpose of considering
the civil-service bill. The effect of the motion
would be to bring the bill before the House
now, neither the appropriation bills nor the tax
bill being pending.
Mr. WELKER. I would like to have the
motion read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Suspend the rules so as to make the civil service
bill a special order as soon as the general appropria-
tion bills are disposed of, and not to interfere with
the tax bill.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I would ask the gentle-
man from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes] if he
did not intend to put in the tariff bill ?
Mr. JENCKES. No, sir.
Mr. WELKER. 1 hope the rules will not
be suspended.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
70, noes 49.
Mr. JENCKES called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. PIKE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 68, nays 02, not voting 68 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Arnell, James
M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baldwin, Beck, Bout-
well, Boycr, Bromwell, Brooks. Roderick K. Butler,
Cary, Chanlcr, Cook, Dawes, Delano, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Ela, Eliot, Ferriss, French, Garfield, Griswold,
Grover, Haight, Hamilton, Hieby, Hooper,Hulburd,
Jenekes, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Ketcham. Mallory, Marvin, McKee. Niblack, Nunn,
Perham, Peters, Pike, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Ran-
dall, Raum, Ross, Schenck, Scofleld, Smith, Spald-
ing, Starkweather, Stewart, Stoke*. Taber. Taylor,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Twichell, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, James F. Wilson, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
Baker, Banks, Bcaity, Benton, Blair, Boles, Buck-
land, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Uoburn, Driggs, Eckley,
Eidridse, Fields, Getz.Glossbrenner. Golladay. Haw-
kins, Hinds, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Kelsey,
Kitchen, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loan, Marshall, McCarthy, MeClurg, Mor-
cur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead. Mullins, Mungca.
Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Robertson, ltoofs, Saw-
yer, Selye, Shanks. Sitgreaves, Thaddcus Stevens,
TafFe, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aerna.m, Van Auken,
Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Welker,
Thomas Williams, William Wiliams, and Win-
dom—62.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Barnes. Barnum,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bmgliam, Blaine, Broomall,
Burr, Beujaruui P. Butler, Cake, Churchill, Reader
\V\ Clarke, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Ileweese. Dodge,
Egglesten, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finney, Fox, Gravely,
Italsey. Harding. Hill, Holman, Hotchkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Richard I). Hubbard, Humphrey,
Hunter, ingersoll, Thomas L. J ones, Kelley. Kerr,
Knott, Lafim, Lincoln, Logan, Loughridge, Lyneb,
Maynard, McCormick, MeCullougk, ilorrell, Morris-
sey, Neweomb, Nicholson, JPheli>s, Pile, Polsiey,
Price, Pruyn, Robinson,Shellabarger, Aaron F.Ste-
vens, Stone, Thomas, John Trimble, Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B.
Washburne, John T. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
ward—68.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules v.-ere not suspended.
Mr. MAYNARD stated, durin^the roll-call,
that he was paired on this question with Mr.
Loughridge.
message eroji tiie president.
A message from the President, by Mr. W.
G. Moore, his Private Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed
bills and joint resolutions of the following
titles:
An act (EI. R. No. 809) prescribing an oath
of office to be taken by persons from whom
legal disabilities shall have been removed;
An act (H. R. No. 445) for the relief of
Timothy Lydcn, of Parkersburg, West Virginia;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 324) to exte.nd
the time for the completion of the M est Vv is-
consin railroad;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 154) in relation
to the settlement of the accounts of certain
officers and agents who have disbursed public
money under the direction of the chief of en-
gmeers; . _ .
An act (H. R. No. 182-5) for the relief of
Benjamin B. French, late Commissioner of
Public Buildings;
