186^
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2979
relate to a special tax, but provides for a gen-
eral tax.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
paragraph by striking out all after the words
" Retail dealers," at the beginning of the par-
agraph, and inserting in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
Every person whose business it is to sell or offer
for sale any goods, wares, or merchandise of foreign
or domestic production, not including wines, distilled
spirits, malt, malt lictnors, or crude petroleum, to-
bacco, snuff, or cigars, and whose annualsales exceed
$5,000 and do not exceed $25,000, shall be regarded as
a retail dealer, and shall pay twenty dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to amend by striking
out the paragraph. I make this motion for
the purpose of raising a question as to this
method of taxation. It is a species of taxa-
tion which reaches every class of citizens in
the country. It is in the nature of a direct
tax upon every person in the land, I do not
believe that there is a necessity for such a tax
as this. My impression has been, from the
beginning, that this bill is calculated to raise
a larger tax than there is occasion to raise. I
am willing, and the people of the country are
willing, to pay such taxation as is necessary to
meet the interest on the public debt and the
expenses of the Government. I believe the
people are not disposed to go beyond that.
My impression is that this bill does go very far
beyond that point, though I have not time to
examine the figures to see how far this state-
ment might be maintained.
The tax embraced in this paragraph is, I
think, the most annoying one to be found in
the whole bill. It falls upon everybody every-
where. For this reason I think this method
of taxation ought not to be resorted to, unless
it be necessary. That necessity I am not
able to see. Hence I have submitted this
motion. I believe that the true system of
internal taxation is that stated awhile ago by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] to confine the taxation to a few articles.
Such a method of levying taxes operates with
more uniformity and justice than the system
embraced in this _ bill, and encounters less
hostility in its administration. It admits of a
selection of the branches of business that can
test bear taxation. This paragraph makes no
distinction whatever. The man who deals in
the necessaries of life must pay his^ tax (or
rather the consumer of these necessaries must
pay it) as much as lie who deals in luxuries.
The paragraph makes no distintion, and I
observe that these special taxes are very numer-
rous, reaching the business of the country in
various ways.
A few months ago Congress passed an act
removing fioni the manufacturing industry of
the country the special taxation. Now, I must
confess that this bill looks to me like an earn-
est attempt to bring it all back again in other
shapes. This bill appears to me as calculated
lo pub back again upon the industry of the
country the greater part of that which was
taken off by the bill which we passed in the
earlier part of the session. I cantfot approve
such a proposition. I do not believe that the
industry of the people will stand this burden.
Hence I am opposed to this section. I am
opposed to levying upon the productive indus-
try of the country all taxes which are not abso-
lutely essential. I do not believe that the taxes
contemplated in this paragraph are required
for the revenues of the Government. On the
contrary, I believe that if taxation be properly
levied upon those things which are either in
the nature of luxuries or useless articles, like
liquors, tobacco, and things of that sort, we
shall realize a sufficient amount of revenue tor
the purposes of the Government.
Now. it is said that the system ot taxation
embraced in this paragraph is proper and
should be maintained, because the taxes are
easily collected. Most undoubtedly these taxes
are very easily collected; but I submit that
this ought not to be the rule for levying taxes.
The rule ought to have regard to the interests
of the people. We should consider what they
can most easily pay, not what is most easily
collected. It would be easier perhaps to con-
fiscate the property of the citizen than to assess
and collect taxes in the method wo now pur-
sue.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. SCHBNCK. Mr. Chairman, there are
two or three points in the argument submitted
by the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Blaik]
to which I think it proper to advert. In the
first place, the gentleman is mistaken in op-
posing this section on the ground that it bears
heavily upon the productive industry of the
country. The truth is, this is one of those
provisions by which we are seeking to relieve
the productive industry of the country by put-
ing our taxation upon that which is not the
labor of production but which is the mere
exchange of commodities. This is not a tax
upon manufactures, it is not a tax upon labor,
but it is a tax upon commercial transactions.
The present law imposes a tax of ten dollars
upon retail dealers from $1,000 up to $25,000,
according to the amount of their business.
The committee believed that the same amount
could be raised by taxing the larger dealers
engaged in the retail trade, including those
between $5,000and $25,000, and releasingalto-
gether from taxation every dealer whose busi-
ness does not amount to $5,000. This was
proposed not so much for the benefit of the
dealers themselves as for the convenience and
advantage of the citizens of the country at
large. We propose that those who have their
little shops and stores at the cross roads and in
the small villages and hamlets of the country,
who do not sell an amount equal to $5,000 a
year, shall be relieved from any special tax
whatever, and that is the purpose of this bill.
While we have increased the amount of the
special tax with a view to obtaining as much,
if possible, as under the present law, we have
released everything below $5,000.
The gentleman says by this and other spe-
cial taxes we will obtain too much money. I
wish I was as much afraid of that as he. I
have endeavored to give this House, after a
careful examination of the subject, with all
the aids I could obtain in the several depart-
ments, estimates of receipts and expenditures
for the coming year and an estimate of what
may be produced under this bill. I made out
a balance of $50,000,000 in the Treasury over
and above absolute expenditures, and I advised
the House then, and i repeat now, that out of
that $50,000,000 must come whatever bounty
you pay to the soldiers, which is not one of the
annual expenditures, and whatever you pay to
private claimants; in short, whatever appro-
priations Congress, outside of the regular ne-
cessary normal expenses, may make from time
to time; $50,000,000 is small enough margin for
that. Indeed, the bounties for the coming year,
I am informed, will amount to $40,000,000.
Mr. MILLER. I should like to know how
much the gentleman expects to get from the
tax on retail dealers?
Mr. SCHBNCK. We suppose we can raise
quite as much as during the last year, when it
was $2,047,000.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to ask the chair-
man whether the special complaint was not
from the class below $5,000?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to strike out the
last word. It seems to me this is an important
paragraph, and ought to be considered carefully.
I think the status quo is not worse than the
attempted increase. Here is a very lar^e
increase on retail dealers. ■ Men on one siue
of the street below $5,000 go free, while the
tax upon a man on the other side of $5,o00
has to pay an increased tax. One pays noth-
ing and the other has an increased taxot from
ten dollars to twenty dollars. I confess I
would prefer to have the law left as it is. the
 entleman says on the question of revenue it
would be better. I am against all changes
merely for the purpose of change. _
Mr. HARDING. I hope the committee will
determine to ret&in this clause. It is extremely
essential. But yesterday this House determ-
ined to vote an additional compensation of two
or three millions. 1 understand that we are
going to vote thirty-three and one third per eeut.
extra to officers of the Army. I will remind
my friend from Pennsylvania that in support-
ing these liberal appropriations, twenty per
eeut. extra for a special class, it will be indis-
pensable that we should tax retail dealers; that
we must tax the retail dealers of the whole coun-
try to get the amount of money contemplated
in these extra compensation appropriations.
I shall therefore vote to retain these measures.
I think we should tax the many for the benefit
of the few, and therefore I hope, at the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
who is always found with the class of liberal
voters, this will be retained. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAINE. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew it for the purpose
of making a single remark. I thank the gen-
tleman from Illinois for his warm and earnest
support.
I will say to the gentleman from Maine, upon
whatever principle of human nature it may be
founded—whether founded on ambition or
otherwise—wherever a distinction is made
between wholesale and retail dealers, between
two classes of dealers in commodities, there is
a desire to be in the principal class even if
compelled to pay ten or twenty dollars. They
want to be considered on the side ot the street
where $5,500 or $10,000 dealers are, and not
as being among the small fry. We relieve
everybody who sell under $5,000.
Mr. COVODB. I dislike to disagree with
the chairman of the committee. 1 think it
would be better to put a ten dollar tax on
small dealers. It is hard generally for retail
dealers in the country to be able to determine
whether their sales are more or less than
$5,000. If this pass they will _ be careful to
keep accounts, so as to make their sales appear
below $5,000. I am satisfied that a great
number of retailers will in that way get rid of
paying taxes altogether; aud the safe way
would be to keep the ten dollar tax on.
Mr. BLAINE. This Congress, under the
lead of the chairman of the Committee of \\ ays
and Means, has prided itself on removing faxes.
We have taken off the cotton, tax and the
manufacturer's tax. I am not therefore dis-
posed to begin on a plan of increasing the tax
in some directions because we have_ entirely
relieved them in others. I maintain if we
take off the tax on manufactures and reach
a class of she community who are now entirely
exempt, it is an odious thing to take out a
large class of retail dealers throughout the
length and breadth of the United States, who
have heretofore paid a tax of ten dollars on a
thousaud and to now double that license upon
them. 1 for one am opposed to it, tooth and
nail. I believe it isone of those taxes that are
unjustifiable and odious in the extreme.
The amendment of'Mr. Blaise was disagreed
to—ayes twenty-eight, noes not counted.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend by strik-
ing out twenty dollars ia line eight and insert-
ing ten dollars. And I will say, if the cuair-
man of the committee, from whom 1 always
differ with reluctance, desires to bring back
the $5,000 to $1,000, I shall certainly second
him in making that motion. But 1 content
myself now with moving to strike out twenty
dollars and insert ten dollars, leaving the
license tax where it always has been. _
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I desire
in the very beginning to make this general
announcement to the House. We have not
been alone engaged in reducing taxes, aiuiougli
in very large fields of industry a very great
reduction has been and will be accomplishes ;
but we have also been engaged in readjusting
taxes and equalizing them; a matter of just as
much moment. . , . -i
Now, what is the tax proposed on the retail
dealer0 From twenty dollars up to i,2o,000,
or an average of less than one tenth of one per
cent Now, if the manufacturers are willing,
being relieved from their former burden to pay
