456
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July %
Ho. oi? Reps.
Appeal to the Southern Whigs—Mr. Maynard.
40m Cong....2d Bess.
The real object which the southern leaders
kept steadily in view was disunion. They taught
it in public and in private, by the press, in the
pulpit, on the stump, at the schools, and where
ever chance threw a promising disciple in their
way. A generation of young men grew up
and migrated to every part of the southern
country as editors, politicians, and professional
men, who had been taught the right of seces-
sion and the kindred heresies of the Calhoun
philosophy. They familiarized the people with
the idea of disunion and a southern confederacy.
Southern grievances were continually paraded;
northern men were constantly reviled and dis-
paraged ; hatred toward the whole section was
artfully excited; jealousy of its prosperity,
contempt for the alleged traits of its people;
their own superior prowess dexterously ex-
tolled, and the charms duly set forth of a
government that should have no North, in
which there should come no Yankees, and
whore every man should either be a "nigger"
or own a "nigger." Southern commercial
conventions were annually held at which were
industriously discussed the reopening of the
African slave trade and the dissolution of the
American Union. Books and periodicals, filled
with the most atrocious utterances, were thrown
upon the community. In this way public senti-
ment was operated upon, and the public mind
was confused.
The other side was rarely heard. Few men
thought their prolusions worth an answer;
fewer still who cared to refute them and en-
counter the storm of invective and ribaldry,
possibly insult and violence, which an answer
would have been sure to arouse. For in prac-
tice, neither freedom of speech nor of the
press was tolerated by these fierce spirits—fire-
eaters they called themselves—except on their
own side. A class of northern writers some-
times handled the topics with great vigor; but
generally in such a style as unconsciously to
lend plausibility to these pernicious heresies.
Another class of northern partisan writers de-
lighted to charge upon their opponents the
most astounding designs against the whole
population of the South. The words of the
former class were carcfully reproduced as ex-
pressing the opinions and the feelings of the
northern people, while those of the latter were
cited as evidence to establish the correctness
of the inference. The Fourth of July, the
Declaration of Independence, the flag and the
eagle, and the national airs, the traditions and
emblems of our happiest memory, were sedu-
lously discarded. Everything was repressed
which was calculated to stimulate patriotism
or to awaken a love of country.
Under such influences and by such prepara-
tion was slowly and by degrees developed the
"lost cause." The teaching of Yancey was
"to fire the southern heart" in readiness for
the first occasion. The election of Mr. Fre-
mont in 185(S, had it occurred, would have been
such an occasion. It did not, and they pre-
arranged for an election in 1860 which should
furnish it. How paltered these juggling fiends
at Charleston and then at Baltimore; how they
passed the summer and autumn in denouncing
every man in advance who should deign to
hold office under a 1' Black Republican'' Pres-
ident, or consent to live under his administra-
tion ; how, when they saw the people inclined
to submit to the laws and to wait for something
more outrageous than a political defeat before
they joined in rebellion againt the G overnment,
they threatened violent resistance, and, failing
to provoke coercive authority, inaugurated their
"cause" by bombarding an unfinished fort,
containing a garrison of loss than one hundred
starving men ; all this we knew very well at the
time, though the immense volumes of subse-
quent experience have impaired the recollec-
tion of these earlier chapters.
Tin: smr";:i :i;v coni-'f.der vcy.
The " lost cause " was an idea, a sentiment,
a principle of hostility to the Republican the-
ory of self-government, taking organic shape
in the "southern confederacy," which its sec-
ond officer declared to be based upon slavery, and
which one of its leading organs, the Richmond
Examiner, boldly announced to be "a distinct
reaction against the civilization of the age."
Never walked a fouler spirit upon this planet.
Cruel, intolerant, overbearing, implacable, un-
forgiving, treacherous, perfidious, ungenerous,
ungrateful, avaricious, penurious, tyrannical to
the weak, insolent to equals and sycophantic
to the strong, it combined the vicious defects
of opposite systems without the redeeming
traits of either; a strange cooperation of free
and of arbitrary government to form a type of
depravity that neither unaided could pro-
duce. It was the ideal of evil, villainy sub-
limed. Beginning in robbery and ending in
repudiation, there was no crime in the cata-
logue of guilt that it did not commit. Revers-
ing the Roman maxim it spared the strong and
warred upon the weak. Old men and children
and women, men defenseless and alone, were
its victims. Prisoners were scourged and pil-
laged and then put to death under the prolonga-
tion of torture. The pathetic sanctity of the
grave was denied, and trinkets were whittled
from the bones of the slain.
Boasting of chivalry andaloftier honor than
belonged to the rest of the country, it demon-
strated beyond cavil that its honor was a sham
and that its chivalry lacked every virtue and
every grace belonging to the Bemi-civilized insti-
tution it affected to imitate. Its prison-pens at
Montgomery, Andersonville, Salisbury, Libby,
Castle Thunder, and Belle Isle have become
historic to the relief of the Jersey prison-ship
and the Black Hole of Calcutta. It idolized
military heroes, who displayed the acquirements
of the bandit, the foot-pad, and the blackleg,
and neglected those of real merit. Its chosen
civil rulers, both dishonest and incapable, un-
derstood neither the obstacles to be overcome
nor the means at their command. Never did
men, engaged in the great work they pretended
to, exhibit such poverty of thought. Not a
state paper exists worth being read. Not a
lofty sentiment, not a generous appeal, not a
noble or magnanimous defiance was ever ut-
tered. There was neither grandeur in victory
nor pathos in defeat. Eloquence attempted
no successful flights; poetry feltno inspiration;
music had none but borrowed melodies; art
furnished neither statues nor pictures, and
literature not a line to be remembered. Such
was the "lost cause" in its heyday as it
appeared to all but the deluded women and
youth, who decked its hideousness in the hues
of their own gaudy imaginations. _ Of such are
not the kingdoms of earth. Nations are not
constructed of so base material. Well is it
called the "lost" cause, just as we speak of a
"lost" woman, a "lost" spirit,a "lost" soul.
So understood, it is no paradox that it still
abides, direful, portentous, a power for evil in
the land. Hardly had it recovered from the
first craven fear of hanging and confiscation
which followed the defeat of its arms before it
renewed the same vile practices which marked its
progress from the outset. Clothed by the mis-
taken clemency of the Executive with local
authority, it foreborehostility toward the Gov-
ernment and the northern people indeed, but
exhausted its virulence upon objects at home,
the emancipated and enfranchised colored peo-
ple, the white unionists, and persons of north-
ern birth, especially settlers since the war, or,
to borrow its own dialect, the "niggers," the
"scalawags," and the "carpet-baggers."
tbbatment of colosed f eople.
The hostility to the colored people amounts
to passion, almost to madness.^ Everything
likely to alleviate their hard condition has been
resisted bitterly as leading to "negro equal-
ity," their freedom, their right to control their
own labor, to own property, to testify in court,
no less than the right to vote and to hold office.
Efforts for their education have provoked espe-
cial persecution. School-houses have beert
burned and schools broken up; schoolmasters,
white and colored, have been subjected to cruel
scourgings and other nameless indignities, and
driven away; schoolmistresses have fared onhr
not so bad; and these outrages, not single acts
of wickedness, confined in their locality, but
so numerous and so far asunder as to demon-
strate preconcert and purpose. The riots.
Memphis and Now Orleans in 1866 are but too
well kDown. Murdered, shot at, whipped,
robbed, disarmed, to say nothing of insults
and contumelies numberless, what have these
people done to provoke, I do not say deserve,
such treatment? According to no man's the-
ory were they the responsible cause of the war
which resulted in their freedom. Not by their
own seeking are they free. To them every
franchise has come like unsought blessings
from above. Nor can it be truthfully said
that they have misused their gifts. The arson,
rape, and slaughter traditionally in reserve
for the master race whenever the slave should
be made free have not, 1 believe, in a single
instance occurred. With all their discourage-
ments they have been more nearly self-sustain-
ing than the same number of landless arid
homeless people of the white race.
The few millions wisely and humanely ex-
pended by the Freedmen's Bureau for the care
of the very old and the very young, and for
securing to all some degree of justice and fair
dealing, have been rendered necessary by neg-
lect and oppression where we should have ex-
pected better things. It was something else that
aroused the ire against them. Every individ-
ual colored man surrounded by his little house-
hold, in his "castle of defense," though but
the humblest cabin, is to the " lost cause" a
badge of defeat, and he is visited with the
wrath impotent against the power of the Gov-
ernment. It is the ignoble vengeance of the
ruffian who, worsted in his public broils,
takes satisfaction at home in beating his wife
and children. Such is the spectacle nightly
exhibited somewhere in the South of a party of
young white men, claiming to be gentlemen,
boasting of chivalry, stealthily surrounding the
lowly home of an inoffensive colored man,
generally one whose years and character give
him influence with his race, dragging him from
his bed to lacerate him with hundreds of stripes,
if not to take his life. Brave young men ! the
pride of the "lost cause," soldiers, per-
chance, in the non-combatant departments of
the confederate armies, figuring appropriately
at "tournaments," as they call the puerile
imitations of the cast-off rubbish of an obso-
lete age.
tee.4tmext op whits uxioxist8.
Not black men alone are the objects of their
spite. The Union white men, loyal to their
Government, who either never joined the " lost
cause" or have abandoned it, southern by
birth, education, and constant residence, the
"seallawags" of their vocabulary, come in for
a heavy share. None so worthy or so worth-
less as to escape. The best talents, the high-
est culture, the purest morals, alike with the
lowest and most degraded, fall into condemna-
tion if not in sympathy with this accursed spirit.
The recent assassination of Ashburn was a
representative crime. The men who slew him
were the type of their class; aud they struck
him down, not for any personal grievance, but
as the embodiment of ideas and principles
which they hated. It was an act truly worthy
of the "lost cause," one of its most charac-
teristic developments. An old man, much
beyond the meridian, honored by being the
chosen of his people, m the capital of his
native Georgia, denied admission to the house
of public entertainment, forced to accept ob-
scure lodgings, is aroused from sleep at mid-
night by a band of wretches, and shun at the
side of his bed. His murderers assume to be
the first in what they call society. They plan
the deed for days and execute it with as little
