2980
THE CONG-RESSIO&AL GLGB®.
two tenths of one per cent., is it too mneh fo ask
of these traders that they shall pay half as much ?
The object is one, as I say, of readjustment.
W ell, in the course of this readjustment for the
benefit not so much of the trader as of the
mass of the people, we have concluded to remit
altogether the tax upon the exceedingly small
trader by bringing it down to a minimum of
only $5,000, releasing all below- that amount,
is ow, by putti ng it upon those who do a business
of from $5,000 to $25,000, so as not to make
the average equal to one tenth of one per cent.,
we are able to accomplish this and get as much
revenue.
Now, sir, in regard to the amount of tax to
be levied, I desire those who have the con-
trolling majority in this House to remember
that when the committee reported this bill they
reported it with reference to what you have
either already provided by your bills that have
been passed, or what you are providing for in
bills that are now pending. And it will be for
the majority of this Congress to determine
whether they will go for such readjustment of
taxation, such release of a portion of the taxes,
and such equalization of taxes in every respect
recommended by the committee in the main as
will secure the credit of the country by pro-
viding for everytingthat with another voice you
are engaged in voting away.
The gentleman says it can make no question
here, because we can get about as much tax
if we pat a tax of on'.y ten dollars upon the
dealer up to $25,000 and tax the dealer down
to $1,000 as if we released all below §5,000.
Perhaps it may be so, but then we violate this
other policy which the committee have at-
tempted to follow of releasing the small trader
and the small dealer and the small manufactu-
rer throughout the country. When you come to
your manufacturer's tax you will find, although
we put a tax of ten dollars upon small dealers
and manufacturers, then a per centage of two
tenths of one per cent., according to the char-
acter or the manufacturer, yet we do not tax
any of the manufacturers engaged in any of
the ordinary kinds of industry below $5,000.
We do not even tax him his ten dollars upon
the principle which we suppose this Congress
will certainly sustain of reviving, lifting up,
and giving exemption to all those who may be
considered likely to be hampered by any tax
imposed upon them at all, because of the nar-
rowness of their means and the sniallness of
the business in which they ars engaged.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE. I tnoveto amend the amend-
ment by striking out one dollar. I desire to
call the attention of the committee to one fea-
ture in the bill, and I have to repeat that this
section proposes fo double the tax on a very
large class numbered by thousands and tens
of thousands throughout the United States.
Now, my friend proposes to tax the retail
dealer who shall sell one dollar's worth over
$5,000 twenty dollars; and the same bill, on
page 103, imposes a tax of ten dollars on the
lawyer whose gross annual receipts do not
exceed 33,000. A lawyer, then, in a country
town may receive $3,000 a year, all of which is
profit, and pay ten dollars tax, while the trader
who sells $5,000 worth of goods, on which his
profit is very small indeed, pays double the
amount of tax.
Mr. SCHhjNCK. The trader pays nothing
at all until his sales reach $5,000.
ilr. BLAINE. But if his sales reach $100
over So,000 he pays a tax of twenty dollars,
while the lawyer who has a netincome of $3,000
only pays ten dollars.
Now, 1 say this, that the existing tax, whether
it be just or unjust, is one to which the people
are accustomed. It is one to which they have
been used for five, six, or seven years, and it
is now proposed to change it without adding
anything to the revenue.
Mr. MAYNAttD. Does the gentleman think
it will make any difference with the people?
_Mr. BLAINE. It will make a difference
with the people who have to pay the tax. I
Suppose in this unfeeling worfd it does not
make much difference to those who do not,
because other people's miseries are very easy
to^ bear. But those who have to pay the tax
will complain, and to my mind it is an unjust
tax.
Mr. JTAYNARD. A tax of ten dollars on
sales over $5,000 is not very enormous.
Mr. BLAINE. On the enormous sale of
$5,000, he might possibly have a profit of
twelve per cent., which would give him the
large annual receipt of $600 net, on which he
is to pay a tax of twenty dollars. I withdraw
my amendment to the amendment, and ask for
a vote on my original amendment.
The question was put on Mr. Blaine's
amendment; and there were—ayes 32, noes
30; no quorum-voting.
Mr. SGHENCK called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Blain-e,
and Hooper of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 43, noes 54.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BARNES. I move to amend the para-
graph by striking out the words "and whose
annual sales exceed $5,000 and do not exceed
$25,000, shall be regarded as retail dealers,
and shall each pay twenty dollars," and in-
serting in lieu thereof the words "shall pay
ten dollars and one tenth of one per eent. on
the excess over $5,000."
Mr. Chairman, as the bill now stands it taxes
the dealer who sells $5,000 worth of goods as
much as it does one who sells $25,000 worth.
It is very difficult for the committee to make
the dividing line between the different classes
of traders. For myself, I have been unable
to see the necessity of defining retail dealers
and wholesale dealers. In one section of the
country, or in one part of a city, a retail dealer
sells SI,000,000 of goods, and in the same city
or in the same section of country a wholesale
dealer sells but $25,000 worth. There is really
no distinct idea, conveyed with reference to the
amount of business by the words "retail" and
"wholesale." I believe there are wholesale
dealers in the district represented by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means in
Ohio, who are exclusively wholesale merchants,
whose annual sales do not exceed from $50,000
to $100,000.
There are retail dealers in the city where I
reside whose sales amount to $1,000,000 an-
nually. Now, it certainly is fair and just that
dealers be taxed in proportion to the amount
of sales they actually make, whether thoy are
called retail dealers or wholesale dealers. In
my estimation $5,000 is a fair exemption, and
must be satisfactory to the small dealers who
can extend their business, and makes no invid-
ious distinction between the merchant whose
sales are $6,000 and the merchant whose sales
amount to 825,000.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is, perhaps, not so
much out of the way in the principle of the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. B.vunes.] The argument against it is
one of.convenience. When you come to the
wholesale dealer, whose sales amount to
$25,000 and upward, and charge him, a? you
do manufacturers, a tax of one fifth of one per
cent., and require him to make out a monthly
return of his sales, you require of him what,
he can conveniently do. Doing a business of
that amount, he has his clerks and his book-
keeper, and thus it is not a troublesome matter
to him. But the small dealer has not the force
at his command to make out these monthly
returns so conveniently. We have, therefore,
put in a gross sum, as has been the practice
with the Government from the beginning, for j
this reason—for it is founded on reason : we '
place a gross sum on these small dealers, and
do not require them to make these regular
returns, which are not so inconvenient to the
large dealer who keep a staff of employes.
_ If, howerer, we should resort to the" prin-
ciple of percentage, I would call attention
to the fact, that when you get above $5,000
the amendment of the gentlginan would im-
pose a tax of only one tenth of one per cent.
while tlie manufacturer-pays a tkx'of two tenths
of one per cent. I do not think the sympathy
of the country shouM be excited particularly
in favor of the trading class, the commercial
interest, the men who merely exchange the
commodities of others, over the man who by
his own labor produces and adds to the wealth
of the country.
As X said at the beginning of my remarks, I
object to the amendment merely on the ground
of inconvenience. And there is so much in that
objection, that from the first it has been found
expedient not to demand that which requires a
great deal of clerical force for its performance
from the small operators or traders. I hope
the amendment will not be adopted.
The question wasthen taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Barnes, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend this paragraph
by striking out the words "tobacco, snuff, or
cigars." 1 do not understand why retail dealers
should not be allowed to sell tobacco, snuff,
and cigars, if they want to do so, as well as to
sell anything else. I know of no reason for a
particular tax on those articles.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to a point of order.
The Committee of the Whole have already
adopted these words.
Mr. SCHENCK. I moved an amendment,
on behalf of the Committee of Ways and
Means, as a substitute for the original para-
graph, embracing the words the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ross] now moves to strike
out. The proper time for this amendment was
while my amendment was pending. The Com-
mittee of the Whole having adopted my amend-
ment, it is not in order to move to strike out
any portion of it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois out of order.
Mr. PILE. I move to amend this paragraph
by striking out " twenty-five" and inserting
'■fifteen;'1 also, by inserting after the word
11 dollars'1 the words "retail dealers whose
annual sales exceed $1,000 and do not exceed
$5,000, shall each pay five dollars."
Air. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I raise
the same point of order on this amendment
that was raised on the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Boss,] that the
Committee of the Whole have already adopted
these words, and it is not in order to strike
them out.
Ihe CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out
of order.
No further amendment was offered.
The next paragraph was read, as follows :
Wholesale dealers. Dealers, whose business it is
tor themselves, or on commission, fo sell or offer for
sale any goods wares, or merchandise, of foreign or
domestic production, not including- wines, spirits,
malt, or malt,liquor,crude petroleum, tobaceo, snulF
or cigars, and whose annual sales excecd $25,000, shall
each pav fifty dollars, and two dollars for cverv addi-
tional SI,000 in excess of §25,000; but in making the
assessment on such excess of sales a deduction shall
be allowed of all sales included in the return, which
snail be shown to have been made by or through
another wh6lesale de«*il©r, or by or through an auc-
tioneer, such other wholesale dealer or auctioneer
having included such sales in the returns made by him
to the assessor or assistant assc^or olthedi>trict in
whicn he is doing business. The payment of the
special tax, as a wholesale dealer, shall not exempt
any such person, acting al&o as a commercial broker,
irom the payment of the special tax imposed upon
commercial brokers.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend this
paragraph by striking out all after tbe first
words "wholesale dealers," and inserting in
lieu thereof the following:
BVery person whose business it is for himself, or on
commission to sel l or offer for sale any goods, wares, or
P1 -rchandise of foreign or domestic production, not
including wines, spirits, malt, or malt liquor, crude
petroleum, tobacco, snuff, or cigars, and whose annual
gales exceed $25,0uQ, shall bo regarded as a wholesale
dealer and shall pay fifty dollais, and two dollars lor
every additional $1,000 in excess of 825,000; but in
making the assessment on such excess of sales a
deduction shall be allowed of all sales included in the
return which shall be shown to have been made as the
special agent for and on account of a manufacturer,
and sales made by or through another wholesale
dealer, or by or through an auctioneer, such manufac-
turer ox other wholesale dealer or auctioneer having
included suoh sales m the returns made by him to the
