572
THIS CONGRESSIONAL QWm
January i6>
the first attack -was made in South Carolina,
■when the laws, applicable in time of peace to
such disturbances, could have been made effect-
ive. No, sir: it was war—organized, relent-
less war, and none the less so because waged
against the Government by the combined ac-
tion of States seeking to overthrow the Govern-
ment and to establish a new and independent
confederacy. It was civil war, begun, con-
tinued. and ended as such upon the field—and
the lights and powers of Congress were such
as a condition of war created—so Congress
determined and so the Supreme Court of the
United States has adjudged.
Therefore, in our legislation we must regard
that as one of the questions not open to debate.
And with the surrender of Lee those rights
did not cease, but until Congress has so legis-
lated as to secure in those States a free gov-
ernment in full, harmonious, political relation
with the General Government, they must of
necessity continue.
Mr. Speaker, this legislation rests also upon
another ground that is the promise which the
Constitution of the United States itself has
made to guaranty to those southern States
republican forms of government. First, the
right to pass such legislation grows out of the
war power, that war having been successfully
carried on to its conclusion ; and, secondly, out
of the guarantee of the Constitution itself.
Upon these two broad grounds the right of
Congress to act in the line of this bill will be
found.
But it would be manifestly a work of super-
erogation for me to discuss that abstract ques-
tion here and now. I have done so upon other
occasions. First, if I recollect right, in 1802,
when the confiscation bill was before the House,
and upon other occasions since that time. The
question has been argued upon this bill most
ably by the gentleman who reported it to this
House ; and it has been argued by others dur-
ing this debate.
A ad besides all that, we have, upon this
side of the House, members of the party with
whom I am associated, who have been the
responsible conductors of the legislation of
this country during the rebellion, who legis-
lated to raise and to equip and to maintain our
armies and navies, who passed all the laws
which from time to time tnat rebellion made
it needful to pass in order that the Govern-
ment should be maintained and the rebellion
crushed. We upon this side of the House
entertain upon this question no doubt, nor are
we faltering in our purpose. Therefore it
would clearly be of no use to occupy the time
of the House in discussing the abstract ques-
tion of the power of Congress to legislate in this
way, for upon our part our minds are made up.
So far as gentlemen on the other side of the
House are concerned, those gentlemen who,
since the time of the attack upon Fort Sumter,
have been acting against us upon every meas-
ure which was calculated to strengthen the Gov-
ernment and to defeat the rebellion, upon every
measure which it was deemed necessary for us
to adopt in order that the life of the nation
should be saved; who have opposed upon con-
stitutional grounds, as they understand the
Constitution, all that we have said and sought
to do, and all that we have done from the
beginning of this war down to the present day
—of what avail would it be for me to discuss
the power of Congress to act in this regard?
Why, sir, though one rose from the dead they
could not be persuaded.
But so far as Congress is concerned, and so
far as this House is concerned, the exact prin-
ciple of this bill has been consented to; we
have committed ourselves to it. It may not
be exactly right for me to say that the mem-
bers of this present Congress have done so ; but
certainly it is true that the last Congress did so;
and the House of Representatives, upon two
distinct occasions, enacted into law, so far as
that House could do so, bills which recognized
distinctly the principle of the first section of
the bill now under consideration.
As regards one of those measures I desire to
say a word. It will be remembered that some
time in the month of February, during the sec-
ond session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, the
committee that had had in charge the examina-
tion into the New Orleans riots and the condi-
tion of affairs in Louisiana, after great consid-
eration, after careful personal inspection of the
ground, and after deliberate examination, com-
bining, as I think they did, the most valuable
features of all the bills which prior to that time
had been submitted by one and another gen-
tleman for the action of this House—that com-
mittee reported a bill which, not upon great
discussion, for the principles of the bill had
been debated before that time, was passed by
a very decided majority of this House and sent
to the other branch ot' Congress.
Now, it is true that the Senate preferred the
military bill, which had also been previously
passed by this House, and, adopting that, sent
to us what has been known as "the military
reconstruction bill," leaving the other unacted
upon in that branch. Nevertheless, that other
bill upon its face, as did also the military bill
itself, assumed as a conceded fact that in those
rebel States in consequence of the defeat of the
rebels and the success of our arms, there vested
in the Congress of the United States a full and
indisputable right to ignore, to supersede, to
set aside, to disregard the then existing civil
State governments in these southern States.
The military bill was not, in its provisions, so
stringent as the bill which this House passed
reestablishing civil government in Louisiana.
It assumed upon its face to be more aggressive ;
but upon examination of those bills you will
find that as to the bill reported from the com-
mittee to which I have referred, affecting
Louisiana alone, although it rested upon a civil
basis—although it did not purport to be a mili-
tary bill, yet its provisions were such as would,
I believe, in the shortest period have restored
civil government within the confines of Louis-
iana; and under that bill loyal men would have
presented themselves upon the floor of this
House and would have represented, in my judg-
ment, a State loyal throughout.
That bill which I hold now in my hand creates
a civil government, appointing for the time a
loyal governor, and prescribing his qualifica-
tions. It provides for a provisional council,
and prescribes their duties. It provides for a
popular election of a governor arid a Legis-
lature, and prescribes the qualifications of
electors. It provides for an immediate regis-
tration of loyal voters. It provides for the
election of members of a convention to adopt
a constitution. It provides that the constitu-
tion shall be submitted to the people, and that
during all this time the protection of the mili-
tary power of this Government shall be ex-
tended over the loyal men of Louisiana in the
exercise of the rights secured to them under
the provisions of the bill.
But it is ueedless at this time to debate that
bill. I do believe, however, that if its provis-
ions had been substantially enacted into law
and extended to all the rebel States of the
Union we should before this time have found
them in much better condition than we find
them now. Yet I am not sure that this would
have been so, because it is manifest that the
reconstruction bill which this House and the
Senate did pass was altogether sufficient, would
have worked out its own end in the right way,
and would have successfully presented to the
people of this country a reconstructed Union,
reconstructed upon a broad, free, and endur-
ing basis, if only the action of this House and
the other branch had been in good faith car-
ried out by the parties who happened to hold
the administrative power of this Government.
If we had been fortunate enough to have in the
White House a gentleman who would have
consented to help Congress instead of oppos-
ing it, who could have felt it within his heart
to do something in aid of the parties and prin-
ciples and measures to the support of which he
consented when chosen to office, we should
have had a different state of facts existing now.
Mr. Speaker, it is pretty hard work for the
Congress of the United States, legislating upon
new and untried questions, in great emergen-
cies under circumstances never heretofore ex-
isting and never heretofore imagined—it is
pretty hard work for Congress so to legislate
with the Chief Executive directly opposed to
i them, he believing, as I am bound to assume
he believes, that it is his duty to head off Con-
: gress rather than to aid it; that it is his duty
to obstruct the law rather than to aid in its
execution ; that having taken an oath to sup-
port and maintain the laws he is bound so to
exercise his functions as that the law shall be
neutralized and made of no effect. It is hard,
I say, for Congress so to legislate as by any
one or two bills to clear away all the difficul-
ties and make straight work to the desired end.
I say the great obstructor is in the White
House. It is no fault of ours, excepting, in-
deed, that he holds his office at our hands. I
do not like these continual amendments of
our reconstruction laws. I do not like the
necessity imposed upon us of amending legis-
lation which if fairly and bona fide carried
out would be all-sufficient.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE. I yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] ten minutes
more of my time.
Mr. BUTLER. Before the gentleman from
Massachusetts resumes I desire to ask him a
question. He has said that it is no fault of
; ours that the "great obstructor" is in the
White House, is the gentleman quite sure
that it is no fault of ours?
Mr. ELIOT. Now, Mr. Speaker, my col-
league [Mr. Butler] ought not to lead me
away from the line of my argument. This
House refused to impeach Mr. Johnson, not
because he did not deserve it, but because in
the existing condition of things there were
other affairs more imperatively demanding
attention.
Why, sir, the great heart of this nation is
burdened by a mountain of taxation which
ought to be lifted up that it may breathe.
There is an amount of expense continually in-
curred aggravated by the civil war which must
be reduced. There are questions of finance to
be considered and the immense debt which has
been accumulating during all these years of
' war must in some way be brought together that
in the end it shall be liquidated dollar by dol-
lar in good, solid coin, and the pledged faith
I, of the nation redeemed. No, sir, we had other
| things to do besides stopping to impeach the
President of the United States.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if that has been imputed
to any lack of political firmness, if any one
supposes there was any timidity on the part
j of the House, if anybody on this side or upon
i the other side entertains such belief as that, I
: will say they will find themselves in error,
i Now, Mr. Speaker, let me devote the few
remaining minutes to a consideration of this
bill. Sir, every attempt we have made which
was mild in form, which was gentle in its char-
acter, seems only to have necessitated some
more stringent measure. The fault is not with
Congress, because we did not commence at
the other end. We tried to get along without
this stringent legislation, which recent events
show now to be necessary. The time, sir, may
come when it will be seen that the most radi-
cal policy would have secured the earliest
peace.
It was believed, sir, when the bill which we
are now amending was passed, that its pro-
visions were sufficient. But they are not suffi-
cient; and it has become necessary for us to
legislate further on the subject. Upon these
questions, in whose belief and in what inter-
ests are the members of the House desirous to
legislate ? Do you want to help the rebels ?
Do you want to strengthen the arms of those
who have been endeavoring to strike down the
power of this Government? If so, then do not
pass this bill. Is it necessary to help the loyal
men of the country? Cries come up from every
quarter that unless some such measure as this
is passed we will find continual obstructions
