1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
m
tlivovrn in our way so great that it will be a
long time to come before those States are
restored to the Union.
Mr. Speaker, when they do come back we
mean that they shall come back as loyal States.
We mean '1 to fight it out 011 this line if it takes
all summer." The Republican party have de-
clared their doctrine. They have taken their
ground and they are prepared to defend it. If
obstructions are put in their way they are pre-
pared, with the blessing of God, to remove
those obstructions.
What does this bill contain? It provides that
these existing State governments shall not be
recognized as valid by executive or judicial
authority. Sir, they ought not to be recognized
as valid. We have been tampering too loug
with that question. We have allowed those
State governments to be recognized for too
many purposes. It was well enough to have
provisional governments established—I cannot
stop to criticise that action on the part of the
Executive—but they should not have been con-
tinued after Congress met and after Congress
could act. Sir, they have been in our way here-
tofore. They are in our way now. The offi-
cers carrying them on are opposed to us, and
it is utterly m vain to attempt to bring them
back.
Mr. HARDING. I should like to have the
gentleman answer a question.
Mr. ELIOT. I do not like to refuse to
answer, but I have not time.
Mr. HARDING. I ask whether this bill
authorizes the general in command of the dis-
trict to recognize and establish these rebel
governments?
Mr. ELIOT. I think not.
Mr. HARDING. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELIOT. If the gentleman ■tfill re£id the
bill he will find that is not its character. It
provides the general shall have power at his
aiscretion to remove those civil officers of
these governments. It provides that the Pres-
ident shall have no power to detail military
officers to the military departments or to re-
move them. I think We have experience enough
that if left in the hands of the general of the
Army the power will be safely and judiciously
used. It provides that the Army of the Uni-
ted States shall not be used against the author-
ity of the U nited States. It is a wonderful pro-
vision, marvelous in its character, and if it
had not been introduced by so cautious, sojudi-
cious, so conservative a member of this House
as the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. BixgSam,]
I should feel apprehensive that some how or
other some radical breathing had been infused
into the ears of the committee, and had found
expression in this bill.
It provides that) illegal interference to pre-
vent action or obstruct the law shall be a crime
punishable by fine and imprisonment. Who is
there that can object to that? It is a strange
thing, Mr. Speaker, that we are called upon
in this year of grace by our friend from Ohio
[Mr. Bin'oham] to legislate upon a proposition
like that. It ought not to be needful, but we
know right well that it is needful, and there
stands not a man on the floor of the House who
can give a good reason against its exercise. It
is no good reason that by possibility it may
apply to and affect the officer who now occu-
pies the chair of the Chief Executive of this
Government. It can do no harm to any one
who seeks to stand by the law ; and if it be a
terrorto evil-doers, letthem notfind theircham-
pion in this House.
Sir, if gentler measures have failed, more
8tringent_ must be adopted. As it was in the
field, so it must be in council, until here, as
there, the flag of disloyalty shall be struck,
and its forces surrender, and a Union perpet-
ual, because free, shall be secured.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who
desires to submit a motion.
KECESS TO-DAY.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that the House con-
Bent to take a recess from half past four until
six o'clock, and that the evening session be for
debate only. I beg leave to say that after the
morning hour to-morrow I shall call the pre-
vious question and take thesense of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
seven o'clock has been the usual hour for an
evening session. It is very difficult for mem-
bers to get here at six o'clock.
Mr. BINGHAM. I accept the suggestion,
and modify my motion accordingly. 1 desire
it to be understood that there will be no vote
taken till to-morrow.
Mr. ROSS. I suggest that the debate be
limited to half an hour for each speaker, in
order that more members may have an oppor-
tunity to be heard.
The SPEAKER. That motion can be made
after the present one is disposed of. This can
be decided by a majority.
The motion of Mr. Bistcham was agreed to ;
and the House accordingly resolved to take a
recess from half past four o'clock till seven
o'clock this evening, the evening session to be
for debate only.
LIMITATION OF DEBATE.
Mr. ROSS. I move that each member be
limited to half an hour in the discussion this
evening.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous
consent.
RECONSTRUCTION AGAIN.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, from
the manner in which some of the gentlemen
upon this side of the House speak of the acting
President, I arti led to think that they are upon
the stool of repentance for their vote on the
question of impeachment. If not now, I appre-
hend from the signs of the times that tWey will,
ere long, regret their course in opposing the
impeachment of that officer, guilty, as he most
assuredlyhas been, of the grossest usurpations.
If by his power, influence, and patronage, ex-
erted in opposition to the loyal people Of the
South, the wrong should triumph aha the right
be crushed, the victims eannot shake their gory
locks at me and say that f did it.
Sir, the object of this hill, as of the former
bills passed by Congress upon the same sub-
ject, is to provide by law the proper means to
earry into effeet that clause in the Constitution
of the United States gnarantying a republican
form of government to every State, and thus
to enable the people of the lately rebellious
States to organize republican governments.
The first section of the bill declares that in the
States named there are no civil governments
republican in form. And the remaining Sec-
tions of the bill provide means for the more
speedy enforcement of the liiws heretofore
passed to organize governments in those
States.
Now, sir, is the declaration in the first sec-
tion of the bill, that in the States named therein
there exists no legal governments republican
in form, true? If it is not true; if thei"e art
legal governments in those States republican
in form, then there is no cause for the passage
of this bill. If it is true, then most assuredly
it is the duty of some proper power, having the
authority for that purpose, to see to it that those
States are speedily guarantied legal govern-
ments republican in form.
When the ten States named in the bill en-
tered into the rebellion against the Govern-
ment and compassed its overthrow the people
of those States voluntarily set aside- and de-
stroyed their previously existing State govern-
ments, and Set up in their stead new and strange
governments in opposition and hostility to the
Government of the United States. For the
purpose of overthrowing such rebel govern-
ments the United State8 prosecuted a war
against them for nearly four years—a war which
cost the Government untold millions of treas-
ure and the lives of hundreds of thousands of
its best citizens, and after a long and bloody
struggle succeeded in totally overthrowing and
and destroying such rebel governments.
What, then, was the condition of those
States at the close of that war? Most obvi-
ously, sir, they were destitute of any civil gov-
ernment. They had themselves destroyed their
old governments and set up others, which had
an actual existence four years, and they were
in turn destroyed by the power of the United
States; and thus they were left without any
governments. I desire to refer the gentlemen
upon the opposite side to the language of the
President in his proclamation of May 20,1805,
! organizing a provisional government in the
State of North Carolina; and I refer to this
with more confidence in the weight to be given
it by them because the aeting President has
recently been rebaptized into the Democratic
church, and is now a member in good and reg-
j ular standing. I trust he may show more
1 fidelity to his new friends than he has to those
who placed him in power.
[ In the proclamation of May 29, 1865, for the
1 organization of a provisional government in
the State of North Carolina—a paper drawn
up undoubtedly with great care—Mr. Johnson
used the following language:
I "Wherens the rebellion which has been waged by
a portion of the people of the United States against
j the properly constituted authorities of the Govern-
' mcnt thereof," * * * * "has, in its
revolutionnryoonrse, deprived thepeople of theState'
of North Carolina of all oivil government; and.
whereas it becjines necessary and proper to carry out
and enforce tho obligations of the United States to
the people of North Carolina in securing them in
! the enjoyment of a republican form of government:
! Now. therefore, I. Andrew Johnson, do appoint Win.
AV. Jlolden provisional Governor of the State of
North Carolina."
Now,- sir, here is one point, at least, upon
which the Executive and Congress agree per-'
fectly, namely: that at the close of the war the
States which had been in rebellion were with-
out any form or kind of civil government.
Then, if they have since that time had anjr
civil governments, they must have been- insti-
tuted by proper authority. The States being
without any civil governments, the Constitu1
tlon devolved upon the United States the duty
of guarantying them such governments, repub-
lican in form. Upon what department of the)
United States Government was this duty de-
volved ?
And hefe, sir, upon this' point has arisen the
difference between the present acting President
of tlie United States and Congress. Congress,
as. the supreme legislative power of the country,
claims that prerogative. The acting President
denies it, and claims it for the executive office.
He saw fit at the close Of the war, instead of
calling a session of Congress, as he should have
dene at so important a juncture in the history
of the country, to take the power in his own
hands, and upon his o<vn discretion to decide
that those States' were without civil govern-
ments, and to organize for them governments
called by him "provisional governments," ap-
pointing governors, prescribing the qualifica-
tions of electors, dictating to the people of
those States what they should do, and what
they should not do, and exercising over them
as arbitrary powers as any despot ever assumed;
and all this without any authority from or any
consultation with any other department of the
Government, and in this way set up the only
kind of governments that have existed in those
States since the rebellion.
Sir, I deny in toto the authority of the Presi-
dent to do such acts or exercise such powers.
I defy any gentleman upon this floor to place
his finger upon a single clause in the Constitu-
tion of the United States giving any such pow-
ers to the Executive, directly or indirectly; it
cannot be done. I affirm that in doing these
acts the President exercised high powers not
granted to him by the letter or spirit of the
Constitution, authority not coming to him
through that instrument. In his late message
to Congress the President uses the following
language:
"Ifthe authority we desire to use does not come
to us through the Constitution we can exercise it only
by usurpation, and usurpation is the most dangerous
of political crimes.."
Now, sir, the authority he has thus exer-
cised does not come to him through the Consti-
tution, and by his own admission he is guilty
