1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4005
elections of the South, to manipulate and con-
trol the southern States; and it costs, not the
$1,500,000 as pretended here, not the $6,000,-
000, as alleged by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] but the $15,000,000
proved by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, j
[Mr. Boyer.] This enormous sum is to be im-
posed upon the tax-rid den dupes of the North,
tools of the North in that respect. We are to
be ground to powder by taxation solely for the
purpose of keeping up northern electioneering
agents in ten States of the South to manipulate
and control elections in those States.
Mr. PIKE. I wish to ask the gentleman a
question.
Mr. BROOKS. Not out of my time. My
time is precious.
Mr. ELIOT. How much longer does the
gentleman ask?
Mr. BROOKS. Five minutes.
Mr. ELIOT. I yield five minutes longer to
the gentleman.
Mr. BROOKS. Why not move that it shall
expire on the 1st of November or December
next, when this Congress reassembles ? Why
have it expire at some indefinite time ? The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] is
generally frank in his political maneuvers. I
will not use those words, but in his political
manipulations and intentions. Why not, if
he intends to end this bureau, end it Decem-
ber 1, in a frank and honorable way, instead
of these ambiguous terms extending it over all
time. And I tell the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Eliot] he may as well end this
Freedmen's Bureau at one time as another.
Our northern countrymen, our western coun-
trymen, cannot longer manipulate and control
the negroes of the South, There is an instinct
even higher than intelligence and education,
because it is God given. The instinct of
the negro is at last discovering that he is being
used, as his donkey or mule or his horse is
used, by northern adventurers for the purpose
of riding into the capital of the United States
from the plantations of the South. The Freed-
men's Bureau had as well be ended at first as
at last. Its day is over, or nearlj over, and
it will be hardly able to manipulate the negroes
during the election. The instinetof the negro
has discovered at last, as in Mississippi and
southern Georgia, what is the object and
intent of this Freedmen's Bureau, and there
soon will be an end to it throughout the south-
ern States. I thank the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts for the opportunity he has given me,
so seldom given to my side of the House.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask leave to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot yield for that purpose.
Mr. ADAMS. Allow it to be reported?
Mr. ELIOT. I will hear it read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause in section
two, and insert the following:
That said bureau shall be immediately withdrawn
and discontinued in all the States now represented
inCongress.and shall bediseontinuedintheremain-
ing States, as soon as they shall be restored to their
former political relations with the Government of
the United States.
Mr. ADAMS. Will the gentleman allow
me five minutes to state why that amendment
should be adopted?
Mr. ELIOT. There is no use, as I could
not let the amendment be offered. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky is opposed to the Freed-
men's Bureau. He has been consistently
opposed to it from the beginning, and I do
not know but if I were in his situation and
represented the political feelings he does on the
general subjects embraced in the bureau I
should feel as he does. I have been familiar
also with the opinions of the distinguished
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Bkooks.]
From the inception of the bureau to the pres-
ent time he has been one of its most bitter
opponents.
Now, sir, there have been some things said
by the gentleman from New York which 1 heard
indistinctly, but to which I propose to reply
brielly. It is of no use, so far as the gentleman
and his political associates are concerned, for
me to state again, as I have before, the precise
expense which this bureau has been to the
Treasury of the United States; because these
same old stories are reiterated which have been
commenced at the White House and reechoed
through the Democratic prints, that the ex-
penses of the bureau have ranged from ten
to twenty million dollars. Sir, on the 1st of
January last, every dollar that had come out
of the Treasury for the support of this bureau,
from its commencement, was between three
and four million dollars, beside the amount of
stores and clothing issued from the quarter-
master's department. In the bill passed in
July, 186G, no appropriation at all in money
was made. From the first inception of the
bureau down to the present hour there has not
been an appropriation by Congtess of a sum
equal to the smallest amount that the gentle-
men have charged against it as its annual cost.
I wish to say in this connection that besides
the speech which 1 had the honor to make here
some time ago I took a great deal of care and
pains to prepare a report upon this "subject,
showing the precise expenses and the opei'ation
of the bureau under General Howard; show-
ing the good it had done and the evil it had
prevented. Gentlemen will find in the folding
room at their credit some twenty or thirty
copies of that report, in which I assure them
they will find material to answer all the charges
which have been made against this bureau on
account of its expenses. They will find more-
over that, had it not been for the unprecedented
and unexpected animosity which the measure
received at the hands of the Executive, by the
provision which was made in the first bill all
the expenses that the bureau could have
charged upon the treasury of the United States
could have been paid out of funds which should
have been appropriated to the bureau from
rebel sources. It was designed that the rebel-
lion which created the war should pay for the
whole expense of this bureau, and that would
have been the case but for the fact that the
rebels, pardoned and unpardoned, with their
hands red with the blood of Union men, prop-
erty by the thousand was turned over by the
President taken tiom the bureau under whose
charge it was, in order that the expenses might
be thus defrayed.
Now, sir, the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] will pardon me for saying he
has made a statement unjust, unfair, and untrue
againt the gentleman who now holds the ofiice
of Commissioner of this bureau, because he has
recently been building a house for himself in
the city of Washington, i do not, of course,
impute to him the making of a statement that
he does not believe. But, sir, 1 do not believe
there can be found a man more upright in his
dealing than the Commissioner of this bureau.
I have known him long. 1 believe him to be a
man of high integiity, and one ot the last that
would permit himself to be made richer by a
single dollar from the public money that does
not legitimately belong to him from the salary
he receives as a major general of the Army.
Sir, when General Howard went into the
Army he had a few thousand dollars. During
the existence of the war he by great economy
saved a few thousand dollars more out of which
he has built a house, putting in it all he has,
and being compelled to give security, as I under-
stand, for the payment of the full indebtinent.
General Howard has laid on the battle-field of
his country his light arm, and I believe he
would consign the other in companionship with
it before he would permit himself to be a party
to any transaction involving a taint of pecuniary
fraud. It isnotfair because of certain personal
hostilities which have grown up against him in
the church with which he is connected, about
which I do not propose to speak, that gentle-
men ordinarily so careful should throw out
slurs and reproach upon his private character.
Gentlemen should not permit themselves to be
organs of communication through this House
to the country of stories like that to which
allusion was made.
As regards the remark of the gentleman from
New York in reference to the proviso con-
tained in the printed bill, I will say to him
that the bill on the Speaker's table does not
contain that proviso. It was stricken out in
the Senate, although it was reported to the
Senate by the committee; so that the bill
stands free from that objectionable feature-
objectionable in the view of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks]—although I
believe myself that the provision was wise and
proper. _ The gentleman complains that this
bill provides for the termination of the bureau.
It is very well known that when the first law
was passed creating it it was designed in its
nature to be temporary. Why, sir, if it had
not been for Andrew Johnson and those who
have supported him the bureau would have
ceased to exist before this time. It would have
discharged all its work. It lias been opposed
and hindered at every step. That it has en-
countered the animosity of gentlemen from the
southern States, such men as Wade Hampton
and Forrest; that ithas encountered the opposi-
tion of such men as General Rousseau of Ken-
tucky, and all those men who were disposed
to crush down the negro and permit the rebel
to control now, after defeat in the field, as he
did control before in council, I am not sur-
prised. But I apprehend that there are gen-
tlemen now on this floor who, if it were need-
ful, would come to the rescue of this bureau
and would show that the loyal men—the loyal
white men in the South—have had no agency
like, that of this bureau to sustain them at
home in their strife and struggle with rebels.
This bill peremptorily terminates the life of the
bureau on the 1st of January. It is believed
that under existing circumstances it would not
be safe or prudent for the operations of this
bureau to be discontinued at an earlier day
than that. We were disposed to let the coun-
try see that although this measure in its charac-
ter was temporary, although it has been con-
tinued against our desires, because of the
animosity which has been exercised toward
it, the hostility shown to it by the Executive
aud his friends, yet that we were disposed at
the very first moment practicable to withdraw
its operations, leaving the fate of the negroes
and of the loyal whiles in the hands of their
own respective States.
Mr. ALLISON. I understand the gentleman
to say that the bureau is to be absolutely with-
drawn on the 1st day of January. I suggest
that it would be better to strike out the words
" as soon as the same maybe done without
injury to the Government." I think that may
not be quite clear.
Mr. VVASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the gentleman from Massachusetts will agree
to that amendment.
Mr. ELIOT. The object of those words is
simply this: if the provision is peremptory
that on the 1st of January it shall be with-
drawn, no fact, however important to the Gov-
ernment, could permit it to continue another
day. I will consent, however, to the amend-
ment being offered.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I move to strike out
the words "as soon as the same may be done
without injury to the Government." That will
require the Commissioner to withdraw the
bureau absolutely on the 1st of January.
Mr. ELIOT. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Arnell.]
Mr. ARNELL. I hope sincerely that the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] will not prevail, and in
order to show the necessity for the continuance
of the bureau, and that it is best that the time
of its withdrawal should be left indefinite, I
! ask' the Clerk to read an article from one of
j! the Nashville papers ieeei\ed to-day.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Ku-Ktux—Murders, robberies, mid outrages by the
Kltm—School teachiiij and „Bible reading proscribed.
Accounts reach us from Giles, Marshal), Hamilton,
and Bedford counties of Jresh outrages perpetrated
by t.heKu-Klux on colored people. The 'nonovspr.ic-
ticed by these wretches srow more nucn.-ely black
every day. Tliey roam thruugh the country and per-
