574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
of usurpation. These late pretended govern-
ments are the creatures of usurpation, and are
void ab initio. The power to reorganize gov-
ernments in those States and to guaranty them
republican governments is in Congress and
Congress alone. Go to the Constitution; its
provisions are plain; so plain that they need
not be misunderstood. Article four, section
four, from which the President claimed to
derive the authority for his acts, reads as fol-
lows:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government."
This power is here given, not to the Presi-
dent nor to Congress directly, but to the Gov-
ernment in general terms. Then the question
arises, in which department does the Consti-
tution vest the execution of this duty ? I claim
that all the powers vested in the Government
and not expressly granted to the other depart-
ments are vested in Congress. The executive
and the judicial departments have no powers
other than those expressly granted; they have
no implied powers. All the implied powers
of the Government are in Congress. If any
power is granted to the Government and the
Constitution is silent as to which of the depart-
ments shall exercise such power it is in Con-
gress. This is plain by the eighteenth clause
of section eight, article one, which reads as
follows:
" Congress shall have power to make all laws which
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into exe-
cution the foregoing powers, and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in the Government of
the United States, or in any department or officer
thereof."
Now, sir, this "guarantee"' power is vested
in the " United States" Government, and this
last quoted section provides that Congress
shall have the power to make all laws neces-
sary for the carrying into execution such power.
It seems to me that these provisions are so
plain that there ought to be no difference of
opinion in relation to them. Now, sir, at this
point I desire to introduce the opinion of a
great statesman of the past, one who, while
greatly in error upon the question of State
rights, was yet one of the greatest writers of
this or any other country, and his peculiar
views upon State rights should give to his
opinion hdte introduced greater weight, cer-
tainly with the people of South Carolina, who
deny so stoutly our power here. His opinion
should be entitled to great weight, and State
rights Democrats certainly will not question the
authority. I refer to John C. Calhoun, and
request the Clerk to read from page 21^,
volume one, of Calhoun's works.
The Clerk read as follows:
"I shall begin with the legislative department,
which in all popular governments must be the most
prominent and, at least in theory, the strongest. Its
powers arc rested in Congress. To it all the func-
tionaries of the other two departments are respon-
sible through the impeaching power, while its mem-
bers are responsible only to the people of their
respective States: those of the Senate to them in
their corporate character as States; and those of the
House ot Representatives in their individual char-
acter as citizens of the several States. To guard its
members more effectually against the control of the
other two departments they are privileged from
arrest in all cases, except lor treason, felony, and
breach of the peace, during their attendance on the
session of their respective Houses and in going to
and returning from the same; and from being ques-
tioned in any other place for any speech or debate in
either House. It possesses besides, by an express
provision of the Constitution, all the discretionary
powers vested in the Government, whether the same
appertain to the legislative, executive, or judicial
departments. It is to be found in the firs«t article,
eighth section, eighteenth clause, which declares that
Congress shall have power 'to make'all laws neces-
sary and proper for carrying into execution .the fore-
going powers.' (those vested in Congress.) 'and all
other powers vested by the Constitution in the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or in any depart-
ment or officer thereof.' This clause is explicit. It
includes all that are usually called 'implied powers;'
that is, powers to carry into effect those expressly
delegated, and vests them expressly in Congress
so clearly as to exclude the possibility of doubt.
Neither the judicial department nor any officer of
the Government can exercise any power not ex-
pressly and by name vested in them either by the
Constitution or by an act of Congress; nor can they
exercise any implied power in carrying them into
execution without the express sanction of law."
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. The gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] claimed on yes-
terday that Congress cannot derive the power
to reconstruct these States from section four
of article four, for the reason that as no gov-
ernments existed, that could not be guarantied
| which does not exist. Now, sir, this view
would make that provision of the Constitution
a fallacy. According to him, as long as the
power is not needed it exists, but the moment
it is needed it at once ceases to exist; assuredly
as lonjj as republican governments exist the
power is not needed. Suppose that the State
of Wisconsin should destroy her present repub-
lican government and set up one anti-repub-
lican in its stead. Where is the remedy for
the minority of the people of that State? There
must be a remedy. Is it in the executive
power of the President? Could he forthwith
decide for himself that the new government
was anti-republican and appoint a provisional
governor, as he did in North Carolina, and
orgauizc a provisional government? I appre-
hend he would not attempt such high-handed
power with-the citizens of that gallant State.
Where, then, is the remedy? The gentleman
says it is not in Congress under the guarantee
section for the reason that no republican gov-
ernment exists, and that cannot be guarantied
which has no existence. The argument is
fallacious. The Government has the power in
; such case to guaranty; the grant of this power
j i is the grant of all necessary powers to carry
11 such power into effect. Consequently, under
j1 the " guarantee" section taken in connection
with the oighteenth clause of section eight,
article one, the Government, acting through
Congress, has the implied power; first, to
declare whether such government is republican
in form or not, and having declared it not to
11 be; second, to pass all needful laws to carry
the "guarantee" into effect, one of which
would be to provide for the institution of a
government where none existed, and then
having instituted it to guaranty its existence.
I beg leave to refer again on this point to the
writings of Mr. Calhouu. On page 332 of the
work before referred to I find the following:
" Take, for illustration, what is called the ' guaran-
tee section' of the Constitution, which, among ether
things, provides that 'the United States shall guar-
anty to every State a republican form of govern-
ment, and protect each of them, on application of
the executive, (when the Legislature cannot be con-
vened.) against domestic violence.' Conuress, of
course, as the representative of the United States, in
its legislative capacity, has the rightto make lawsto
carry these guarantees into execution. This involves
the right, in reference to the first, to determine what
form of government is republican."
The gentleman from Wisconsin must not
wander from the old land-marks of the party
or disregard the teachings of its fathers. But,
sir, the President, in his North Carolina proc-
lamation, in which he alleges that no civil
governments existed in that State, predicates
his right to institute governments upon this
"guarantee" section. The only mistake he
made was in presuming that he constituted the
United States. Sir, I claim, then, that it is
true that no civil governments exist in said
States ; that those pretended governments set
up by the President are void ; and that Con-
gress not only has the power but that it is the
duty of Congress, made such hy the Consti-
tution, to guaranty republican governments
to said States; to pass the proper and needful
laws for that purpose ; and, when governments
are formed, to decide whether or not they are
republican in form before they shall be valid ;
and when governments are formed by proper
authority and decided to be republican by
Congress, then, and not till then, should those
States be admitted to the places and position
in the Government from which they by their
voluntary action withdrew for the purpose of
destroying the Government; and the only rea-
son they are nowclaiming their forfeited rights
is because they had not the power to over-
throw the Government and blot it from the
map of the nations of the earth.
The gentleman from New York who makes
the minority report seems to lay great stress
upon the fact that four of the States named in
the bill were of the original thirteen which
framed the Constitution. Sir. does that in any
manner afTect the power of Congress over such
States or lessen the guilt or responsibility of
their people? By no means. It adds to their
guilt. They are, it is true, of the oldest States.
But, sir, age does not always bring virtue nor
experience wisdom. I can point the gentleman
to a new State in the far West, the eastern bor-
der of which is laved by the Father of Waters—
a State which waa a wilderness inhabited by
savages and wild beasts for forty years after
the time when these four States participated in
framingthis Government. Andyet, when these
ancient and honored States raised their parri-
cidal hands to destroy the Government they
had assisted to create, this new State of the'
West rushed to its rescue, and sent to the bat-
tle-field in its defense eighty thousand soldiers
as brave as ever trod the green earth. It need
not be told to the people of Iowa to-day that
because South Carolina was one of the '' ori-
ginal thirteen" she is above the power of the
united States to guaranty her a republican
form of government. You may tell them that,
sir, but they will not believe you.
It is exceedingly unfortunate for the country,
and especially so for the rebel States, that the
President has seen fit to continue his contest
with the legislative power of the country. Had
ha acquiesced in the action of Congress, in-
dorsed as it has been time and again by the
loyal 'people of the land, those States would
to-day have been represented in these Halls
and fully restored. I believe it to be the will
and the settled determination of the loyal peo-
ple of this land—they who have always been
true to their flag, they who by immense sacri-
fices have saved the llepublic from threatened
destruction, and restored its authority, they
whose brothers and sons in countless numbers
lie unknelled and uncoffined where they fell
in defense of the Government, on the hills, in
the valleys, and along the rivers of the South—■
that before these States are readmitted and
restored to their former relations there shall
be sufficient guarantees in the proper construc-
tion of their governments; that the people
shall never be called upon to fight down another
rebellion. They ask no indemnity for the past.
They submit to lose all they have of treasure
and of life, but they do demand, and they have
a right to demand, security for the future. And
I say to gentlemen who seem to be flattering
themselves with the idea that upon this ques-
tion a reaction is taking place among the people
of the North, "lay not that flattering unction
to your souls."
The people, upon this question, were never
more determined than they are to-day.. There
is too much good sense among the people of
this Government to permit, them to so act as
to throw away all they have gained for them-
selves, for their country, and for the cause of
universal liberty, by their untold sacrifices
made in the suppression of the most accursed
and unnatural rebellion that has stained the
annals of history. And, sir, when the issue is
fairly made, as it will be in the next presiden-
tial election, whether the loyal people of the
land shall be robbed of the fruits of their glo-
rious struggle and the Government placed in
the hands of those who have endeavored to
destroy it, or whether it shall be retained in the
control of those who saved it, I have no fears
of the result. For after the sacrifices and
struggles and glorious triumphs of the past eight
years it would be criminal in me to doubt the
intelligence and patriotism of the people and
their ability to carry this Government safely
through the most severe trials, unawed by fear
and undeceived by sophistry.
_Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, the President
will, of course, veto this bill. He will proba-
bly give us the same reasons which he lias so
often given us for vetoing and opposing our
reconstruction acts. He will denounce, as in
his Texas proclamation of August 20, 1866,
and in his veto of our last reconstruction bill,
and in his last annual message he denounced
this legislation, as inconsistent with the decla-
