1958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
community. I accord to them just what I
claim for myself, the right to say that every man
•who follows my business shall by his vote and
influence aid me in keeping up in the State
aud nation a just balance between it and other
rival interests; and when I see designing men
rousing the prejudices of white laborers to in-
duce them to keep down their own just polit-
ical power by keeping disfranchised a large
portion of their business I cannot help sound-
ing the alarm though it is needless. The man
who attempts to do this pays but a sorry com-
pliment to the intelligence of his countrymen.
To those who, like the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks,] urge the inferiority and
ignorance of the blacks as a reason for deny-
ing them political rights, I reply: that is the
argument against granting such rights to the
masses of white men in England. The right
of voting there is confined to a class quite as
select and intelligent as our Democratic poli-
ticians, but we do not find the country any the
better governed for it.
Fraud is much more to be feared in the bal-
lot-box than ignorance, and the greater the
number of voters the less the opportunity for
fraud. Hitherto our political dangers have not
arisen among those who held their power by
the voice of the people. If universal suffrage
had been established fifty years ago the rebel-
lion would have been an impossibility.
The argument founded upon ignorance and
inferiority comes with an ill grace from those
who a [feet to fear that five million blacks will
be an over match for thirty million whites,
unless kept down by political disabilities.
What a commentary is this upon the boasted
superiority of the white race ! But such ap-
peals to the weak side of human nature deserve
no answer. He who seriously liol is up negro
domination as a thing to bo feared in this coun-
try is to be pitied as a coward; and he who
does it fraudulently is to be despised as worse.
Republicanism, though in strict accord with
the best interests of the masses of men, has
its foundation in far nobler considerations—
the eternal principles of truth and justice, the
equality of man in the sight of his Maker. The
little mind, proud always in proportion to its
littleness, moving in its microscopic circle,
wraps itself up in its petty bundle of selfish
interests and thinks that it, its household, its
family, its race, constitutes the one sole end
and aim of the Almighty's care. Such a mind
rejects with scorn everything that does not
square with its own little measure. To it the
parable of the good Samaritan is wholly un-
intelligible, and if it dared it would accuse the
Author of that parable of " sickly sentimen-
tality," because he taught that human rights
and duties are not circumscribed by the bound-
aries of race or nation. To such a mind the
doctrine of the universal brotherhood of man,
first taught on the mountain in Judea, is as
utterly meaningless as would bo a dissertation
on music to the deaf or a description of the
rainbow to the blind.
In conclusion, permit mo to say, let there be
no war of races in America; and to guard
against such a calamity let every man accord
to his neighbor that just share in the conducting
of public affairs which ho claims for himself.
Above all, let us not load down the weak, the
poor, and the ignorant with political disabili-
ties. Surely we have advantages enough in
the race of life which God lias placed before
us all without making them bear the burden.
Let all who are asked to obey the laws have an
equal voice in making them. Let all the rival-
ing interests of humanity be equally repre-
sented in the common Government. Then
will that great distinguishing characteristic
of American society, the general diffusion of
wealth and knowledge, be increased and per-
petuated, making us an example of justice and
prosperity to the world.
Mr. Speaker, my hour, I believe, has not
expired, and I yield to my colleague [Mr.
Woodward] for a question.
Mr. WOODWARD. I merely wish to ask
my colleague whether we have a republican
government in the State of Pennsylvania ?
Mr. BROOMALL. The gentleman has
failed to bear the whole of my remarks, or he
would answer that question for himself by say-
ing that in that particular we have not a re-
publican form of government in Pennsylvania.
We had prior to 1838. Before 1838 we had
no hereditary disfranchisement. Now we
have such disfranchisement. I have main-
tained that hereditary disfranchisement is anti-
republican.
Mr. WOODWARD. I am obliged to ask the
gentleman one other question. 1 wish to know
whether he, as a lawyer, is so ill-read in tlie
legal reports of his own State as not to know
that the supreme court of Pennsylvania de-
cided that, under the constitution of 1790, the
word "freeman" meant white freeman; and
that the introduction of the word 11 white"
into the constitution of 1837 did not in cffect
alter the constitution a particle ?
Mr. BROOMALL. My colleague knows
very well the history of that transaction. He
was one of the men who put that anti-repub-
lican feature into the constitution of Pennsylva-
nia. I was a boy at that time reading law, and
was very glad to listen to the gentleman occa-
sionally. lie knows perfectly well that that
decision of the supreme court was made in a
casegot up by the judges of the supreme court
for the purpose of preventing the people from
adopting the now constitution. The word
"white" in the new constitution was regarded
as being put in for the purpose of carrying the
constitution with the people, and these supreme
•judges who were legislated out of office by the
same constitution got up a case in which they
decided that the word "white" was construct-
ively in the old constitution. I guess my col-
league laughed at them; I know every other
lawyer in Pennsylvania did; and I know he
acted as if he laughed at them, for he was one
of those who insisted on putting the word act-
ually in the document he assisted in framing,
and it was put in. The thing was a political
trick, and it has been ridiculed and laughed at
by the profession ever since in Pennsylvania,
just as the Dred Scott decision has been ridi-
culed and laughed at in the United States.
Mr. WOODWARD. My colleague has not
answered my question. I asked him whether
he did not know* that by the highest judicial
authority in the State of Pennsylvania it has
been adjudicated that even before the adoption
of the constitution of 1837, in which the word
"white" was inserted, negroes or people of
color had not the right to vote in Pennsylvania?
Mr. BROOMALL. I know that while the
convention of 1837 was sitting the judges of
the supreme court, as I have said, got up a
case for the purpose of saving their seats, and
they decided what my colleague himself did
not believe at the time to be sound, that the
word "white" was constructively in the old
constitution, so that in that respect there should
be no difference between the old and the new
constitution.
Mr. WOODWARD. My colleague now ad-
mits that before the word "white" was put
into the constitution of Pennsylvania the high-
est judicial authority in that State had decided
that in the then existing constitution the word
"white" was implied. Now, that constitution
was adopted in 1790; and I ask the gentleman
whether we had a republican government in
Pennsylvania in 1790?
Mr. BROOMALL. I know that the decision
of the supreme court of Pennsylvania was to
the effect described by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania; but 1 ask him whether ho him-
self was not on that bench at times when de-
cisions of the supreme court were reversed? I
will remind him of the class of eases in regard
to constructive estates tail, in which the court
turned itself clear upside down within a brief
period, [laughter,] he concurring in both de-
cisions. What is a decision of the supreme
court of our unfortunate State worth after that?
[Laughter. ]
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to Bay a few
words in reply to what the gentleman has
urged against the old judges of the supreme
court who are dead and gone. In respect to
anything he says against living men who have
been in that position, I have nothing to say. I
take this opportunity to say, for the informa-
tion of my colleague and others, that when I
came into this House I came resolved to spend
not one minute of the public time, or one
dollar of the public money, in defense of my-
self ; and although I have had the honor to be
criticised by a large number of gentlemen on
the Republican side of the House, 1 have said
nothing by way of personal explanation. My
life, which has been a very poor and imperfect
one, is upon the record, and gentlemen may
study i t. The only favor I have to ask from my
assailants is what 1 have asked once before, that
when they assail me they should appeal to the
record, to authentic documents, instead of
going down into the gutters and gatlieripg the
garbage they find there. That is all I have to
say about personal assaults.
Nor will I spend one moment of time-in re-
ply to the insinuations of my colleague in regard
to the decisions of the supreme court of Penn-
sylvania during the time I had the honor of
being connected with it. But as to what ho
has said about the supreme court in 1837,
when they decided under the constitution of
1790 the negro man had no right to vote, I do
ask the privilege of the House to make a few
words of explanation.
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has expired, and the
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Knott.]
Mr. WOODWARD. I hope I will be per-
mitted to proceed.
Mr. KELLEY. I hope my colleague will
be allowed half an hour.
Mr. WOODWARD. I only ask a few m:n
utes. I ask it in behalf of the dead and i.jt
the living.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the gentleman will be allowed half an hour.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman has
spoken of the case of Hobbes aud Fogg, which
gentlemen will find reported in 6 Watts's Re-
ports, about page 558, as a "got-up case."
Now, I state to the House what I know in the
premises. The case of Hobbes and Fogg ori-
ginated in the county in which I dwell, the
county of Luzerne. It was a case brought by
a colored man against the inspector of an elec-
tion for refusing to take his vote at that elec-
tion. It was tried before the late Judge Scott
in the common pleas of Luzerne county ; and
the colored man recovered in that action. The
defendant, who was the election inspector, took
the case to the supreme court of Pennsylvania,
and it was argued before the then judges of that
court, at Sunbury, in the summer of 1837. One
of the counsel in the case is the present Judge
Conyngham, who presides now in the common
pleas of Luzerne county. The judges of the
supreme court held the case under consider-
anon until the succeeding winter, the winter of
1838. At the time that ease was argued be-
fore them the convention, of which my vener-
able friend [Mr. Stevens] and myself had the
honor of being members, known as the reform
convention for amending the constitution of
Pennsylvania, was in session in Harrisbuig.
They adjourned about the same time, some
time in July, until the succeeding fall, and met
in Philadelphia for the residue of their session.
When it was in session the supreme court was
also in session in Philadelphia and decided the
case of Hobbes and Fogg, not a got-up e.ise as
the gentleman alleges, but a bona fide law suit,
originating in the county of Luzerne, between
parties whom I know.
The supreme court in January, 1838, decided
that case, and the report of their decision may
be seen in 0 Watt.s's Reports, which i3 to be
found in the law library. The chief justice of
