458
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July. 16,
Ho. 03? Eeps.
Appeal to the Southern Whigs—3h\ Maynard.
40tjh: Cong....2i> Sess,
silent and hopeless. As late as 1849 Mr. Clay,
the great Whig leader, publicly advocated
gradual emancipation and urged its adoption
into the new constitution of Kentucky. He
was always an emancipationist. The end of
slavery was a necessity of the war; the protec-
tion and enfranchisement of the colored race
were bat the logical sequel.
In this connection the great improvements
of the national capital should not be over-
looked. One of the most affecting proofs of
sublime faith in our destiny was the daily click
of th^ chisel upon the public buildings, never
otice intermitted during the war, even when the
hostile flag was visible from the Dome of the Cap-
itol. Ourfinancialsuccess wasdemonstrated by
the increase of wealth and individual prosperity,
while the enormous, public demands never
failed to meet a supply. A diplomacy, patient,
forbearing, and always just, effectually defeat-
ing a predetermined intervention in our do-
mestic strife, has at length achieved for us a
place among the nations never reached before.
No longer hostile or indifferent, each is emu-
lous to outvie the rest in doing honor to our
flag. Whatever this party has undertaken it
has accomplished; whatever it shall under-
take it will accomplish, so long as with faith
and courage it adheres to the great principles
of national union, individual freedom, and
human progress. It is the party of the future,
a live, not a lost cause.
But it was not of the general merits or the
alleged demerits of the Union Republican
party that I proposed to speak to-night. I
have purposely limited mj'self to the aspects
of the party as it is presented to the anti-seces-
sion part of the southern people and from their
point of view. The character of a party usu-
ally appears in fhat of its representative men ;
I mean its chosen and not its self-appointed
chieftains. The character of Mr. Lincoln, the
first and greatest Republican leader, for those
qualities which have secured for him au abid-
ing place in the respect and affections of man-
kind, has already become historic. I turn to
him who has been selected as the successor of
Lincoln, the Genex-al of our armies, the in-
vincible commander whose name stands as the
synonym of victory.
ulyssjes s. grant.
In the character of General Grant, his history
and his acts, is found the best epitome of the
party which I call upon the Union men of the
South to support. Not a politician, never hav-
ing held a civil office, as I ever heard, before
the war. having withdrawn from the Army to
private life when it seemed altogether improb-
able that the nation which had educated him
would ever again become involved in war or
have any further use for his services as a sol-
dier, subsisting and supporting his family by
unostentatious industry, devoting his leisure to
a professional study of the theory of the great
art for which he had been educated, but which
it seemed not likely he ever would practice,
there was, of course, little in his personal his-
tory, to say nothing of his politics, that a mere
golitician would find of any special interest.
!is_ political associations were with the old
Whig paity. His father was a Whig, and he
was educated in that school and acted with the
parly, as long as it continued in organization.
He is what, in the parlance of northern politics,
is called an "01d:lino Whig that is to say.
one who was nurtured in the party and adhered
to it until it went to pieces after the presidential
election m 1852, and then, as between the
Democratic and Republican parties, inclined
to the former. In the race for Congress in the
St. Louis district between Messrs. Barrett and
Fiank Clair, well recollected in this House,
lie voted for Mr. Barrett. Having in 1860 re-
moved '.'j Galena, Illinois, too recently to be a
voter ir. the presidential election of that year,
he took no part whatever in the contest. So
much I have deemed it necessary, and it is all
I have deemed it necessary to say of General
Grant's early political education and a??ocia-
tions, knowing fhat ati. effort has been made
to reconcile southern Whigs to the Democratic
party by representing liim. as having always
belonged to that party.
His career during the war is a largo portion
of its early, middle, and latter history, and can
be known and read by all who do not remem-
ber it in any of the multiplied books already
written. ' I refer to it not in demonstration of
his great military qualities, bat to invite the
attention of the southern people to the" display
of generosity, liberality, and humanity which
distinguished his movements from the day of
his taking command at Paducah to the surren-
der at Appomattox Court-House. No chief-
tain gained such multitudinous victories ; none
used them with such forbearance. His study
was to assert the authority of the Government,
and to suppress the rebellion with the least
practicable suffering, loss, and humiliation to
the vanquished. This purpose is emphatically
and tersely declared in his first proclamation,
the one addressed to the citizens of Paducah,
Kentucky, on taking command of thfcfc post in
September, 1801. At this time the document
is of great significance, and I give it entire;
proclamation.
To the citizens of Paducah :
I have come among you not as an .enemy, but as
your friend ond fellow-citizen; not to injure orannoy
you, but to respect the rights and to defend and cn-
lorce the rights of all loyal cittzens. An euemy in
rebellion against our common Governmenthas taken
possession of and planted his guns upon the soil of
Kentucky, and fired upon onrflng. Hickman and Co-
lumbus are in his hands. He is moving upon your
city. I am here to defend you against this enemy,
and to assert and maintain the authority and sover-
eignty ot your Government and mine. I have noth-
ing to do with opinions. I shall deal only with
armed rebellion and its aiders and abettors.
You can pursu<*yourusual avocations without fear
or hindcrance. The strong arm of thoGovernment is
i hero to protect its friends, and to punish only its
j enemies. Whenever it is manifest that you are able
j to defend yourselves, to maintain the authority of
, your Government, and pioteottiio rights of all its
| loyal citizens, T shall withdraw <he forces under my
; command from your city. U. S. GRANT.
| Brig. Gen. U. S. A., Commanding,
PaDUCaU, September 6, 1S61.
| The siege ofVickburgis too memorable to
! require or to justify more than an allusion. It
; resulted, you know, in the surrender of the
j city and its starving garrison of, I know not
j how many more than thirty thousand as pris-
| oners of war.
| Mr. LOGAN". Thirty-two thousand,
j Mr. MAYNABD. Thirty-two thousand, says
i my friend, who was prominently and very honor-
1 ably connected withthatcampaign. Tketerms
i of surrender were fixed by a convention between
j the two commanding generals, and I refer to
I it as an evidence of the forbearance, the gen-
1 erosity, ond wonderful liberality with which he
1 treated the men whom he had reduced into
: his power.
j On the 3d of July, (the year was 18G3,) Gen-
i eral Pemberton proposed to General Grant an
! armistice "to save/' so he said, "the further
, effusion of blood which must otherwise be shed
' to a frightful extent.'' General Grant declined
I the armistice, but said:
1 "The useless effusion of blood you propose stop-
; ping by this course can be ended at any time you may
I choose by an unconditional sui render of the city and
! gavriso-n. Men who have shown so iimch endurance
| and courage as those now in Vicksburg will always
i challenge the rcspect of an adversary, and I can
I assure you will bo treated with all the respcet due
; to prisoners of war."
"By agreement," so runs the military rec-
ord, "Generals Grant and Pemberton had an
interview on this day at three o'clock p. m."
, This ended with the following paper, which,
i with few and-slight modifications, contains the
I terms granted by the victor, which allowed his
' captive thousands to return to their homes
instead of being marched away to military
: prisons. To appreciate full}*, not only the
; humanity, but the grave responsibility assumed
; by this act of magnanimity to a defeated adver-
sary, it is Lecessary to bear in mind the excited
and embittered feeling,, both in' and out of the
Army, growing out of the treatment of our men
in southern prisons:
Headquarters Department of xke Tennessee,
' ' Neajj Vickssc'rg, xfulg'Si IStfJ.
gen'kual:" In conformity with agreement of this
afternoon 1 will submit the foituwlirj proposition for
the surrender ol ihe-city ot Ykkaburg, public Hares,"
&c.,.on your accepting the terms paoposcd. 1 wiil
march in one division as a guard and take possession
at eight a. m. to-morrow. As eoon as rolls can bo
made out and paroles signed by Ouiccrs and men you
will be allowed to march out of our lines, the officers
taking with them their sidc-armu and clothing, ami
the field, staff, and cavalry officers, one horse each.
The rank and'file will be allowed all their clothing,
but no other property. If these <o-oditious are ac-
cepted, any amount of rations you may deem neces-
sary can be taken from tho stores j ou now have, ami
also the necessaiy cooking utensils for preparing
them. Thirty wagons also, counting two two-horso
or mule teams as one, will be allowed to transport
such articles as cannot be carried along.
The same conditions will be allowed to all sick and
wounded officers and soldiers as fast as they become
able to travel. The paroles for these Latter must be
signed, however, while officers are present authorized
to sign the roll of prisoners.
I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient
ser van t, U. S. GRAN X,
M'tjot- General.
Lieutenant General J. C. Pemberton1. Commanding
Confederate forcce, Vickaburg, Mississippi.
' The surrender by General Lee of the great
army of'northern Virginia was another occa-
sion in which were displayed the grand moral
attiibutes which constitute the great warrior
also a great man. On the evening of the 7th
of April, (it is now 1865,) he addressed the fol-
lowing note to General Lee:
Headquarters Armies op the United States,
April 7,1835, o p. m.
The result of the last week must convince you of
the hopelessness of further resistance on the part of
the army of noithern Virginia in this struggle. I
feel that it is so, and regard it as my duty to shitt from
inysclt'the responsibility of any further effusion of
blood by asking of you tho surrender of that portion
of the confederate States army known as the army
of northern Virginia. U. S. GRANT,
LieiUenunt General 
Genoral R. E. Lee,
Commanding Confederate States Army.
This led to a meeting and to the acceptance
of the following terms of surrender :
Appomattox Court-House, Virgtxia,
April 9,18o5.
In accordance with the substance of my letter to
you of the 8Hi instant, I propose to receive the sur-
render of the army of northern Virginhi on the fol-
lowing terms, to wit: rolls of ail the officers and men
to be madd in duplicate, one copy to be given to an
officer to be designated by me, the other* to be re-
tained by puch officer or officers as you may desig-
nate. The officers to sivo their individual paroles
not to take up arms against the Government ot the
United States until properly exchanged, and each
company or regimental coremand eivngn a 'ike parole
for tne men of theircornm.mds. Thearms, artillery,
and public piopeny to be packed and stacked and
turned over to the officers appointed by me toreceivo
thorn. This will not embrace the side-arms of the
officers, nor their private horses or baggage. Tfiis
done each officer and man will bo allowed to return
to their homes, riot to be disturbed by United States
authority so long as they observe their paroles and
the laws in lorce where they may reside.
U. S. GRANT,
Lieutenant General.
General R. E. Lee,
Commanding Confederate States Army.
Another incident of the surrender, not ap-
pearing upon the papers, but well known to
all present and to every soldier in the southern
army, is thus related by an eye-witness:
"After the execution of the terms of surrender.
General Lee remarked,in substance, to Grant: Gen-
eral, there is one thing I forgot to mention, and it is
now probably too late to apeak of it. By our service
cavalrymen and some of the artillerymen own their
houses. When General Grant, interrupting, said, m
substance,^that, such being the case, the men might,
retain their horses the same as was granted to the
officers, and that he would so instruct his parolm;;
officers. General Lee expressed with much emotion
his gratitude at this exhibition of Grant's prompti-
tude in anticipating his wishes, and remarked that
this generous act would go far toward reconciling
the minds of the southern people toward the North.
The arrangement was faithfully carried out."
The value of this last act of generosity, Out-
side of the stipulations already agreed upon
and signed, is not likely to be underestimated
by the paroled soldiers who "were permitted to
