i.86a
the congressional globe.
2983
hands of the community at the lowest possible
rate. It is, therefore, the policy of communities
and States to make their legislation of such a
character as to attract capital to the greatest
possible extent. _ There is no business that is
not more or less interfered with by the slightest
taxation which we may place upon capital. I
am not only opposed to the taxation o~n banks
proposed in this paragraph, but when the proper
time arrives I shall advocate the entire exemp-
tion of banking capital from taxation. Gentle-
men may be surprised that such a proposition
should emanate from me or from the locality
which I have the honor to represent; but it
seems to me that one of the generic necessities
of the community^ to have cheap money. It
is one of the duties of legislators to remove
every obstacle which may prevent the people
from obtaining^ money to the largest possible
extent. I submit to the good sense of the House
that the time will come when we shall remove
all incumbrances from banking, all taxation
from money as money, leaving it entirely free.
As I understand the theory of taxation in
other countries of the world that have had
longer experience than we have had in raising
revenue, it is to single out branches of indus-
try^ and levy taxation directly upon a few
articles.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Barnes] presents
a very broad proposition—that all things upon
the face of the earth in the shape of cash
should escape the visits of the tax-gatherer;
that money is to be regarded as in the same
category with the atmosphere which we breathe,
the water we drink—as one of the very ele-
ments of human existence, and therefore to be
held sacred from taxation. Well, sir, we have
proposed here to tax the banker; we have
proposed to tax the man who is doing business
in money. It is that air that we are after, and
not the kind of air of which the gentleman
speaks. [Laughter.] I am not, however, very
familiar with this question, and I will yield the
remainder of my time to my friend from New
York, [Mr. McCarthy,] who has dealt in this
■very commodity, and is well able to discuss these
new views on the subject of banking.
Mr. McCABTHY. Mr. Speaker, there are
two sourccs for supplying taxes to the country
from which it will be felt less than from any
other; one of these is the wholesale trade of
the country. It can well afford to pay the
additional tax proposed by the committee, for
when a wholesale man in the country increases
his business it is with a corresponding increase
of profits. As his sales swell up and rise in
amount the proportion of profit to the cost of
carrying on the business is larger, and he can
afford to pay his full share of the expenses of
the country. They must be paid.
Now, as to the fact that they fall upon the
business classes. The broad position that
labor pays the taxes of the country is true, but
it is only that labor which reaches to the agri-
culture of the country that pays the taxes.
Taxes are all paid out of the products of the
soil. It is the labor which produces that pays
the taxes. But in wholesale trade, as in manu-
factures, oftenerthanless, competition destroys
the cost of that tax to the laborer or the per-
son who sells, and the merchant or manafac-
turer is not able to carry the tax down in the
profit of his goods to the consumer.
Gentlemen on the other aide say that banks
make money cheap. This js not my experi-
ence, for in the town in which I reside I have
a practical illustration. A man commences
life with small means, and all his industry is in
his business. When he has saved ten, thirty,
or fifty thousand dollars, instead of lending it
out as individual money to make it easy to his
neighbors, he, with others, deposits it in a
bank and makes it a close corporation and
prevents the mass of the common people from
touching money. The people who accumulate
money make up banking capital and make up
banks, which, in addition to the whelesale
trade of the country, should contribute to the
necessary expenses of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move to strike out
the proviso as follows:
Provided, That any savings-bank having no capi-
tal stock, and whose business is confined to receiving
deposits,to be loaned or invested for the benefit of
its depositors, and doing no other business of bank-
ing, shall not bo subject to this tax.
I will state my reason for moving that amend-
ment. Savings-banks in some instances should
be exempted from taxation ; but my colleague
has not sufficiently guarded that. I am not
satisfied with that proviso. There are many
banking institutions which, in order to save
themselves from tax, would call themselves
savings-banks although they were doing a legit-
imate banking business, the same business that
chartered banks are now doing. I know the
tax would be evaded in that way. The gentle-
man ought to be more particular in designat-
ing the savings-banks to be exempted. Savings-
banks are supposed to be of that kind where
deposits are made by people of small earnings,
and which deposits are loaned outfor the benefit
of the depositors. But they are loaned out for
the benefit of those who carry on the bank.
They pay interest upon the deposits to the
depositors, but they loan at a larger interest,
and the profits accrue to the institution. I
believe there would be many grow up unless
this provision was guarded. I think it should
be stricken out entirely, and I am in favor of
so doing.
Mr. WOODWARD. I am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, and
I will ask to move at the proper time to strike
out the words " having no capital stock and."
I do not know what the motives of the com-
mittee were in putting this proviso in the sec-
tion, but I am sure they were wise ones. I
hope my amendment may commend itself to
the committee. It provides what I suppose
was the motive of the committee in exempting
savings-banks. If there is merit in exempting
savings-banks it is in exempting those which
have stock to make the depositors safe instead
of those which have no stock te render the
depositors safe. Now we have such banks in
Pennsylvania, banks in which there is some
stock, and the fact that there is stock has at-
tracted many people to make their small de-
posits until they have become in some instances
very large and successful banking institutions.
I hold that there is no demerit surety in a sav-
ings-bank having a solid stock to insure its
stockholders. If my amendment is adopted
those banks only are to be exempted which
are engaged in no other business.
That savings-banks ought to be exempted is
a proposition that I think cannot be success-
fully controverted. In Pennsylvania we have
many of them, and they have proved a great
benefaction to the public. There is an insti-
tution in Philadelphia that began some time in
the last century with deposits of ten and twelve
cents, and which to this day, as I am told,
has never received in one deposit exceeding
$200, and yet the earnings of that institution
now are counted by millions. It has fallen
away from its original proprietors who were
its depositors, and who were poor people, into
the hands of the most respectable merchants
and business men of Philadelphia, who are
appointed by the courts as directors, and who
conduct it without fee or reward with as much
skill and prudence as any bank in the city.
There are two such institutions in that city.
They have grown up by gradual accretion from
yery small beginnings to very large, wealthy
corporations, and in them the deposits of all
poor people have been protected, put at inter-
est at about five per cent., and returned to
them whenever they wanted them in specie
without regard to the suspension of other banks.
They have been in fact the best banks we have
had in the State.
Mr. MILLER. I would inquire if the gentle-
man does not know that there is a large amount
deposited in these banks that is unclaimed ?
Mr. WOODWARD. Avery large amfflunt
of what now may be considered the capital is
unclaimed by any one.
Mr. MILLER. They ought to be taxed.
Mr. WOODWARD. The probability is the
State government will confiscate that capital
and take it to itself. Much of the capital is
really without an owner.
Now, sir, I want to speak of another class
of savings-banks in the interior of Pennsyl-
vania, where we have large mining operations,
and where laborers accumulate their monthly
earnings. There the saving-banks are found
to be useful in this way; they have induced our
Irish population and others who are not re-
markable for thrift to deposit their surplus
earnings and put the money at interest, and
thus to be laying up something for their fami-
lies in the future; and that fact inculcates
steadiness of habit, sobriety, industry, and
frugality, on their part, the very virtues which
they lack, and which are necessary to make
them good American people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I only desire to say a word
in reply to the argument of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward.] The amend-
ment proposed by him 1 think will have the
effect to reduce taxation very much ; because
if these banks, without reference to the amount
of capital, are exempt from taxation, of course
nearly every bank would resolve itself into a
savings-bank.
Mr. WOODWARD. Not at all. Read the
last words of the proviso.
Mr. ALLISON. We have a provision by
which we tax all deposits one twenty fourth of
one per cent, in this bill, or one half of one
per cent, per annum. Now, if we allow per-
sons to organize savings banks with capital
stock, in the large cities especially, they would
make it their sole business to receive deposits
and reloan those deposits to other persons, and
thus escape taxation altogether; not only the
license tax or special tax proposed in this para-
graph, but also the tax on deposits of banks as
provided in section one hundred and thirteen.
The same language is used, the gentleman
will observe, in that section as is use^in this
section. This is the existing provision of law,
and applies to a class of banks that have sprung
up all over the country, organized especially
and exclusively for parties to deposit in them,
and paying only out of those deposits the actual
expense of conducting the business, so that
there are no profits to stockholders. Now, we
propose to except that class of banks, and
make them pay no tax. But it seems to me
that all other bankers, or all banks having a
stock upon which dividends are paid, should
pay a portion of the tax allotted to banks and
banking. The argument of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. McCarthy] is perfectly
applicable to this class of cases. -There is no
class of people in this country that can so well
afford to pay a reasonable tax upon their cap-
ital as those engaged in banking.
The question was taken on Mr. Woodward's
amendment^ and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Eggleston's
motion to strike out the proviso; and being
put, the motion was disagreed to.
The next question was on Mr. Barnes's
motion to strike out the entire paragraph.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the paragraph before the vote is taken
on striking it out. It seems to me that the
amount of tax on banks may very properly be
increased, and I therefore move to strike out.
"one hundred" and insert "three hundred"
in lieu thereof. There is certainly no interest
in the country that can so well afford to bear n
reasonable taxation or a very high taxation 3k
the banking institutions, which are based ex-
clusively on the labor of the country, which ^re
adding nothing to the wealth and industry^ of
the country, and are only incidentally promoting
the prosperity of the country as agents of
exchange. They certainly ought to be subject
to full taxation. It seems to me that a tax of
