576
CONGRESSIONAL OLOM;
January lGf,
has not been our purpose to foree back npon
any particular people a State existence under
the Constitution which they may have inso-
lently thrown off. It has not been our purpose
to enable eleven rebel States to trample under
foot the dignity, equality, and rights ot'twenty-
five. It was not our purpose so to use the mili-
tary resources of the country that those eleven
States, after the sacrifice of a million of loyal
men and billions of treasure, could assume at
once such an attitude of State sovereignty as
would enable them to commence the accumu-
lation of resources for a repetition of their
treason. It was not our purpose to reward
crime by arresting from loyal and faithful States
their undisputed, undoubted rights, and heap-
ing upon traitor States such privileges and im-
munities as are not conferred by the Constitu-
tion even upon loyal States. No, sir; such
was not our object. It was our purpose so to
wage the war that the dignity, equality, and
rights of all the States should for all coming
time be placed upon their true solid constitu-
tional ground. This could only be accom-
plished by vindicating the supremacy of the
Constitution and the sanctity of the Union.
We knew then, as we know now, that to per-
mit particular States to repudiate the Consti-
tution and destroy the Union was not the true
way to preserve the dignity and rights of the
States under the Constitution. We knew that
if the supremacy of the Constitution and the
integrity of the Union could be maintained,
then and then only would the rights and dignity
and equality of the States be preserved, what-
ever temporary penalties particular States
might pay for their attempts to subvert them.
Ordinary statutes, enacted for the punish-
ment of crime, aim to protect the rights of
individuals. Can it be said that this object is
disregarded when the man who attempts mur-
der is arrested and temporarily deprived of his
weapons, his liberty, or his vote? How else can
you protect the rights of the rest of the world ?
How can you protect the rights even of the
criminal himself except by vindicating the
majesty of the law ? If the law is set at naught
not only are the rights of all other men imper-
illed but eveu hiB also. For when his disability
shall be removed his restored rights will be
valuable to him still. But they will perish
with the law. It was so with the rebels. It
was absolutely inevitable that we should tem-
porarily delay the restoration of their State
governments or see the Union either perish at
once or tremble, for how long a time God only
knows, on a smouldering volcano of revolu-
tion. In that event the rights—the qualified
sovereignty guarantied by the Constitution to
the States—would have been of no value to
them or to us. But by vindicating the majesty
•lid sanctity of the Union and the Constitu-
tion against all enemies, whether individuals
or States, we have preserved and perpetuated
these rights not only to ourselves but also to
the rebels, and the day will come when they
will thank God that we have enforced a policy
which, though to them a temporary annoyance,
tfill prove even to them a permanent blessing ;
the time may come when they will rejoice that
we have reared a bulwark of national strength
which they can interpose between their own
rights and threatened wrongs from other States.
The President, in his annual message, de-
nounces our reconstruction legislation as unau-
thorized by the Federal Constitution. We
shall doubtless hear the same denunciations in
his coming veto. I regret that a remark of the
ablest champion of freedom on this floor has
been misconstrued into acquiescence in the
justice of this charge. When the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] arose to
move the previous question on the passage of
our amendatory reconstruction bill over the
President's veto on the 20th (Jay of last July,
he said:
"The President starts by asserting what, if true,
makes out all the rest of his argument legitimately.
He says that the Constitution of the United States is
theoretically operative in the conquered southern
States. If that were true then all we have been doing
U rank usurpation, and all he has been doing is legit-
imate action. I deny that the Constitution is theo-
retically or actually in operation in any one of those
States any more than it is in a Torritory."
This statement occasioned a profound sen- !
sation in this House and throughout the coun-
try. " Anymore than it is in a Territory." Un-
fortunately too many, both here and elsewhere,
overlooked or forgot the qualification contained
in these words. The gentleman did not then
assert that the Constitution was wholly inoper-
ative in those rebellious districts. He denied
that it was operative there otherwise than in the
Territories, which was tantamount to denying
that it was in operation there as in the recog-
nized States of the Republic. In this almost
all loyal men in the country will agree with
him. But this memorable speech has been
tortured into a denial that the Federal Consti-
tution was operative at all in those districts.
It has been an overflowing fountain of aid and
comfort to the foes of these reconstruction
measures, and of sorrow and chagrin to their
friends. If he had declared that the Consti-
tution had no operation at all in those districts
I could not have acquiesced in the declaration
any more than in the proposition that the Con-
stitution has no operation at all in the Territo-
ries. But if the Constitution is in operation in
those districts as in the States I do not think
it follows that the President's policy was legiti-
mate action, although it certainly does follow
that ours was rank usurpation. The Presi-
dent's course would be in that case no less a
usurpation than our own. For neither the j
President nor the Congress has a right to deal
with States as they have dealt with these dis-
tricts.
If, however, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania had asserted that the admission that the
Constitution was operative at all in those dis-
tricts involved the admission that the Pres- i
ident's coarse was legitimate action and ours j
rank usurpation, then would the truth have !
been, I' think, exactly the reverse of his prop-
osition. For while it is Vtery clear to my mind
that if these districts sustained under the Con- i
stitution the relation of Territories, whether :
conquered or not conquered, the President's i
course was rank usurpation, it is equally clear
that if they were in no sense under the Consti-
tution it is not for us to denounce the action
of the President as rank usurpation. I should
be glad to know by what law we are to try his
official acts in the premises unless by the Con-
stitution of the United States. If these dis-
tricts are not subject to but outside of the Con-
stitution I should be glad to know by what
rule the powers and functions of government
to be exercised in this case are to be distrib-
uted among its several executive, judicial,
and legislative branches. Who is to say that
this or that act performed -by one of the de-
partments of the Government is an invasion of
another, a usurpation of anything or against
anything, if such act is not to be tested by the
Federal Constitution ? Where else than in that
Constitution do you read that Congress shall
wield the legislative power of the nation ? If
the work of reconstruction lies outside of it,
who can say what the President or Congress
or the Supreme Court may or may not do in
the premises? Which Department can pre-
sume to circumscribe the functions or powers
of another? Will it be said that under the law
of nations, without any constitution, all govern-
mental power in this Republic, executive and
judicial, as well as legislative, would reside in
Congress ? Show me, sir, the page of the law
of nations upon which any such doctrine as
that is written. Certainly it is for this law of
nations to indicate what our Republic, as one
of the sovereign Powers of the world, may or
may not do. But never can that law be per-
mitted to determine the interior distribution
of sovereign powers and functions among
the several departments of any government.
It nowise concerns the law of nations whether
these powers are centered in an absolute mon-
arch or more or less distributed, as in a con-
stitutional monarchy or republic. Tried by the
law of nations, then, the President's career in
the lately rebellious States is no usurpation as
against Congress. It is not for that law to de-
cide between him and us. In the eye of that law
it is a matter of absolute indifference whether
he exercises our powers or we exercise his, or
the Supreme Court usurps the whole.
If, therefore, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania had shown that the Constitution had
actually nothing to do with these communi-
ties, instead of convicting he would have honor-
ably acquitted the President of usurpation ; he
would have sounded the signal for a triangular
contest between the several departments of the
Government for the controlof these districts. If
he is of the opinion that such a doctrine would,
to use his own words, render reconstruction as
easy as any problem in Euclid I humbly dif-
fer with him. I think the result of such a tri-
angular squabble would be that the base and
the hypothenuse would get completely wrecked
while the perpendicular would sweep triumph-
antly around the circle. But if he meant, what
his language obviously imports, that the Con-
stitution was neither wholly inoperative in those
districts nor operative there as in States, but
as in Territories and only as in Territories,
then, indeed, does his doctrine remove all diffi-
culties from the case. For whether you regard
them as sustaining to the Constitution a rela-
tion analogous to that of mere Territories, or
the relation of conquered Territories, you are
alike free from embarrassment. If you treat
them as Territories subject to the Constitution,
your Constitution shows by what departments
respectively the regulations for their govern-
ment are to be framed and administered, and
what all of these departments together may do.
If yon regard them as conquests, the law of
nations shows what tbe nation may do in the
premises, and the Constitution shows by what
particular departments of the Government its
several powers are to be exercised. Whether
you call them, then, mere Territories or con-
quests, or both at once, you find that in either
character they fall into the hands of Congress,
the legislative department of the Government,
and that all the powers of reconstruction spring-
ing from both of these relations vest in Con-
gress, which may at its (jption exercise one
class or the other, or both, in the reconstruc
tion of the lately rebellious States.
The President assails us for declaring in our
military bill that these governments are not
legal and at the same time authorizing the dis-
trict commanders to use them. But there is
no ground for any such charge. We found
there certain political machines in operation
which the President had manufactured by his
seven memorable proclamations, and which he
called State governments. And the question
considered by the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, and afterward by the House, was whether
we should at once annihilate these machines
ot so legislate that the district commanders
could lawfully make use of whatever, if any-
thing, they might find useful in them. If we
had annihilated them we should have compelled
each' district commander to appoint without
delay thousands of officers and to frame entire
systems of general and local laws. This would
have involved immense labor upon details
which, if it could possibly have been per-
formed at all, could only have been performed
at the sacrifice of other duties which could
neither be delegated nor deferred. Nor could
the district commanders have appointed thou-
sands of officers at once in those districts, with-
out making many appointments of very bad
men whom they would upon trial have found
it necessary to remove.
We decided, therefore, tt> permit the district
commanders to use these officers and systems
of laws, or not to use them, as they saw fit,
making it their duty to remove all who should
be disloyal to the Government or hinder the
work of recoristruction. We framed such a
law that these systems and officers, while so
used, were made valid and legal. But this
validity springs altogether from the act of Con-
gress. It is derived from no State law, from
no presidential aet or proclamation. These
