1960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
and their posterity forever; and I never gave
a vote in this House or elsewhere in contradic-
tion of the principle that I then laid down for
myself.
The gentleman talks about the decision of
Judge Agnew. I would be sorry to undertake
to bolster up all the decisions of the supreme
court of Pennsylvania. I have already given
somewhat my opinion about their decision in
the '-constructive estates tail" cases, which
would form a very curious history for the pro-
fession elsewhere than in Pennsylvania. 1 did
not intend to reflect upon my colleague [Mr.
Woodward] by sayingthat he voted upon both
sides in that class of cases. He gives a good
reason for voting against his judgment in the
first instance; and a good reason tor changing
and voting according to his judgment in the
second instance. I do not blame him for that;
most men's minds are liable to change. I have
nothing to say about the decision of Judge
Agnew.
But I say this, that political disabilities being
made hereditary destroys the republican form
of a government in any State. If I am right
about that, then I can see no difficulty in an-
swering the question my colleague [Mr. Wood-
ward] has asked as to how 1 propose to get at
the remedy in this case. I propose to legislate
out of the constitution and laws of any State
which has these anti-republican provisions ex-
actly, and only these anti-republican provisions,
and permit the remainder of the constitution
and laws of the State to remain just as they
are now.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BROOMALL. 1 cannot be interrupted
now. It is all very well for the gentleman to
talk about the inferiority of the black race, and
rather to ridicule Judge Agnew because he
does not put the matter upon that ground.
But I happen to call to mind now that within
the last two or three weeks, I, with certain other
Radical members of this House, was consulted
by some negroes of Virginia upon the question
whether or not it would not be wise for them
to have put in their new constitution, if they
could get it, a provision that nobody should
vote in that State who could not read and write ;
because, by putting in that provision, they said
they would exclude five friends of my colleague
for every one of my black friends who would
be so excluded. Well, when the case was pre-
sented to me in that shape, I began to wake
up and to think, " Possibly these people are
not such mere brutes after all. If they are will-
ing to measure intellect with us lam inclined to
think we ought to be ashamed to say we are
not willing to measure itwith them." I, how-
ever, as one individual, did not advise the in-
sertion of the provision, because I would not
deny political rights to a man on account of
his ignorance. I think political rights are
needed for the preservation of our civil rights,
and the man who is poor and ignorant and low
has more necessity lor political rights than the
man who is learned and. wealthy and elevated.
If I disfranchise anybody I will begin at the
top of the heap and disfranchise first the man
who is able to take care of himself without
political rights.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question. I understood him to
say that he began to hesitate when the conse-
quence of his decision one way or the other
was stated to him. I wish to know whether
he bases his decision with regard to the rights
of human beings simply upon the question
whether they are his political friends or the
political friends of his colleague, [Mr. Wood-
waud.j
Mr. BROOMALL. Oh, no; I do not. I
am not a party to this rivalry between the
Democrats and the negroes. [Laughter.] I
have nothing to do with it. 1 have seen it
going on for a number of years. For a long
time in this contest I stood by and said noth-
ing, rather hoping that justice would be done
in- the long run. But, now that the Democrats
have got to be the weaker party, I am not sure
that we ought not to begin to legislate a little
in their favor, giving them some protection
against the rivalry of their great and lasting
opponent—the negro. [Laughter.] Probably
the best we could do, however, would _ be to
stand and look on, as the woman did in the
fight between her husband and the bear, and
with the same indifference.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 understood the gentle-
man, however, to state that he did not hesitate
at all until he found that possibly the decision
which he might make would operate against
his friends; that, in other words, he did not
go for human rights on account of his devotion
to those rights, but because the persons whose
rights were in question would vote for his party,
and not for the party of his colleague.
Mr. BROOMALL. I am sorry the gentle-
man has misunderstood me. These black men
wanted the provision put in to exclude from
voting the white rebels who could not read and
write, they (the black men) being able to read
and write.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But I understood the
gentleman was in favor of it.
Mr. BROOMALL. They said that such a
provision inserted in the constitution of Vir-
ginia would, in the course of a year or two,
exclude from suffrage five white Democrats for
eveiy negro that would ue excluded.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And then the gentleman
hesitated, not till then.
Mr. BROOMALL. Why should I hesitate
then? If 1 were actuated by party motives I
would, of course, be glad to have a reason for
the adoption of such a provision. Those who
consulted me were partisans, and believed they
-had a right to that advantage of their rivals—
the Democrats. I thought, they had not a right
to it. I want to see justice done in this contest
between the negro and the Democrat; I want
to see each side have fair play. If the negro
gets so far above the Democrat that he can
read and write while the Democrat cannot, I
will refuse to exclude the Democrat's vote on
that account. [Laughter.] Though he may
be poor and ignorant, I will give him a vote.
[Laughter.]
Mr. KNOTT obtained the floor.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the Houses
on the bill (H. II. No. 331) to facilitate the
payment of soldiers' bounties under the act
of 1866.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill of the following title, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested :
An act (S. No. 373) to amend an act entitled
"An actto provide forrecording the conveyance
of vessels, and for other purposes," approved
July 29, 18-30.
message from tiie president.
A message from the President of the United
State, by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Private Secre-
tary, announced that the bill (H. 11. No. 509)
entitled "An act making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 18G9," having been pre-
sented to him on the 4th instant, and not hav-
ing been returned by him within ten days, (Sun-
days excepted,) had become a law in accord-
ance with the Constitution of the United States.
payment of soldiers' bounties.
Mr. PAINE submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes ot the two Houses on the bill (II. R. So. 351;
to facilitate the payment of soldiers' bounties under
tho acts of 1866, having met, aiter full and freecon-
iercnce recommend to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the House agree to the Senate amendment
with the following amendments,namely:
1. In section one, line three, after the word "au-
thoiiaed" insert the words " and diieeted."
2. In section one, line four, after the words "for"
insert tho words " not more than.''
3. In section two, line two, after the word " au-
thorized" insert the words " and directed."
4. Add at tho end of section four th© following
words, namely: " who shall be responsible respect-
ively for the official acts of said clerks."
And that the Senate agree to tho said amendments,
II. E. PAINE.
JAMES A. GARFIELD,
J. LAWRENCE 6ETZ,
Managers on the part of the Mouse,
HENRY WILSON,
J. M. HOWARD,
0. S. FERRY,.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the conference report was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was grafted to
Mr. Barnttm.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Smith
for one week.
Leave of absence was granted for twenty
days to Mr. Cobb.
benjamin cooley and james tv. boswell.
On motion of Mr. COBB, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House
of the papers in the eases of Benjamin Cooley
and James W. Boswell, of Maryland, claim-
ants for relief on account of additional service
as mail contractors.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 718) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending 80th
June, 18G9, and for other purposes.
consular a.n'd diplomatic bill.
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. I rise to
a privileged question. I present a report from
the committee of conference on the consular
and diplomatic bill.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. It. No. 718J making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending 30th June, 1869, and for other
purposes, having met, after full and free conference
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventh and ninth amendments of the Senate
and agree to the same.
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
tho eighth amendment of tho Senate, and agree to
tho same with an amendment, as follows: Strike
out all of the proviso contained in said amendment,
and insertin lieu thereof the following ivords:
Provided, That allmoncys received for fees at any
vice consulates or consular agencies of the United
States beyond the sum of $1,000 m any one year, and
all moneys received by any consul or consul general
from consular agencies or vieeconsulates in excess
of §1.000 in the aggregate from all such agencies or
vico consulates, and shall be accounted for and paid
into the Treasury of the United States, and no greater
sum til an $500 shall be allowed for the expenses of
any vice consulate or consular agency for any one
year.
And the Senate agree to the same,
E. 15. WASHBURNE,
GEORGE W. MORGAN,
If. C. BEAMAX,
Managers on thenar/ of the House.
L. M. MORRILL,
TIMOTHY O. HOWE,
C. 11. BUUKALEU",
Managers on the part of tltc Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider tho vote by which the report was
"agreed to ; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R.
. No. 731) to authorize Charles Grafton Page to
ji apply for and receive a patent, when the
II Speaker signed the same.
