2984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Juste5
$100 on banks whose capital is $60,000, con-
sidering the facilities they possess, whether they
be State or national institutions, is an exceed-
ingly meager tax. I trust, therefore, that the
Committee of Ways and Means will not object
to a slight increase of this tax. The laboring
interests of this country feel that the burdens
of taxation have been thrownupon them, that
capital is escaping from those burdens to a much
greater extent than it ought to escape, and that
these agencies connected with the administra-
tion of our financial affairs, which are not
necessary to the promotion of the public wealth,
which do not add to the wealth of the country
or encourage the creation of wealth, and which
live off the labor of the country, can well afford
to bear a higher rate of taxation.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Indi-
ana has, perhaps, not adverted to the fact that
in other portions of this bill banks have addi-
tional taxes to this special tax imposed on
them. If there were no other tax on banks
than this special tax there might be some pro-
priety in increasing it; but besides this, if the
gentleman will turn to page 166, he will find
that we have continued, in addition to the
special tax, a tax upon the deposits, a tax
upon the capital, and a tax upon the circula-
tion of banks; and we have doubled the tax
upon circulation compared to what it is now.
And in addition to that we have brought in the
national banks and subjected them to the same
rule of taxation as other banks. I hope, there-
fore, the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
this tax upon page 166 is in addition to the
tax imposed by the currency act?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is in addition to this
special tax.
Mr. LYNCH. But the gentleman is aware
that the currency act provides for a tax on
circulation.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman will find,
if he will look at the bill, that we have repealed
thar and brought the national banks into the
internal revenue law, and put them on the same
footing with other banks.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Barxes, and it was not agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next paragraph was read as follows :
Brokers shall each pay $100. Every person whose
business it is to negotiate purchases orsalesof stock,
bonds, exchange, land-warrants, bullion, coined
money, banknotes, pioraissory notes oi othersecuri-
ties tor himself or others, shall he regarded ass a
broker. Any person having paid the special tax as
a banker shall not be required to pay the special tax
as a broker.
Mr. WELKER. I move to amend this
paragraph by striking out the words "brokers
shall each pay $100," and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
Brokers whose annual business does not exceed
$40,000, shall each pay fifty dollars: those whose busi-
ness exceeds 840,000, and is less than $80,000, shall
each pay $1U); and those whose business exceeds
$80,000 per annum, shall each pay $150.
As the paragraph now stands all brokers pay
the same tax. I think the tax should be graded
according as they do a greater or a less amount
ol business. There is a class of brokers in the
different towns of this country who do a very
small amount of business. It seems to me to
be unfair tomake them pay $100 tax, when
brokers in large cities, doing a mueh larger
amount of business, pay only the same amount
of tax.
Mr. SCIIENCK. The amendment of my
colleague [Mr. Wbs.kee] would be a very wise
provision if it were not already provided for in
another part of the bill. If the gentleman will
refer to section one hundred and fifteen of this
bill he will find that we bring those brokers
under another system of taxation, a tax on
sales. The rate at which they are at present
taxed is one cent on every hundred dollars of
sales. We propose to increase that rate to
two cents on every $100. They will be taxed
according to the amount of business they do
only twice as much as under the present law.
Mr. WELKER. That obviates one of my
objections to this paragraph, but not the other
objection. It seems to me to be unfair that
these small brokers, whose business does not
exceed four or five thousand dollars a year,
and porhaps not half that much, buying prom-
issory notes or selling them, not engaged in
stock business at all, sheuld be compelled to
pay the enormous tax of ^100 for the purpose
of carrying on that occupation in a small
country town. It seems to me the tax is too
much for the business done. It may be well
enough to make large brokers pay more tax
than these small ones do.
Mr. SCHENCK. Itistrue we have increased
the special tax on brokers from fifty dollars to
$100 under our system of equalization. And
one of these worthy gentlemen in the smallest
village will probably make it up by the shaving
of a single note. I think no man who would
follow the business of a broker, either in a
country village or in the city, is hardly fit to be
trusted by his neighbors in that business, or as
a man to be relied upon, if he cannot pay this
amount of tax. One would think that any man
who is fit to engage in this business would be
able to obtain from his gains the sum of $100
to pay for the privilege of acting in that capacity.
Mr. INGEiiSOLL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. INGEiiSOLL. I have information from
the assessor of my district to this effect: there
are those within the district whose nominal
business is that of farming or the law or trade ;
still they make it a business, not openly, but
secretly, to buy notes, to negotiate loans of
money, and really to do a brokerage business.
If you inquire of-them what their business is,
they will tell you that they are farmers or
lawyers or merchants, as the case may be.
Mr. MAYNARD. Corresponding to bush-
whackers and guerrillas in the war.
Mr. INGEiiSOLL. Yes, sir. They pay
no special tax or license as brokers. Now, 1
want to inquire if this paragraph is so strong
as to include these men who are really brokers ?
Mr. SCHENCK. It will be the fault of
the assessor of the district if they are not
included.
Mr. ING-ERSOLL. Would it not be well
to amend this paragraph so as to read, "all
persons who shall engage in the business of
negotiating purchases or sales of stocks," &c.,
instead of "every person whose business it is
to negotiate," &c. V I will offer that amend-
ment as soon as I can get the opportunity to
do so.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, that I may
have an opportunity to say a word on this
question, I move to amend the amendment by
striking out the last word. I hope that the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Welker] will be adopted. I know something
as to what would be the practical operation of
this provision of the bill. N ow, sir, there could
be no objection to requiring a broker to pay
$100, if he were a broker in the ordinary mer-
cantile sense of that term; but to require that
every man who is a broker under the legal
definition of this act shall in every instance pay
at least §100 is a hardship. Now, I know that
a country trader in my county in Maine, who
is in almost all sorts of business, happened to
buy and sell two or three promissory notes.
He was indicted before the district court, the
judge of which ruled, and I have no doubt
rightfully, that if the man bought or Sold a
single piece of paper and held himself out as
willing to buy or sell others, he was a broker
within the definition of the law; and the judge
further ruled that if the man had bought or
sold three pieces of paper, the jury had a right
to say that he was a broker within the common
law definition. I think there is a great hard-
ship in putting the poor country broker, the
man who does a very small business in this
line, upon a level with a man doing an im-
mensity of business in New York city. F trust
the committee will support the proposition of
the gentleman from Ohio, and declare that the
little broker in the country may operate in his
line of business by paying fifty dollars.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to make an
inquiry. Do I understand the gentleman to
say that in the case he has mentioned the
court decided that if a man engaged in other
branches of business happened to buy a single
promissory note he was to be considered, in
contemplation of the law, a broker?
Mr. PETERS. Not precisely that; but that
if a man bought or sold one piece of paper,
and held himself in readiness to buy or sell
more, although his transactions might be ever
so limited, it constituted a business as a broker.
Mr. GRISWOLD.* I understand,then, that
the ruling was that where a man buys two or
three promissory notes, that is to be considered
the business of that man.
Mr. PETERS. That that constitutes him a
broker within the meaning of the law, and the
construction is that he may be a broker and a
wholesale dealer and a retail dealer and a
liquor dealer, that he may combine twenty dif-
ferent sorts of business, on which he is obliged
to pay a distinct license in each case. I say-
there is a hardship in compelling the man
engaging in this business in a small way in a
country town to pay the same amount as is paid
by the man who carries on business to the
extent of millions.
Mr. SCHENCK. He does not pay the same.
Mr. PETERS. Well, I will say, as the man
making brokerage his only and large business.
I hope the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio will prevail. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. WELKER. I renew the amendment
to the amendment. Sinceoffering my amend-
ment I have turned to the section of the bill
regulating the tax on brokers, and I donotsee
that that will equalize this taxation at all; it
is an additional tax. This paragraph of the
bill starts off by charging $100 tax upon all
classes of brokers. Then on page 168 provis-
ion is made for a certain percentage of taxa-
tion upon the amount of business that may be
done in the purchase and sale of coin, bullion,
promissory notes, &c. This of course will com-
pel the man doing a large business to pay more
tax than one doing a small business. But the
starting point is wrong. We propose to tax as
a broker doing a regular business the man living
in a village who happens in the course of the
year to buy two or three promissory notes. The
assessors have always been construing this law
as covering that class of transactions in our
small towns. If a man buys two or three
promissory notes in the course of a year, it is
considered as so far his business, and they have
required this class of men to take a broker's
license. Now, I do think that $100 is too
much to be required from this class. Certainly
there ought to be some limitation: and if my
amendment be not agreed to, theTe ought to
be provided for thissmall class of brokers some
lower tax than that provided for in this bill. I
think my amendment would be fair and equi-
table ; for when brokers transact a large busi-
ness they must necessarily pay more tax under
the other provision of the bill.
I withdraw my amendmentto theamendment.
On the amendment of Mr. Welker. there
were—ayes 47, noes 28 : no quorum voting.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am willing that the
amendment shall be regarded as agreed to.
We can have a vote in the House.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the amendment will be considered agreed to.
There was no objection.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I renew the amend-
ment I offered before, modified as follows:
In line fifty-two, after the word " business," insert
"wholly or in part;" so it will read :
Every person whose business, wholly or in part, it
is to negotiate purchases or sales of stocks, &c.
Mr. WELKER. I rise to a question of
order. I believe my amendment is agreed to.
