1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ism
state governments republican in form.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Knott] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. KNOTT. Mr. Speaker, I have heard it
suggested that fifteen minutesbefore the shower
of tire and brimstone descended upon Sodom
and Gomorrah the inhabitants of those de-
voted cities were probably sfandingon thestreet
corners talking of the price of stocksand the
various interests of their daily avocations, ut-
terly insensible of the terrible calamity about
to befall them; and if the measure now pro-
posed to this House shall fail to arouse the
American people to asense of the dangers which
threaten their institutions, I shall conclude
that they are laboring under a similar species
of lethargy. For, sir, in my judgment, if the
principles contained in this bill are carried out
they must inevitably lead to a total destruction
of the few rights remaining to the States, and
the ultimate concentration of all political
power iu the General Government. It is in
fact a direct attack upon the main citadel, the
last stronghold of State independence and se-
curity, the great paramount right upon which
their very existence depends, the right of the
several States to regulate the exercise of the
elective franchise for themselves. And I re-
gret, therefore, that I am not prepared, like the
gentleman who has just preceded me, [Mr.
Broom-vll,] with an elaborate written speech
which has undergone a process of incubation
for months, but must meet this important
question extemporaneously, and treat it in a
manner but illy suited to its magnitude. We
are asked, sir, to enact iti this bill—■
"That all provisions arid enactments in State con-
stitutions and lawswhiehmake distinctionsin polit-
ical and civil rignts among citizens of the United
States, or deny such rights to any such citizcnson no-
count of parentage, race, lineage, or color, are, and
are hereby declared to be, void and of no effect."
And this utter destruction of a great funda-
mental right which the several States had be-
fore the adoption of the Federal Constitution,
and which they have continued to enjoy to the
present hour, is to be rendered certain and
complete by the operation of the next section,
which provides—
"That if any person shall prevent any qualified
citizen of the United States from exercising the right
of suffrage at any election in any State under the
pretense ibat such citizen is disqualified by the con-
stitution and laws of such State on account of his
parentage, race, lineage, or color, such persons shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on convic-
tion thereof m a proper court, shall be sentenced to
pay a fine not exceeding $5,000, or to undergo im-
prisonment not exceeding five years, or both at the
discretion of the court."
And all this, as the title of the bill shows,
under the specious pretext of guarantying to
the several States of the Union a republican
form of government. Yes, sir, to justify this
high-handed and extraordinary measure the
distinguished gentleman who opened -this- de-
bate [Mr. Broomai.l] assumes, and it is so set
down in the preamble of the bill, that several
of the States of the Union have not republican
forms of government, because by their consti-
tutions and laws political rights are denied to
certain persons on account of their race or
color, and who, as he contends, are citizens
of the -United States, and that, therefore, under
the provisions of the fourth section of the
fourth article of the Constitution it is not only
the right but the duty of Congress to pass this
bill. _ '
But, sir, I deny both his premises. I deny
that negroes are or ever were citizens of the
United States, and even if they were, I deny
that it follows that a State has not a repub-
lican form of government simply because its
constitution and laws deny him the right of
suffrage or otherwise discriminate against him.
1 presume it will not be pretended that be-
fore the adoption of the Constitution of the
United States a negro, either bond or free, was
ever regarded as a citizen of any of the States.
That instrument nowhere regards him in
either condition as a citizen either of a State
or of the United States. On the contrary,
whenever it alludes to him at all it is in the
light of servitude; in a word, as property. It
makes provision for his importation and tax
as property until 1808, ana provides for his
restoration to his master in case he should es-
cape from his service; and it makes no pro-
vision for his ever being invested with -the
rights of citizenship at all. More than this,
the question has not only been made in the
Supreme Court of the United States, but in
a number of the State courts, as to whether
the negro is a citizen of the United States,
and in every solitary instance it has been de-
cided in the negative. And, further, I as-
sert that no department of the General Gov-
ernment, not even the legislative, down to the
Thirty- N inth Congress, ever regarded negroes in
any condition, bond or free, as citizens of the
United States. The Thirty-Ninth Congress did
not so regard them, and in proof of what I
say I call the attention of the House to the
first section of the fourteenth proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution. It says :
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States, and of the State where-
in they reside."
Now, sir, none will deny that this provision
is intended solely for the benefit of the negro
race. Yet why enact it if he is a citizen with-
out it? Where is the necessity of going
through the forms of amending the Constitu-
tion for the purpose of accomplishing that
which exists without it? Sir, the conclusion
is irresistible. It cannot be evaded. You
yourselves have here placed upon the record
an admission that the negro is not and cannot
be a citizen of the United States without this
or some similar amendment to the Constitu-
tion. The monstrous assumption that States
which were original parties to the formation
of the Federal Constitution have all along ex-
isted under anti-republican forms of govern-
ment, because they have refused and still
refuse to permit negroes to vote, cannot be
maintained, even if we admit that to con-
stitute a republican form of government every
citizen under it must be allowed to exer-
cise the right of suffrage—for the negro is not
a citizen. But, sir, tho oilier branch of the
proposition is equally untenable; for if we ad-
mit the negro to be a citizen still a State may
exclude him from a participation in any of its
political rights, and yet have a republican
lorm of government; for if it is true, as is
assumed on the other side, that in order to
constitute a republican form of government
all the citizens under its jurisdiction must
have a right to vote, then there is not, and I
maintain there never has been, a republican
government on the face ol the earth ; for the
women and children, irrespective of age, are
as -much citizcns as the_ adult males. Carry
out the gentleman's principle, then, and you
flias't "not only compel -the several Sta'tes to
allow the fiegro men but the negro women
and children to vote also. The extreme ab-
surdity of the conclusion to which the position
logically tends, it seems to me, is sufficient
proof of its utter fallacy.
What, then, is a republican form of govern-
ment? Dr. Webster defines it to be one in
which the sovereign power is exercised by rep-
resentatives elected by the people, or, per-
haps, more correctly speaking, by those who
have been authorized in the formation of the
social compact to exercise the elective fran-
chise, because some must, in the very nature
of things, as from want of sufficient age or
other cause, be excluded from that privilege.
And with this definition in view, Mr. Speaker,
I propose to examine the constitutional grounds
upon which the gentleman predicates our right
to pass this bili. The only authority which he
pretends to find in the Constitution for the en-
actment of this measure is, as I have already
remarked, contained in the fourth section of
the fourth article of tho Constitution, which
provides that—
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government.
This, sir, like every other provision of writ-
ten law, must be construed not merely accord-
ing to its letter but it® spirit, viewed in the
light of all the surrounding circumstances at
the time of its enactment. Construe it accord-
ing to its very letter and it means nothing mora
than that the several State governments, stall
be republican in form ; it nowhere authorizes
the United States to interfere with the details
of their governmental machinery. If the sov-
ereign powers belonging to the several States •
are exercised by persons elected by those whosa,
the people of those States have authorized to
exercise the elective franchise this provision
of the Constitution is satisfied, no matter who
may be made electors by the States. But let
us examine it in the light of contemporaneous
circumstances.
And, sir, what were those circumstances?
The Convention which framed theConstitution
of the United States was composed of dele-
gates sent from thirteen independent sover-
eign States. Each one of these States had its
own government organized and in operation
under its own constitution, which prescribed
who should and who should not exercise the
right of suffrage, and in each one of them the
sovereign powers were exercised by persons
elected by those whom the State constitution
had authorized to vote. Under these circum-
stances they flattered themselves, no doubt, that
they bad republican forms of government, and
in order to perpetuate those governments, by-
forming a more perfect union among them-
selves, which, while it should provide for the
common defense of caeh and all of them
against aggression from foreign Powers, should
also promote the general welfare by securing
domestic tranquillity, they sent then- delegates
to the Convention to frame a constitution and
establish a general government for that pur-
pose. And, sir, when that Convention assem-
bled, -every one of the States except Massa-
chusetts authorized the institution of negro
slavery, and not one of them recognized the
negro as a citizen or a voter, _ Notwithstanding
this, however, as I have said, they were im-
pressed with the idea that they were in posses-
sion of republican forms of government, and
were anxious to maintain them. There were
two contingencies, however, in which they fore-
saw that they might lose the forms of govern-
ment they then had. One was that the people
of some particular State might become tired of
liberty and seek to exchange their liberty for
a monarchy or an aristocracy ; the other was
that the general government which they were
about to establish under the Federal Constitu-
tion they were assembled to frame might event-
ually overshadow and ultimately absorb or de-
stroy the rights and institutions of the several
States.
This latter fear, no doubt, operated much
stronger upon them than the first, for they
were about launching upon the unknown sea
of experiment. They were about creating a
powerful executive branch of government con-
centrated in one man, and of such dispositions
of power a free people who understand and
value their liberties as they ought are always
naturally jealous. Moreover, a grand judiciary
svstem was about to be established whose juris-
diction was to extend to the gravest matters
touching the rights of the several Slates, and
which might by an abuse of power, sustained
by a powerful Executive with the Army and
Navy at its command, endanger the most vital
interests, if not the very existence, of the State
governments themselves; to provide against
either of these contingencies, therefore, the
framers of the Federal Constitution deemed
it wise and prudent to provide that the gov-
ernment they were-about to establish should
guaranty to each of the States a republican
form of government. The Constitution they
were then framing had to be submitted to the
people of the several States for ratification.
The people of those States might possibly hesi-
tate to ratify it on account of the fear that the
new government might ultimately destroy their
then existing State governments, the very
thing they desired to guard against; and, there*
