l$ea
THE CONOKESSIOtf AL GLOBE.
577
officers and systems when so used are not State
officers nor State governments nor State laws,
but the creatures and temporary agents of the
national Government. During the short time
that reconstruction was to be in the bands of
the district commanders it was necessary that
peace and order should be maintained by the
use of some system of rules and regulations
and by the employment of officers of some kind
to enforce them. We found governments, laws,
and officers there in actual though unauthor-
ized existence. We provided that the district
commanders might use such of them as they
should find useful, and being so used they are
made valid and lawful by act of Congress.
The charge of inconsistency therefore falls
to the ground. It is true that Congress has
declared these governments illegal as State
governments, but it is not true that Congress
attempts to administer them as State govern-
ments, whether legal or illegal. In its hands
they are machines which as emanations of
State sovereignty or executive usurpation had
no legality or validity, but which while per-
mitted by the district commanders or by Con-
gress to exist stand as its own adopted means
^ of reconstructioa upon Federal law duly and
constitutionally enacted.
The President is quite correct when he says
in his last veto message that it would be—
" A novel spectacle If Congress should attempt to
carry on a legal State government by the Mgvtey of
its own officers."
Congress never did. I trust, sir, Congress
never will attempt to carry on a legal State
fovernment by the agency of its own officers,
iut, sir, there would be no novelty in such an
attempt on the part of the President. He now
insists that these communities were, vbea their
armies were captured, just as truly and com-
pletely States, and their governments just as
truly and completely State governments as ev«r.
And yet in May? Jane? and Julj, 18G&, he act-
ually appointed seven governors to carry on
these lqgal State governments, having removed
those the rebels had chosen, and thenceforth
actually did oarry on these legal State govern-
ments, as ha called them, by the agency of his
own officers, the governors so appointed.
The President, in the same veto message,
Bays =
" It 19 yet mors «tran*o that Congress attempts to
8a8ta.i  aad earry oa an illegal State government by
the same Federal agency."
A more careful examination of the act would
have shows him that Congress did not attempt
to carry them on as State governments, whether
legal or illegal. Congress has not attempted,
I trust will not attempt, so indefensible an act.
But such an attempt tm the part of the Presi-
dent would not be strange; for two years ago
he proclaimed these State governments—now
so sacred in his eyes—so illegal as to be utter
nullities, and yet proceeded to carry them on
by the agency of governors of his own appoint-
ment. No, sir, we have not attempted to carry
on illegal State governments by Federal agen-
cies as Staie governments. We found in actual
existence illegal governments which had been
substituted by Andrew Johnson for other ille-
gal governments which he had found in actual
existence; and such parts of these—sueh of
their laws and officers as we have found conven-
ient to our hands—we have takes hold of and
legalized by Federal statute, and used, not as
State governments, State laws, or State offi-
cers, but as temporary Federal agencies for the
reconstructioa of the rebel States.
And these State governments being illegal
we could not without a gross violation of duty
revive them instantaneously in the hands of their
rebel administrators. Our duty to the Bepublic,
yet rocking on a bloody sea of suppressed rebel-
lion, beneath whose waves lay lost such price-
less treasures of life and gold, forbade it. Ou*
duty to the soldiers, both the dead and the liv-
ing, forbade it. Our duty to the stern men and
tearful women who sept them forth to the bat-
tle and followed them with their benedictions
and prayers forbade it), Our duty to those
southern patriots who bore aloft Unsullied the
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 37.
flag of heaven while they themselves walked in
the infernal fires of southern treason, forbade it.
Our^luty to the faithful blacks who demanded
that their fidelity to the Union should not drag
them down into unwonted torments forbade it.
Our duty to tliQ human race, for whom we bore
the ark of the covenant of human freedom, for-
bade it. Nay, sir, our duty to the rebels them-
selves and to their posterity, whose destiny is
bound up with ours and our common country's,
forbade it. If we had done so, Qod who smote
us with war and gave ns the victory that sla-
very might die and the nation live, would have
cursed us for our cowardly bequest of wars and
woes to future generations.
The President complains that we have
stripped him of many of his constitutional pre-
rogatives while he still remains bound by all
his constitutional responsibilities; that we
deprive him of the power to appoint officers,
and yet hold him to the correlative duty of taking
care that the laws are faithfully executed. It
is not to be denied, sir, that his conduct has
compelled us to withdraw temporarily from the
' President powers with which, in the days of
Washington and Lincoln, nay, even in the days
of Fillmore and Tyler, the people were content
to intrust him. But in this we have not vio-
lated the Constitution. The President errs
when he supposes that the duty to see, that the
laws are executed, and the power to choose and
control officers are coextensive or inseparable.
For, while the Constitution does make it his
duty to see that the laws are faithfully executed,
it does not empower him to appoint a single
officer. He shares that power with the Senate.
He may nominate himself, but he can only
appoint by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate. And yet, Mr. Speaker, the Con-
stitution does not require the Senate any more
than the House to see that the laws are faith-
fully executed. Now, this constitutional duty
i of the President is folly performed when he
uses such means as the lav provides for com-
pelling officers duly appointed to execute laws
duly enacted.
In his proclamation, that be "can never give
j his assent to be made responsible for the faith-
ful execution of laws and at the same time
surrender that trust and the powers which ac-
company it," meaning the appointing power,
he utterly overlooks the fact that the Constitu-
tion gives this power not to the President alone,
but to the President and Senate, or, at the op-
tion of Congress, to the heads of Departments
and the courts. In truth nine tenths of all the
officers are appointed by the heads of Depart-
ments and by the courts without the slightest
Soseibility of interference by the President.
iQes this relieve him of nine tenths of his
responsibility? Certainly it does if there is
anything in his argument. But there is noth-
ing in his argument. The Constitution in no
way connects the power of appointment with
the duty to see that the laws are faithfully
executed. The President is just as solemnly
bound to take care that the laws are faithfully
executed by the ninety officers appointed by
the courts or heads of Departments as by the
ten appointed by himself. In either case he
does his whole duty when he sees that all who
negleet to execute the laws are dealt with
according to the law.
The President observes in his last veto mes-
sage that " another ground on which our recon-
struction suets are defended is this: that these
ten States are conquered territory and their citi-
zens conquered people." He denies this very
emphatically, but gives no reasons. He con-
tents himself with the bald assertion that the
United States holds not a foot of land in those
regions by conquest except such as may have
belonged to the Federal Government. It might
be sufficient to meet assertion with counter
assertion, but the error lies so near the surface
that its exposure will necessitate but a mo-
ment's delay- The Supreme Court in the prize
cases decided that the late war of the rebellion
had " such character and magnitude as to give
the United States the same rights and powers
which they might exercise in the case, of a
national or foreign war.'' I believe these cases
were reported and this syllabus drawn by tho
same hand which drew the President's last veto
message. The opinion of the court coutains
these words:
"It is not necessary that th« independence of the
revolted province or State be acknowledged in order
to constitute it a party belligerent in a war according
to the law of nations." ****•• 'j;0
law of nations in also called the law of nature; it is
founded on the common consent as well as the com-
mon sense of the world. It contains no such anom-
alous doctrine as that which this court are now for
the first time, desired to pronounce, to wit: that
insurgents who have risen in rebellion against their
sovereign, expelled her courts, established a revolu-
tionary government, organized armies, and com-
menced hostilities, are not enemies, because they are
traitors; and a war levied on the Government by
traitors in order to dismember and destroy it is not
a war, because it is an ' insurrection.'* It is a propo-
sition never doubted tffiit the belligerent party who
claims to be sovereign may exercise both belligerent
and sovereign rights."
The President speaks of the Supreme Court
as "that august tribunal," and evinces the
deepest reverence for opinions of that court,
even when only gathered by far-fetched infer-
ence from immaterial acts of mere routine.
Let him not, then, treat with contempt this care-
fully expressed opinion. For it is so sound
and wise that he will in vain appeal from it
either to the American people or to Christen-
dom, either to the present generation or to.
posterity. Does the President mean that in
the late war the United States had not tho
same rights and powers which they would have
had in a war against a foreign enemy as the
Supreme Court decided? If they had does he
mean that the right to conquer the rebels was
not one of them, or does he mean that we did
not, in fact, conquer them ? If h« admits that
we had a right to conquer them and did con-
quer them, does he mean that conquest in.war
does not give tho conqueror the right to dis-
pose of the conquered, subject to no limita-
tions except those of humanity, of which he is
sole judge? The meaning of the President ia
obscure. But i£he asserts that in the late war
we had not belligerent rights, I appeal from
him to the undisputed doctrine of all the teach-
ers of international law recognized and en-
forced by our Supreme Court in the prize cases.
If he asserts that the right of conquest is not
a belligerent right, I appeal from him to that
august tribunal of public teachers, who have
written a contrary doctrine upon the tables of
international law. If he means that conquest
does not give the rights which we have exer-
cised in these reconstruction acts, all of them
to their utmost verge, I appeal from Uim to thq
same august tribunal. If he oceans that we
have not conquered the rebels ia feet, I appeal
from him to Grant, Sheridan, and Sherman.
Another reason which the President will
probably give for his veto of this bill will be
one which long ago became threadbare in his
hands. He will, I suppose, inform us that wa
pretended to wage this war for the preservation
of the Union ; that the measures of reconstruc-
tion which we have adopted suppose the rebels
to be out of the Union, and so our war has been
a failure. Well, sir, I frankly admit that if
had waged this defensive war against the rebel-
lion to compel these districts to enj<?y the rights
and privileges of States of the Union it would
have been a most wretched failure. But, sir,
we waged the war not to force febels to enjoy
privileges but to force them to perform duties.
We waged it to compel obedience to the na-
tional Constitution and laws and allegiance to
the national Union, not to force tliem to
retain the forms or enjoy the rights aud privi-
leges of State governments against their will.
If, sir, it were true that nobody could owe alle-
giance to the Union or obedience to the Con-
stitution except citizens of regularly organized
States, then indeed wag the war a failure. But
this is not true. The citizens of Colorado and
Dakota and South Carolina and Alabama are
just as certainly to-day subject to the national
Constitution and within the American Union
as are those of Wisconsin and Indiana. And
the only reason why South Carolina and Ala-
bama arc to-day subject to the Constitutioq
