isea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
This is an independent
The CHAIRMAN.
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BARNES. I move to strike out "for
himself and others" and insert "for others
than himself."
Mr. Chairman, I am inclined to think that
all taxation of this class of business will ope-
rate beneficially. There are gentlemen con-
nected with the business of brokers in the large
cities who are among the most respected mem-
bers of society, yet there are others whom it is
no interest of the Government to support by
legislation. If I may be allowed to use the
expression I would say that there are a large
number of men among brokers who are con-
sidered a nuisance to the trade. There are
men without capital to insure the safe fulfill-
ment of their engagements or for the custody
of money put into their hands. There are men
without reputation relying upon the introduc-
tion of friends to secure capital. There are
men without reputation of any kind. The
severe taxation of such men would be ben-
eficial.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read the next paragraph, as follows:
Commercial brokers shall each pay twenty dollars.
Any person whose business, it is, tor others, to nego-
tiate sales or purchases ot goods, wares, or merchan-
dise, or to negotiate ireights and other business lor
the owners of vessels, or lor the shippers or consign-
ors or consignees of freight carried by vessels, shall
regarded as a eommeicial broker.
Mr. SCHENCK. At the commencement
of the second sentence I move to strike out
"any" and insert "every."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move after the word
" merchandise " to insert—
Or to sell or to offer for sale as the agent of any
merchant, coinroejciul house, ormanutaciurer resid-
ing within the United States, goods, wares, or mer-
chandise by samples.oras agent to solicit.receive, or
transmit orders for goods, wares, or merchandise for
any mctcliant, commercial house, or manuiactuicr
wuhm the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read the next paragraph, as follows:
Foreign commercial brokers shall each pay a spe-
cial tax of So.000. Every per&on who makes it his
business to sell or offer lor sale, by samples or other-
wise, goods, wares, or merchandise of any descrip-
tion, as the agent of any merchant, commercial
house, or manutacturer, residing or heing without
the limits of the United States, or to negotiate m
any manner for such sale to be made by any such
merchant, commercial house, or manutactuier
abroad, or to solicit, receive, ©r transmit ordeis to
such merchant, commercial house, or manufacturer
abroad, shall be regarded as a foreign commercial
broker. Every foreign commercial broker shall be
required by the assessor or assistant assessor oi every
collection district in which he may so sell, or offer
for sale, or negotiate for th<* sale of, or solicit,
receive, or transmit ordeis for goods, wares, or mer-
chandise, for or to any such merchant, commercial
houfe  or manufacturer, residing or being without
the limitsot theUnited States, to produce the receipt
showing that the special tax herein provided for has
been duly paid to the assessor of some distnetwithin
the United States within the current year; and if it
shall appear that such tax has not been paid, or has
not been paid within thirty days after the 1st day of
May m such year, or upon such nefflect or refusal to
pioduccsuch tax receipt when so demanded by the
proper othcer, the party so delinquent shall be liable
to a penalty of $10,000, and shall, on conviction, be
fined not less than $10,000 nor more than 150,000, or
imprisoned not le.*>s than six months nor more than
two years: Provided, That no person shall be re-
garded as a foreign commercial broker within tho
meaning and for tho purposes of this act who, being
a retail dealer, wholesale dealer, commercial broker,
or manufacturer in the United States, pays the spe-
cial tax as such and makes returns of the amount of
his sales for assessment for the payment of any addi-
tional tax as requited by law.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by
striking out in lines sixty-four and sixty-five
the words ''shall pay a special tax of $5,000,''
and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
Whose actual sales do not exceed $1,000,000, shall
each pay a special tax of of $5,000: and when exceed-
ing $1,000,00(1, shall pay in addition five dollars tor
every &1,OOOtorsaloain excess ot $l,Q0O,OuQ.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I move further to strike
out the word "assessor" and insert "col-
lector. ''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move further to strike
out the words " or has not been paid within
thirty days after the 1st day of May in such
year."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CULLOM. I would like the chairman
of the committee to explain why he places the
special tax on foreign commercial brokers at
such a high figure. I understand the present
law does not tax them at all. This is a pretty
strong beginning.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is a class of men
to be found in all large cities, especially in
New York, who represent foreign manufac-
turers aud foreign commercial houses. They
have no local habitation or name. They have
no place of business. They are a species of
drummers upon a very large scale. They take
each of them a room for a few days at the
Astor House, again at the Fifth Avenue hotel,
and again at the Continental at Philadelphia,
and by exhibiting samples, taking orders, and
negotiating sales upon the samples and the
credentials they show, they do a business of
millions of dollars. Millions upon millions
are sold in this way without these foreign man-
ufacturers or commercial houses paying one
cent of tax to the United States. The conse-
quence is that they come into competition
with settled and fixed traders in this country
and with settled brokers in this country who
pay their regular tax. Now, the object of this
provision is to compel these men to come to
roost, to constrain them to open business
houses and do a regular business, to give an
account of their sales and pay as other com-
mercial traders do, or else on theirperil refuse
to pay the very large special tax which we im-
pose upon them, which is about the only way we
have of reaching them. For that purpose the
gentleman will see we have in the case of these
roving people gone a little further than in other
cases, and require them upon the demand of
an assessor to show that they have somewhere
within the United States iu some collection
district paid this heavy tax and are entitled to
carry on this large trade in the country; and
in default of that go to the penitentiary.
Mr. BLAINE. Is not this tax one which
may be very easily evaded ? A man reaches
New York, and if he makes his sales he finds
he has to pay $5,000. Can he not easily em-
ploy some person who had paid a fifty dollar
or $100 tax to do all this business?
Mr. SCHENCK, Very possibly ; but then
the trader he employs being a known per-
son, must make his returns, and we thus get
the tax.
Mr. BLAINE. But you do not get the
$5,000.
Mr. SCHENCK. No; but we get nothing
from these men now at all. The object is to drive
them either to become settled traders them-
selves, thus coming into competition with our
people, or else employ in this country settled
known traders who pay their tax in the regular
way.
Mr. BARNES. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. So far as New York city is
concerned, I am not aware that this class of
persons do as he has represented; and as to
their having no places of business in New
York, they have lofts as well as other places
where they are engaged in their business, and
I think it is a great hardship to impose a
higher tax on them than on wholesale dealers.
If you require them to pay as wholesale deal-
ers upon their sales or orders, it would be
right and just. In several instances they have
paid a license as commercial brokers. There
is a large number in the city of New York,
and this will drive them out entirely.
Mr. SCHENCK. The difficulty is that they
do not pay a tax as wholesale dealers, or if
they do they will escape this rigorous law. All
they have to do to escape the rigor of this law
is to become, as I said- before, regular dealers
in the country. But as it is now they pay
nothing at all. And so far from there not
being just such a class of men as I have de-
scribed in the city of New York, I suppose
if I have received one letter, I have received a
score of letters thanking the Committee of
Ways and Means for having made this pro-
vision for the defense of regular dealers as
against these roving chaps with commissions
from manufacturers and traders abroad.
Mr. STEWART. The difficulty is that you
will drive all this trade into the bands of the
importers. The large houses like Stewart &
Co., and Claflin, Mellen & Co., have agents
aboad whom they pay for staying there and
ordering goods for them. The manufacturers
abroad have agents in New York city and in
other cities to solicit orders and they are
merely acting as agents to the parties abroad
who fill the orders. Now, by this provision
you will drive that branch of trade out of the
country.
Mr. SCIIE1STCK._ The gentleman will ob-
serve that this applies only to agents who are
the agents of foreign commercial houses and
foreign manufacturers, and not to the repre-
sentatives of our own legitimate traders.
The Clerk read the nest paragraph, as
follows:
Custom-house brokers shall each pay ten dollars.
Every person whose business it is. as tho agent of
othexs, to arrange entries and other custom-house
papers, or transact busines3 at any port of entry
relating to the importation or exportation of goods,
wares, or merchandise, shall be regarded as a cus-
tom-house broker.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to offer the
following amendment:
Page 97, line ninety-nine, strike out the word
" ten" and insert in lieu thereof " twentyso that
it will read: "Custom-houso brokers shall each pay
twenty dollars."
The amendment was agroed to.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
Insurance agents, whose annual receipts from fees
and commissions do not exceed $'^.000. shall each pay
ten dollars; when exceeding $2,000, shall each pay
twenty dollars. Every person who, lor pay, shall
act as agent to negotiate or procure insurance tor
any fire, marine, life, mutual, or other insurance
company or companies authorized by any law of the
United States or of any State, shall bo regaided as
an insurance agent.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Page 97, line one hundred and six, after the word
"commissions" insert the words " exceed $500 and
so tha t it will read: " Insurance agents, whose annual
receipts from fees and commissions exceed £500 and
do not exceed $2,000, stiall each pay ten dollars."
Mr. ALLISON. There is no objection to
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BARNES. I would like to inquire of
tho chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means how in this particular instance they pro-
pose to ascertain the amount of receipts of
insurance agents? So far as my knowledge
extends they are generally a class of itinerants
and do business for a large number of com-
panies, and their statistics are in their pockets
or in their heads. I make the inquiry for
information, and if the suggestion which I
make is correct I think the clause had better
be amended so as to fix a specified tax which
shall apply to them as individuals instead of a
tax on their receipts.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman-will find
that there is a general section further along in
the bill providing that monthly returns shall
be made in all these cases. As a matter of
course there may be difficulty with itinerant
persons, but there is the same law now.
Mr. BARNES. In order that this matter
may be further discussed I move to strike out
'• $'2,000" and insert " $3,000" in lieu thereof.
I desire to say that probably nine tenths of
the insurance done in the city of New York is
done by agents—by agents who travel from
one office to another and solicit this business
from large houses, who do their insurance
business almost entirely through agents. Al-
most every commercial house has an agent
