578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
and in the Union is that the war was success-
ful, aud by the bayonet we forced them into
that condition.
But, sir, we hare not been stupid enough to
expend so much of life and treasure to .force
them to enjoy any rights or privileges, whether
of State semi-sovereignty or of any other kind.
That concerned them vastly more than it con-
cerned us. We were willing they should enjoy
them; nay, we preferred that. But, sir, we
never thought of fighting to enforce it. Our
object was not, like that of our friends on the
other side, to conduct the war in> such a way as
to preserve carefully to the rebels while fight-
ting and when conquered all their States
rights, privileges, organizations, and power in
the Feaeral Government, so that as soon as
conquered they might witife the help of their
northern friends rule again the nation they had
failed to ruin, and as soon as possible there-
after be prepared by the accumulation of fresh
resonrces, again to attempt the overthrow of
the Union and the Constitution. We fought
to save the nation, to save the constitutional
government under which it exists, with its sys-
tem of national, State, municipal, and individ-
al rights fully and finally vindicated. Across
our track we found the confederacy and the
rebel State governments, and we smote it rihd
them and saved the nation.
Mr. Speaker, the first and second great pro-
visions of this legislation declare the southern
governments illegal as State governments and
place these districts under military power. Its
third great feature is that it secures the right
of suffrage to the colored citizens of the Repub-
lic. This also the President opposes, it is
true that after the reconstruction of State gov-
ernments shall have been consummated and
the Federal arm withdrawn it will be theoreti-
cally possible for the States to disfranchise
them; but this will not be a practical possibil-
ity, for the blacks themselves will have a voice
and a vote on the question of their own dis-
franchisement, and for an indefinite period of
time they will be so strong that it will not be
done without their consent. Far, far hence
will be the day when they will give their con-
sent. Justice demanded this at our hands on
the day when the dying echoes of the last rebel
gun were sounding in our ears. But prejudice,
timid and pusillanimous, stood in our way, as
did green-eyed jealousy in the way of our Dem-
ocratic adversaries. At last love of life, more
potent than duty or prejudice, came to the res-
cue. We saw that there was no safety, abso-
lutely no safety, to the nation except upon the
solid rock of loyal reconstruction; that to such
loyal reconstruction loyal majorities were indis-
pensable ; that we could not have majorities of
white votes, and therefore must either have
black votes or not have the majorities. Thank
God, the necessities of the nation thus rose up
as handmaidens to duty. While future gen-
erations must award to Congress the honor of
this great step in human progress, they will
not fail to record who was the President who
used the power conferred upon him by Union
men to thwart and hinder it. And by this bill
we entrust the execution of this plan hence-
forth to the man whose duty it will be, as our
next President, to carry it to a final consum-
mation.
These are the main features of our work
The rest are important, but subordinate. We
have provided a system of registration intended,
and, I believe, well calculated, to secure legal
elections. We have prepared an antidote for
the bane of presidential pardons. We have
made the iron-clad oath the touchstone of offi-
cial qualification. We have relieved the Attor-
ney General from all responsibility and anx-
iety about the execution of these laws. And
finally, we have provided that our agents shall
aim in the execution of the law to carry out
our real meaning and not by so-called strict
construction thwart it.
And there stands our work. Red-handed
rebels cannot now resist it. Their northern
allies will be powerless to undermine it. Their
presidential agent will be puzzled to evade it.
Lukewarm, timid friends will not defeat it.
The gates of hell shall not prevail against it.
It will be blessed of God, and through it .the
Republic will be saved and purified, to be per-
petuated, I hope and trust, to remote genera-
tions.
| Mr. KERR obtained the floor.
[ The SPEAKER. As the hour of the gen-
' tleraan from Indiana will not expire until five
. minutes after half past four, the time fixed for
■ taking a recess, if there be no objection the
House will not take a recess until the expira-
tion of his hour.
No objection was made.
1 sale of arsenal grounds.
Mr. PILE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 45) providing for the
I sale of the arsenal grounds at St. Louis and
j Liberty, Missouri, and for other purposes;
i which was read afirst and second time, referred
I to the Committee on Military Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
postal telegraph system, etc.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads are hereby directed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of providing by low for the adoption of a
postal telegraph system in connection with the Post
Office Department; and that said committee also in-
quire into the expediency and necessity of modifying
i or repealing altogether the franking privilege; and
that they report by blil or otherwise.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object.
reconstruction again.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill reported by the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, the depth and
earnestness of the conviction on my mind that
this proposed legislation is utterly vicious and
unfit to become a law is so great that it excites
in my mind painful apprehension for the welfare
of our country. I look upon it, sir, as no mat-
ter of passing interest; as no act of ordinary
legislation, as no question about which men as
mere politicians may wrangle or quarrel. It
impresses my mind as involving the very life,
the very fundamental principles of this Gov-
ernment ; and it is for this reason that I oppose
it. I tremble when I reflect that it is proposed
by the majority in this House, by this kind of
law, to wipe out of existence every limitation
upon their power as a party in this country,
and to assume almost the power to establish a
king; or at least a dictator over a part of our
country. I do not envy them the position that
will be assigned to them by the future historian
of our country and of the political conflicts of
this day; and pardon me here for saying that
if that distinguished gentleman who seems to
be the predestined candidate of this party for
the Presidency this year elects to make this bill
his platform, then, in my humble judgment,
the people of this country will furnish to the
future historian another illustrious example of
an "engineer hoist with his own petard."
Mr. Speaker, gentlemen upon the other side
of this House, from the distinguished gentle-
man who opened this debate [Mr. Bingham]
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth,] may sneer at our constitutional objec-
tions. They may tell the House and the coun-
try that it is a joke to come in here and say
that anything they propose to do is in violation
of the fundamental law of the country; but
if gentlemen can find any argument in that kind
of thing they are welcome to it. I have heard
no new arguments in favor of the constitution-
ality or the validity of this law in this discus-
sion. I have heard nothing that has not hitherto
fallen upon my ear in this House. Aye, Mr.
Speaker, I may say that even the magnificent
rhetoric of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] is not new. It does not fall here
upon unfamiliar ears ; and I may say more,
that the people of this country demand at the
hands of this Congress something more than
magnificent or maudlin rhetoric and limping
logic. They must go to the very pith and marrow
of this thing, and convince the judgments of
the people by fair and just reasoning, not by
appeals to hate and passion, that these schemes
are constitutional and designed to promote the
welfare of the people, and notmerely to advance
the interests of party, or they will some day
be brought to a realization of the folly and
crime of their refusal to do it. Can it be done ?
I think not, and hence the failure to attempt it.
The honorable gentleman who opened this
debate [Mr. Bingham] undertook to say vari-
ous hard thing3 about the Democratic party
and their opposition to these measures upon
constitutional grounds. So far as the Dem-
ocratic party is concerned, of which I am so
humble a member, I beg leave to say to the
; gentleman that when we desire to preseut our-
; selves to the country upon principles and a
platform we know how to do it and need no
!, aid from him. And when he undertakes to
! attribute to us purposes that are not ours; when
he undertakes to say that we would pay the
rebel debt, or pension rebel soldiers, or pay
for emancipated slaves, or repudiate the pay-
ment of a dollar of our own public debt, or to
say that we are in any sense a reactionary
party, he utters what, in my judgment—and
if he does not know it the country knows it—
' is utterly baseless. The Democratic party is
; not, never was, and, until it changes its great
principles, never can be a reactionary party.
It is conservative and reformatory—not revo-
lutionary. Its high destiny is to build up and
preserve—not to subvert and destroy.
Now, that honorable gentleman, in the out-
set of his remarks yesterday, it seemed to me,
in cruel irony, if not in solemn mockery of
the intelligence of the people of this country,
undertook to say that in his judgment the
Supreme Court of the United States, if it ever
! passed upon this law, would hold it to be con-
stitutional. Why, sir, does the honorable
gentleman forget that in the very first section
of his bill the'provision is inserted that the
validity of none of these governments shall be
recognized either by the executive or judicial
power or authority of the United States?
The other day that last citadel of the lib-
erties of the people of this country, hitherto
uninvaded, in which preside those magistrates
who are supposed to be above the mere squab-
bles, contentions, or passions of party—that
citadel was invaded, and an attempt was made
to gag them in the exercise of their high and
solemn duties. It is now the pleasure of the
honorable gentleman from Ohio to go a step
further in that direction, and to say that not
only shall not a majority of that tribunal pass
upon this law, but the entire court shall not do
it. And then, by a provision at the end of this
bill, it is provided that if they attempt to exer-
cise that high power, and to hold that this law
is unconstitutional, they are to be lashed into
obedience to the behests of a party by a fine
of $5,000: and then he talks to us about the
Supreme Court admitting the constitutionality
of this law. The bill further suspends over
the magistrates who preside in that court, and
over the President, a threat of partisan im-
peachment, because an attempt to esercise
such forbidden jurisdiction by them is therein
declared to be a "high misdemeanor;" and
under the Constitution such offenses, if pre-
viously so declared by law, may be made the
ground of impeachment against such officers.
It is in this way that the purity and indepen-
dence of the judiciary are to be preserved. It
is in this way, and by this kind of machinery,
that gentlemen on the other side of the House
seek to protect the rights and liberties of the
people. May God save the people from such
protection !
Mr. Speaker, if it is in this way that the
institutions of this country are to be preserved
by this party, I can tell them that the country
will discharge them from the sacred offices
they now hold, and which, in my judgment,
(meaning no personal offense,) they abuse by
passing this kind of law.
Mr. Speaker, it is said—for, despite the
sneers that sometimes come to the faces of
gentlemen, I propose to invite attention to
