462
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Ho. 01? Eeps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Covode.
4'0th Cong....2d Sess.'
ccase hostilities toward our citizens the Gov-
ernment, by whose authority they were acting,
would make liberal treaties aud fulfill them to
the letter. Generals Sherman and Harney, as
did the other commissioners, gave their per-
sonal assurances to the Indians that these
tliiu o.s should be doue ; and, sir, Congress can-
not with any degree of propriety adjourn with-
out appropriating this money. To do so would
be an insult to these commissioners and dis-
grace this body.
The old stereotype plea, that "If the money
is appropriated it will be stolen," will not
answer .here. The brave Lieutenant General
who, upon a hundred battle-fields, has bared
his breast to the iron hail of death for his coun-
try's sake,, who lias directed the expenditure
of untold millions of the publie treasure, is not
tlift man to countenance anything of the kind ;
and I venture the assertion that the individual
does not live who dare approach either Harney
or Terry with a proposition, that savors of cor-
ruption. It would require stronger evidence
than I have ever yet heard to satisfy me that
a single dollar of the money which was placed
in the hands of this commission has either been
squandered or misapplied, or that either of its
members would be guilty of such an act.
Now, sir, 1 have to say in conclusion, that jus-
tice to these Indians, economy iu administering
the affairs of the Government, security to the
lives and property of our citizens, the growth
and prosperity of the great West, all demand
the settlement of our Indian difficulties ; and
to this end I ask that our treaty stipulations
with these tribes be carried out in good faith,
and that the necessary amount of money for
this purpose be at once appropriated.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. JOIIN COVODE,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House op Representatives,
July 2-1, 18G8,
On the bill to provide for tho more speedy reorgan-
ization of the States of Virginia, Mississippi, aud
Texas, aud for other purposes.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, having no
ambition higher than that of a practical aud
useful legislator, I have not sought to obtrude
my opinions upon the attention of the House
concerning tho many grave and important
questions which have excited such deep and
pervading public interest during this session,
tetill, I have followed them with earnest anx-
iety in all the varying and stirring phases
through which they have passed, and my re-
cords d votes during a long period of struggle
and difficulty between the Executive on the
one side, sustained by all the powers and pat-
ronage which he controls, and the people's
representatives on the other, must speak for
me in the place of professions, which are easily
made and as readily forgotten. Our acts are
more enduring than our words, and iu referring
to my votes I have the consciousness at least of
having endeavored to do right, and am willing
to confront all the responsibility which they
involve.
The people whom Lliave the honor to repre-
sent have large material interests, the prosper-
ity of which greatly depends upon the wise and
fostering legislation of Congress. They seek
no undue privileges, and desire no unreason-
able piotection. All that they ask is that their
honest labor shall not be reduced by a false
and pernicious policy to the level of the pauper
labor of Europe, with its ignoiance, poverty,
and degradation. They believe, as I do, that
the encouragement of our home industry is the
true path to national greatness, the best bond
of real union, and the only certain means of
restoring the national credit. Entertaining
these convictions, my best efforts have been
exerted to promote a policy which would give
them a practical effect and carry out in detail
the benefits which that policy is intended to
secure to American labor.
Various causes which are well understood by
the country have prevented Congress from
perfecting such a tariff bill as the friends of
protection desire and intend to pass. But
much progress lias been made in shaping the
measure, which will be brought forward in De-
cember next, and under circumstances far
more advantageous than now exists. In this
connection it may be stated that my personal
endeavors before the proper committee were
suceessfuly employed in retaining the existing
rate of duty on coal against a powerful" effort
made to reduce it. And in the new bill re-
ported to the House the duty on salt has been
so raised as to benefit that interest consider-
ably.
Without adequate protection the laboring
man "who earns his bread by the sweat of his
brow cannot be fairly rewarded for his toil.
The cost of living aud the prices of provisions
have incieased iu a greaterratio than the wages
of labor, consequently the miner, the coal-
heaver, aud the working masses generally have
the greatest stake in the tariff.
Aud while upon this subject it is proper for
me to call the attention of the House and of
the country to a new combination that is now
being formed to revive ths reciprocity treaty
with the British Provinces, which we succeeded
in extinguishing not many years ago. If that
scheme should succeed it would work immense
injury to our laboring classes. The effect of
such a treaty would be to admit the products
ol the low-priced labor of the British colonies
into direct competition with our own better
rewarded aud superior labor, and to compel it
to submit to the conditions of a system repul-
sive to every American instinct, or to remain
idle.
For example, coal is now protected by a duty
of §1 25 per ton in gold, which experience
shows to be absolutely necessary to sustain the
trade and to furnish the miners with fair wages.
Reciprocity, as it is called, would destroy that
interest or so ciipple it as to involve the ulti-
mate ruiu of all enterprise in mining opera-
tions, by which thousands of families would be
involved in poverty aud distress. Lumber and
agricultural pioducts would alsu suffer in a
corresponding degree. If we are to return to
specie payments and to resume what may be
called the normal condition of pcace, it is abso-
lutely necessary to reduce the extravagance aud
to lop off the excrescences which have grown
outofthe war. A disturbed condition of things,
naturally incident to the close of so mighty a
struggle as that through which the country
recently passed, has withdrawn attention from
those practical and economical questions that
are so important in adjusting the operations
of Government and its relations to the industry
and enterprise of the people. The time has
come when they must be considered, if we
would preserve our credits and avoid the dan-
ger of bankruptcy.
The first step in this direction is to reduce
the public expenditures to the actual wants of
the Government, iairly and even liberally ad-
ministered. Let us retrench, not in a narrow
or niggardly spirit, but by striking off what is
not really needed m the Army, tiie Navy, the
Indian department, and the civil service. It is
competent to reduce at least $50,000,000 a year
in these different branches, whichofitself would
pay the interest on one third of our whole
national debt, and thus diminish taxation to
that extent.
The next step is to so modify and improve
the tariff as that, our home industry may be
better encouraged aud protected, and that
excessiveimportatious may be checked. Under
the present system the day of specie payments
is indefinitely adjourned and the hope of it is
rendered both distant and dismal. Let us take
a few startling facts to guide our conclusions
in this matter. The official return of importa-
tions for the eleven months ending .May 81^
1868, amounted to $223,241,447. Our expoi'ts
for the same period summed up $1G0.249,5*20.
By deducting'the one frum'tbc'ottier it will b'^
found that there was a balance of trade against'
us in these figures of some sixty'million dollars
in round numbers. And the Treasury reports
show that we actually exported .$04,480',25S
in gold to pay the difference "during the past
eleven mouths, thus exceedingly $20,000,000
the export in a previous jienqd.... ,Tiius it is
seen mat we are daily draining tlife country of
those precious metals which ought to form the
reserve for resuming' specie payments by im-
portations that are destroying our own indus:
try aud enriching the manufacturers of Europe,
It may be safely assumed that every dollar of
the §75,000,000 of gold and silver produced in
the United States goes abroad to pay for the
extravagance and tolly of our present ruinous
system, to say nothing of the gold interest-
bearing bouds which are constantly flowing in
the same direction, aud which are now held
abroad to the extent of $70ff,000,000! This
vast leak must be stopped or it will involve lis
in discredit and financial revulsion. No nation
can continue to expend its resources without
augmenting its production aud expect to escape
bankruptcy. Tfi'e road to ruin is certain unfess
we produce what we need and save our capital
to extinguish an oppressive debt. We are now
burning the candle at both ends, and must sooa
expect to be without light. Last year We
boughtsixly-tive millions'morethau our income
allowed or our production could pay for, and
in order to make the difference good we took
that amount from our gold capital which should
have been applied to the development of enter:
prise at home or to the reduction of the public
burdens. " ' ,
Our expenses "are far greater than is consist-
ent with the simplicity of republican institu-
tions or with duty to ourselves, in view of the
enormous debt and obligations which the "re-
bellion entailed upon the nation. But they
have been vastly augmented by the culpable
misconduct of the Administration, instead
of seekiug to retrench, aud to economize, t'hey
have striven apparently to squander the rev-
enues, aud to consume the taxes, by the most
willful aud wanton System of prodigality. I
will barely glance at a few examples ot this
deliberate wastefulness, tor which no color of
excuse can be found. The expenses of the
Navy Department are not only extravagant,
but they are wholly indefensible for a time of
peace, and particularly so in v ew of the finan-
cial condition of the country. And this re-
sponsibility belongs entirely to the head of that
Department. During ti.e civil war, wheu rsbel
cruisers, built in England and h'rancs, were
roaming the seas and destroying our com-
merce, that officer failed to furnish ships for
the protection of that great interest, and the
American flag was almost swept from the
ocean. The diplomatic correspondence re-
veals the most culpable neglect and inefficiency
iu this lespect, and when, finally, iu answer
to the urgent appeals of our ministers abroad,
a few vessels were detailed lor that service,
they were not only unsuited to the duty, but
no system wasadopted by which their imperfect
qualities might be made useful. Thus we had
| to struggle through the war.
j But when peace came and when every
I dictate of prudence counseled retrenchment,
I what course did the Secretary of the Navy pur-
' sue ? One of his first acts was to fit out a mag-
nificent squadron for Europe, consisting of
seven or eight ships, without the least neces-
sity whatever. That squadron has been parad-
j ing through the wateis of Europe for now
| nearly three years, mainly on cruises of pleas-
! ure and atv.ist expense, every dollar of which
j might be saved by its lecall. Vv'e did without
| it m war, and we can certainly dispense with
! it in peace. Our ministers and consuls, it they
