1962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March: 18,
fore, to assure tliem that such fears were
groundless, this provision was inserted in the
Constitution. And, sir, it will be observed
that this provision does not bind the States to
keep forever the forms of government they
then had, but left them free to change them
and substitute others in their stead, provided
only that they should be republican in form.
But, sir, the gentleman has invoked the tes-
timony of James Madison, and I, too, will
appeal to that authority, wliioh 1 maintain for-
tifies my view of this question beyond contro-
versy. So jealous were the people of the
several States of the perpetuity of their then
existing State governments that they even
feared at that time that the General Govern-
ment might do precisely what we are doing
now, that it might seize upon this very guar-
antee as a pretext for interfering with and
destroying the rights and institutions of the
several States ; and to quiet these apprehen-
sions Mr. Madison wrote the following, which
may be found in the twenty-first number of the
Federalist:
"It may be asked what need there could be of such
a precaution, and whether it may not become the
pretext for alterations in the State governments
without the concurrence of the States. These ques-
tions admit of ready answers. It the interposition
ot the General Government should not be needed the
provision for such an event will be harmless super-
fluity only in the Constitution. But who can say
what experiments may bepioduced by the caprice
ot particular States, by the ambition ot enterprising
leaders, or by tho intrigues of foreign Powers? To
the second question it may be answered that if the
General Government should interpose by virtue of
this constitutional authonty it will, of course, be
bound to pursue the authority. But the authority
extends no lui ther than a guai antee of a republican
form uf government, which supposes a preexisting
government ot tho iorm which is to be guarantied.
Whenever the States may choose to substitute oher
republican iorins they have a light to d'u so, and to
claim the Jfederaiguaranteofortliolattcr. Theonly
restuction imposed upon theui is that they shall not
exchange republican lur auii-iepubhcan constitu-
tions, a restiiction which, it is presumed, will hardly
bo considered as a grievance."
From this, sir, it seems to me too plain for
controversy that the clause in the Constitution
upon which the gentleman relies for his author-
ity for this ruthless attempt to strip the several
States ot' the last badge of independence and
sovereignty—the right to regulate the elective
franchise within their own territorial jurisdic-
tion to suit themselves—so far from justifying
such a high-handed and revolutionary meas-
ure, is a pledge of the General Government to
maintain and preserve the State governments
in existence, and not tear down and destroy
them. It had reference to the State govern-
ments in existence anterior to and at the time
of the adoption of tho Federal Constitution.
It recognizes them as republican in form, al-
though, as! have remarked, ever.y one of them
except one recognized the institution of negro
slavery and protected that species of property
by positive laws, and notwithstanding every
solitary one of them denied to the negro, bond
or free, the right of citizenship and suffrage.
And now, sir, I would ask if it is to be as-
sumed that the framers of our Constitution
were too ignorant and stupid to understand
what it required to constitute a republican form
of government? They found all the State gov-
ernments, precisely as a large majority of them
are to-day, denying the negro race any partici-
pation m the elective franchise ; they recog-
nized those governments as being republican
in iorm, and they promised the several States
in this provision in the Constitution to guar-
anty those preexisting governments or any
others the States might see ^proper to substi-
tute in their stead, provided they should be re-
publican in form; and will gentlemen say that
these statesmen and sages to whom we have
been taught to look with such veneration, and
whose hallowed shades are so often and so elo-
quently invoked on this floor, were so ignorant
as not to know that these State governments
were anti-republican, or that they were so base
as to provide the very means for their destruc-
tion under the deceitful pretense of protecting
them and providing for their perpetuity ?
But if those State governments were re-
publican in form then they aro equally so now.
And if the General Government had no au-
thority to compel _the several States to admit
negro voters then it has none now. But carry
the logic of the other side a little further, sir.
If it is anti-republican to exclude a certain
class from voting then it was anti:republican
to recognize and protect the institution of
slavery. But did the framers of the Federal
Constitution so regard it, does the Constitution
itself, in the light of which we must interpret
all laws enacted under it, so regard it? Not
at all, sir; for the Constitution expressly pro-
vides for the security of that kind of property,
by providing for the rendition of fugitive slaves
from their masters, and prohibits any inter-
ference by congressional enactment with the
importation of slaves before the year 1808. But,
sir, there is another consideration which, it
seems to me, places thisqnestion still further be-
yond dispute. When the Convention assembled
to frame the Constitution of the United States
they found each State not only in possession
of a republican form of government in com-
plete operation which it promised in the Con-
stitution to guaranty and protect, but an es-
sential feature, the grand fundamental right,
the very corner-stone of those State govern-
ments was the right of each State to regulate
the exercise of tho rights of suffrage for itself.
They found each State in possession of this
right, indeed it is impossible to conceive how
a republican form of government could exist
willioutit. They expressly recognized the exist-
ence of this right in the States by leaving
them to fix the qualifications for electors for
members of Congress and presidential electors.
And nowhere, from the beginning to the end
of the Constitution, did they pretend to alter
or interfere with that right in any way. They
neither delegated to Congress the power to in-
terfere with, nor prohibited its full and free
exercise by the several States. Here, then, the
argument ought to close. This ought to be con-
clusive of the whole question, for the tenth
article of the amendments to the Constitution
expressly declares that—
"The powers not delegated to the United States by
tho Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to tho States respectively or to the
people."
Where, I repeat, is the power delegated to
Congress by the Constitution to throttle a State
and force it to permit anybody to vote con-
trary to the free will of its people? Where is
the individual State prohibited from declaring
who shall or who shall not be voters within its
ownterritorialjurisdiction? Why, Mr. Speaker,
the majority of this House stand committed
upon the record in the most solemn manner
to the doctrine that the right to regulate the
question of suffrage is one of the rights of the
States, so sacred and so essential to their very
existence as such that while they have sought
to influence it they have not even dared to at-
tempt to take it away by constitutional amend-
ment. Let me call the attention of tho House,
sir, to the second section of the fourteenth pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution. It says:
"Sec. 2. ^Representatives shall be apportioned
among the several States according to their respect-
ive numbers, counting the whole number of persons
in each State, excluding Indians not taxed. But
when the right to vote at any election for the choice
of electors for President and Vice President of the
United States, Representatives in Congress, the exec-
utive and judicial officers of a State, or the members
of tho Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the
male inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one
years of age and citizens ol' the United States, or in
any way abridged, except for participation in rebel-
lion or other crime, the basis of representation
therein shall be reduced in the proportion which the
number of such male citizens shall bear to the whole
number of male citizens twenty-one years of age iu
such State."
Now, sir, this provision expressly recog-
nizes the right in each State to permit the
negro to vote or not, as it shall see proper, and
only seeks to enforce his enfranchisement by
cutting down the representation of such States
as may deprive him of the right of voting. If
Congress has the right to compel the States to
allow him to vote, where is the necessity of
this constitutional amendment? It is true, sir,
that I deny that this amendment has been rati-
fied in the manner prescribed by the Constitu-
tion ; and I think if the American people are
left to the untrammeled exercise of their own
free wills it never will be; but I know that
many gentlemen entertain a contrary opinion;
and I would ask them if they are not satisfied
to stand by the principle they have themselves
so explicitly recognized? Will they never be
satisbed? Will they, like the insatiate horse-
leech, continually cry, "Give! give?" But
if you really thought it necessary or proper to
compel each State to enfranchise the negro
why did you not insert it in this amendment?
Because, sir, you knew that instead of such an
amendment receiving the ratification of a soli-
tary State they would unanimously, instantly,
and indignantly repel such a stab at their most
vital interests, and you dared not put them to
the test.
But, Mr. Speaker, I know of what little con-
sequence it is to appeal to the Constitution on
this side of the House. I know with what
plausible sophistry such objections to any
measure are usually met; and I can only say,
sir, that my conviction is that such wanton
violations of the fundamental law as is here
attempted will, if carried into execution, "re-
turn to plague the inventor" as surely as there
is retributive justice in Heaven. Strike down
the right of the States to regulate the question
of suffrage in this instance, and another inno-
vation predicated upon this as a precedent will
take place in the next Congress, and as pre-
cedents multiply the facility for revolutionary
legislation will increase until State rights, State
institutions, and State governments wilt be
swept away and all political power consoli-
dated in the hands of a centralized despotism.
Instead of each State having the right to man-
age and regulate its own domestic concerns in
accordance with the peculiar wants, tastes, and
dispositions of its own people, as was contem-
plated in the formation of the Federal Union,
one section will lord it over another. Repre-
sentation will be so regulated and controlled
by the centralized power that the material
interests of that section which, from its numeri-
cal strength, can exercise a predotninantvoice
in the Government, will be fostered and pro-
moted at the expense of the weaker sections.
This, as it has done in all ages and countries
the world over, will lead to domestic strife and
civil war, and to guard against this immense
standing armies must be kept battening like
vampyres upon the body-politic until it sinks
away the hopeless, helpless, enervated victim
of a remorseless despotism. It is idle, sir, to
say that a great and powerful people cannot
be deprived of their liberties, liome was once
as free and the Roman citizcn as proud of his
name and prestige as you are to-day. Yet,
look at the lazzaroni and banditti of Italy, and
see what a great and powerful and free people
may in process of ages become by an abandon-
ment of the fundamental guarantees of human
liberty, by failing to keep the elective fran-
chise and the administration of public affairs
in the hands of those who are qualified by their
virtue, intelligence, and position in society to
exercise them properly. Let any man read
the history of the transition of Rome from the
republic to the empire, and he will find we are
treading, step by step, the same path that led
her to internecine war and ultimate despotism.
First the manumission and then the enfran-
chisement of her slaves.
But, sir, it seems to me that if a decent re-
gard for the plainest requirements of the Con-
stitution would not be sufficient to restrain me
from giving my assent to this measure, a sense
of self-preservation would, particularly if my
interests were in those sections of the Union
wheretherearethefewestnumberofnegroes. I
know that gentlemen may felicitate themselves
with the idea that the consequences of permit-
ting the negro to vote will not be felt materially,
whatever they may be, in their own peculiar
sections, because there are but few of them
there, and it is true it may not have a per-
ceptible influence on their local elections,
