1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$987
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
that. It is only reenacting the law as declared
by the Supreme Court.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. In sec-
tion ninety-six, on page 130 of the bill, the gen-
tleman will find a provision covering the same
ground as his amendment.
Mr. BROOMALL. I find thatisso. I with-
draw the amendment.
No further amendment was offered.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
Dealers in lottery tickets shall each pay $100.
Evexy person who shall sell, or offer for saie, lottery
tickets, or fractional parts thereof, or any token,
certificate, or device representing orintended to rep-
resent a lo ttery ticket, or any fractional part thereof,
or any policy or combination of numbers in any lot-
tery. or the evidence in any form of any chance or
interest in the drawing of any lottery, shall be
regarded as a dealer in lottery tickets.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by in-
serting before the words ''shall be regarded,"
near the close of the paragraph, the following
words:
Or who shall make, receive, or record as a writer,
or in any other way, either with or without backers,
any wager or bet on the drawing of any number or
cumbers in any lottery.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read the next paragraph, as follows:
Proprietors of gift enterprises shall each pay $500
Jlvery person who shall sell or offer for sale any real
estate or article of merchandise of any description,
or any ticket of admission to any exhibition or per-
formance, with a promise, expressed or implied, to
give or bestow any article or thing to the purchaser
of such leal estate, merchandise, or ticket, or shall
in any manner hold out the promise of gift or be-
stowal of any article or thing, shall be regarded as a
proprietor of a gitt enterprise. No such proprietor,
in consequence of being thus taxed, shall be exempt
from paying any other tax imposed by law, and the
special tax herein required shall be in addition
thereto.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out the
words "or implied, to give or bestow any,"
and insert " implied or contingent, to give or
bestow."
The amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of the
Whole, in pursuance of the order of the House,
will now take a recess until half past seven
o'clock to-night.
The committee accordingly (at four o'clock
and forty minutes p. m.) took a recess until
half past seven o'clock p. m.
V
EVENING SESSION.
At half past seven o'clock the House reas-
sembled in Committee of the Whole on the
stale of the Union, (Mr. Pomerox in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the special
order, being thebill (H. R. No. 1060) to reduce
into one act and to amend the laws relating to
internal taxes.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no amendment
pending, and the Clerk will proceed with the
reading of the bill.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
Architects and civil engineers shall each pay ten
dollars. Every person whose business it is to plan,
design, or superintend the construction of buildings,
ships, roads, bridges, canals, or_ railroads, shall be
regarded as an architect and civil engineer: 1 ro-
vided, That this shall not include a practical car-
penter who plans only the building on which ho
labors.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next paragraph, as follows :
Buildcr3 andeontractors shall each pay ten dollars.
Every person whoso business it is, by contract, to
construct buildings, vessels, bridges, wharves, canals,
turnpikes or raihoads, or to remove buildings and
whose receipts from such contracts excecd $L,ouU
in any one year, shall be regarded as a builder and
contractor.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the uext paragraph, as follows:
Plumbers and gas-fitters shall each pay as retail or
wholesale dealers, according to the amount or their
annual sales, ilvcry person whose business it is to
fit, furnish, or soli plumbing materials, gas-pipes,
gas-burners, or other gas-fixtures, shall be regarded
as a plumber and gas-litter.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
as follows:
Assayed assaying gold or silvor of a value not
exceeding in one year $250,000, shall each pay $100,
and $200 when the value exceeds $250,000, and $500
when the value exceeds $590,000. Any person whose
business it is to separate gold or silver from other
metals or mineral substanees with which such gold
or silver, or both, are alloyed or combined, or to
ascertain and determine the quantity of gold or sil-
ver in any ore, alloy, or combination with other
metals, shall be deemed an assayer.
Mr. HIG-BY. I move to strike out the last
sentence.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that portion
of the paragraph should be stricken out. It
does not well enough define the business re-
ferred to. A person in what is called the
quartz mining business, who separates the
dross from the gold, which makes it the pure
article, may be an assayer under this defini-
tion. If there isSiny member of the Commit-
tee of Ways and'Means here, I would like to
know whether this is the language of the
present law in the definition of an assayer?
Mr. MAYNARD. It is in substance the
same as the law now is.
Mr. HIGBY. The gentleman says the lan-
guage is the same in substance. I want the
language to be precisely the same, so that
there shall be no mistake about it. It reads
here as though a certain class of miners might
be construed to be assayers.
Mr. MAYNARD. I find the language of
the present law is precisely the same.
Mr. STEWART. The word " occupation"
is omitted.
Mr. MAYNARD. The law reads "business
or occupation." It is substantially the same.
Mr. HIGBY. I withdraw my amendment.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read the next paragraph, as follows :
Miners shali each pay ten dollars.. Every person
who shall employ others in the business of mining
for coal, or for gold, silver, copper, lead, iron, zinc,
spelter, or other minerals, not having paid the tax
therefor as a manufacturer, and whose receipts from
such business shall annually exceed $1,000, shall be
regarded as a miner.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. I move an amendment
from the committee by striking out the words
" not haying paid the tax therefor as a' manu-
factured ''
Mr*' HIGBY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I would like to have some explanation
of'it.
Mr. MAYNARD. The explanation of the
'amendment is this : that the words are simply
surplusage; they mean nothing, because we
tax no manufacturers.
Mr. HIGBY. You did in the original law.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is simply a tran-
script from the original law, and inasmuch as
the manufacturers are not now taxed the words
have no meaning.
Mr. HIGBY. Then I understand that under
this bill the manufacturer is not taxed, whereas
he was before.
Mr. MAYNARD. No manufacturer is taxed
under the present law.
The amendment was agreed t®.
Mr. HIGBY. I moveto strike out the whole
section. It is true that we have heretofore
submitted on the Pacific coast to a tax on
mining, but it was not done in the light of jus-
tice to this class of men. We submitted to it
together with the other taxes. That upon
gold was placed at one half of one per cent.
But it was at a time when the country was in
trouble, when the rebellion was at its height,
and we were not disposed to be so particular
at that time with reference to these things as
we are now. I hold that there ought to be no
such burden imposed upon the business of
mining for gold or silver. These men pay
their income tax the same as all other people.
They have to pay, like those engaged in the
business of manufacturing, a license in order
to mine for gold and silver. Public policy dic-
tates that there should be 110 such restraint
upon mining for gold and silver.
Another thing: gold and silver that are
taken from the earth by the process of mining
have a fixed value, while the products of man-
ufacturing establishments have added to the
price of the manufacture the amount of the
license. But the man who takes gold and sil-
ver from the mines can do nothing of the kind.
Gold has a fixed value when it is in bullion as
well as when it is in coin. It is not to be
lessened, it is not to be increased. The policy
has been advocated in all these tax measures
that the manufacturer of an article could pay
the amount of the tax and charge it over to his
customers who purchase from him. That has
been the argument advanced. But as a man-
ner of public policy there should be no manner
of restraint whatever upon the business of
mining for gold and silver. Not only as a
matter of public policy, but as a matter of
principle this House should not put any re-
straint whatever on a business of this kind.
These men pay their income tax and all the
other taxes. This is made a specialty. It is
not a manufacturing business; it cannot be
considered in that light.
Mr. MAYNARD. I regret exceedingly the
necessity which is imposed upon us to insist
upon this tax. It is an unpleasant necessity
that we are laboring under to impose it. This
section is simply taken from the law as it has
stood for years. I am told it has been opposed
every year when brought up on substantially
the same ground as it is at present, so that we
have a repetition of previous criticisms. This
does not impose a tax, it will be observed, upon
the laborer who goes into the bowels of the earth,
digs the mineral treasure there, and brings it
to tha surface. It is a tax simply upon the
capitalist who is engaged in that business, and
has his capital invested in the employment of
labor in that kind of business. The section
does not limit its provisions, it will be observed,
to the mining of gold and silver, but it extends
as well to coal, to copper, to lead, to iron,
zinc, and spelter, and every other mining inter-
est through the country, and this simply pro-
vides with reference to those who engage in
this business with their capital in the employ-
ment of labor and the other instrumentalities
by which great enterprises are carried on, the
same taxation that we impose upon capital that
is employed in the other useful and industrial
pursuits of the country. I hope the amend-
ment will not be adopted.
Mr. WOODWARD. I rise to support the
amendment of the gentleman from California.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
that amendment.
Mr. HIGBY. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move to amend the
paragraph by inserting after the word "min-
ing," in the two hundred and sixty-third line,
the words " but who does not himself actually
work at mining so that it will read :
Miners shall each pay ten dollars. Ever^ person
who shall employ others in the business of mining
but who does not himself actually work at mining for
coal, or for gold, silver, copper, lead, iron, zinc, spel-
ter, or other minerals, not having paid the tax there-
for as a manufacturer, and whose receipts from such
business shall annually exceed $1,000, shall bo re-
garded as a miner.
Mr. Chairman, I do not know that this incor-
rigible majority can be conciliated so as to
allow any amendment to this bill. I do not
know but that we have got to take this bill as
it comes from the committee without improv-
ing it at all. I have no doubt that the com-
mittee have taken great pains to perfect the
bill. I have no doubt they combine a consid-
erable amount of knowledge in regard to the
business of the country ; but I think they did
not understand the business of coal-mining
when they put this provision in this form.
Now, I wish the committee to understand
that in the district in which I dwell, the prin-
cipal business is the mining of anthracite coal.
The way in which it is done is this: the coal
mines are owned either by large propietors or
by corporations. They are sometimes leased,
sometimes worked by the owners. _ But those
mines, which are approached by various cham-
bers or adits, are worked by miners who are
employed by the lessees or the corporation, and
these master miners employ under them sub-
ordinate miners. The master miners, going
into the mines with their subordinates, work-
ing diligently day by day with them, necessa-
