464
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[July 21,
Ho. of Eeps.
Partisan Vindictiveness—Mr. Trimble.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
the contest between the Executive and Con-
gress, but openly avows its purpose to break
up and utterly destroy the new order of things
at the South, and to restore under the name of
a white man's government the rule of the dan-
gerous oligarchy which has already been so
fatal to our prosperity and our good name.
The declaration of the Democratic candidate
for Vice President, General Blair, in his letter
of July 3d, that "there is but one way to re-
store the Government and the Constitution,
and that is for the President-elect to declare
these acts null and void, compel the Army to
undo its usurpations at the South, disperse the
carpet-bag State governments, allow the white
people to reorganize their own governments
and elect Senators and Representatives and
that 1' we must have * a President who will
execute the will of the people by trampling
into dust the usurpations of Congress known
as the reconstruction acts," is nothing* more
than the equally mischievous declaration of
the platform just adopted by the New York
convention, which pronounces the reconstruc-
tion acts "a usurpation, and unconstitutional,
revolutionary, and void."
Horatio Seymour, more cautious than Blair,
did not brave the bullets of his "friends" in
the South, but while they were wrestling with
our boys in blue at Gettysburg he inaugurated
a riot in New York city, and the unwashed
rebels, whom he addressed as "my friends,"
murdered near a thousand people and burnt
$4,000,000 worth of property. Blair went to
the front, but returned learning nothing, and
forgetting nothing he offers his neck a willing
victim for the yoke of the oligarchy, and seeks
to become the leader in inaugurating a reign
of terror in the southern States.
Partisan Vindictlvencss.
SPEECH OF HON. L. S. TRIMBLE,
of kentucky,
In the House of Representatives,
July 21, 1868,
The House being in Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-
man, we have witnessed, under the policy of
our lathers, with a written Constitution as the
guide for rulers and people in war and in
peace, the rise and progress of a prosperous,
great, and mighty people, with light and nom-
inal taxation, which were fairly and equally
imposed, with freedom from official meddling
that made us the envy and admiration of the
world. Sad and painful as it may be, oh, how
terrible the change; for seven long, dreary
years we have had war, strife, bloodshed,
tyranny, and usurpation, led on by the policy
of hate, the reward of which we are now reap-
ing in unequal and oppressive taxes, grinding
the very life out of the toiling millions who
must continue to be the shield and protection
of the Constitution and liberties of the people
in the future as they have been in the past.
The war has ended. More than three years ago
the last confederate stacked his amis and give
a solemn pledge to the Constitution and for
peace, which unwilling promise they have
religiously observed. Bat peace has not re-
turned. The flag of our Union was trium-
phant, but the Union is not restored. Our
land is filled with widows and orphans; with
mourning and distress. But anger, malice,
and revenge are not softened, but revel in high
carnival over forgiveness, mercy, and justice.
We hear much of congressional reconstruc-
tion. Congress alone stands in the way of a
restored Union. They are entitled to the credit
of dissolving the Union, blottingoutten States,
erasing ten stars from that flag, establishing
tyranny and despostism, denying the trial by
jury, abolishing the writ of/tofteow corpus, sup-
pressing free speech aud free press, degrading
white men upon the ruins of republican States,
establishing despotic negro commonwealths.
Was it for this our brothers suffered and died
upon the battle-field? Was it for this fathers
and mothers offered up their sons ? No, sir.
No, sir. Was the war waged to destroy the
States, to make rulers of ignorant and de-
graded. negroes, or was it carried on by the
Government, as you solemnly declared, for
the avowed purpose of maintaining the Union,
and preventing disunion, to preserve the na-
tional authority throughout the entire country,
to enforce obedience on the part of the revolted
States to the Constitution aud the laws passed
in pursuance thereof? It was so declared in
the celebrated Crittenden resolutions; it was
declared by Congress, again and again; it
was so declared by President Lincoln and Sec-
retary Seward; it was expressly declared and
reiterated by every speaker in the land who
advocated the war, that the sole purpose and
object of the war was to maintain the Union,
not to dissolve and break it up, and by it to cru-
cify the States and State constitutions. Without
that declared purpose, I do not believe the
support that was given to it could have been
wielded in the manner that it was. Had the
present purposes then been avowed as now, the
State that I now in part represent, instead of
furnishing seventy thousand men for the war,
would have furnished one hundred and fifty
thousand against it, for the Constitution and
Union of our fathers.
If you desire peace, liberty, and a restored
Union, unroll the Constitution ; let it be read
and obeyed by all men. You have sworn to
support it; observe your oaths, give force and
efficacy to its glorious guarantees, by yield-
ing to the Executive the exercise of his high
constitutional prerogatives. To that august
tribunal, the Supreme Court, the power to
shield and protect the weak and the innocent
from the invasion of their constitutional and
inalienable rights. Give that instrument a
strict construction. For by the Constitution
certain duties were imposed upon the several
States, and the exercise of certain of their
powers was restrained, which implied their
continued existence as States. But to remove
all doubt, an amendment was added which de-
clared that the powers not delegated to the
United States by the Constitution, nor pro-
hibited by it to the States, are reserved to the
States respectively or to the people. The re-
served rights of the States are treated by this
Congress as nullities, not worth the paper on
which they were written. I have ever believed,
and sincerely believe to-day, that the only way
or hope to save this Union and preserve the
life of the Government will be to preserve in-
violate the Constitution. Tell me not that you
can preserve my life after you have torn out
my heart. It is idle to talk of preserving this
Government by overthrowing her Constitution.
Under no circumstances conceivable by the
human mind have I, or would I, ever consent
to violate that Constitution for any purpose.
I will cling to it as the last hope of freedom, as
the bond of unity in the past, as the only prac-
tical bond of union in the future ; the only land
lifted above the waters to which the ark of the
Union can be moored. From that ark alone
will go out the dove which shall return, bring-
ing the olive branch of peace, and with it all the
guarantees of constitutional liberty. The peo-
ple of the State that I have the honor in part
to represent are for peace, for the Constitu-
tion and laws passed in pursuance thereof, as
understood by our fathers and practiced by
them. If this be a crime then have I offended.
Why pursue and keep up the strife of the late
terrible war. Let us act like patriots and
statesmen; let by-gones be by-gones; let us act
for the living with charity to all and malice to
none upon living issues, issues upon which we
are to be saved or lost as a nation. I entreat
you to pause in your career of madness and
folly, of unequal and unconstitutional legisla-
tion. Repeal your Freedmen's Bureau bill,
your civil rights bill, your reconstruction acts,
y our tenure-of-office bill, your odious test-oaths.
Grant a general anmesty. Make good your
Crittenden resolutions. Declare to the South
and the world that this is a republican Gov-
ernment in the true sense of that much abused
term; that we derive our just powers from
the consent of the governed.
Under our Constitution the powers of Gov-
ernment naturally assume a threefold form,
legislative, executive, and judicial. A united
and free Government can be organized only
on the principle of separating those powers
and assigning each class to a different and
coordinate magistracy. Their union, however
effected, and whether in one or a body of men,
has been given by English as well as American
statesmen to be the definition of a despotism.
This partition has been made and guarded with
jealous care by our Constitution. The legis-
lative power has been vested wholly in Con-
gress, the executive in the President, except
the Senate shares with him the power to make
treaties; the entire judicial power is vested in
the courts, with the special designation of the
Senate to try all impeachments. Neither De-
partment has any authority to control or inter-
fere with another in the performance of its
functions. But the independent action of each
was designed to check the abuse of power by
the others. Let us faithfully adhere to these
great fundamental principles, if need be witSi
all the tenacity of life itself.
In defiance of these great principles citizens
have been arrested without cause, without war-
rant, have languished and died in bastiles with-
out trial, and in many instances, as I can
testify, have never known what offenses were
imputed to them. Congress has passed a law
to .take away from the citizen the appeal to
the courts in cases touching their dearest
rights. In ten States military power tramples
the judiciary under foot. While you arraign ?
the President for observing the Constitution
you should be admonished the free white people
of this great country are arraigning and im-
peaching Congress.
Sir, the people demand your impeachment
and conviction upon the following articles,
that you cannot deny, because they are true.
Sir, they can and will make a law unto
themselves at the ballot-box. I read from the
Democratic platform at New York, which I
pray you heed, as follows:
"In demanding these measures and reforms we
arraign the Radical party for its disregard of right
and the unparalleled oppression and tyranny which
have maiked its career, after the most Mjieiun and
unanimous pledge of both Houses of Congress to
pro? ecu to the war exclusively for the maintenance of
the Government, and the preservation of the Union
and the Constitution.
"It has most repeatedly violated that most saered
pledge under which was rallied that noble volunteer
army which carried our flag to victory. Instead of
restoring the Union.it has. so far as in its power, dis-
solved it, and subjected ten States in timesofprofound
peace to military despotism and negro supremacy.
" It hag nullified the right of trial by jury.
"It has abolished the writ'of habeas corpus, that
most sacred writ of liberty.
" It has overthrown the freedom of speech and the
press.
" It has substituted arbitrary seizures and arrests,
and military trials and secret star-chamber inquisi-
tions for constitutional tribunals.
"It has disregarded in time of peace the right of
the people to bo free from searches and seizures.
" It has entered the post and telegraph offices, and
even the private rooms of individuals and seized
their private papers and letters without any speci-
fication or notice of affidavit, as required by the
oi ganic luw.
" It has converted the American Capitol into a
bastile.
"It has established a system of spies and official
espionage to which no constitutional monarchy of
Europe would daro to resort.
" It has abolished the right of appeal on important
constitutional questions to the supreme judicial trib-
unals, and threatens to curtail or destroy its original
jurisdiction, which is irrevocably vested by tbeOon-
stitutiou, while the learned Chief Justiee has been
subjected to great and atrocious ealumnics merely
because he would not prostitute his high office to the
support of the false and partisan charges preferred
against the President.
