1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4013
tice, and in order to prevent which I earnestly
beg this House and every member within my
hearing to give it their vote.
Mr. GARFIELD. _ Mr. Chairman, I should
not have risen at this time but for a single
remark which dropped from the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moorhead,] and which was
seconded by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. McCarthy.] I very well remember the
occasion to which the gentleman refers when
in the Thirty-Ninth Congress we labored here
for many hours attempting to secure the pas-
sage of a tariff bill and were prevented by the
filibustering efforts of a minority of the House.
I labored with my friend from Pennsylvania
against that effort to break down the tariff bill,
and I entirely sympathize with what he said in
condemnation of-the efforts so persistently
made to prevent the action of this House on
the tariff measure which certainly would have
passed but for factious resistance.
But, sir, I was sorry to hear the gentleman
from Pennsylvania make the remarks he did
in regard to the Special Commissioner of the
Revenue. I desire to say to the House that I
totally dissent from the opinion he has expressed
concerning that officer. Previous to this session
few members of the House have had better
opportunities than I have to know the character
and the amount of labor that gentleman has
performed for the country; and 1 do not believe
any man appointed by the Government in the
civil service has done for this country more
work and more valuable work than he has.
Finance is a science both complex and difficult,
and its foundations rest on statistical knowl-
edge. The whole subject of the tariff is one of
the most delicate to manage properly of any
that can be considered by a deliberative body.
Any man who expects with rough instruments
to make a tariff machine that will ran with any
degree of success will be mistaken. He is like
one who attempts to mend acloek with a crow-
bar. The questions entering into a tariff are
of a most delicate nature and involve the rights
and interests of many classes of the commu-
nity. Now, what we have needed in this country
more than anything else has been an array
of carefully-arranged facts, gathered from all
sources and brought to the attention of Con-
gress as the raw material out of which to con-
struct financial legislation. Into the financial
chaos resulting from the war Mr. Wells threw
the whole weight of a strong, clear mind,
guided by an honest heart, and during the last
three years he has done more, in my judgment,
fb bring order out of chaos than any one man
in the United States. He has furnished us
what we most needed—classified knowledge of
the subjects ol'financial legislation.
Mr. MOORHEAD. What has he done to
favor the protection of American manufac-
tures ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I will call my friend's
attention to a single point. Who drew the
tariff bill which he and I tried to pass, but
which was defeated in consequence of the
efforts made against us in the last hours of the
session? That tariff bill was prepared from
beginning to end by a special commission, of
which Mr. Wells was a leading member.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I beg to differ with the
gentleman. He did not draw the bill the com-
mittee reported, and that is the one I referred
to. The one he prepared was with the pur-
pose of killing the tariff.
Mr. GARFIELD. I beg the gentleman's
pardon. If the bill reported by David A. Wells
and his associates had become a law it would
have been a great improvement on tariff laws
as they then existed. The gentleman, I am
sure, will admit this. I do not desire to speak
further on this subject except to say this: I
differ from my friend in one respect on the
subject of tariff. It is my conviction that one
of the worst things that could happen to the
friends and supporters of American industry
would be to pass a prohibitory tariff. I do not
say my friend from Pennsylvania would _ go
that length, but there are many protectionists
in this country who would make a tariff bill a
Chinese wall around the country and prohibit
all importation. I have sometimes thought
that the gentleman leans a little too much in
that direction. I desire to say I am not that
kind of a tariff man.
Mr. MILLER. I would like to ask my
friend 
Mr. GARFIELD. I cannot yield.
Mr. MILLER. Nobody advocates such a
doctrine as that.
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not say he does, but
I do say there is danger in that direction. Pro-
hibitive legislation would, in my opinion, soon
preeipit&te us into free trade and all its result-
ant evils.
Mr. MULLTNS. Will the gentleman 
Mr. GARFIELD. I decline to yield. I do
not say that any gentleman in this House pro-
poses a prohibitory tariff in terms, or means to
propose one, and 1 hasten to say that I do not
charge this bill with being of that character;
but I do affirm that the tendencies of a very
considerable number of tariff men in this coun-
try are in that direction, and unless they take
heed, unless they consent to a rational, con-
siderate adjustment of the tariff such as can
only be made by the full light that a careful
statistical study of the subject will bring, I
fear from them more than from any other
source a reaction which will bring us by and
by into free trade and all its consequences
of evil to the manufacturing interest of the
country.
Now, I say these things at this time for the
purpose of indicating the ground upon which
I answer the charges made against the Special
Commissioner of Revenue. I do not believe
the tariff men of this country will denounce
David A. Wells. What I ask is that we shall take
into consideration the immense financial facts
of the situation. We have now an annual
product of our great manufacturing interest,
amounting to nearly one million eight, hundred
thousand dollars. That must be guarded, not
by force of arms, not by denunciation and
clamor, but by careful, prudent legislation,
which will not be so extreme as to bring re-
action and overthrow. Our manufactures
need stability, permanence, and a steady pol-
icy. I am glad tlie gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Mooiuiead] has been successful
in getting this bill before the House, and in
consideration in Committee of the Whole. He
has had my assistance at every step. But 1
desire to say to him that, in my judgment, it
is not the best mode of defending a tariff bill
to denounce every man who does not pro-
nounce the shibboleth after our fashion as
an enemy of the tariff. We have appointed
a Special Commissioner of the Revenue to
gather facts and report them to Congress, to
bring out the great considerations that under-
lie trade, and to explore the sources of rev-
enue. He does not bring us theories but
facts, and while he does that we ought not to be
afraid of the results of his work. For my part,
I am not afraid to welcome truth and to follow
wherever it may lead. To shrink from such
investigation, is to confess that we have no
faith in our positions. I trust every true friend
of protection will welcome and challenge the
fullest investigation. I have an abiding faith
in the principles on which onr prosperity rests,
and I should be sorry to think that a full ex-
hibition of all the facts in the case could en-
danger my position. I have no such fear, and
I trust the protectionists on this floor will har-
bor none.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS obtained the floor, but yielded
ten minutes to
Mr. PIKE, who said: I was one who voted
not to go into Committee of the Whole for the
purpose of considering this bill. But the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, in his remarks,
spoke of those who voted against going into
Committee of the Whole as if they wore '■ anti-
tariff," and he calls upon members of the
House who are "tariff" men to stand by this
bill not only in general but in detail, to support
not only the bill lie has presented, but to sup-
port all the amendments he may submit, and
to vote blindly and without reason against any
amendments that he may not give his assent
to; and that too, when the bill comes before
the House in the dubious attitude of having a
doubtful assent of the majority of the very com-
mittee that has authorized him to report it; for,
when questioned on that very point, he declined
to say whether or not it had the assent of the
majority of that committee.
Now, sir, for one, I protest that I am not
an "anti-tariff" man, andl protest that I am
not in favor of free trade. A ''free-trade"
man is a person described by the gentleman
himself in one of the extracts he had read to-
day by the Clerk; that is, he is a person in
favor of abolishing custom-houses and allow-
ing unrestricted trade, collecting the revenues
of the country from direct taxation either by
means of the internal revenue system, or of
the land tax prescribed by the Constitution.
Very likely there are members of this House
who are in favor of free trade. I do not know
whether it be so or not. I know that I am not,
and I suppose the large majority of the House
are tariff men, perhaps all of them are as con-
tradistinguished from free traders. We have
no w a tariff which yearly yields this Government
a revenue of $16,000,000 in gold, and in some
years $ 180,000,000. It is a tariff of an average of
forty-seven per cent, upon all dutiable articles.
One would think that that was a tariff, as Cap-
tain Cuttle would say, "As is a tariff." It
yields the largest revenue and averages the
highest percentage of any tariff ever upon our
statute-book. Can those of us who are indis-
posed to disturb such a tariff as that be called
anti-tariff men? Under what nomenclature
is it that the gentleman from Pennsylvania or
any other gentleman upon this floor can call
us " anti-tariff" men.
What is this bill which he introduces here
as a small bill, to be disposed of in five min-
utes' consideration, in any half hour when the
House may turn its attention to it? Is it a
general bill, in which the great industrial in-
terests of this country are considered? By no
means. Is it a bill for the purpose of regulat-
ing or increasing the revenues of the country
under a system which, as the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has said, has puzzled
the wisest statesmen from the formation of
this Government to the present time? By no
means. It has no pretension of that sort. But
it is a bill which apparently comes from a few
interests who have got together and persuaded
the able and intelligent gentleman who present-
ed it that they are in a suffering condition and
should receive from this Congress pecuniary
relief. We are asked here upon the heel of this
session, after the House has voted to adjourn
on the 15th of July, and when the whole House
is expecting to get away by the last of this
week, to enter upon a new consideration and
adjustment of this most difficult and important
branch of the public revenues for the benefit
of these few local interests. The first one that
appeals for our assistance is the copper inter-
est. It is the first named in this bill. Well,
how stands the copper interest? In a depressed
condition. It asks that you relieve it by rais-
ing the price of copper by additional duties ?
That is the first proposition. What is^ the
effect of it*? Why, in the other end of the
Capitol the other day a Senator from Michigan
stated that one half of the copper produced in
this country was consumed by ship-builders,
and two gentlemen from Michigan upon this
floor [Mr. Blair and Mr. Dkiggs] stated that
if copper was allowed to come in for the use
of ship-builders untaxed, it would destroy the
great copper interest of Michigan. Then this
proposition which is to be passed now as a mat-
ter of great public necessity, is to levy a tax
upon the ship-builders along our whole coast
for the benefit of the copper interest of Michi-
gan. That is the bold proposition before the
House.
Mr. LYNCH. Will my colleague allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. PIKE. I have but a few minutes, and
