1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
further into that. We, as a judicial body on this
question, have nothing to do with that. Here is the
executive of that State, rccosrnized by the Execu-
tive of this Government; there is the end of that
suhjecL"
He held that the action of the Senate in that
case was in its nature judicial in determining
■whether there was a State government or not.
Is not the same rule applicable to the con-
dition of the southern States? It was not a
question for this Congress to inquire ill t o as to
whether those governments theretofore'existing
were such as they wanted or would approve, or
would make or adopt. Bat the question was a
judicial one, consisting simply of the inquiry,
did those State governments hare an existence
in legal acceptation? That existence was set-
tled by President Johnson. When? Afterthey
had put themselves in harmony with the Federal
Government he then recognized them as being
States of this Union, and he made that recog-
nition as the political head of this Government.
He knew that those States had by the volun-
tary action of their people put their preexisting
State governments into harmony again with the
Federal Government, and they were therefore
under the Constitution and laws entitled to be
recognized as in full fellowship in the Union
and to enjoy equal rights with all the other
States.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
an inquiry ?
Mr. KERR. Yes, sir; for an inquiry.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] if he
means to say that President Johnson recog-
nized the governments in those States ante-
dating the rebellion ?
Mr. KERR. I do, most emphatically. After
they had been put into harmony with the Fed-
eral Government, and-the people had set aside
and repudiated all the acts of their rebellion,
it was his duty to recognize them. They were
in every material sense the State governments
which antedated the war.
Mr. DAWES. I understand the proclama-
tion of President Johnson, in the case of North
Carolina, to declare expressly thai there was
bo republican form of State government there.
Mr. KERR. Mr. 8peaker, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is evading
the question. I say that at the time Pres-
ident Johnson issued thatiproclamation he may
well have said that there was not then any
vitalized State government in that State ; that
it had been disorganized. He says that, by
reason of the disorganization which had inter-
vened in the State of North Carolina, there was
no vitalized&tategovemmetit there; but that
after the people of thatSWfie, and of the other
southern 8tates, should by their voluntary
action reorganize their State governments, and
put their hitfterto sasperidedfuftctWwditfto oper-
ation again, and in harmony with the- Federal
Government, he, as the political head of the
nation weald recognize those preexistingState
governingttte as being in existence. And Pres-
ident Lincoln dM tfre same thing as to two or
three States.
*r Mr. BAWB8. I have not that proclamation
before me, but I-venture to Say that in it Mr.
Johnson expressly, in so many words, declares
that there is not existing in the State of North
Carolina a government republican in -form.
Mr. KERR. Now, Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman's statement makes no variation in my
answer, and requires toothing' further to be
added. I will therefore hasten on.
Now, Mr. Speaker, when the learned gentle-
wan [Mr. Bingham] who introduced this bill
was, by an inquiry of my friend from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Eldridgk,] driven from the position
fie had assumed, he found it expedient to fly
for refbge to that provision in the Constitution
which declares in effect that Congress shall
have 631 the power necessary and proper to carry
into execution the foregoing powers. Now, I
submit to every candid and intelligent man
that there is in this position of the gentleman
not one particle of weight. It amounts to
nothing. It proves nothing. In the language
of the clause to which I have just referred
there is no grant of power, and so it has been
held by th^ courts of this country ever since
their orgahization. I defy the gentleman to
produce one solitary decision to the contrary
of what I say. I now invite the attention of
learned gentlemen on this floor, who are of
course familiar with the laws of their country,
to an interpretation which simply expressed
the effect of the legal decisions on this question
which has been given by Chief Justice Story.
I read now from his Commentaries. Referring
to that provision he says:
" The plain import of the clause is, that Congress
shall have all the incidental and instrumental pow-
ers necessary and proper to carry into execution all
the express powers. It neither enlarged any poicrr
tpecially granted, nor   it a grant of any new power to
(kmtrrtts; but it is merely a declaration for the re-
moval of all uncertainty, that the means of carrying
 ity,  
into execution those otherwise granted arc included
in the grant. Whenever, therefore, a question arises
concerningthe constitutionality of a particularpower
the first question is, whether the power be expressed
in the Constitution. If it be, the question is decided.
If it be not expressed, the next inquiry must be whether
it is properly an incident to an express power, and
necessary to its execution. If it be, then it may be
exercised by Congress: if not, Congress cannot exer-
cise it ."—Story on the Gonttitution, sec. 1243.
Now, what becomes of the gentleman's dec-
laration that in that provision there is a grant
of power? Why, gentlemen might as well say
that in each of the first eleven amendments to
the Constitution of the United States there has
to be found a grant of power, whereas the
Supreme Court of the United States has re-
peatedly held that those amendments embraced
only limitations upon the power of Congress,
and are designed to protect the States of this
Union against the aggressive hand—ay, if
gentlemen will pardon me, against the vandal
tread of radicalism and absolutism in this
country. That is the purpose of those amend-
ments. That is the purpose of this Constitu-
tion. What becomes of your Constitution
granting to the General Government limited
delegated powers and withholding other pow-
ers, if you can place upon that instrument this
latitudinarian interpretation and make it mean
just what you please? It becomes a mere delu-
siota, a rope of sand, a vain labor on the part
of its framers.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to invite attention to
another proposition which the gentlemah from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] by an amend-
ment which he offered yesterday, proposes to
i*K^>rporate in this bill. That proposition is
nothing less startling and unprecedented than
this: that the State conventions that have been
organized in those southern States under the
«rm of military power and partisan manipula-
tion shall be made the agents of the Federal
Government to exercise powers that shall be
conferred upon those conventions by Congress.
No man knows better than the gentleman
ftotn Massachusetts that Congress, under the
Constitution of this country, has no scintilla
at right to confer Federal power on any agent
or officer of a State. He knows that, and every
lawyer knows it. Yet he proposes by this pro-
vision to confer upon these State conventions—
these revolutionary negro State conventions—
the power to regulate civil government in those
States, to appoint all civil officers, to com-
pletely subvert the preexisting governments in
those States. • In otfyer words, the gentleman's
.amendment contains the remarkable &nd most
damaging confession that this whole system of
reconstruction is simply a partisan scheme to
create in the spufhern States, by the interfer-
ence of Congress against the will of the people,
a power that shall come to the rescue of radi-
calism in future elections in this country. That
is what the gentleman's amendment means.
For what other purpose does he propose to
confer this power? Why, those conventions,
if they have any validity at all, are conventions
of the people of those States. They are not
conventions of Congress^ They express the
sovereign power of the people of the States
respectively, and cannot be invested with amy
power except what is conferred upon them by
the people for whose immediate government
they are convened to form constitutions. But
this amendment is in the true spirit of all this
legislation. It assumes what is true, that these
conventions are in fact but the tools of a party,
and it is proper to confer upon them the parti-
san power, under mere color of law, necessary
to enable them successfully to perform the busi-
ness assigned them by their masters.
If these southern State conventions do pos-
sess powers not derived from the people of their
respective States—and this proposed amend-
ment says they do—then I say the language of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
yesterday, so far as designed to characterize
this measure, is just, because it is infamous in
every sense of the word. A government so
forced and fastened upon any people is an out-
rage, and violates every principle of our insti-
tutions.
Now, Mr. Speaker, a few words more and
I will have done. When the bill was reported
the other day proposing to invade the power
of the Supreme Court I was alarmed. I am
alarmed now. This bill, however, now before
the House is tenfold worse than that. This
bill proposes in one word almost to repeal that
, court, to wipe out that department of the Gov-
i ernment, thereby destroying the only safe-
guard for the liberties of the country against
extreme and revolutionary parties. That court
is the only power that now stands between the
people and their complete overthrow.
Mr. Speaker, these facts call to my mind a
: parallel in history. Over two hundred and
fifty years ago, when that tyrant of England,
James I, was undertaking to extend the prerog-
ative power so as to swallow up the liberties
of the people of that realm, the judges of
England almost alone rallied to the vindication
of the rights of the people; and on one occasion
these judges were summoned into the council
chamber of that tyrant king, and when they
made their spokesman that glorious old Roman,
Lord Chief Justice Coke, he proceeded to say
to the king that the judges of England must be
boiund by the law and not by Mb arbitrary will.
The king in great rage exclaimed, " Then I am
under the law, which it is treason to affirm.1'
That brave old chief justice replied in these
immortal words, " Rex non debet esse sub
homine, sed sub Deo et lege" The king ought
not to be onder man, but tinder God and the
law." I say to these gentlemen now, if that
high court properly vindicate their high powers,
their sacred trust, they will say to this House,
to this Congress, Congress is not king in
this country, and its partizan will is not law.
They will say to Congress, " If you ought -not
to be under a coordinate department- of the
Government you ought at least to acknowledge
allegiance to Go><f <aiid the Constitution of the
country."
Mr. Speaker, when I reflect upon the results
to which this polity is tending, I say to you with
all the solemnity and earnestness which ever
actuated a man that I look upon the institu-
tions of our contitry, necessary to the most
essential-interests Of the people, as beingm
imminent peril. I fear—not in aft-y partisan
sense, but in mf heart of hearts—I l'ear the
sands of our national life are running out, and
ere long this glorious Republic, whose founda-
tion principles rested upon such an eternal
basis Of truth and jastioe, i& ftbaufc to ^jrov®,
as all previous republics have, a failure in the
history of men. I fear that another genera-
tion of men may be necessary to vindicate
anew, sanctify anew, to establish again, the
outraged principles of our system of govern-
ment. And when the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] undertakes to waste his rhet-
oric «pon the mem of the country, I say in the
early faDure, he will find that the people of this
country have at last been arousea to the vital
issues which are now before them.
It is not my enstom, sir, it is certainly in-
consistent wijp my nature, to speak in any
mere partisan spirit. If I have done so in
anything I have said to-day it has been uncon-
sciously to me. I have endeavored to stand
where my judgment, after the most m&fare
reflection and consideration of these_ ques-
tions, has placed me; but I would do violent*
