THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March i£€,
or insurrection on the part of the State, and a
demand for protection. We have read within
the last twenty-four hours that the President
of the United States informs General Grant
that military forces cannot be sent into Ten-
nessee, because that State has not as yet given
this Government notice that she is unable
to subdue any insurrection or rebellion that
may exist there. A case has not occurred for
the guarantee to attach to the State of Ten-
nessee.
And have the people of any other State
called on us to perform this covenant of guar-
anty and protection ? No, indeed. But on
the other hand, we are volunteering to over-
run their State rights. Had a foreign enemy
invaded them as we have done, they might
call on us for protection under this clause; but
that this beneficent provision should be made
our excuse for invading States with military
force, against their will, confounds all ideas
of justice, of law, and of reason.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, resumed
the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman yield
to me a law minutes?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield five minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
purpose to enter into this discussion at any
length, nor to make anything that may be re-
garded as a speech. But I have ventured to
ask a few minutes of time from the venerable
gentleman from Pennsylvania simply for the
purpose of expressing my surprise—a surprise
which comes from my observation of the posi-
tion of the Democratic party upon this ques-
tion of negro suffrage—that gentlemen on the
other side should take ground against it. We
are entertained here by what may be called
metaphysics of constitutional law. I do not
propose to be drawn off into anything of that
kind, but I wish to direct the attention of the
House and of the country to the fact that in
spite of all their professions to the contrary
there is not at this day any part of our people
more fully committed to negro suffrage than
this modern Democratic party.
Why, sir, this whole matter, it seems to me,
resolves itself into a very simple difference
between these Democrats and any other party
of the country. The whole distinction lies in
a nutshell, and that difference I undertake to
explain thus: these gentlemen of the Demo-
cratic party admit that representation ought to
be-founded upon population, do they not?
They hold, therefore—-
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman 
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not mean to be in-
terrupted by anybody.
Mr. CHANLEIi. I only wished to ask a
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I say that the gentlemen
themselves will not dare to pretend that they
base representation on anything but popula-
tion, upon numbers of people. What then ?
Whenever they make that admission they ad-
mit that they recognize the negro as a man to
be counted, to be considered, to be taken into
the enumeration, when you are going to determ-
ine how many agents shall be selected for car-
rying on the Government of the country.
Let me illustrate by our neighbor Maryland,
close at hand. That State has adopted, in a
constitution made by Democrats of the extreme
school, secessionists, and rebels, the doctrine
that representation in their Legislature must
be founded upon the number of people in the
several counties in the State. Then, if it be
so, that the Democrats consider the negroes as
one of the integral parts of the people of the
country who are to be represented, what does
it amount to? Why, it amounts to virtually
giving the benefit of suffrage to the negro. It
amounts to their considering him as one to be
counted when the number of representatives
are to be ascertained, or the number of those
who are to carry on your Government.
What, then, is the difference between the
Democrats and anybody holding what they are
disposed to consider an opinion in favor of
negro suffrage?
Simply that they are for having the negro
enjoy virtually all the benefits of suffrage ; but
they want some white man as proxy, not
selected or appointed by the negro himself, to
cast the vote for the negro. We claim that if
you give the negro sutl'rage he ought to vote
himself. Apply it to the South. The Demo-
cratic doctrine is that in reorganizing the South
the negro is to be allowed, according to their
principle of basing representation on popula-
tion, the benefit of suffrage, only some white
rebel is to cast the vote for the negro ; and we
claim that the negro, the loyal negro, should
cast the vote for himself.
Now, sir, that I undertake to say is the only
difference between those men who howl about
negro suffrage and the rest of the people of the
country who entertain the opinion that the
negro should not only be counted, but he
should have the means of protecting himself.
Is there any other difference? I want, there-
fore, to see an end to this howl, and I want to
see these gentlemen candidly and boldly, if
they dare, come before the country and admit
that they are in favor of negr'o suffrage vir*
tually, admit that they are in favor of counting
the negro, admit that they recognize in him
one of the integral parts of the population to
be represented and to be governed, only they
want somebody else not appointed by him to
act as his proxy, because they do not dare to
lodge in the man himself, however loyal and
true he may be to the country, the right to
exercise the privilege of his own ballot.
Now, having said this, I thank the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania for giving me the
opportunity, and will resume my seat.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker 
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me a moment?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I am
afraid my time is running, or i should be very
glad to accommodate the gentleman.
Mr. CHANLER. I will seek another op-
portunity.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. This,
Mr. Speaker, is a grave question of argument;
it is not a question for demagogues. The
world is going on in its progress of human
government, and is every day advancing in
the great science which is to make man happy
or make him miserable. We are either to re-
lapse into a state of barbarism where that infa-
mous doctrine that one man can own another
is to be reestablished, or we are to establish the
doctrine where every man governs himself and
has rights which are inalienable. Among those
inalienable rights, X start by saying, is the right
of universal suffrage, which no man will dare,
after this generation shall have passed away,
dispute. We are not now merely expounding
a government; we are building one. We are
making a nation. We are correcting the in-
justice, the errors, the follies which were
heaped upon other times by necessity. Prom
the dark ages up mankind have been ground
down by despots and by tyrants whom they
could not in any way control. They were
unable to form governments such as ought to
control the human race and enable us to gov-
ern ourselves. Europe, Asia, every country
in the world, till within the last century, has
been thus held in chains which they could not
break, in chains and withes which the world
could not snap injts then condition. But a
period arrived when the Almighty Governor
of the universe placed within the power of our
fathers both the knowledge and finally the
power to break those chains and give the
world an opportunity, if it would, to be free.
When the dawn of the Xievolution came it
broke upon this world as a new, a mighty, a
glorious revelation. That which never before
had opened the eyes of mankind and given
them a clear insight into the rights of the hu-
man race opened the eyes of our great and
glorious fathers and taught them precisely
what we, have to'carry out, and when we have
carried it out human government willsbecome
perfect and tyrants everywhere must tremble-,
and demagogues who talk to us, about differ-
ence of races must be ashamed and skulk
from the face of the world.
Now, what was that great right that they
discovered? It was that "all men-are born
equal." The black man who brushes the
boots of my respected friend from the Luzerne
district [Mr. Woodward] is, according to that
doctrine, as much entitled to every right and
every privilege of a free man and a citizen as
that gentleman or myself.- And whenever he
or I or any one else undertakes to make a dis-
tinction between the bl-ack race and our own
because of the color of the skin or the forjua,-
tion of the body he forgets his God, and his
God will forget him.
In other words, we now propose to go tb
universal and impartial suffrage as the only
foundation upon which the Government can
stand. You must build all your science of
government upon that foundation. When you
attempt to depart from it you cease to be men
and become tyrants, deserving the execration
of the- human race. There is no other way
than by universal suffrage that jjou and I and
every man can protect h'imself against the
injustice and inhumanity and wrongs that
would otherwise be inflicted upon us.
We have reached a point in the history of
this nation when we can adopt that great and
glorious principle. We have just builded a
nation in whose institutions we can incorpo-
rate that principle. And my effort shall be to
prove to this House not simply that we have
just reached that point, but that we have
reached it by means of the Constitution, not
by violating it, although Our forefathers, who
proclaimed that principle and would have
adopted it, could not do so without violating
the compact which they themselves had made,
and which would have destroyed the great
Government they were then building and wer _•
bound to defend. We have reached that period
which -our fathers did not reach and could not
reach, when, in speaking of universal suffrage,
we must speak of it not as a boon, but as an
inalienable right, which no man dare take
away, and which no man can rightfully surren-
der. His God has forbidden it; the science
of Government has forbidden it.
Henceforth let us understand that universal
suffrage, operating in favor of every man who
is to be governed by the votes cast, is one of
those doctrines planted deep as the founda-
tions upon which our fathers laid the immortal
work of universal liberty, which work of theirs
will last just so long as that immortal doctrine
shall last, and no longer.
Whatever construction shall be given to the
Constitution in its present condition by this
Congress and those nearest, the great events
which have modified it will be likely to be
accepted through future time as its true mean-
ing. It is important, therefore, that the most
beneficent interpretation should be given to it,
and that it should be most liberally construed,
so as to secure all human rights in the changed
condition of our country and of that instru-
ment wliich, while it, as to the old States, may
not be radically changed, is not so inflexible
as to be incapable of accommodating itself to
the changing necessities of humanity.
Before the Constitution was amended I could
not agree with some of my learned friends that
Congress could intermeddle with State laws
relative to the elective franchise in the United
States. The circumstance of slavery seemed,
while it was submitted to, to prevent it. After
the amendment abolishing slavery I still
doubted, and proposed a constitutional rem-
edy on the 5th of December, 1865, in the fol-
lowing words :
"Ail nationalfaws shall be equally applicable to
every citizen, and no Hiserimination shall be mado
oa account of race and color."
Since the adoption of the fourteenth amend-
ment. however, I have no doubt of our full
power to regulate the elective franchise, so far
as it regards the whole nation, in every State of
