2990
THE CONGRESSIONAL BLOM.
June 9,
the words "shall exceed $500, and;" so that
it will read: "lawyers, whose gross annual
receipts for professional services shall exceed
$500 and do not exceed $3,000.'' I think the
profession can afford to pay that tax. It is a
higher tax than most other men pay for exer-
cising a profession ; but it seems to me there
should be an exception in favor of those with
small incomes, as there are in all neighbor-
hoods lawyers who, with great patience and
plodding industry, accumulate but a few hun-
dred dollars a year by their profession. They
are never successful; but they like their pro-
fession, although during their whole lifetimes
they make but a few hundred dollars a year.
Those, however, whose fees amount to $1,500
or $2,000 a year can afford to pay the tax.
Mr. SPALDING-. I think the tax on law-
yers should be raised. The highest sum named
in the substitute, I think, is $100. I move to
double it, and make it $200, which I think is
low enough.
Mr. ALLISON. Had not my friend better
make the tax fifty per cent, of the gross re-
ceipts ?
Mr. SPALDING-. No, sir; I think my
amendment is better.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
mentot Mr. Spalding; and it was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment ot Mr. Hot,ma v ; and it was not agreed
to, upon a division—ayes fifteen, noes not
counted.
The question was then taken upon the sub-
stitute of Mr. Broomall; and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to amend this par-
agraph by striking out the words " of record;"
so that the clause will read :
Every person who, for pay, shall prosecute or de-
fend causes in any court of the United States, or of
any State, or give legal opinions or advice, shall be
regarded as a lawyer.
There are a large number of courts in our
part of the country that are not courts of re-
cord technically, police courts, justice-of-tlie-
peace courts, trial-justices' courts, where there
is a very considerable practice. I do not
think it will harm this paragraph to strike
out the words " of record."
^ Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think it will
either. I hope the amendment will be adopted.
The amendment of Mr. Butler was then
agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. As it is conceded on all
hands that young lawyers are generally very
poor, I move to amend this paragraph by
inserting after the word " services" the words
"exceed $500 and so that it will read, "law-
yers, whose gross annual receipts for profes-
sional services exceed $500 and do not exceed
$3,000, shall each pay ten dollars," &c.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move to amend this
paragraph by changing the amount of tax to
be paid by lawyers from ten to twenty-live dol-
lars, and from twenty-five to forty-five dollars.
That will increase the tax a little on these pro-
fessional gentlemen. I am satisfied there is
no class of the community who can pay a tax
more easily, and who will pay it more readily
and_ not grumble at it, than these lawyers. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Schenx'k] says that the object of the
committee is to levy a tax upon capital. And
as the capital of lawyers is brains, I think he
•will agree with me that the tax should be raised
in this case. And I am. satisfied that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] will
make no objection to this increased tax being
laid up-on his profession.
Mr. SCHEN CK. I am willing to compro-
mise with my colleague, [Mr. Eggleston,]
and vote for his amendment.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Eggleston, and upon a division
there were—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next-paragraph was read, as follows:
Conveyancers shall each pay five dollars. Every
person other than one having paid the special tax
as a lawyer or claim agent, who, lor pay, draws deeds,
bonds, mortgage?, wiilo, wiits, or otherlegal papers,
or examines titles to real,estate, shall be regarded as
a conveyancer.
Mr. STEVEN'S, of New Hampshire. I
move to amend by adding at the end of the
paragraph just read the following:
Provided, That no license shall be required or tax
imposed upon any conveyancer, unless his actual
income therefrom shall amount to at least fifty dol-
lars.
Mr. BLAINE. Say $100.
Mr. SCHENCK. The word "license" is
not a proper word to be used, because the Su-
preme Court has decided that as licenses we
cannot impose these taxes. The gentleman
will accomplish his purpose by saying, "con-
veyancers whose receipts from their business
exceed so much." In saying this I do not
mean to indicate my intention to support the
amendment; but I desire that the gentleman
shall frame his amendment in such a form,
that it will not, if adopted, mar the harmony
of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. I
modify my amendment in the manner the gen-
tleman suggests.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think that from those
who do conveyancing for pay we ought to
receive at least five dollars.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. Mr.
Chairman, I desire to say that thirty-five out
of the sixty towns in my district have no
licensed conveyancer and no practicing lawyer ;
and under the provision of this paragraph, if it
be adopted, the inhabitants of those towns will
not be able, without great inconvenience, to
find persons to do for them the neighborly act,
as it often is, of writing a deed or a will. I
desire that this portion of the bill shall be so
amended that the people of my district may
not be obliged to travel six, eight, and in some
cases, twenty miles to find a lawyer or convey-
ancer to draw a will or a deed. I do not know
that I should say " convej'ancer," because in
New Hampshire we have no persons specially
of that class. All the perso"ns who follow con-
veyancing as a business take out licenses as
lawyers.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, what the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire states in regard
to his district is true, I think, in regard to
almost all the country districts in the United
States. In half our towns there is neither
lawyer nor professional conveyancer; and for
the drawing of their deeds and other legal
writings the people rely upon the justices of
the peace and their neighbors. If ever}' naan
who takes fifty cents for drawing a deed for his
neighbor must pay this license, it will certainly
operate as a hardship by compelling many a
man, when he wants to execute a deed for an
acre of land, to travel perhaps twenty miles to
find a lawyer. I know perhaps a dozen of
these justices of the peace in country towns
whose entire gross receipts from this kind of
business do not amount to ten dollars a year,
and yet they do all the conveyancing for the
towns in which they reside. I submit it is
hardly fair to compel such men to pay this
license.
The CHAIRMAN. No amendment is now
before the committee. The amendment of the
gentleman from New Hampshire, which was
withdrawn for the purpose of modification, is
not now in the possession of the Clerk.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I move to amend by
adding at the end of the paragraph the fol- >
lowing: j
Provided, That no license shall bo required or tax i
imposed upon any conveyancer unioss his annual j
income therelrom shall amount to at least hfty dol- !
lars. j
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to (|
a point of order. I submit that this amend- ij
ment is not germane to this paragraph. The ;;
paragraph does nor provide ior any licenses. ,i n.,„ .   
rr>i n'L ni • 1 I1 P y UI.te ,an apothecary; nor shall auv apothecary
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules Ine M be required to pay, ill addition, the spcc-io,! tax as a
point of order. The amendment is germane
to the pending paragraph.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I rise for the pur-
pose of advocating that amendment, and to
state a case in point. A justice of the peace
in my own county wrote to me to bring his case
before the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
He had in the course of a year written out two
deeds, and he found himself taxed for a license
as a conveyancer. It is the same thing all over
the country. A justice of the peace will have
to go ten or twenty miles where there is a law-
yer or a conveyancer to make a deed.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not see how that can
be possible, as this is not in the existing law.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. The law now com-
pels conveyancers to pay a license. I have
given the case of a justice of the peace, who
had made only two deeds in a year, and was
required to pay a tax for license. I think this
is all wrong.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman to
modify his amendment, so it shall read, " con-
veyancers whose gross annual receipts as such
exceed fifty dollars," so as to preserve the form
of the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I consent to that.
Mr. SCHENCK. Having drawn a speech
from every New England squire, as I supposed
we would, I hope the vote will be taken on the
amendment. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. The language of the amend-
ment will only apply to conveyancers.
Mr. SCHENCK. The amendment is pro-
posed to be put in this form, "conveyancers
whose annual receipts," &c. Then comes the
provision which defines who are conveyancers.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out this
section, and I desire to say a word on this
proposition. The taxes to be derived from this
source will be a mere bagatelle. It will not pay
the expense of collection. A great multitude of
persons are to be made the subject of annoyance
for this pittance. It seems to me there are
greater subjects of taxation than this. The fewer
subjects of taxation there are the better it is for
the Government and the country. Taxes like
this annoy without doing any great good. They
create leelings of indignation against all taxa-
tion. I trust this paragraph will be stricken
out.
Mr. Sciiexck's amendment was agreed to.
The committee divided on Mr. Holmax'3
motion ; and there were—ayes 35, noes 42 ; no
quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers ; and ap-
pointed Mr. Hot.max and Mr. Buoomall.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am willing to agree that
thisamendmenfc shall be considered as rejected,
and that a vote shall be taken on it in the
House.
There was 110 objection and it -was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. DA.WES. I move to insert, li whose
gross receipts from their business as such
exceed twenty-five dollars/'
The amendment was rejected.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read the next paragraph, as follows:
Physicians, surgeons, and dentals. whose sro-w
annual recepts lor professional service? do not exceed
5<3,0i)0, shall each pay ten dollars ; when exceeding
$•3,000, shall each pay twenty-iive dollar?, livery
person (.except apothecaries; whose business it is, lor
pay, to prescribe remedies, or pertorwsuisieal opera-
tion?, for the euro of any bodily dbcase ur ailment,
shall be aeemed a physician, surgt-on. or dentist,
iiutno physician shall be liable to a further .special
tax ior keeping on hand aud using medicines only
lor the purpose of making up proscriptions ior his
own patients.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read the next paragraph as follows:
Apothecaries,whoso annual s«ile? cxeeed 61,000 and
do nut exceed $10,000, shall each pay ten doiiuis, and.
^w,lU?!Mhei'eto' when their annual >ales exceed
?i/Jft0, shaii addition two dollars ior each
51,000 m excess ot Every person who keeps
a shop or bunding wtteie medicines are compounded
or prepared accoidmg to prescriptions*)!' physicians,
or where medicines are sold, shall be regarded ao an
apothecary ; but a wholesale or retail d«aiet wno has
paid his special tax as such shall not be required to
