466
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 14,
Ho. of Beps.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Miller.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Purchase of Alaska.
SPEECH OF HON. GEO. F. MILLER,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In «he House op Representatives,
July 14, 1868,
On the bill (H. R. No. 1096) making an appropriation
to carry into effect the treaty with Russia of March
3,1867.
Mr. MILLLER. Mr. Chairman, the treaty
between the United States and Russia for the
purchase of Alaska, was signed in the city
of Washington on the 30th of March, 1867,
by Mr. Seward, Secretary of State, on the part
of the United States, and Mr. Stoeckl, the
Russian minister, on the part of Russia, rati-
fied by the Senate on the 28th of May, and
ratifications were exchanged and proclamation
made thereof on the 20th of June, 1867, and
we are told that a formal transfer of the terri-
tory was effected at Sitka, October 18, 1867,
this House not being consulted upon the subject.
This treaty proposes to transfer to the United
States for the consideration of $7,200,000 in
gold, an area of country said to contain five
hundred and seventy thousand square miles. It
includes a margin of main land on the Pacific
coast, in front of British America, thirty stat-
ute miles wide and three hundred miles long,
extending from the forty-ninth parallel north-
ward to Mount St. Elias. The coast line of
the territory is said to be four thousand miles,
and the peninsula of Alaska three hundred
miles long, averaging thirty miles wide. The
population of the said territory is estimated at
seventy-five thousand, of which nine thousand
are Russians, Creoles, Kodiaks, and Aleutes,
and the remainder ate Indians of different
tribes.
Some of the gentlemen on this floor whohave
advocated the treaty have given a glowing de-
scription of the territory for agricultural pur-
poses, lumbering, mining, &c. As for agri-
culture, it must be evident to every reflecting
mind that a country of such high northern
latitude would be of little account, and as to
timber it 13 difficult to tell; if there should be
any of value it is more than likely near the
coast which seems to be mountainous ; and as
for minerals, it is principally conjecture. In
fact, Mi'. Chairman, little is known of that vast
region of country, as it has not been traversed,
in order to ascertain a description of it, even
by the Russians who have so long held it, and
that is no doubt owing to the danger and diffi-
culty of exploring in such a severe climate and
mountainous country. Though our Congres-
sional Library is among the finest collections
of books in the world nothing can be found iu
it giving anyting like a satisfactory history of
that territory, which goes to confirm the idea
that it never has been fully traversed to ascer-
tain the appearance of the country, and con-
sequently as to the value of the territory little
is known, and the description given on this
floor can be but little more than conjecture.
The only tangible advantage it might be to our
Government would be in a commercial point
of view by owning such an extensive coast.
I will consider, first, the power of the Presi-
dent with the advice and consent of the Senate
to make the purchase, and, secondly, whether
the concurrence of the House of Representa-
tives is necessary to complete it, so as to make
it binding. It is provided in the second sec-
tion of the second article of the Constitution
of the United States that the President shall
have power, with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to make treaties, provided two thirds
of the Senators present concur. By giving
this clause of the Constitution a strict con-
struction it would be very doubtful whether it
gave authority to make a purchase of foreign
territory, and were it still an open question it
might require serious consideration ; but this
seems to have been settled by, I admit, a rather
forced construction to permit the purchase of
foreign territory, and that doctrine being ac-
quiesced in by our country for more than half
a century it ought to be considered as decided,
and at this late day not to be questioned. Mr.
Jefferson conceded the right to purchase for-
eign territory under a construction of the Con-
stitution of the United States, but he puts it
upon the ground of the necessity of the case ;
but, as I have already said, that right being so
long acquiesced in must be deemed as settled.
Taking it for granted that after the purchase
of Louisiana, Florida, and various other pos-
sessions, the authority will not be questioned, I
proceed to consider for what a treaty may be
set aside, and whether the concurrence of the
House of Representatives is necessary to per-
fect it. A treaty is defined to be "a compact
made with a view to the public welfare by the
supreme power, either for perpetuity or for
considerable time." (Vattel's Law of Na-
tions, 192.) In the same book, page 103, it is
laid down that—
"Since, in the formation of every treaty, the con-
tracting parties must be vested with sufficientpower
for the purpose, a treaty pernicious to the State is
null and not at all obligatory, as no conductor of a
nation has the power to enter into engagements to
do things that are capable of destroying the State
for whose safety tho government is intrusted to
him."
And on page 195 it is laid down by the same
author that—
"A treaty concluded for an unjust or dishonest
purpose is absolutely null and void."
In the case of this treaty with Russia there has
been 110 fraud shown, though the propriety of
the alleged purchase may be doubted. Though
the second section of second article of the
Constitution seems to vest this authority in the
President with the advice and consent of two
thirds of the Senators present, yet the seventh
section of first article of the Constitution of
the United States declares that—
"All bills for raising revenue shall originate in the
House of Representatives."
So that without an appropriation which must
originate in the House of Representatives, it is
utterly impossible to carry out a treaty where
it requires the payment of money, hence the
necessity of the concurrence of the popular
branch of the Government to such treaties.
Even in England, where the treaty-making
power is lodged in the king (or queen) the
assent of Parliament is necessary:
" It was always considered as discretionary with
Parliament to grant money to carry treaties into
effect or not, and to repeal or not repeal laws that
inteifere with them—Debate in Annuls of Congress,
Fourth Congress, first session, 1795 and 1796, page
470, on the treaty with Great Britain.
And in same book, page 471, it is stated
that—■
"Upon this principle, founded on almost immemo-
rial practice in Great Britain, did the minister of
that kingdom when introducing the late treaty with
Prussia into Parliament, tell the House that they
will have to consider the treaty and niako provisions
for carrying it into elfect. On the same principle,
when tho debate took place on that instrument, it
was moved to strike out tbc sum proposed to be
voted, which would have defeated it, and afterward
to strike out the appropriation clause, which would
have rendered the bill a mere vote of credit, and
would also have caused the treaty to fall to the
ground, and on the same principle the king of Great
.Britain, when he mentioned tho American treaty,
proposed to lay it before them in pioper season that
they miicht judge of tho propriety of enacting the
necessary provisions to carry it into effect."
After a full discussion in the year 179G upon
the appropriation to carry into effect the Jay
treaty, the following resolution was adopted
by the House of Representatives:
" Resolved, That it being declared by the second
section of the second article of the Constitution that
the President shall have power, by and with the
advice and consent of tho Senate, to mako treaties,
provided two thirds of tho Senators present shall
concur, the House of Representatives do not claim
anya^enoyin making treaties, but thatwhenatreaty
stipulates regulations on any of the subjects submit-
ted by tho Constitution to the power of Congress it
must depend for its execution as to such stipulations
on a law or laws to be passed by Congress, and it is
the right and duty of tho House of Representatives
in all such cases to deliberate on the expediency or
inexpediency of carrying such treaty into effect, and
to determine and act thereon as in their judgment
may be most conducive to the public good."
Mr. Randolph, in regard to the purchase of
Louisiana in 1803, said:
"I hold in tlie highest veneration the principle
established in the ease of the British treaty, and tho
men by whom it was established, that in all matters
requiring legislative aid it was the right and duty of
this House to deliberate, and upon such "deliberation
to afford or refuse that aid, as in their judgment the
public good might require."
Mr. Jefferson, the President of the United
States, on the 17th of October, 1803, sent into
Congress, which he had convened, a message
in regard to the treaty for the purchase of
Louisiana, recognizing the right of the House
of Representatives to take action in the premi-
ses. In 1820, after the Spanish Government
had neglected to comply with the stipulations
of a treaty settling the boundary line between
Louisiana and the Mexican territory, Mr. Clay,
then Speaker of the House of Representatives,
speaking upon resolutions introduced by him-
self, said:
"Tho Constitution of the United States has not
defined the precise limits of that power, because
from the nature ot it they could not be prescribed.
It appears to me, however, that no safe American
statesman will assign to it aboundless scope. I pre-
sume, for example, that it will not be pretended that
in a Government which is itself limited there is a
functionary without limits. Tho first great bound to
tho power in question, I apprehend, is that no treaty
can constitutionally transcend the very object and
purposes of the Government itself. 1 think, also,
wherever there are specified grants of power to
Congress they limit and control or, I would rather
say, modify tho exercise of the general grant of the
treaty-making power upon a principle which is
familiar to every one." * * * ■« "But
if the concurrence of this House bo not necessary
in the cases asserted, if there be no restriction
upon tho power, I am considering it may draw to
itself and absorb the whole of the powers of the
Government. To contract alliances, to stipulate tor
raising troops to be employed in a common war
about to be waged, to grant subsidies, even to intro-
duce foreign troops within the bosom of the country,
are not unfrequent instances of the exercise of this
power; and it in all such cases the honor and faith
of the nation are committed by the exclusive act of
the Presidentand Senate, the melancholy duty alone
might be left to Congress of recording the luin of
the Republic*"
Without taking up more time in citing ex-
tracts from debates in regard to treaties, suffice
it to say that the House of Representatives has
never surrendered to the treaty-making power
any of the prerogatives confided to it by the
Constitution. I will, however, cite one judicial
case upon the subject, and that is the case of
Foster vs. Wilson, (2 Peters,) in which Chief
Justice Marshall said:
"Our Constitution declares a treaty to be tho law of
the land; it is consequently to be regarded in the
courts of justice asequivalent to an act of the Legis-
lature whenever it operates of itself without the
aid of any legislative provision, but when the terms
of the stipulation import a contract, when either of
the parties engages to perform a particular act, the
treaty addresses itself to thepolitical nottho judicial
department, and the Legislature must execute the
contract before it can become a rule lor the court."
This treaty in regard to the purchase of
Alaska is not, as contended by some on this
floor, the "law of the land."' and the House
of Representatives merely bound to appro-
priate money to carry out its stipulations; and
in _this view I am sustained by both legis-
lative precedents and judicial decisions, and
I mayiepeat what has already been said in
this discussion, that even Mr. Seward, who
negotiated this treaty with Russia, refused to
vote for the appropriation to pay for territory
acquired from Mexico under the Cradsdcu
treaty, notwithstanding he was a member of
the United States Senate when the tieaty was
ratified.
But the able chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Aifairs [Mr. Banks] docs not go so
far as to deny the power of this House over
such treaties. In his speech he says :
" We do not deny, as was denied in the early his-
tory of the Government, the right of the House to
information upon this subject, nor the right to con-
