582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
to my own conscience if I said less or said it
differently from what I have. I therefore, in
conclusion, appeal to gentlemen on this floor
to remember that their power is not eternal,
that they themselves, by the strong hand of
time, must soon pass from this stage of life,
and if they do not regard anything else they
should at least have regard for the interests of
their posterity, for the interests of generations
yet unborn, and leave them liberty, controlled
by law.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GAllFIELD obtained the floor, and
yielded it to Mr. Dawks.
Mr. DAWES took the floor.
The hour of half past four having arrived,
the House took a recess till seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at 7 o'clock p. m.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin',
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate had
passed the bill (H. R. No. 320) making appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the execution of the reconstruction
laws and for the service of the quartermaster's
department of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1868, and for other pur-
poses, with an amendment, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
reconstruction again.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the gravity of
the subject embraced within the bill before the
House, as well as the serious condition of
things to which it applies, forbids any member
of the House, in my opinion, approaching its
discussion without preparation ; and for that !
reason I shall refrain in the few remarks which j
I desire to offer on this occasion from discuss- !
ing the details of the bill or of the history of j
the States in rebellion which renders, in my
opinion, legislation necessary. I have sought -
the floor merely to make more plain, if I were ;
able, in a little more time than I had a right to i
ask the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Kerb)
during the delivery of his able speech in the i
course of the afternoon, or more than I had a
right to expect of him to turn aside from the
line of his argument to elucidate merely at my
suggestion. Sir, the most of the gentleman's
argument, indeed the whole of that able argu-
ment, was based upon the idea that a form of
government springing up in those States asking
for recognition by the United States as a re-
publican form of government was to be passed
upon, and passed upon conclusively, by the
Executive, and that no other branch of the
Federal Government was authorized by the
Constitution to interfere with the decision thus
made by the Executive. A moment's con-
sideration, it seems to me, should have led the
gentleman to see to what end and what length
such a doctrine leads, and for- him to have
seriously inquired whether there did exist such
an anomaly in the constitutional government
of this country as that upon the vital question
whether there existed in the States of the
Union a republican form of government the
jsole power of deciding rested upon one man.
The gentleman from Indiana based his argu-
ment upon what he said was the authority of
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
before undertaking to demonstrate what was
the decision of that court ho deprecated the
practice in argument of prowling around among
the decisions of the courts and selecting from
•them here and there a passage that suited pur-
poses and theories, and bringing them before
the House regardless of the drift, force, scope,
and purpose of the decisions taken as a whole.
Sir, I join with him in that deprecation, and
while I trust I shall not follow his example in
that regard I venture to say that ffle very author-
ity to which he resorted to support his argu-
ment will overthrow the argument itself.
He appealed to the well-known case of Luther
vs. Borden, about which I think there has been
more said and more misunderstanding during
the political controversies of the last few years
than about any other decision of the Supreme
Court that has gone into the books. I do not
know of any one who has had a theory in refer-
ence to the status of the rebel States, or the
powers of the one or the other of the three
branches of the General Government in rela-
tion to them, who has not appealed to that
decision for support of his theory. I cannot
hope in the brief time I have to be able to
escape the common error into which the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] while depre-
cating it seemed to me to have fallen more
radically than any gentleman who has com-
mented upon that decision in this House.
Sir, the decision in Luther vs. Borden in the
Rhode Island case had no application to the
present state of things ; and it decided nothing
that is applicable to the present state of things.
The gentleman stated what the case was clearly
enough, but he went far from stating what the
basis of the decision was. There was an insur-
rection in the State of Rhode Island, a setting
up by one party of a distinct and independ-
ent government in that State, and an attempt
thereby to overthrow the existing government
of Rhode Island, and causing, necessarily,
an insurrection, a breach of the peace which
neither of those parties felt competent or strong
enough itself to put down, and both parties ap-
pealed to the Executive of the United States
for help. The act of Congress of 1795 required
of the Executive, upon the application of the
Governor or the Legislature of a State for aid to
put down an insurrection, to send the militia
of any other State into that State for that pur-
pose. Under that law application was made
to the President of the United States. The
duty that the statute imposed upon him in-
volved the necessity on his part of deciding for
the time being which of those two governments
was the legal one, so as to enable him to deter-
mine to which of them to send the succor which
the law required him to send. He was, in the
performance of the duty imposed upon him by
law, compelled to decide in the discharge of
that duty which of those two governments was
the legal government, so far as he was con-
cerned, and President Tyler responded, and in
responding he put his answer precisely upon
that ground, that the law of Congress had im-
posed upon him the duty to send succor to the
Governor of Rhode Island upon his applica-
tion. Two men called upon him, each claim-
ing to be the Governor under separate and
independent forms of government in Rhode
Island, and he must decide between the two
whether it was the Dorr government or whether
it was the other, but he said himself it was Con-
gress that imposed this duty upon him. And
the Supreme Court, when they came to give
their opinion in the case that grew out of that
rebellion, put it precisely upon that ground.
Now, let me read from their decision, and let
us see how the gentleman from Indiana has
overlooked this decision. I read from Chief
Justice Taney:
" So, too, as relates to the clause in theabovemcn-
tion'ed article of the Constitution providing for cases
of domestic violence. It rested with Congress, too,
to determine upon the means proper to be adopted
to fulfill this guarantee. They might if they had
deemed it advisable to dp so, h^ve placed it in the
Sower of a court to decide'when the contjrigpney had
appened which required the Federal Gorcraiilctit
to interfere.
Congress could have put it in the power of
the court as well as in tne power of the Presi-
dent.
" But Congress thought otherwise, and no doubt
wisely; and by the act of February 28,1795, provided
that 'in ease of an insurrection in any State against
the government thereof, it shall be lawful for the
President of the United States, on the application
of the Legislature of that State, or of the executive
(when the Legislature cannot fee convened) to call
forth such number of the militia of any other State
or States as may be applied for, as he may judge
sufficient to suppress such insurrection.' By this act
the power of deciding whether the exigency had
arisen upon which the Government of the United
States was bound to interfere was given to the Presi-
dent."
"By this act!" That is by an act of Con-
gress—just what wo propose to make here to-
day. The same power which made that act
can change, amend, alter, or repeal that act.
" He is to net upon the application of tho Legisla-
ture," itc.
That was the case of Rhode Island. How
unlike the case of North Carolina and her sis-
ter States at the close of the war I There was
no Governor; there was no Legislature to apply
to the President of the United States under the
act of lipo. The government was prostrate.
The Legislature had died a violent death.
There was no government there. If there was
the form of government that existed before the
rebellion, it was a form merely without the
breath of life in it, for it had no functionaries
to perform any of the duties imposed upon it.
It could not, therefore, bring itself within the
case of Rhode Island, for there was no execu-
tive of the State to apply to the President for
aid to put down domestic insurrection. There
was no Legislature to apply. None did apply.
The President was called upon to answer the
question "What is my duty?" not in response
to one of two conflicting executives or one of
two conflicting Legislatures, to decide between
ihem, which to put up and which to put down,
but "What is my duty?" in respect to the
State of North Carolina, without a govern-
ment, but with a people ; with a people without
protection of law, without officers to enforce
the laws, without courts of justice in which to
secure their rights, without any of the functions
or functionaries that belong to a State gov-
ernment. What did he say, sir? Did he
go to work to decide which of any given num-
ber of governments that had existed there at
any time during the rebellion or before the
rebellion was republican in form, and therefore
to send the power of the United States to set
up and maintain it? No, sir; just the con-
trary. He went to work upon a theory just the
opposite of that, the theory that there was no
government in North Carolina; and such are
his very words. In the first proclamation
issued by the President in reference to the rebel
States-1—the one appointing William W. Holden
provisional governor of that State, not for the
purpose of setting up again , the government
that existed before the rebellion—are to be
found these words:
"And whereas the rebellion which ha9 been waged
by a portion of th«qpeopl« of the United States
against the properly constituted authorities of the
Government thereof in the most violent and revolt-
ing form, but whose organized and armed forces have
now been almost entirely overcome, has, in its. revo-
lutionary progress deprived the people of the State
of North Carolina of all civil government."
Sir, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
said that the government which antedated the
rebellion was the, government of North Caro-
lina ; that it was the business of the Executive
of the United States to decide between that
and any othergovernment, and that his decision
was conclusive upon the Congress and upon
the country. The Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, to whom that gentleman appealed,
declared that it was the business of Congress
so to decide. And the very Executive to
whom he appealed has declared not only that
the government which antedated the rebellion
was not a government in North Carolina, but
also that North Carolina was without any and
withp«,t,all eivi.J gpvernmeiat, ,
Under another clause of the Constitution of
the United States, namely, that which requires
the United States to guaranty to a State & re-
publican form of government, the Executive
felt it his duty to undertake to set up, not the
constitution or government that antedated the
lebellion, but a new government. Now let us
appeal to the very decision of the Supreme
Court, which the gentleman held in his hand
when he announced this doctrine, and see from
that decision whether he himself is not at war
with the Supreme Court of the United States.
Chief Justice Taney says:
" The fourth section of tho fourth article of the
Constitution of the United States provides that the
United States shall guaranty to every State in the
Union a republican form of government, and shall
protect each of them against invasion; and on the
application of tho Legislature or of the executive
