1868.
THE OONGBBSSIONAL GLOBE.
the Union, which, when tried, I hope, will be
so formed as to be beneficial to the nation,
just to every citizen, and carry ont the great
designs of the framers of the Goverhment,
according to their views expressed in the Dec-
laration of Independence.
It cannot fail to be beneficial and convenient,
when we consider the trouble and inconven-
ience which a citizen of one State encounters
when he travels temporarily into another. In-
stead of being a brother at home he is now an
alien in his native land. While he participates
in all the burdens and anxieties of Govern-
ment, he is forbidden, if a non-resident, to
take part in selecting the magistrate who is to
rule his destinies for the next four years.
In this there is no principle of republican
justice. The Constitution of 1789did not carry
out the principles of government which were
intended by the fathers when in 1776 they laid
the foundations of the Government on which
this nation was built. Then they had been in-
spired with such a light from on high as never
man was inspired with before in the great work
of providing freedom for the human race
through a government in which no oppression
could find a resting-place.
They contemplated the erection of a vast
empire over the whole continent which in its
national character should be governed by laws
of a supreme, unvarying character. While
municipal institutions with self-control might
be granted for convenience, it was never in-
tended that one half of this nation should be
governed by one set of laws and the other half
by another and conflicting set on the same sub-
ject.
The laws, the principle, which were to apply
to the dwellers on the Penobscot were to apply
to those on the Savannah and Susquehanna ;
else the Declaration would have proclaimed that
the one—the people on the Penobscot or Sus-
quehanna—were born free and equal, and
those on the Savannah with a modified equality;
that the one had inalienable rights, among
which was liberty ; that the other had inalien-
able rights, but "perfect liberty was not among
them. The grand idea of those immortal men
was that there were certain rights, privileges,
and immunities which belonged to every being
who had an immortal soul, none of which
should be taken from him, nor could he sur-
render them in any arrangement with society.
So essential to the repose of the whole com-
munity was it that every man should possess
each of these rights, privileges, and immunities,
that he was forbidden by his Creator to part
with them. He could not sell himself, he could
not sell his children, into slavery. He could
not sell his life for a price. He could not sur-
render the right to pursue his own happiness.
Every attempt to do so was nugatory. Every
instrument founded upon such a contract, no
matter how solemn, no matter how hedged
about by broad seals, no matter how stamped
by State legislation and executive approval,
none of these things gave it life. It was null
and void ; it was a corpse incapable of anima-
tion.
I am speaking now of the original design of
the framers of the Declaration of Independence,
who had determined that there were certain
principles which, to give perfect liberty, should
apply alike to every human being. Who can
deny this position without laying a heavier bur-
den upon one human being than another with-
out being authorized to do so by their common
Creator? Who can doubt that if you put such
power into the hands of the best men it will be
abused, unless restrained by equal laws-? Why
should one man be more responsible to his
temporal or eternal governor than another and
be punished by different rules ? I know that
when they came to frame the Constitution,
slavery having increased, they were obliged to
postpone some of those universal principles,
and allow individuals and municipalities to vio-
late them for awhile. I thank God that neces-
sity no longer exists. The law-givers of Amer-
ica are now as free to act as Sampson when
the fire had touched the flax. May they never
again be beguiled by any conservative Delilah
to suffer their locks to be shorn and their limbs
to be bound by the withes of a twisted Consti-
tution.
The laws which were then intended to be
universal must now be made universal. The
principles which were intended to govern the
whole*American nationality must now be made
to cover and control the whole national action
throughout this grand empire. Towns, cor-
porations, and municipalities may be allowed
their separate organizations not inconsistent
therewith, but must not incorporate any prin-
ciples in conflict with those great rights, .priv-
ileges, and immunities. What are those rights,
privileges, and immunities? Without exclud-
ing others, three are specifically enumerated—
life, liberty,- and the pursuit of happiness.
These are universal and inalienable. It follows
that everything necessary for their establish-
ment and defense is within those rights. You
grant a lot or easement in the midst of your
estate ; you thereby grant the right of way to
it by ingress and egress. Disarm a commun-
nity and you rob them of the meaus of defend-
ing life. Take away their weapons of defense
and you take away the inalienable right of
defending liberty. This brings us now directly
to the argument by which we prove that the
elective franchise is a right of the Declaration
and not merely a privilege, and is one of the
rights and immunities pronounced by that
instrument to be "inalienable."
If, as our fathers declared, "all just gov-
ernment is derived from the assent of the gov-
erned;" if in federal republics that assent
can be ascertained and established only through
the ballot, it follows that to take away that
means of communication is to take away from
the citizen his great weapon of defense and
reduce him to helpless bondage. It deprives
him of an inalienable right. This clearly
proves that the elective franchise ranks with
•'life" and "liberty" in its sacred, inalienable
character. But, while the Declaration clearly
proves what the intention then was, the action
of the Convention in framing the Constitution
of the United States, it seemed to me, bar-
tered away for the time being some of those
inalienable rights, and, instigated by the hell-
ish institution of slavery, suspended one of the
muniments of liberty. Having thus^ shown
that the elective franchise is one of the inalien-
able rights of man, without which his liberty
cannot be defended, and that it was suspended
by the arbitrary Constitution of 1789, let us
see if that suspension has been removed, so as
to leave our hands unrestrained in restoring
its full vigor while still acting under the Con-
stitution. That right appertains to every citi-
zen. But while this suspension existed the
natural love of despotism induced communi-
ties to hold that each State might fix the qual-
ifications, rights, and deprivations of its own
citizens.
The fourteenth amendment, now so happily
adopted, settles the whole question and places
every American citizen on a perfect equality
so far as merely national rights and questions
are concerned. It declares that—
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States audsubjectto the jurisdiction thereof arc citi-
zens of the United States anil of the State wherein
they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges and immunities
of citizens of the United States, nor shall any person
be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due
process otlaw; nor denyany person within ltsjuns-
diction the equal protection of the laws."
If by the amended Constitution every Ameri-
can citizen is entitled to equal privileges with
every other American citizen, and if every
American citizen in any of the States should
be found entitled to impartial and universal
suffrage with every other American in any
State, then it follows as an inevitable conclu-
sion that suffrage throughout this nation is
impartial and universal so far as every human
being, without regard to race or color, shall be
found concerned, and so far as it affects the
whole nation.
Can he who swears to supportthe Constitu-
tion in all its parts refuse to aid in carrying
this into effect without clear, direct perjury—
a worse perjury than would have been com-
mitted by those who, under the old Constitu-
tion, could not agree to that construction, and
thus refused their aid to their feliow-men ?
What a grand compulsion have these despots,
rebels, and murderers finally forced upon the
American Republic by their impatient, rash,
and bloody acts! How they have aided the
just men of the nation in producing this great
good! It were well if they could claim some
merit as a compensation for so great a crime.
But if evil must come into the .world, "but
woe unto him through whom it cometh," I
fear that if good does come into the world
through compulsion no merit will be attributed
to the unwillingactors. Let no man now, then,
who belongs to this great Government, dare to
stand up in the face of high heaven and longer
deny to God's immortal beings the high, the
inalienable, the God-granted rights which his
immortal Father gave them.
Let no one in the past, present, or any future
age attempt to palliate his offense eith sr before
an earthly tribunal, which is to decide between
God's creatures, or who is to plead his cause
at the bar of a higher tribunal, venture to insult
divine justice by longer pleading his inability
to execute that justice.
Wemustrememberthatmostof us are sepa-
rated from the dread tribunal occupied by a
Judge who cannot be deceived, by the nar-
rowest isthmus that ever divided time from
eternity. If every citizen of any State is en-
titled to all the inalienable rights, privileges,
and immunities of this Government, and if one
of those inalienable rights is the right to cast
the ballot for every man who is to take part
in the Government, show me the man who is
so impudent as to deny that suffrage by the
ballot is due to every being within this realm
to whom God has given immortality. He
must be an impudent citizen, and_ought never
to profess to believe in the existence of a
Deity, for that a world could be created and
governed without an overruling cause is more
feasible than such a proposition. What would
be the effect of conferring this just right upon
every citizen in this Republic according to
the original intention of our fathers ?
If ever there was a spot on earth where it
could be tried with perfect success, and bestow
perfect happiness upon all those who are their
own rulers and their own subjects, that spot is
the continent of North America. In less than
ten years it will contain a sound population of
more than fifty million people, girt round by
deep and broad waters, which no force could
cross without our consent. The sea-girt isle
of Great Britain, which was said to be cut off
from the rest of the world, was not half so
secure by her water defenses as this continent.
That would be a tall and a bold admiral who
hereafter with hostile intent should venture
this side of the pillars of Hercules. Before
any monarchical nation shall again attempt to
erect its institutions on this side of the Isthmus
of Darien, they will find that there exists a
Republic composed of the islands of the sea
more powerful than the European portion of
Great Britain, not less powerful than was the
Achaean League, which republic we shall not
blush to call an ally because a meridian sun
and the tyrant's lash have planted in their
color and into their souls the deep and inex-
tinguishable principles of abhorrence to human
bondage. A people now but little understood,
but in a few years of progress, with their own
institutions really free, instead of being ground
by the nominal freedom, but real despotism,
of Jamaica, will have made as long and rapid
strides in the cause of civilization as our south-
ern States are now making. The seed of such
an empire is already planted and is germi-
nating. It may not be known to all that the
Danish possessions of St. Thomas, Santa Cruz,
and St. John's are sustained by republican in-
stitutions, though all of the legislators and
most of the executive officers chosen by them-
selves are colored. They have free schools,
and can. with scarcely the exception of a sin-
