1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I
retail dealer lntliquor, m consequence of se,Uing alco-
hol, or selling or dispensing, on the prescription of a
physician, wines and spirits officinal in the United
States or other national pharmacopoeias in quantities
not exceeding half a pint at any one time, and not
exceeding in the aggregate cost value thereof the
sum of &300 m any one year.
Mr. BARNES. I desire to make an amend-
ment at the beginning of this section, by strik-
ing out " one" and inserting "two," so that
it will read, u apothecaries whose annual sales
exceed $1,000." My reason is this: a per-
son whose salary is $1,000 is exempt from all
taxation upon his income; but here is a per-
son who gives his time and employs his capital
to do $1,000 worth of business, and that includes
the cost of the articles, and yet he is called
upon to pay ten dollars tax. It seems to me that
all branches of business should be exempted to
the amount of at least $2,000. Jhe exemption
is made of a salary of $1,000, from the fact that
the money is partially exhausted. Probably
one half the amount of the sales is exhausted
in tkecost of the articles sold by the apothecary.
I wish to test the sense of the House on this
amendment. In case it does not prevail, I
shall not call it up in the other sections.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BARNES. I now move to amend by
inserting after the word "pharmacopoeias"
the words, '[ not to be drank on the premises;"
and further in the same line by striking out the
words "half a pint," and inserting "one quart,"
so that it will read, " or selling or dispensing,
on the prescription of a physician, wines and
spirits officinal in the United States or other
national pharmacopoeias, not to be drank on the
premises, in quantities not exceeding one quart
at anyone time." This section, which applies
to apothecaries, states the character of their
business and specifies the taxation. It is well
understood that the business of the apothecary
is to sell not only drugs, but numerous other
kinds of goods. An apothecary must ordin-
arily sell glass, putty, spirits, &c. Now, the
restriction as regards the sale of spirits to half
a pint, it seems to me, is not warranted by the
necessity of the case. I have offered this
amendment without any intention to dilate
upon it at length. I simply desire to call the
attention of the committee to it, believing it to
bejust and necessary. 1 move further to amend,
at the end of the paragraph, by increasing the
amount of liquors from $300 to $1,000. Hav-
ing said all I desire to say upon these amend-
ments, I yield to allow the committee to an-
swer.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, this whole
provision is the existing law, and has remained
in the statute-book ever since 1864. There is
no difficulty in relation to it, and I hope the
amendment will not prevail. I yield to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth.]
Mr. EARNSWORTH. I desire, in addition
to what the gentleman from Iowa has said,
to ask the Clerk to read a paragraph which I
send up.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Hearken, Thomas, to instruction:
For all thy ills a remedy is found,
A panacea, certain, pleasant,, sure,
Plantation Bitters—S. T.—1860—X.,
A wondrous tonic, made by Dr. Drake.
** Wo presume * poor Tom's' case is not worse than
hundreds who are curcd daily by this wonderful
medicine.''
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Manufacturers of medicines and medical prepara-
tions, whose annual sales exceed £3,000. shall each
pay twenty-five dollais. Every person (not beingone
who compounds or prepares medicines as aphysi-
eian, or as an apothecary according to prescriptions
of physicians) whose business it is to make, com-
pound, or prepare any pills, powders, tinctures,
troches, lozenges, sirups, cordials, bitters, anodynes,
tonics, plasters, liniments, salves, ointments, pastes,
drops, waters, essences, spirits, oils, or other medi-
cinal preparations or compositions whatsoever, lor
consumption and sale, wherein the person making
or preparing the same has, or claims to have, any
private formula oroccultsecretor art for tho making
or preparing the same, or has or chums to nave any
exclusive right or title to the making or preparing
the same, or which aro prepared, uttered, vended, or
exposedl'or sale underany letters-patent, or held out
or recommended to the public by the makers venders,
or proprietors thereof as proprietary medicines, or
remedies or specifics for any disease or ailment
aliecting the human or animal body shall be regarded
as a manufacturer of medicines and medical prep-
arations.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to transpose the
words "secret" and "art," so that it shall
read "art or secret.n
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Manufacturers of cosmetics and perfumery, whose
annual sales exceed $1,000, shall each pay twenty-
five dollars. Every person whose business it is to
make any essence, extract, toilet-water, cosmetic,
hair-oil, pomade, hair-dressing, hair restorative,
hair-dye, tooth-wash, dentifrice, tooth-paste, aro-
matic cachous, or any similar articles, by whatsoever
name the same heretofore have been, now are, or may
hereafter be called, known, or distinguished, to be
used or applied as perfumes or applications to the
hair, mouth, or skin, shall be regarded as a manu-
facturer of cosmetics and perfumery.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say in behalf
of the Committee of Ways and Means that the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Barnes,]
representing an interest involved in these two
paragraphs, this one and the one preceding it,
appeared before the committee yesterday to
propose a change so that all the taxes which
are included in these two paragraphs should
come in under the head of special taxes, in-
cluding a tax on their sales, so as to relieve
them from the specific tax collected by stamps,
provided for in the latter part of the bill. The
committee were unable to act on the subject
at that time and intended to vote on it this
morning, but the reception of the Chinese em-
bassy prevented the meeting of the committee;
and I will ask the unanimous consent of the
committee to pass over these two paragraphs
until after to-morrow morning so as to give an
opportunity to the committee to keep faith
with the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BUTLER. I object; and I will give the
reason if it is in order.
Mr. BARNES. I supposed an opportunity
would have been presented to have changcd
this manner of collecting the tax before the
Committee of Ways and Means, and that I
should not have been compelled to argue the
question before the House. Someof the mem-
bers of tho committee were willing to receive
the information in that way which they had
not had an opportunity of receiving, and I
would be very much obliged to the gentleman
from Massachusetts if he would withdraw the
objection, and let these paragraphs be passed
upon again by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. BUTLER. I have a reason for object-
ing ; I do not do it merely arbitrarily. If the
committee will bear with rae a moment I will
state it. It is that the makers of these cos-
metics and drugs and patent medicines are of
all others the least useful on earth, and are of
the least consequence to anybody but them-
selves. They are taxing the people in every
form for articles which are of no use except to
poison them, and for that reason I want them
taxed in this part of the bill, taxed under the
stamp taxes, and taxed everywhere.
Mr. BARNES. Then I would suggest that
the taxes may be increased by referring the
matter back to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
propose an amendment?
Mr. BARNES. Of course I must offer the
amendment in a different form from what was
my understanding with the Committee of Ways
and Means. I move to strike out both these
paragraphs, the one beginning on line three
hundred and thirteen, and the one beginning
on line three hundred and thirty-four.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman that one of those paragraphs
has been passed, and that it is too late to move
to strike it out.
Mr. BARNES. I move, then, to strike out
the paragraph beginning on line three hun-
dred and thirty-four, which is as follows:
Manufacturers of cosmetics and perfumery, whose
annual sales exceed $1,000, shall pay twenty-five
jlollars. Every person -who&e business it. is to mii.co
tfany essenoe, extract, toilet-water, cosmetic, hair-
oil, pomade, hair-dressing, hair restorative, hair-
u dentifrice, tooth-paste, aromatic
cacaous, or any similar articles, by whatsoever name
the same heretofore have been, now are, or may
hereafter be caliod, known, or distinguished, to bo
used or applied as_ perfumes or applications to the
hair, mouth, or skin, shall be regarded as a manu-
facturer of cosmetics and perfumery.
I should have moved to strike out the pre-
ceding paragraph if I had not supposed that
the request of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means would be granted, and that
the matter would be referred back to the'com-
mittee. That was the reason why I did not
make the motion in time, and, therefore, I ask
the unanimous consent of the committee to be
allowed to move to strike out both paragraphs.
Mr. ALLISON. I must object.
Mr. BARNES. I move, then, to strike out
the paragraph which I have read.
Mr. Chairman, I find that the rates of taxa-
tion upon various articles and trades specified
in the bill range in comparison something like
the following: the rate to be derived from
confectionery is one sixth of one per cent.,
from the manufacture of jewelry one per cent.,
from gold and silver ware half of one per cent.,
fire-arms half of one per cent., pianos half of
one per cent.
Mr. ALLISON. I will withdraw my objec-
tion, so as to let the gentleman from New York
test the sense of the committee on striking out
the preceding paragraph.
Mr. BEAMAN. I renew the objection.
Mr. BARNES. My remarks will apply to
the articles included in both paragraphs. The
rate of taxation on the manufacture of billiard
tables is one per cent. Then candles, choco-
late, gunpowder, white lead, paints, colors,
glue, cement, gold leaf, building and monu--
mental stones, mineral water, fancy soaps,
enameled leather, &c., are not taxed. The
articles enumerated in these two paragraphs
of which I am speaking are taxed from six to
twenty-five per cent. An article which is sold
at wholesale at ten dollars per dozen, or
eighty three cents per single item, is taxed spe-
cifically six cents, which is seven and twenty-
eight hundredths per cent, upon the manu-
facturer's price, xirtieles which sell at eight
dollars per dozen and are sold at sixty-four cents
per item are taxed four cents, which is six and
twenty-five hundredths per cent. Those that
are sold at fifty cents per dozen are still taxed
one cent for each article, which is at the rate
of twenty per cent. And if you will examine
these articles you will find that some of them
are taxed as high as thirty-three and one third
and even fifty per cent.
Now, gentlemen will bear in mind that there
is a very great difference in the rates of taxa-
tion upon these different classes of articles.
The lowest rate of taxation on the articles of
this class is at least six per cent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I?or one I should have
been glad to have given the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Baknbs] a full opportunity to
have presented before the Committee of Ways
and Means his views upon this paragraph and
the one immediately preceding it, although my
mind is clearly made up as to the duty of the
committee in respect to these two paragraphs.
I perfectly agree with my distinguished friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butleii] with refer-
ence to the ability of this class of articles to
bear taxation. I think there are no classes of
articles that can better bear taxation than_the
class of medicines and medical preparations
known as " patent medicines." Wetax to-day
very highly the article of friction matches, and
raise from it a revenue of §3,000,000 or more,
yet the gentleman from New York asks us to
remove from schedule C, for that really is his
proposition, everything in it except friction
matches. For one, I think we should retain
the tax as it is in this paragraph, and also
retain the prevision in schedule C.
I will say that this question has at least once
received the careful attention and considera-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means.
After having received such careful considera-
tion and due deliberation, the Committee of
