1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4015
West prove to you as they have been coming
up calling for help. You can hear the cries
now, as she feels her life's blood being drawn
from her veins and her limbs chafed and swol-
len by the gyves of contraction. In the lan-
guage of the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] you have not done
enough by simply leaving the tourniquet as it
was; you must loosen it, let in more circula-
tion. Why, pause for an instant and reflect;
$200,000,000 of the life-giving current taken
away since the close of the war, and you are no
nearer specie payment than when the war
closed. But, says my hard-money friend, the
price of gold proves that we have a redund-
ancyof money. Nosuchthing; ifitdidwehad
less when the war closed than now, for gold was
lower. When Atlanta fell the currency was
reduced,thegreatcause that madegoldgo to 280
was the fact that there was a doubt in the minds
of some as to our ability to conquer the South ;
not because we had too much paper, but too little
confidence. And this same thing enters into
the price of gold to-day, and any return to a
gold basis before it is settled will be only at
the expense of the people. All values are
unsettled by it, and could we by any means
return to a specie basis it would only be knock-
ing off one third of the value of every species of
property except the debts, public or private.
You would take away one third of thedebtor's
means, while the creditor, Shyloek-like, could
claim his pound of flesh because it was so de-
nominated in the bond.
I have no words of scorn for the bondhold-
ers. They made a good bargain with the Gov-
ernment, as the most of men would have done
under similar circumstances. The blame rests
alone upon that party and those men who
decried the public credit; those men who, in
the forum and on the stump, proclaimed that
the nation was ''dying, dying, dying," until
our neighbors believed the cry and thought the
dead mail's estate would be far from solvent,
upon these rests the odium of this hard bar-
gain. The country needed the money to carry
on the war, to buy food and clothing for our
soldiers, ammunition for our battle-fields. She
had no time to wait, her necessities were imme-
diate and pressing, and she was compelled to
make such bargains as she could ; but, thank
God, the "sick mail''' is recovering; in spite
of evil predictions he is still alive and fast
approaching convalescence. There is no doubt
of our ability to pay; and now comes the great
question of how we shall pay this debt hanging
so heavily over us. For one, I am opposed to
any repudiation. Not one dollar should be
taken from the nation's creditor; but, on the
other hand, not one cent should be taken from
the nation's coffers and given to the creditor
more than stipulated in the bond—'■ the flesh,
but aot one drop of blood." But I need not
detain the committee to go over the arguments
so ably adduced on this floor to prove that a
large portion of our bonds, when due, will then
be payable in the lawful money of the Gov-
ernment, let that be gold or greenbacks.
For my part I am willing to leave the con-
struction of the contract to the courts and am
ready to abide the issue ; but to my mind the
most serious point to be considered is the manner
by which we are to provide the lawful money
tliat is to liquidate these bonds, for a mere
change of name without other relief does not
reach the disease. Ourpeople are burdened with
taxes, pressed down by a weight that must be
lightened or it will grow intolerable. How can
we best relieve this pressure? Honorable gen-
tlemen say let, it alone, and as an argument say
ihat the present generation has done enough;
let the next pay the debt. I agree with my
learned friends as to the argument; but does
letting it alone relieve the present generation?
.Let any of those in favor ot the let-alone policy
but take pencil in hand and solve the problem
when that debt will pay itself in interest alone
at compound interest every six months, with
gold at forty, and he will be surprised to find
that this generation, by letting the debt alone,
will pay it several times m interest, and the
principal yet remain as a legacy for our chil-
dren. Raising by taxation enough to pay the
debt in less than ten years is not my plan of
letting it alone. You might talk of leaving the
debt for future generations were it not that it
is day by day eating up our substance. We
must have some plan to stop so much interest,
and then we can let it alone, and in no other
way. And now, Mr. Chairman, come the dan-
gerous shoals of our financial course.
I know that many of the wise patriots and
financiers of our land believe they see beneath
every attempt to relieve the people the murky
form of repudiation. For my part the hue
and cry has no terror to me, as repudiation
can only come when our people are crushed
down ; until every ray of hope is gone ; only
by keeping up the interest on the bonds pay-
ing the principal in gold ; exempt them from
taxation ; then contract; reduce the currency
—the means of the people ; and in my opinion
you are fast finding the road to universal bank-
ruptcy, from which may be seen leading repu-
diation. For my part I would issue as many
greenbacks as the country can carry ; bow
great that amount may be I will not pretend
to say. With these greenbacks I would redeem
the five-twenty bonds as they become due ; the
balance not so redeemed 1 would refund at
a low rate of interest taxable on its face, if
not at such a low rate that the people might
see that the bondholder was assisting in carry-
ing the burdens of the nation. Bondholders,
of course, will cry aloud, but the currency that
you force upon our crippled soldiers and the
widows and orphans of those who fell that our
country might live, certainly ought to be good
enough for the bondholder. I believe that the
business of the country calls for and requires
more currency, and our highest duty to a suf-
fering people is to relieve them as far as is in
our power from the crushing load of taxation.
But we are met by the hue and cry of expan-
sion. I am distinctly in favor of expansion.
Our country, as well as everything else, must
keep pace with our growth as a nation. Al-
ready you can see—Brother Jonathan-like—
the extremities protruding far beyond the
financial unmentionables of our country. No
wonder, then, that cold piercing winds cause
the body-politic to shiver as we vainly endeavor
to make upper and nether garments meet upon
our fast-growing body. Expansion is the nat-
ural law of currency and a healthy growth as a
nation. Hume well says:
" It is of no manner of consequence with regard to
the domestic happiness ot' aStiite whether money be
in greater or lets quantity. The good policy of the
magistrate consists only in keeping it, if possible,
increasing, because by that means he keeps alive a
spirit of industry in the nation, and increases the
stock of labor, in which consists ail real power and
riches. A nation whose money decreases is actually
at that time weaker and more miserable than another
nation which possesses no moro money, but is on the
increasing hand. This will be easily accounted for
if we consider that the alterations in the quantity
of money either on the one side or the other is not
immediately attended with proportionable altera-
tions in the price of commodities."
The workman has not the same employment
from the manufacturer and merchant, though
he pays the same price for everything in the
market. The farmer cannot dispose of his
corn and cattle, though he must pay the same
rent to his landlord. The poverty and beg-
gary and sloth which must ensue are easily
foreseen. Another English writer says :
"That the greatest distress among the laboring
classes of England was iu 1S16, when goldwasp.tr,
when the new sovereigns lay at tllebankers uncalled
for, and when Spanish dollars sold at four shillings
and three pence."
How did our currency stand in 1801? To-
tal amount of gold in country §275,000,000;
silver $110,000,000. Total coin S3S5,000,000.
Held by banks and the Government $07,674,-
507; amount of coin in circulation $287,325,-
493; bank notes in circulation $202,005,707.
Total amount notes and coin in ciiculatiou
$487,991,200. How stands the currency to-
day? Legal tenders and fractional cuirencv,
$387,142,457; bank notes, $293,887,941. To-
tal, $681,030,398: but to be deducted from this
amount held by banks as reserve $157,439,099;
supposed to be held in Treasury probably
$45,000,000 more. Total out of circulation,
$202,430,099, leaving actual circulation $478,-
591,299 ; or $11,399,901 less than the circula-
tion in 1801.
No «ouder, then, that the giant of the last six
years' growth feels the iron cutting into his
flesh as you attempt to force his limbs into
the iron boots of contraction.
My plan is to increase our circulation until
it will be commensurate with the increase of
our country in every other particular.
How stood the figures in 18G3 ? From the
best data at hand the New York banks in three
years inflated their circulation $185,848,634.
If other banks did the same we then had an
entire inflation of $700,000,000, which, added
to the circulation then out, $535,000,000,
would give us $1,200,000,000. And when,
financially, did we ever have a better year
than 1863 ? No one broke up ; and yet to-day
you hear the cry of the dead and dying, finan-
cially, all around you.
France has a circulation per capita of
thirty-dollars. England twenty-five ; and we,
with our extent of territory and improvements,
certainly require more than either, and the
Government should furnish it. Tie Govern-
ment credit to-day furnishes the sole basis of
the bank currency. I would remodel the na-
tional bank system so as to take away the
power of issuing bills. I do not propose to
blot them out of existence, but to take away
that branch of their business, once, perhaps, a
necessity, but now an expensive luxury.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Ccrr.i.0M.) Does
the gentleman yield?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Certainly.
Mr. BURLEIGH. 1 would like to ask the
gentleman where he obtains his data in regard
! to the circulation of our currency ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I cannot
give the particulars now. But I can assure
the gentleman they are correct, and that 1 have
obtained my information from authorized
sources.
Now, let me illustrate: A goes to B, and in
order to assist him to pay his debts, says: "Now,
B, you give me your notes for $100,000 and pay
me the interest and I will loan you $90,000 of
my notes that your indorsement will make
good, and you can pay your debts with them."
Now, if A's credit is better than B's he may in
this manner get rid of his notes easier. But
if he is solvent and pays his notes and interest
promptly, how much has he made by the
transaction, as he has only borrowed of A
$10,000 more than he returns to him, with this
difference, that on the total amount of his own
notes he pays six per cent, interest in gold
while A pays nothing on his notes given in
exchange ? Then, as is readily seen, B is pay-
ing for the use of $10,000 the interest on the
entire $100,000, that is sixty per cent, in gold
on the $10,000, and this privilege of loaning
is rendered a monopoly by restricting the
amount of bank capital so that only a few have
this golden opportunity.
I believe that Government alone should fur-
nish the currency of the country, thereby sav-
ing millions in interest now paid banks for
furnishing a currency that without Government
indorsement would not be worth a farthing.
And just in proportion as you change the bonds
into greenbacks have you settled the question
of taxation of bonds. The greenbacks enter-
ing into circulation can be taxed as so much
money on hand without difficulty; and while
! you are reducing the taxes you are increasing
! the taxable property. That the bonds are to
j be taxed either directly or indirectly seems to
! be a foregone conclusion. Whether it is policy
! to tax the people of one State to be paid into
■ the coffers of another ia at least of doubtful
] propriety. The retention of one per cent, for
distribution to the State can only result m this.
The States paying the largest share of the
taxes, either by internal revenue or by tariff,
are to be the losers. You can hardly delude
