4016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
the people into believing that it is right that
the heavy tax-paying communities of the North
shall be taxed to distribute to the southern
States. Indiana may be allured by the glitter-
ing bait of $900,000 to be paid into her coffers
by the General Government; but when she
finds that this has been drawn from her hard
earnings, and an additional sum to be paid as
a bonus to southern States, she will spurn your
offer. You may compare the tax tables and
prove to them that the older States pay all the
taxes, and she will in answer show that we of
the West, the consumers, are the ones that
alter all bear the burden; we may not pay the
tax to the collector, but we do to the manu-
facturer and the importer. Every cup of cof-
fee, every draught of tea, the coat worn, and
the wagons driven, have, by their enhanced
value, paid the tax that is under this proposition
given to the support of the South, and she will
repudiate your plan as equally uujubt to the East
and the West. You can tax the bonds directly
more honestly tliau by this method. And in
connection with this point I wish to allude to
the bill lately introduced by my colleague [Mr.
Hunter] on thus subject.
The first section provides for an issue of a
new bond',- jjrineipal and interest payable in
gold at six per cent., interest payable semi-
annually, one per cent, to be retained and paid
to the States in lieu of taxes; the holders of
five-twenty bonds to be allowed to exchange
their bonds for these, or refusing to do so are
to be forced to take greenbacks. This bond
is simply a five per cent, bond, interest and
principal guarantied in coin. If my colleague
had reflected for a moment he would have
seen that we had a similar bond already out,
the ten-forty ; and let us see how much the
bondholder has been obliged to disgorge, how
much he pays for converting a greenback bond
into coin and that coin-bond protected from
taxation ; he is forced to take a bond that now
is quoted above par ; for by looking at the
market quotations of bonds in New York you
will see the live per cent ten-forties above
par. Should the gentleman be so lucky as to
secure the passage of his bill, not a bondholder
in the country but will see that he lias achieved
a glorious victory. He has changed his un-
certain bond into coin.
The bill proposes to settle the dispute as to
whether the principal of the live-twenties is pay-
able in gold or currency by agreeing to pay gold,
and in return for this the bondholder deducts
one percent, interest. How stands the bargain,
taking it for granted that the bonds are pay-
able in lawful currency? Say the bonds are,
in round numbers, $2,00(>,0u0,000 and gold
forty percent., then the gold value of the bonds
would be $1,428,571,428. Then to settle this
matter we give $571,500,000 in gold, and to
compensate us for this we deduct one per cent,
of the interest. Let us see how much that
would be. One per cent, on the principal,
$'2,000,000,000, having fifteen years to run,
would no $30,000,000 per annum. The present
worth of an annuity of that kind would be far
less than $200,000,000, that is, the Govern-
ment gets $200,000,000 while the bondholder
gets $571,428,572, the bondholder making by
the bargain the snug little sum of $371,428,572
in gold, and he has escaped what the people
demand, thattha bondholder's property should
share tin: burden" of the Government.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Does the bondholder
in this case get more than the Government
agreed to pay him for the money he advanced ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I think he
does. I believe the five-twenty bonds are pay-
able in greenbacks.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Then it ought to be cor-
rected by the Supreme Court of the United
States, or by the Congress of the United States.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. If the gen-
tleman had been hero when I began my speech,
he would have heard me say that I thought
the matter should be left to the Supreme Court.
Mr. BURLEIGH. There f agree with the
gentleman.
Mr. WASHBUIIN, of Indiana. The differ-
ence between us is that I believe I will beat
him when I get to the Supreme Court.
Mr. BUHLEIGIT. Do the people demand
repudiation of the national debt?
Mr. WASHBUllN, of Indiana. The people
do not demand repudiation, and the only way
to save repudiation is to make all the property
of the country pay taxes equally. If that is
repudiation, then I am for repudiation.
Mr. BURLEIGH. No doubt of it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. If it is
proposed to tax a part of the property of the
people to protect the property of another part
of the people, then I am opposed to it.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Did the Government
agree to give greenbacks to the man who came
forward in the hour of its need and loaned the
Government thegold he had earned and saved?
Mi. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The Gov-
ernment made the man take greenbacks who
risked his life in its defense, and when they
made the pension list they promised him the
same they promised the bondholder; and to-
day they make him take greenbacks. What is
the superior merit of the bondholder who took
bonds at forty cents on the dollar that he should
be preferred to the soldier of the war and his
widow?
Mr. BURLEIGH. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman this question : the Government having
taken my gold and agreed to repay me in gold,
am i to be required to take payment iu green-
backs at forty cents below par?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. That is ex-
actly what I say, that where the Government
agreed to pay in gold it will pay in gold; but
where the contract is otherwise it will pay in
the same currency in which it pays the rest of
its debts. The Government did not come and
beg the soldier to go into the ranks; it said,
" You shall go."
Mr. BURLEIGH. I was not a soldier-
broker or anything of the kind. It was gold
that I gave, and not soldiers; and the Govern-
ment agreed to pay me iu gold.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. If the gen-
tleman had been a soldier, and had given his
blood for the preservation of the Government,
he would appreciate the difference between a
bondholder and a soldier, and he would real-
ize the injustice of distinctions in favor of the
bondholder as against the soldier.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Mr. Chairman, I under-
stand the situation of my friend. He is, as I
understand, a candidate for reelection in his
State. Hencc 1 will not interrupt him further.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The gen-
tleman is mistaken, as he has been all the way
through. 1 am no candidate for anything. 1
am only standing up lor the rights of the peo-
ple as against a portion of the people who,
through false pretenses, have, in the late Demo-
cratic convention, attempted to loist upon us
Seymour and a bondholder's party.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Does the gentleman
suppose for one moment that I advocate that
paityor its candidate? I would sooner affiliate
with the devil and his host. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, i am glad
to hear the gentleman say that he does not
affiliate with that party. I was fearful that he
had been affiliating with the party that nom-
inated Seymour at the New York convention.
Mr. BURLEIGH. The gentleman certainly
had no ground for any such suspicion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I was cer-
tainly justified in thinking that the man who
could stand on this floor and boast that he had
obtained more official appointments at the
hands of Andrew Johnson than any other man,
would support that party.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Does the gentleman
from Indiana boast of anything of that kind?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. 1 do not
say who made such a boast. I leave it lor the
gentleman to sr^y.
Mr. BURLEIGH. The remarks of the gen-
tleman are a fitting commentary on his loyalty
and fidelity. I never made any boast ot that
kind.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I resume
my remarks at the point where I was inter-
rupted.
Not a single greenback will be added to the
currency under this bill, for greenbacks are
being daily exchanged for a similar bond and
a premium paid. The only result arising from
this bill will be this: under the guise of giving
the co..ntry more greenbacks you provide the
means by which our only chance to pay our
indebtedness in lawful money will be closed
entirely and a guarantee given that the bond-
holder will not be taxed. The people will not
be so easily hoodwinked. You must either
tax your new bonds as other property is taxed
or you must reduce the rate of interest so that
it will be plainly seen that the holders of the
bonds are doing something for the Govern-
ment. What rate of tax does many on-hand-
uotes at interest pay in your several States, and
then answer why these bonds should only pay
one per cent. Lor my part four per cent, is as
high as I can be got to go if you are to exempt
them from taxation. What is the difficulty?
Now, in the West the Government has been
paying too high a rate of interest until all the
surplus is locked up in bonds. Suppose a
farmer wants to borrow a thousand dollars
by mortgaging his farm, he cannot find an
opportunity, for he is met at every hand
by the response, " My money is in bonds at
six per cent, in gold, equal to nine per cent,
in currency, and no tax. If 1 take your note
I will be taxed from two to three per cent."
No wonder he refuses to change the invest-
ment, for many cannot and ought not to bear
any such rate.
The last clause of the sixth section of the
bill under review [Mr. Hustub's] is as fol-
lows :
And the Secretary of tho Treasury is hereby au-
thoiiaeii and empowered to collect from duties upon
imports onty such proportion of the saaie in coin as
may be necessary to meet the obligations of the
United States which are payable in coin, and the
residue ho shaft reeeivo in the lawful currency of the
United States.
And 1 here enter my solemn protest against
legislating upon the tariff bill in this covert
manner. Mere is a proposition to reduce the
tariff just in proportion as the amount so col-
lected should bear to the whole and the price
of gold, in other words, gold now at forty per
cent. If one half the customs are collected in
greenbacks, it will reduce the tariff on every-
thing twenty per cent. Now, those manufac-
turers who claim that they are only kept alive
by protection, will by this fell swoop have that
protection taken away; but the West com-
plains not so much of the tariff', but of the
unjust discrimination against our western prod-
ucts. How will it be with our grain, our pork,
our beef, now just sufficiently protected as to
keep out Canada? By this reduction you open
the markets of New York and New England to
Canada. Ai tides of luxury, now but little
taxed, instead of being incieased, decreased;
all the mistakes and blunders of our present
tariff made more glaring. What we need is a
reduction of interest, equal taxation, a fair and
judicious tariff, and time will take care of our
national debt and solve our financial trouble.
Mr. BLAIR addressed the committee on the
issues of the present political campaign. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. liLA. Mr. Chairman, I take this oppor-
tunity, lest I may not get another, to say
a word in defense of a vote given on the
resolution of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Cobb,] and the bill so ungraciously re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means
taxing the interest on Government bonds ten
per cent. These bonds now bear compara-
tively none of the burdens of the country, and
their exemption from taxation causes great
dissatisfaction and discontent which ought in
some way to be remedied. They are not
allowed to be taxed under State authority,
because the right to tax is without limit as to
rate or amount, and might be used by States
adversely to destroy the whole credit of the
Government.
The power of the General Government to
