29®2
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
J u ne %
Ways and Means inserted this paragraph in
this bill, and have presented it here ; and I do
not believe it is in the power of the gentleman
from New York, although he has a great array
of statistics, to convince the Committee of
Ways and Means, or this Committee of the
Whole, that these articles cannot bear the tax
here proposed.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Barnes ; and itwasnotagreed to.
Mr. 5CHENCK. I desire once more to say
distinctly to this Committee of the Whole—
and of course I must thereafter leave it to their
judgment—that the Committee of Ways and
Means decided to report this bill in its present
shape, putting a special tax upon the manufac-
turers of these articles, and also retaining these
articles for taxation specifically in schedule
C, as gentlemen will find by reference to sec-
tion one hundred and twelve of this printed
bill.
But the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Baknes] appeared before the Committee of
Ways and Means, and sought to get the com-
mittee to change their decision. After hear-
ing him fully upon the subject the committee
agreed to take a vote upon the subject this
morning before it came up in the House. The
committee, as members very well understand,
were prevented from holding any meeting this
morning.
I now submit to the gentlemen of this Com-
mittee of the Whole whether their minds are
so fixed upon this subject that they will not
allow the Committee of Ways and Means again
to consider it. I feel I am bound in good faith
to the gentleman from New York to again sub-
mit that matter to this committee.
Mr. BUTLER. And I again object.
Mr. BARNES. I move to amend this par-
agraph by striking out the word "cosmetics."
And I desire to say further to this committee,
in continuation of my line of argument, that
the majority of the articles enumerated in these
two paragraphs are composed in large part of
spirits which to-day bear a tax of six hundred
per cent.
Mr. LOGAN. But it does not pay the tax.
Mr. BARNES. And if the tax on distilled
spirits is reduced to fifty cents a gallon, which,
I believe, is the lowest sum that has been men-
tioned here, the tax will still be two hundred
per cent. Then you put an average tax of
from twelve to fifteen per cent, upon articles
which are made from material already taxed
six hundred per cent. I say there is nothing
else in this bill that corresponds with it by at
least one hundred per cent. And furthermore,
the manner of levying this tax is subject to the
gravest objection ; it is neither ad valorem nor
specific. The articles are small in character
and cheap in value. One hundred and forty-
four small articles constitute a package, and
a piece of paper denominated a stamp, the value
of which is represented by one cent, two cents,
or four cents, is to be placed on each of these
small articles.
Instead of taking the package itself, which
may contain one or five gross, a larger or a
smaller quantity, and putting upon the pack-
age a single stamp which shall represent a
wholesale manufacturer's price, the law, under
the recommendation of the Committee of Ways
and Means, has been so framed heretofore, (be-
cause the matter was not properly understood,)
as to require the pasting of these small pieces
of paper upon each of these small articles,
when the stamp could be much better applied
upon the gross product. Such a requirement
is not made in regard to any other class of
articles except friction matches, to which the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Autsos] has re-
ferred, an article of such a character that
the tax can be added to the selling price and
is always paid by the consumer. The class
of articles to which I refer are to-day sold at
about the same prices as they were in 1860.
The manufacturers advanced the prices upon
theBe goods, but, finding the advance could not
be sustained, they have been compelled to .
reduce the prices. You can now enter any il
store- on Pennsylvania avenue and purchase a
majority of these articles at the same prices at
which they were sold ten years ago.
In reply to the wholesale assertion which has
been made here with reference to the profits of
this branch of business, I say that although
there may be individual exceptions where for-
tunes have been made, yet such instances are
in this business less numerous by ninety-nine
per cent, than those occurring in f.ny other
department of business enumerated in this.bill.
I can refer gentlemen to a catalogue of those
interested in this class of business, with the
articles which they have been engaged in man-
ufacturing; and I defy any gentleman to find
forty articles out of the one thousand enumer-
ated which have not bankrupted those who
were interested in them.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment and ask a vote.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BARNES. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the words " toilet water " in line three
hundred and thirty-seven.
Mr. Chairman, the objections raised to the
mode of legislation contemplated in these para-
graphs are distinct, they are sensible, they are
equitable, and no fair-minded man on this floor
can look at them in any other light. The
articles here enumerated are such as are almost
a matter of necessity in the family of every
gentleman upon the floor of this House. If I
should go to the residence of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] who under-
took to denounce the branch of business of
which I am now speaking, I have no doubt
whatever that I should find there five, ten, and
perhaps twenty-five representatives of the class
of articles which he denounces as injurious.
So far as that is concerned. I suppose there is
not a gentleman upon this floor who does not
know that the gentleman from Massachusetts,
who deals in this wholesale denunciation of a
class of men who are as respectable as any
whom he can call kinsmen, has a fellow-towns-
man, Dr. J. C. Ayer, who is as respectable a
man as any in the community, and who is per-
forming as good a work for humanity when he
sells his compounded prescription in a sealed
bottle, as when he formerly, as a physician,
sent his prescription to an apothecary to be
compounded—as good a work as any other
physician, when he sends his prescription to
be put up, that it maybe taken by the patient.
So far as regards the general merits of the
business, I leave that question to the common
sense of gentlemen themselves. I think the
business needs no defense. It is a business
which is recognized in your tax bills. As I
understand, the Committee of Ways and Means
do not design to tax ouL of existence any busi-
ness. But they are proposing to tax this
business, so far as the alcoholic preparations
are concerned, entirely beyond the extent to
which it can bear taxation. Most of these
articles, as I have remarked, are composed
largely of double-proof spirits, necessary to
preserve them on the one hand against the
effects of heat, and on the other against the
influence of cold. Seventy-five per cent, of
the bulk of these articles is spirits. It is the
necessity of their preparation and preserva-
tion.
I submit to this House that these articles are
as meritorious as any other class of articles,
and are not to be burdened with higher taxa-
tion than other like articles. The taxation
that is imposed upon pianos and billiard-tables
is sufficient tax to put upon them. I insist
that it is unjust to discriminate as is done
against these small articles. It is not fair that
they should have so many of these small stamps
put upon them. See the great impropriety
there would be in taxing the spool of cotton,
the buttons, and every other small thing that
goes to make up a coat instead of putting the
tax upon the coat itself. I can enumerate one
hundred and forty-four of these small articles,
worth only four dollars, upon which one hun-
dred and forty-four of these pieces of paper
are placed, each of which represents one cent.
The percentage of tax is thirty-three per cent.,
and more.
[Here the hammer fell,]
Mr. BUTLER. I am sorry, Mr. Chairman,
that the gentleman from New York insists
upon bringing before the House the name of
the gentleman who is engaged in making prep-
arations commonly known aS " patent medi-
cines." He is not a constituent of mine, and
I have nothing to say against him in any shape
or form. I never did believe his medicines
did any good to anybody. I do not think that
they have added to "the sum of human happi-
ness" in any degree. T do not believe they
are a valuable preparation to anybody but him-
self. From them he has derived a very large
income, due to his energy and his persistence,
and his advertising so largely.
Now, sir, passing from him, I take up the
general subject. The people of the United
States would be better off if they could legis-
late out of existence pills, powders, tinctures,
troches, lozenge's, sirups, cordials, bitters,
anodynes, tonics, plasters, liniments, salves,
ointments, pastes, drops, waters, essences,
spirits, oils, extracts, toilet-waters, cosmetics,
hair-oil, pomade, hair-dressing, hair-restora-
tive, hair-dye, tooth-wash, dentifrice, tooth-
paste, aromatic cachous, or any similar articles,
I submit if we could tax them so they would
never be heard of it would be better for us all
They are a necessary evil.
A Member. They are unnecessary.
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir; they are a neces-
sary evil; because, men believe there is some-
thing of health by pouring this poison into
them, and men believe there is something of
beauty by putting this stuff on them. They are
of no earthly use except for the benefit of those
who sell them. I call the gentleman's atten-
tion to the fact that he has argued this case
three times, and he lia3convinced but one man
in this House to vote with him, and that is
himself. Is it, then, quite right that he should
take up the valuable time of the country in
discussing this question which he has discussed
in the Committee of Ways and Means, and
discussed here ? In all fairness, should not
there be an end of it? I only objected for the
purpose of putting forward the public busi-
ness. I had no other object. I desire to have
debate closed on this paragraph.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I hope, by unanimous con-
sent, debate will be closed on these two para-
graphs.
Mr. BARNES. I object.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing this debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Dawes, as
Speaker pro tempore, having taken the chair,
Mr. Pomeroy reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 10G0) to reduce into
one act and to amend the laws relating to
internal taxes, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and pending that motion, 1 move that
all farther debate on the pending paragraphs
shall be closed in one minute after their con-
sideration shall be resumed.
Mr. BARNES. I ask for a division.
Mr. ALLISON. How much time does the
gentleman want?
Mr. BARNES. This legislation has got to
go oti straight or it cannot go on at all. If I
have the power I shall move that there be a
call of the House.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman is not in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion that all debate shall close
in one minute.
The question being put, there were—ayes 40,
noes 14 ; no quorum voting.
