1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Tellers wereordered; and the Chair appointed
Messrs. Karnes and Allison.
Mr. CULLOM. How much time does the
gentleman from New York desire?
Mr. BARNES. I cannottell; I want tellers.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 09, noes 13.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that all debate
cease in ten minutes after going into Commit-
tee of the Whole upon the pending paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and resume the consideration of the
internal tax bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Honse
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Pomekoy in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
H. JR. No. 1060) to reduce into one act and to
amend the laws relating to internal taxes.
Mr. BARNES. Mr. Chairman, when inter-
rupted I was about to say that I happen to
occupy a position 
Mr. UPSON. Mr. Chairman, is there any
amendment pending?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York has the floor.
Mr. BARNES. I will renew the amendment
On any part of the section for the purpose of
debating this subject.
Several Members. Go on.
Mr. BARNES. Mr. Chairman, I have iu
my possession from five to eight hundred letters
from druggists and manufacturers of articles
enumerated in these two paragraphs of this bill.
It so happens that I sustain a relation to this
class of persons throughout the United States
which makes me the natural receptacle of this
, kind of information. These parties request
oie to do what little I can to see that their inter-
ests are presented and represented in this
House. 1 have endeavored since I have been
here to treat every member of the House with
courtesy, and I will appeal to any gentleman
here if I have taken offense at any word that has
ever been uttered, any insinuation or innuendo
that has been intended, directly or indirectly,
for myself. But two gentlemen on this floor
to-night have deliberately insulted me, and I
say to those gentlemen 
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to ask the
gentleman if he includes me?
Mr. BARNES. I did not include the gen-
tleman.
Mr. MULLINS. Regular order, Mr. Chair-
man. [Laughter.]
Mr. BARNES. I am compelled from the
action that the House has seen fit to take to
explain my relations to this kind of business.
From Portland, Oregon, across the Sierra
Nevada, throughout the western States to Port-
land, Maine, throughout the southern States,
•and I may say beyond the confines of the stars
and stripes. I am called upon for information
with reference to this kind of business. I have
undertaken to consult with the Committee of
Ways and Means with reference to it in order
that it might have a fair consideration. I am
met here with the presentation of the most
extraordinary taxes that are to be found in this
bill, and applied iu a manner that I undertake
to say cannot be defended in a five-minute
speech by any gentleman, whether he be amera-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means or
any other member of the House. J list think of
the application of one hundred and forty-four
small pieces of paper to one hundred and forty-
four tooth-picks ! How absurd and ridiculous J
No man can sustain it upon any common sense
principle. Jf gentlemen invite plain language,
I am compelled to give it to them. 1 say 1 am
associated with people who feel that they are
overtaxed. When a man manufactures a bil-
liard table he is taxed upon the sale of it one per
cent. Another man manufactures medicines
or perfumery, and he is taxed twenty-five dol-
lars, and has to pay what amounts to one or
two per cent. more. I say it is an invidious
40th Cons. 2d Sess.—Jfo. 188.
discrimination, an unjust interference. I say
so to the gentlemen who prepared this bill.
I am discussing this subject in a manner in
which I did not intend. It was in my mind to
refer to stamps in the illustration of books or
magazines which we will say Harper publishes.
He stamps it at the retail price of forty cents.
In New York city it is sold at thirty cents, in
Denver at seventy-five cents, in Salt Lake City
two dollars, and in San Francisco at another
price; and yet, by the action of the Committee
of Ways and Means, articles less in volume
and price than that magazine, and composed
of more duplicates, are compelled to apply
stamps—which shall do what? Why, that
shall represent the retail price. I ask the
Committee if they can defend the idea of put-
ting a retail price on a bottle of medicine, an
article of perfumery, or any of the things of
which I am speaking? This bill would not
stand an hour's investigation before any judi-
cial tribunal, for it requires an impossibility,
and a law of that kind, I undertake to say, be-
fore the common sense of any community is
null and void, and could not be enforced.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and I will yield my time to the gentle-
man from New York to continue his remarks.
Mr. BARNES. I am much obliged to the
gentleman. I desire now to call the attention
of the committee to the absurdity of taking the
infinitesimally small duplicates of articles like
these under consideration here and compelling
them to be manipulated in the way this bill
prescribes. Why does not the committee take
hold of large articles, such as plows and safes
and desks, and cause stamps to be put upon
them ? But instead of that, the committee take
these small articles and compel them to be
manipulated at an expense of one or perhaps
two per cent, to the proprietor for the applica-
tion of the stamps. It loses sight of the fact
that the stamps might be applied to the gross
packages. The facts have been presented to
the committee, but I felt that the committee
did not understand the impracticability of this
application of stamps. The articles produced
are cheap in price, the stamps required are
numerous, and the expense of applying them is
greater in some cases than the profit realized.
Moreover, there are constant thefts of these
stamps. I have known within my own expe-
rience of at least fifty children employed at
laboratories in the city where I reside who have
been arraigned within the last year for stealing
stamps, and who had been tempted to become
felons by the facilities for stealing them. I
know of one lad fourteen years old who had
taken from one place and sold in two other
places $900 worth of these stamps within three
months before he was detected. You can all
understand the difficulties attending the opera-
tion of using these stamps. I ask gentlemen
to point out one single advantage in collecting
the tax in this way.
If the assertion of the gentleman is correct,
that this is the most effective mode of collect-
ing the revenue, then, sir, why is it not applied
to all the articles which are enumerated in this
bill? It is very singular reasoning to main-
tain that large articles, such as planing mills
and plows and implements of manufacture and
wheels, should be untaxed by stamps, while
the cogs of the wheel and the buckles of the
harness are to be stamped in duplicate. I
submit to gentlemen that they have no argu-
ment upon this point.
Mr. Chairman, I shall be compelled, as we
progress with the bill, to offer amendments
with reference to the amount and character of
these stamps. I will not now detain the com-
mittee longer. I regret to have taken up^ so
i much of its time. It was not my intention
to do so, but I- have been driven into it. I
have merely given expression to the views
and wishes which have been communicated to
me by a large number of persons scattered
throughout this country, and it I have made
myself understood by this committee and by
these gentlemen when they find their just ideas
defeated I shall be very glad. I now with-
draw the amendment.
No further amendments being offered, the
next paragraph was read, as follows:
Confectioners shall each pay as a wholesale or
retail dealer, according to the araountofsales. Every
person whose business it is to sell or offer for sale
confectionery m any building shall "be regarded as a
confectioner. No person who has paid his special
tax as a wholesale dealer or retail dealer, keeper of
a hotel, inn, or tavern, or keeper of an eating-house,
shall be required to pay an additional special tax as
a confectioner.
No amendments were offered, and the Clerk
read as follows:
Manufacturers of confectionery, whose annual sales
exceed $1,000 and do not exceed $6,(XX), shall each,
pay a tax of twenty dollars, and when the sales
exceed $5,000 shall, in addition pay six dollars for
each $1,000 in excess of$5,900. But amanufacturerof
confectionery who sells or offers for sale exclusively
the products of his own manufacture shall not be
required, in addition to his tax as a manufacturer of
confectionery, to pay the special taxes imposed on a
confectioner.
No amendment was proposed, and the fol-
lowing paragraph was read:
Grinders of coffee and spices, whose annual sales
exceed $1,000, shall each pay a tax ot twenty dollars.
Every person who grinds coffee, spices, or mustard,
orany article intended for use as a substitute for, or
as an adulteration of, eoffee, spices, or mustard, or
who compounds, mixes, or prepares for sale any
article intended for use and sale as eoffee, spice, or
mustard, or as asubstitute tberefor, shall be regarded
as a grinder of coflee and spices.
No amendment was offered.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
Keepers of hotels, inns, or taverns shall be classi-
fied and rated according to the yearly rental or the
estimated yearly rental value of the house and prop-
erty intended to be so occupied, as follows, to wit: ,
when the rent or valuation of the yearly rental of
said house and property shall be $300 or less, they
shall each pay ten dollars; and if exceeding $300,
for every additional $100 or fractional part thereof
in excess of $300. shall pay five dollars. Every per-
son whose business it is to furnish food and lodging
to travelers and others, for pay, shall be regarded as
a keeper of a hotel, inn, or tavern. Any person
keeping: a hotel, inn, or tavern may keep and feed
the animals of travelers or sojourners without tho
payment of an additional special tax as a hvery-
stable keeper; but wines, spirits, or malt liquors
shall not be sold to be drunk upon the premises with-
out the payment of the additional special tax of a
retail liquor dealer. Owners of steamers and vessels
upon the waters of the United States, on board of
which passengers or travelers are provided with food
or lodgings, shall be subject to and required to pay a
special tax of twenty-five dollars. The yearly rental
value of hotels, inns, or taverns shall be determined
by the assistant assessor, but at not less than the
actual rent when rented.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to
amend this paragraph, in the third sentence,
by striking out the words "to be drunk upon
the premises without the payment of the addi-
tional special tax of a retail liquor dealer;"
and inserting in lieu thereof the words, " with-
out the payment in addition of the special tax
of a wholesale or retail liquor dealer, accord-
ing to the amount of his sales."
Mr. b UTLER. I rise to oppose this amend-
ment, and for reasons which I will state to
this committee. I do not see any use in pass-
ing this amendment, because I am quite cer-
tain that, at this period of this session of Con-
gress, there is no reasonable prospect that we
can pass this bill. Therefore it is not worth
while to try any longer to amend it.
This bill was reported to the House on the
12th of May, after having been for five months
under consideration by the Committee of Ways
and Means. I appreciate the labors of that
committee, and tliink they have made a bUl as
near perfect as it is possible for any committee
to do. We have now been all this time upon
this bill and have only reached page 108, the
bill containing three hundred and sixty pages ;
and we have not yet reached the really debat-
able matter contained in the bill.
I am afraid, if we continue the consideration
of this bill, we will not be able to get it through
this House before the 1st of July, ine bill
will then have to go to the Senate, where it
will be referred to the Committee on f inance.
Many gentlemen who have interests at stake
will want to be heard before the Committee
on Finance. That committee will not get
through with its consideration in much less
