4018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
lars of that temple, and rending them asunder
all perished in one vast ruin. As Sampson
seized those pillars even so did the Republican
party seize upon the two great pillars which
are the supports of our temple. I mean the
Supreme Court and the Executive. By the
power still left in this party they have striven
and are still striving to uproot those pillars
from their foundations and overwhelm at one
fell swoop the masses of the Amerean people.
But not like the Philistines of old do those
masses stand idly and listlessly by, to see them-
selves crushed by a hydra-headed monster.
Andrew Johnson, placed by his countrymen
as a sentinel upon a watch-tower, sounded the
tocsin which woke them from their lethargy.
Thus aroused, they spoke from the eastern
boundaries of Maine to the western shores of
California to show that " there was life in the
old land y et." And from that time the mighty
hosts of freemen of this great llepublic have
been heaving and surging and gathering their
strength for the coining struggle. That strug-
gle, sir, will vindicate alike the intelligence,
the manhood, and the love of liberty which
ever have animated and ever will animate the
Anglo-Saxon race.
We have stood for the last few months upon
the verge of a precipice, a dark abyss of an-
archy yawning at our feet. This giant lie-
publican pany hoped by one last wild effort to
throw off' the life-sustaining restraints of the
Constitution of our fathers. This was to be
done by the impeachment and displacement of
the constitutional head of our Government.
They would then arrogate to themselves, as an
oligarchy, all the powers of the Government,
in other words, the aim was to establish just
such a power in the Congress as was usurped
by the Assembly ol France during the reign
ol terror. But do any of them for a moment
dream that, along with the attainment of such
a power, they may also reach the fame aud
fate of Danton, Robespierre, and Marat, their
counteipuits in Fiench history V
That power, like that which existed in the
French Assembly, was not attained, is due to
the wisdom of the l'ratncrs of our Constitu-
tion, who wisely gave us two branches of the
legislative department. The one to act as a
cheek on the other. The Senate, thank God,
existed, and stood as an effectual barrier
against the rushing storm to check " the waters
wild" of this storm. The Senate saved the
Republic at least for the time. The Senate
saved a patriot, and in saving him from parti-
san persecution they have made for themselves
names which will bo revered by generations
yet to come. The Senate, by their verdict,
have given peace and cjuict to the .North, and
the people in the coming contest will, by the
election of a Democratic 1'resident, give such
a verdict against the misdeeds of those now
legislating as will revive the desolated South,
and she will be again the '• sunny land,"
with blooming fields and happy homes. She
will once moie be brought lairly and equally
into the sisterhood of States, and cause the
wealth of Europe, and even of the Celestial
Empire, to flow into our coffers, and thence
into the hands of our laboring artisans.
As "straws show us which way the wind
blows," so the recalling of one or two little
occurrences here may serve to illustrate the
intensity of the hatred entertained by the im-
peachers against the President. Foiled in their
plotof ruininghim, they immediately cast about
them for minor objects on which to wreak their
long pent-up vengeance. A few days since,
by resolution of the two Houses, a room was
furnished and fitted up in the Capitol that an
accomplished woman might there, without dan-
ger of interruption, pursue her noble and enno-
bling profession in the interest of the nation.
In the midst of her quiet labors, although
guaranteed by Congress against disturbance,
behold her charged upon most furiously by "a
gallant band of brotheis from the old"—im-
peachment clique, supposed to be more capa-
ble of conducting this sort of campaign than
the kind in which they had just failed so sig-
nally as managers. The reason for this sudden
onslaught upon Miss Vinnie and her helpless
statues, the cams belli, so soon after a solemn
treaty of peace, was the fact that she—although
her sentiments are said to have accorded with
those of the Republican party—had refused to
truckle to extreme Radical behests or to work
the wires of the impeachment machinery. To
this bold charge these iconoclastic woman-
fighters were unflinchingly led by a doughty
warrior who has ever shown himself eager for
such a fray. Although the concussions pro-
duced on Fortress Freedom by the violent ex-
plosions of his wrath, on this occasion appeared
to the veteran sentinels on duty far more start-
ling than formidable; yet poor woman and
poor art were terrified, and fled appalled before
the fiendish charge and the brimstone cloud.
The frenzied and persistent attempts of this
great champion of the "woolly-head" to ride
the woolly-horse were not quite so successful;
and, unless he beware the former, though more
docile just now than the mule ridden by a still
greater general and sometimes bottle-corker
in his strolling boyhood, may throw him at the
November races.
The plan of reconstruction which President
Johnson proceeded to carry out in May, 1865,
was the identical one previously agreed upon
by Mr. Lincoln and his Cabinet in accordance
with the views then entertained by the Repub-
lican party. The States yielded ready obedi-
ence to the conditions imposed, and up to
this point all moved smoothly toward restora-
tion. 'The old constitutional lights, which
had been dimmed by war clouds and threat-
ened with total extinction, blazed forth again;
old land-marks loomed up once more in the
hazy distance, and lent their friendly guidance
to wanderers over the benighted waste. But
the Republican party, just here, snuffed
danger. They knew that after the nation's
long winter of discontent, the fruition of a
spring-like peace would be to them but bitter,
or, like Dead Sea apples, become ashes on
their lips. They knew that the scepter of power
must slip from their grasp and pass into the
hands oftheit untiring foe, the great constitu-
tional party of the North. It was at that
critical juncture that they made a closer league
with the powers of darkness. It was then that
they concocted the hell-broth of African rule,
and gloatingly stirred it into the political caul-
dron. They are now dancing, hag-like, around
it as they administer the paralyzing potion
with no stinted hand to the best, the t>ravest
of the southern people.
It, has been said that to crush the rebellion
nearly a half million men lost their lives.
Three years of almost uninterrupted Radical
rule have followed, and thus far with what
results? Three momentous results, indeed.
We see now a truckling, mongrel platform,
without an infinitesimal portion of patriotism,
justice, or magnanimity in it, substituted for
the glorious Constitution of better days; and
while the dark hues of bondage have in one
sense been lightened by the substitution of
white slavery for black, the nation's hopes
have been thereby most hideously darkened.
It has been customary with those in authority
to refer for guidance to the acts of their pre-
decessors. With what degree ot safety to the
liberties of the people, to the observance of
constitutional guarantees, or to the stability
of the Government, can future parties, as they
come into power, regard as guiding precedents
the congressional acts of the last two or three
years? Why, each party, as soon as it obtained
sway, would, were such examples followed,
throw everything into chaos; and, although
the people might rise each time in their boasted
majesty and vote them out and a new party in,
it would be, at best, but exchanging one cha-
otic condition for another—the Radical for the
Democratic, or the reverse, as the case might
be ; the void and formless monster would still
brood above the waters.
In the name of justice and peace and na-
tional prosperity ; in the name of good govern-
ment, ay, of any government in contradis-
tinction to this ruinous anarchy that 'menaces
our favored land; a land that has been, and
may be again, the hope of the world and the
terror of oppressors; but most of all, in the
saered nanae of the constitutional republican
Government established by our ancestors ; hon-
ored by their faithful observance; hallowed
and sealed by their blood; ia the name of five
millions of suffering people; their homes des-
olated, hearts crushed, hopes blighted; in the
name of all these 1 appeal, through its consti-
tuted and acknowledged leaders here assem-
bled, to the great Radical party; a few years
ago unborn from the womb of time, but lately
Titan for strength ; breaking from its bonds }
shaking the land with its strides of progress ;
knocking fetters from millions and welduig them
on double the number; wresting scepters from
sovereign States; sweeping those States them-
selves from existence and blotting out their
hues in blood. I appeal to this great power
in the land to say where, with those glaring
examples of high-hatided usurpation on record
for the use of unscrupulous factions, ever
prompt and eager to avail themselves of pre-
cedents in justification of contemplated vil-
lianies; where and when and how is such
chaotic state to have an end? Do they envy
and would they fain perpetuate here the con-
dition of our wretched neighbors of Mexico ?
All hope of peace and order solemnly pro-
mised, but indefinitely postponed on each
accession of a new party to power ; a chronic,
mortal anarchy rankling in the nation's heart
eating out its very life; pillage, oppression,
and reeking murder eternally ramping through
the land. Can such be the condition they
have in store for this proud people, this model
Republic?
In this gigantic ftnd unscrupulous struggle
of the Republican party for power thousands
and tens of thousands of whites—most of theia
men of intelligence and education—have been
practically disfranchised in the South, while
more than that number of ignorant, imbruted,
vagrant, penniless negroes have been suddenly
invested with the right of suffrage. And for
what have this abject race been thus clothed
with new rights, of which their enlightened
masters have been so ignominously stripped?
Perchance, to reward their loyalty. Did they
give any appreciable proof of loyalty during
the war? On the contrary, they toiled and
sweated, if they did not bleed, in aid of the
rebellion ; and although numbering two thirds
as many as the whole white population ;
although, in numerous instances, inhabiting-
sections of country many miles in extent, where
scarcely a southern soldier was to be seen for
months, they never struck a blow for freedom.
There was not, throughout the whole war, a
single instance of even the feeblest attempt at
insurrection. Thus did the negro falsify even
in the "glorious" hour of his emancipation one
of the noblest of sentiments, a sentiment
hitherto ascepted by none more cordially than
by his present eulogists and vindicators—
"Who would be free, himself must strike the blow."
Was it done for the Union, for which this
race oared not, and never will care, a copper's
toss? Far from it; in truth, the very reverse
of this. Their real aim, as is now well under-
stood by all and pretty generally conceded by
themselves, was to keep the country in a state
of disruption until their party might be able to
secure permanent control. Instead of invest-
ing those half million negroes with the right to
vote had they doubly enfranchised as many
intelligent whites of the North by giving each
one of them two votes it would have been, for
decency's sake, far better, and would have
accomplished their fell purpose quite as effect-
ually. Would the northern people have en-
dured this? And yet the wrong inflicted there-
by on the remaining voters of that section and
the shock to good government would not have
been one whit greater.
To show how insatiable is their lust of power
and to what a fearful length it goads them on
for spoils, a recent occurrence may be briefly
