470
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[July 25,
Ho. of Kefs.
Treaty with the Osage Indians—Mr. Clarice.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
ful system, and then your nation will be fair as the
sun, clear as the moon, and more terrible to the gray-
headed aristocracy of Europe than an army with
banners."
The Republican party believes that all
nations should enjoy liberty, and I here pro-
test that any feeling of antagonism should
exist against Ireland, even though a large
proportion of our Irish-born citizens should
attempt to restrict it to the condition of color
in this country. We believe that the Cretan,
the Hungarian, the Irishman, the African, all
should be free, all shades of color, all grades,
shades of religious faith, all races of men, not
by reason of physical development or mental
endowment, but alone by the title of manhood
which the Almighty stamped at the day of his
creation of man in his image, when he placed
a heart in his breast and a brain in his head.
We intend to struggle for that full fruition
and complete development. Yet, Irishmen
in this country by opposition to universal
liberty may delay the coming of that glorious
time. Had the bulk of the Irish population
here warmly sympathized with us in our late
struggle, had they steadily refused to be made
the tools of Seymour and the copperheads,
do they not know that the regard they mani-
fested for us and universal liberty would
have been doubly repaid, and that when the
time came for them to strike the shackles from
Ireland's nationality a power from this coun-
try would have gone up with them which
would have opened every prison door, and if
England staked the chances of opposition
would have trampled her throne in the dust
and thrown it in the sea?
To every nation in Europe striving to be free
we owe a debt of gratitude. It is a tribute
they are paying to the spirit of American lib-
erty, and gives promise of the time when the
chill of death shall gather about the heart of
despotism. A cold conservatism has long
enough deadened our sympathies for the op-
pressed. Monarchs may combine for the pro-
tection of each, and to preserve the balance of
power. IIow .soon would a republic in Europe
be torn as a gentle kid by the fierce wolves
of arbitrary power, so that freedom should
never have a foothold? Italy must be sun-
dered and Poland dismembered so that crowns
should rest more securely on the heads of
tyrants. In the fierce struggle of 1848 this
Republic was as powerless as though European
monarchs had bound her hand and foot. The
time must come when we will be allowed the
same sympathy and support to freedom that
absolute power yields to despotism. Did we
do our duty to-day the gallant band of Cretans
in their island fortress would not single-handed
be engaged in a deadly struggle with the
Turk.
As the arguments so the customs and laws
of despots in all ages have been the same.
The English code in Ireland was an outburst
of religious hate and a hate of races; the sub-
stratum of all despotism is hate. Pharaoh's
oppression, England's oppression, and the
slaveholder's oppression was substantially the
same. White men in England governed white
men in Ireland with the same code that rebels,
galvanized into State governments by John-
son, endeavored to impose on the freedmeu,
no suffrage, while in Ireland was three per
cent, to vote, and even then commenced a
long martyrdom and terrible agony like that
under which the negro bends to-day in ten
States, with the empty mockery of the ballot
at the peril of life; not allowed to carry arms ;
no education of children ; not allowed to leave
residence after sunset in Ireland after the cur-
few ; no intermarriage of Catholics with Prot-
estants; killing of an Irishman by an English-
man no felony; denial of the right to sit on j
juries, for England held the courts and press, j
and gave its own coloring to what it called !
Ireland's complaints and what she called Ire- j
land's outrages. The outside world only knew i
of Ireland through seven hundred of its dark
and bloody years through English historians;
so the world knew but little of the system of
slavery except through the slaveholder's press.
The African committed no crime whereby he
was enslaved and is now sought to be disfran-
chised; the Irishmen committed no crime that
for seven hundred years he has been deprived
of his rights as a native, and subjected to all
the indignities which cruelty could suggest.
It is natural English conservatives should
oppose the enfranchisement ofMreland; it is
natural conservative Democrats should oppose
liberation and suffrage to the African, but it is
unnatural that Irishmen should deny free-
dom and its benefits to any human being, no
matter the color of his skin, the extent of his
mental capacity, or the degradation from which
he is raised. Slavery debased in ignorance the
negro, and then pointed to that ignorance as a
reason why he should not be elevated. Eng-
land for centuries disrobed Irelaud of its nation-
ality, took away the land from its ancient own-
ers, so that its peasantry had no claim to the
cottage or the acre on which they lived, deprived
them of the necessaries of life, so they sub-
sisted at one time on sea-weed and potatoes,
and in miserable hovels ; having stripped them
of property, education, of everything that
makes life happy, now point to their miserable
condition as a reason they should be longer
oppressed.
We have a right to sympathise with all
nations struggling to be free. From all nations
came those who planted the germ of a Republic
amid the blasts of winter, the bowlings of the
wilderness, andthe deadly whoopof the savage.
From all nations were filled the serried ranks
which carried the flowery standard through
seven years of war. From then till now from
all nations comes that continually recruited
army which not less than the hosts that un-
furled its standard at Bunker Hill and took the
British colors down at Yorktown is entitled to
be called the Army of Liberation, as the
emigrant multitude, armed with implements
of labor, smite the forest and the prairie from
the morning until the evening, and plant in
advance of the ages to come the starry banner
of the nation against the frontier sky.
We do owe a debt of gratitude to Ireland for
what she has contributed to the world'sand our
own history. She has given statesmen, ora-
tors, and poets, unrivaled in the earth; Sher-
idan, the finest oforators; Wellington, the great
soldier. The sweetest poet of the language
was Moore; the most vigorous writer was
Swift; the greatest statesman was Burke.
Commodore Perry, of our own Navy, whom the
English could not bribe for <£00,000 and a cap-
taincy of an English frigate. The Irish have
produced generals and marshals of France,
Spain, Austria, Russia, and Sardinia; furnished
magnates of the empire and grandeesof Spam.
They renewed the war against England under
the banners of her enemies. Their valor was
arrayed against her at Romillies, Almanza, and
Lanfeldt. She encountered it in the service
of Spam at Gibraltar, under Lally at Pondi-
cherry, and it turned the day against the iron
steadfastness of her infantry at Eontenoy. The
Irish blood has given a ruler to Spain in the
person of O'Donnell; a hero to France in
McMahon.
After the revolution of 1G88 William and Mary
discouraged manufacturing in Ireland, and
many came early to this country; men like the
Clintons of New York, the Carrolla of Mary-
land. To Massachusetts came Berkely in
1720, who at his favorite retreat at Narra-
gansett bay, wrote—
" Westward the course of empire takes its way,
The four first acts already past:
A filth shall clo^e the drama with the day,
Time's noblest offspring is the last."
They enlisted early in the war of the revolu-
tion. Patrick Henry was its most distinguished
orator. In England headed by Burke, Barre
and Sheridan, spoke and wrote in our defense.
While in France McMahon, Dillon, Eermoy,
and Conway were ready to and did volunteer.
Richard Montgomery, John Sullivan, George
Clinton and Anthony Wayne were among the
first brigadiers in the patriot army, and through
the war one third of the active chiefs were of
Irish birth or descent.
Our Navy was started under command of an
Irishman; and when the flag of the Union was
agreed on Captain John Baring, a wonderful
man, was the first to hoist it over the Lexing-
ton. John Dunlap, an Irishman, m 1771,
printed the first daily paper in America. He
was printer to the convention of 1774 and the
First Congress, the first who printed the Dec-
laration of Independence, which was first
copied by Charles Thompson and first read to
the people by Colonel John Nixon, and in
1815 first published with fac similes by John
Burns, all Irishmen. Nine out of the fifty-six
persons signing the Declaration, and six of the
thirty-six delegates by whom the Constitution
of 1787 was promulgated were of Irish origin.
The first Governor of Pennsylvania after the
war was a native of Dublin. Among Senators
were two and among Representatives in Con-
gress the same number of Irishmen. From,
that race were early advocates of internal im-
provements. Sullivan, of Massachusetts, pro-
jected the Middlesex canal. In 1784 Chris-
topher Colles petitioned the Legislature of New
York on the importance of uniting the wester n
lakes to the Atlantic; also Robert Fulton ;
while the most distinguished mathematician on
the continent was RobertAdrain. These were
some of the studious men, stout-hearted wrest-
lers with formidable problems, patient bearers
for truth-sake of ridicule and reproach, we
most boast of and enjoy.
In the Navy, 1814, Blakelv commanded the
Wasp, which defeated the Reindeer. Thomas
McDonough, with Stephen Decatur, distin-
guished himself in the attack on Tripoli in 1805,
and in 1814, on Lake Champlain, with eighty-
six guns, defeated the British fleet with ninety-
five. Charles Stewart was the fifth commo-
dore Ireland gave to America.
Thus these noble men helped to make this
a refuge for their posterity from the oppres-
sion of England. And they did hope in the
coming time from out this Republic would go
forth an influence which, if it did not redress
the wrongs of seven hundred years, would at
least plant the sunburst in glory once more,
and the harp, if not rung again inTara's halls,
might sound notes of freedom through the
Celtic heart, and proclaim that Ireland was not
only restored to her place among the nations,
but that the mantle adorned her shoulders, and
! the casket of freedom, not with parti-colored
' stars, but refulgent with universal liberty might
appear in enduring light to strengthen the
hearts and nerve the purpose of Europe's strug-
ling millions. That day must come, how soon
will be determined by the manner in which
Irishmen discharge their duties in America.
Treaty with Osage Indians,
REMARKS OF HON. SIDNEY CLARKE,
OS KANSAS,
In the House op Representatives,
July 25, 18G8,
On presenting the protest against tho treaty with the
Great and Little Oaase Indiana, and a memorial in
behalf of the common schools of Kansas.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I
ask consent to present to the House a series of
resolutions protesting against the treaty with
the Great and Little Osage Indians. The sen-
timents expressed in these resolutions meet
with my cordial coucuirence. The State
Teachers' Association of Kansas is an organi-
zation repiescnting the oiganized educational
