1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
2995
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. ScHEnck, it was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDlNG. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes twenty.
Mr. BARNES. I insist on a further count.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is very evident that
gentlemen intend 
Mr. BUTLER. I call the gentleman to
order. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I will move, myself, that
the committee rise.
Mr. BUTLER. That motion is made already.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope it will be acceded
to whenever there is an evident purpose to 
Mr. BUTLER and others. Order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 1060) to reduce into one act and
to amend the laws relating to internal taxes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
increased duties on imports.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill to increase the revenue
from duties on imports and to equalize exports
and imports, for the purpose of having it printed
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. BARNES. Iobject. I understand the
House does not hold evening sessions for this
purpose.
Mr. PAINE. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at ten o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut: The
petition of Edward J. Nichols, a captain in
the naval service of the United States, praying
for advancement in rank.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania;
Two petitions from citizens of Western Penn-
sylvania engaged in the manufacture of tobacco,
asking for a reduction of tax on cigars and leaf
tobacco.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 10, 1808.
Praver by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
house bills referred.
The following bills yesterday received from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as indi-
dicatcd below:
A bill (H. R. No. 1191)to provide for the
inauguration of State officers in Arkansas,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
Georgia, and Alabama, and for the meeting
of the Legislatures of said States—to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
A bill (II. R. No. 631) amendatory of an
act approved July 26, 1860, entitled^ "An act
to authorize the construction of certain bridges
and establish them as post roads—to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
A bill (H. R. No. 1205) to further amend
the postal laws—to the Committee ou Post
Offices and Post Roads.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT j)ro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the 27th ultimo, information in
relation to the reasons why a number of per-
•
sons enrolled as Creek Indians by the Creek
agent in 1867 have been stricken from the
rolls and refused payment of their per capita
dividend ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating
a copy of a telegram from Lieutenant General
Sherman, relative to the removal of the Ute
and Navajo Indians; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the petition of
numerous merc3%nts of the city of New York,
calling attention to the objections to an act of
Congress of 1863 preventing the issuing of
execution against collectors of customs, and
praying a repeal of that act and similar acts.
The petition comes to me with a letter from an
eminent lawyer suggesting that it ought to be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It seems to me, however, that it pertains more
appropriately to the Committee on Finance,
and therefore I move that it be referred to that
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
the grand and petit jurors of the circuit court
of the United States for the first circuit and
district of Massachusetts, in which they rep-
resent that while, as citizens of the United
States, they recognize the duty of doing their
part as jurors in the proper administration of
the laws, and that such services should not be
made a matter of profit, they yet think that a
just compensation should be paid them in
order that no person may be compelled to bear
more than his fair share of the public burdens.
They then proceed to represent that the fees
of jurors, as now established by law, being
only two dollars per day for attendance and
five cents per mile each way for travel, are
undoubtedly inadequate to their support dur-
ing the discharge of these duties; that they
cannot pay their bills at the hotels where they
reside in Boston for the fees which they receive;
and they petition Congress to make such an
addition to the per diem of jurors as may seem
expedient and just. This petition is signed by
the two juries, headed by their respective fore-
men, and it has, then, this memorandum,
signed by Nathan Clifford, associate justice
of the Supreme Court of the United States,
and John Lowell, district judge:
"We concur in the foregoinar petition, and hope
ifc will receive the attention of Congress."
To this is added also the following memo-
randum, signed by G. S. Hillard, United
States attorney, and George L. Andrews,
United States marshal:
"Wo concur in the above petition, and earnestly
hope it may receive the early and favorable consid-
eration of Congress."
It seems to me that this petition is certainly
very equitable, and that there ought to be an
addition to tlie per diem of jurors.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The peti-
tion will be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. HOWARD. I think a similar memorial
has been presented to Congress from my own
State, making the same complaint, and it is a
very serious evil iu the administration of jus-
tice, and I wish to call the particular attention
of the Committee on the Judiciary to this sub-
ject. Certainly it cannot be the desire of the
Government of the United States that jurors
called from their homes should he obliged to
pay a large portion of the expenses of doing
their duties as such.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not see the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee in his place, but
there are certainly three or four gentlemen of
that committee present, and I hope they will
not think 1 take too great a. liberty if I invite
their attention to this petition.
Mr. CONKLING. As this subject seems to
be dwelt upon somewhat, I beg to suggest
to the honorable Senators who have it in view
that the theory was in early times, and the
theory is now in the part of the country with
which I am most familiar, that a man who sits
as a juror is not to receive compensation in
money, as he would for services rendered, but
that it is in part a contribution which lie makes
to the general welfare, and in part it goes upon
the idea that he receives remuneration and
compensation in other ways than merely
through his per diem allowance.
Mr. SUMNER. Listening to the lawyers?
[Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. I have heard the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts before dis-
claim much respect for the lawyers, aud I regard
his want of veneration in that respect as one of
tjie few foibles which may be attributed to him.
It is greatly to be regretted by his friends that
he has not more veneration for lawyers and for
the bar than he seems to have. Yes, sir, there
may be some advantage in listening to the law-
yers, and becoming acquainted with affairs and
business. In the State of New York f believe
no juror is paid more than ten shillings a day ;
I speak now of the State courts, and I speak of
those counties in which the supervisors have
placed the rate at the highest figure ; and there
is no difficulty in obtaining juries, no difficulty
in securing the attendance of the most lespect-
able men, the most substantial men in their
localities; and I ain very sorry that either in
Massachusetts or Michigan men should be less
public spirited or less patriotic than they are
in the larger States.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The petition
is referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. McCREERY presented a petition ofcit- 4
izensofPaducah, Kentucky, praying compensa-
tion to Dr. J. M. Best for losses sustained during
the battle around Fort Anderson, ou'the 2oth
and 26th of March. 1864; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. THAYER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Nebraska, praying the establishment
of a mail route from Fremont to Lincoln in
that State ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY presented additional papers
in relation to the claim of Antoinette Darling,
for property destroyed by the Indians ; which
were referred to the Committee on Indian
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I present the
memorial of the General Assembly of the Pres-
byterian church of the United States, convened
at Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, who represent
that the Indians have no adequate protection
by the laws of the United States, and they pray
that Congress will remedy by appropriate legis-
lation these evils, by enacting that the Indians
of our country shall be subject to the criminal
laws of the United States, and of the States
and Territories in which they may be found,
just as well as others, whether native or foreign,
who may be within the bounds of our national
or State or territorial jurisdiction, are subject
to those laws. I move that the memorial be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON presented the memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of Cincinnati, Ohio,
praying the passage of a general law to regu-
late the construction of bridges over the Ohio
and Mississippi rivers, so that they shall not
obstruct nor make dangerous the navigation of
those rivers ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CORBETT presented a petition of citi-
zens of Idaho Territory, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route from Placerviile to Bluff
Station, in that Territory; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and 1 ost
Roads.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (II. li. No. 005) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1869, reported it with
amendments.
