18G8.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4019
referred to. A prominent member of the Rad-
ical^ party in answer to a direct query put to him
during debate, declared, without shame or even
hesitation, that the condition imposed by his
party for the removal of disabilities from south-
ern whites was, virtually, that they would vote
the Radical ticket. Now, as to the admission
of the African race to a prominent share in the
conducting of our political affairs, this outrage
has been blindly consummated in the face of cer-
tain disastrously resulting experiments made by
pseudo-philanthropists andignorant, wretched,
vicious fanatics. The tottering relics of these
miserably abortive governments, the fruits of
these experiments, still stand ; yet they stand
only as a butt for satire, for true philan-
thropy a warning beacon, for civilization a re-
proach. They are a stench in the nostrils of
the world, and if such absurd innovations of
mongrelism here, such wild ingraftments on
our political stock, be not speedily receded
from, the repetition of Jamaica and St. Do-
mingo must needs be upon us ; and the black
incubus that now weighs so horribly on the
South must soon cause her to sleep the " sleep
that knows no waking."
With the same object they gagged the judi-
ciary, and wrested from the Executive the
clear constitutional right of selecting the heads
of Departments, who are not only his coun-
selors, but his agents, for whose acts he alone
is held responsible, and have aimed in various
other ways to curtail and abolish his rightful
powers. Why should they tamper thus by
degrees with the Constitution and the Govern-
ment ? Why not at one fell blow destroy them
both, then merge the three branches into one—
a result to which all their acts have lately
tended—by legislative enactment, and dub that
one "the Congressional oligarchy of the free
and independent States of America?"
The most solemn obligations imposed by the
Constitution are no longer regarded when expe-
diency demands their infraction ; and, for all
that Constitution can ever avail the country
while under Radical rule, it may as Well be at
once buried away out of sight. But let the
undertakers of this melancholy sepulture per-
forin it with a solemnity befitting the moment-
ous occasion. Perhaps some "suppressed"
judicial ertnine might be obtained as a shroud.
The cofllu might be appropriately made of
slivers from the charter-oak, or the parch-
ment of poor habeas corpus, if there is no
further use for it, or the door of the Woolley
bastile. Let the pall-bearers be the district
satraps, both past and present, with a few of
the Republican leaders from the Capitol here,
if, indeed, they have respect enough left for the
deceased to accord a decent burial, or sym-
pathy befitting the sad office. Let the chief
mourners be the southern States, (for heaven
knows they have chief cause to mourn this
illustrious dead,) and let them be represented
ut the grave by as many sad-faced maidens
draped in the habiliments of woe. The bor-
der States might follow these, their tweeds
not quite so black; then the great throng
of the sorry and indifferent, the glad and
the gay, mixed and merged, like all fune-
ral crowds when the great have departed. Let
the solemn cavalcade then pass beneath the
shadow of the Bunker Hill shaft, where it is
no longer likely Mr. Toombs will call the roll
of his slaves. Let them pause there a while,
and call a far different roll, that of the great
fathers of the deceased Constitution and of
those famous signers who hurled defiance at
King George, and hear or imagine their answer
from the spirit world. Let them then wind
through the inevitable hub of the Juggernaut,
whose wheel has so horribly mangled the de-
ceased, and proceed to Plymouth llock. Out
of this a sarcophagus might be hollowed for
its reception, and some ot the " loyal" New
England clergy—some of the far famed "three
thousand"—might be induced to read the burial
service, and ofl'cr up a "petition" (this time to
Heaven, and not to Congress) as earnest and
no doubt as sincere as the old one, that the
defunct may rest in peace and never rise.
Now, seeing the danger which impends this
great charter, let us inquire what is the object
of the Constitulion, (of all constitutions, in
fact,) or, rather, what was its object, since it
is to be, at least for a little while, a thing of
the past? It cannot be designed for the pro-
tection of the majority, for they are self-pro-
tecting. It is to shield the weak against the
strong. Take away this guarantee, and the
minority have no earthly appeal from oppres-
sion. It is then a mere mob that rules. But
the Republican party have found a precious
though it seems a rather fluctuating substitute
for the Constitution. That substitute is any
platform (amended, altered, and juggled to
suit immediate and pressing party necessities)
by which they may hope to retain their su-
premacy. Their cardinal doctrine is that the
majority may, without any curb or cheek what-
soever, do even as they will. As was done in
times of full Puritanical sway, they virtually
resolve, first, the world is the Lord's and the
fullness thereof, (which most probably means
the "spoons" of office;) secondly, what is
the Lord's belong to His saints ; and thirdly,
we are His saints.
Now, let us examine the platform which, if
the Radical party be continued in power, is to
supersede the Constitution. To the most of
it the sarcastic utterance of a great French-
man is peculiarly appropriate. "The object
of language," said he, "is to conceal our
ideas." Some portions of it, had it not been
adopted in solemn conclave, might well be
regarded as ironical, and might have enabled
it to pass as one of the grandest jokes of the
age. Take the first paragraph :
" We congratulate the countrv on the assured suc-
cess of the reconstruction policy of Congress, as
evinced in the adoption in the majority of the States
lately in rebellion of constitutions securing etxual
civil and political rights to all,'' &a.
Now, even the Republicans themselves—at
least such of them as are not either fanatical
or demented, or utterly unbumanized—must
feel in their hearts and consciences, whatever
policy may prompt their tongues to say, that
with two exceptions there is not a gleam of
truth in that whole paragraph. One of these
exceptions is that the convention really do
" congratulate the countrybut it is just as
though one individual might congratulate
another on having been robbed by him, deli-
cately suppressing the fact that he is soon'to
be also hung, or destroyed in some other way.
The other exception is that " constitutions were
adopted in a majority of the States lately in
rebellion"—adopted in the States, not by them.
Mark that well; it speaks volumes: adopted
in the States by carpet-baggers and vagabond
negroes; even the unscrupulous Radicals,
then, have not the hardihood to contend that
these infamous constitutions were adopted by
those States but only in them.
Paragraph the seventh abounds in the same
species of sarcasm. The assertion that " cor-
ruptions call for radical reform." emanating,
as it does, from that incorruptible source, is
withering; the play upon the word radical,
and its juxtaposition to reform, is quite inimit-
able.
In the twelfth paragraph, where " the con-
vention declares its sympathy with all op-
pressed peoples," and in the last, where it
recognizes " the great principles laid down in
the Declaration oflndependence as the found-
ation of democratic government." the irony
becomes so glaring that the wonder is the con-
vention did not organize some of its trained
ferrets into a " smellingeoramittee" to spy out
whether there might not be a traitor in their
camp in the person of the member—whoever
he might be—that diafted the platform. Was
he not endeavoring to "sell" them? The more
especially should they have suspected this as
there is another fine piece of pleasantry per-
petrated here, and this time upon the word
democratic, as before upon the word radical:
" The great principles laid down in the Declar-
ation of Independence are the foundation of
democratic government." How scathing to
them who adopted the platform! for while it
cannot possibly, in consistence with truth, refer
to the Radical party, it is, in every respect,
applicable to their opponents.
Paragraphs ninth and eleventh are simply a
bid for the foreign vote, with a swagger ana a
shaking of the fist in John Bull's face ; for,
with all the powers of the Government in their
hands, they have done nothing. The eighth
is such a wide plank and occupies such a con-
spicuously central position in the platform as
to necessitate the belief that it was constructed
\>y_ some one whose vindictive wrath had been
foiled, or whose chances for political prefer-
ment had been hopelessly blasted by the sud-
den collapse of the impeachment bubble,
pricked by seven Republican free-lancers. It
sounds like the last growlings of a baffled fiend
when he has failed to drag down to perdition
an innocent victim, whose high estate he envied,
on whose ruin he has built his hopes, and
gloatinglj' set his malignant heart. The con-
certed growl of their sanction, as it rang around
the wails of the menageries when read to them,
may be better imagined than described. Pres-
ident Johnson is therein denounced as a villain
of the deepest dye. He is called a usurper,
a traitor, a wholesaledealer in corruption, and
a dabbler in moral filth generally. Such are
some of the vituperative and indecent expres-
sions applied to the great head of the nation,
merely because he will not debase himself to
their level or be molded to their sinister
designs. And these foul-mouthed maligners
are the same, or cordially indorsed by the same,
who have lately arrogated to themselves, with
sanctimonious hypocrisy, to inculcate upon
others the use of what they are pleased to style
"decorous language." There surely should
have been a special paragraph inserted recom-
mending that this exceedingly courteous style
of theirs should henceforth be adopted as a
model of decorum in all communications be-
tween the three great coordinate branches of
the Government.
This eighth paragraph also professes that
they " profoundly deplore the untimely death
ofAbraham Lincoln." This they do jnst about
as sincerely as they would " deplore" the sud-
den demise of Andrew Johnson at this time ;
the latter having simply endeavored to carry
out, in good faith, the pledges to which the
whole Radical party, with Abraham Lincoln
at their head, had, time after time, committed
themselves. For, with the recent history of
that party before us, no one can doubt that
had Mr. Lincoln persisted in executing the
then full}' indorsed reconstruction measures
of his party, which there is every reason to
believe he would have done, the blot of in-
famy attempted to be affixed to his name would
have been of as deep and damning a dye as in
the case of his successor.
The tenth paragraph says, " Of all who were
faithful in the trials of the late war, there were
none entitled to more especial honor than the
brave soldiers and seamen." Now, the iron-
ical man, the traitor in the Chicago camp, has
been along here, too; the mark of his slimy
trail is visible all over this plank; there is
one little word among those just quoted which
is unmistakably in the interest of their oppo-
nents. "There were none," the sentence
reads, " entitled to more especial honor than
the brave soldiers and seamen." We are jus-
tifiable in inferring from this that although
there were none there are some entitled to
more honor than the soldiers and sailors ; but
they are not content that we shall merely infer
this; for a few days since, in an election held
under the very shadow of this Capitol, they
gave us a substantial illustration of it by ex-
cluding from the count all the soldiers' tickets
on which, as they slid them into the ballot-
box, they had slily scratched, with their hyena
claws, an "ear-mark" of infamy by which they
were identified as soldiers' votes when the
counting commenced. These soldiers had
been duly registered, and the 1'eeognition of
this "ear-mark" afterward was sufficient to
cause the rejection of every ticket so branded.
The truth is they were thought to be Radicals
