1972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
right to provide who shall be electors for the
most numerous branch of the Legislature is
not a novelty, and that it was embodied in
the Constitution, I turn to Elliot's Debates—
the report of the Virginia convention, which is
"believed to have been made by Madison himself
—pages276-277, sccondvolume, lnthecourse
of the debate on the 13th of June, 1788, it is
said:
44 Mr. Monroe wished that the honorable gentle-
man who had been in the Federal Convention would
give information respecting the clause concerning
elections. He wisUed to know why Congress had an
ultimato control over the time, place, and manner of
elections of Representatives, and the time and man-
ner of that of Senators, and also why there was an
exception as to the place of electing Senators.
" Mr. Chairman, the reason of the exception was,
that if Congress should fix the place of choosing the
Senators, it might compel the State Legislature to
elect them in a different place from that of their
■usual sessions, which would produce some inconve-
nience, and was not necessary for the object of regu-
lating the elections. Butit was necessary to give the
General Government a control over the time and
manner of choosing the Senators to prevent its own
dissolution.
With respect to the other point, it was thought
that the regulation of the time, place, and manner of
electing Representatives shouldbe uniform through-
out the continent. Some Stales might regulate the
elections on the principles of equality, and others
mightregitlate them otherwise. I'hisdiversity would
toe obviously unjust. Elections are regulated now
unequally in some States, particularly South Caro-
lina, with respect to Charleston, which has a repre-
sentation of thirty members. Should the people of
any( State, by any means, be deprived of the right of
suffrage, it was judged proper that itshould be reme-
died by the General Government. It was found im-
possible to fix the time, place, and manner of tho
election of liopresentatives m the Constitution. It
was found necessary to leave the regulation of this,
in the iirat place, to the State governments, as being
best acquainted with tho situation of tho people sub-
ject to tho control of the General Government in
order to enable it to produce unilormity and prevent
its own dissolution. And considering the St^to gov-
ernment and General Government as distinct bodies
acting in different and independcntcapacities forthe
people, it was thought tho particular regulations
&hould be submitted to the former and the general
regulations to thelatter. Were they exclusively un-
der tho control of theStatogovernmcnts, thcGeneral
Government might easily be dissolved. But if they
bo regulated properly by the State Legislatures, the
congressional control will very probably never be
exercised. Tho powfcr appears to me satisfactory,
and as unlikely to be abused as any part of the Con-
stitution."
Mr. WOODWARD. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. KELLEY. I yield for a question.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman read
from the debates upon the Federal Constitu-
tion. What I wish to inquire is this: if the
right to regulate suffrage in the States was ever
conferred upon the Federal Government the
gentleman can lay his finger on tho clause
which confers it.
Mr. KKLLEY. _ Yes, sir. The clause is that
■which was under discussion in the Federal Con-
vention at the time the utterances I have just
read were made, and is that clause which gives
Congress the power to regulate the time, place,
and manner of holding elections. Now, if the
gentleman means to ask me whether I have
ever known Congress to exercise that power,
I say now, as i said when discussing this
question somewhat elaborately, though without
method, during the Thirty-Ninth Cpngress, that
it never has exercised it, that it is a dormant
power, and that a mass of judicial precedents
and State action overlies it, but which prece-
dents and decisions are not more weighty or
potent than were those which corroborated and
sustained the constitutionality of the Missouri
compromise. As these were all wiped out by
the stroke of a judicial pen so will a judicial
pen some day vindicate the right of Congress
to exercise this long dormant power.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
name the article and section in the Constitu
tion to which he refers?
Mr. KELLEY. 1 forget the number of the
article. It was discussed as article six, but
did not receive that number in the final ar-
rangement of the Constitution. It is the clause
which gives Congress the power to regulate the
time, place, and manner of holding elections.
The gentleman, familiar as he is with the text,
will readily tarn to it. I say the power is there,
and that it was first overridden by the Virginia
and Kentucky resolutions of 1798 ; and I say
further that that same graceful facility of over-
ruling judicial decisions, ancicnt or recent,
which was referred to by my colleague [Mr.
Broomali.] thia morning, and which, after
thirty years, declared the Missouri compromise
to be unconstitutional, will yet approve the con-
stitutionality of a law passed by Congress to
secure to every freeman under the flag and
on the soil, unconvicted of crime, the right to
the full enjoyment of citizenship.
Mr. WOODWARD. If the gentleman will
allow me I have that clause before me to which
he refers, and I ask him to consider it in con-
nection with section two of article one, as a
lawyer.
Mr. KELLEY. The fifteen minutes allowed
me, which are now nearly exhausted, will not,
as the gentleman's long judicial experience
has taught him, allow me to elaborately
consider a question of constitutional law in-
volving a comparison of several clauses. Nor
did I take the floor to do that. I took it to
disabuse the mind of my colleague of his im-
pression in regard to a proposition that was
familiar to every member of the Convention
that framed the Constitution and to every
member of the convention of the several States
that acted upon the Constitution, and to show
him that it was not a novelty, much less a ridicu-
lous novelty. If I have brought to his attention
the sources of historical evidence of that fact
I have done all I hoped to do in so brief a
period.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to call the at-
tention of the gentleman to the fact that all
that he has produced does not touch the qual-
ification of suffrage. The regulations of the
elections is a different matter from the qual-
ification of electors. What he has produced
relates to the one subject and.not to the other.
The question I propound to him or to any
other gentleman is, what clause of the Con-
stitution confers upon the Federal Government
any power over the qualifications of electors ?
Mr. IvELLEY. "Without going into a con-
stitutional disquisition I will merely remark
that James Madison, in the prime of life, when
a member of the Virginia convention, used
language with very marked precision ; and in
the paragraph which I have read he uses this
language:
" Should tho people of any State by any means bo
doprived of tho right of suffrage it was adjudged
proper that it should bo remedied by the (ioneral
Government."
Now, if the General Government were to
have no control of the question of suffrage,
pray what did Mr. Madison mean when he
made that statement? He was speaking for
the Federal Convention, and was appealed to
by Mr. Monroe, in the passage I have read as
the honorable gentleman who had been in that
Convention, and as such requested to inform
the Virginia convention what the Federal Con-
vention believed it was doing when it inserted
the clause referred to. The question was ex-
pressly to the point, and his answer was explicit
and to the point. It was in substance, as I
have shown, that it was giving Congress the
power to regulate suffrage if the States failed
to regulate it on the principles of justice and
equality.
Mr. WOODWARD. Now, is tho gentleman
prepared to read that clause of the Constitu-
tion in connection with the one to which I
referred?
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir ; for I rose to lay
some historical facts before the House and not
to be diverted into a constitutional disquisi-
tion, for which time is not allowed. While we
speak my time has expired, and I must leave
the floor.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOMALL. I now yield ten minutes
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.}
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
to yield tome for a moment that I may report
a bill for the purpose of having it recommitted
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KERR. I will first, out of abundance
of caution, ask what it is?
The SPEAKER. - It is in relation to Ala-
bama.
Mr. KERR. I will yield to the gentleman.
admission oa alabama.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee
on Reconstruction, reported a bill (H. R. No.
935) to admit the State of Alabama to repre-
sentation in Congress; which was read a first
and second time, recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to give no-
tice that I intendto reportthebill back to-mor-
row after the morning hour, and ask action on
it during the day.
amendment of homestead law.
Mr. KERR. I will yield now to my col-
league, [Mr. Julian.]
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Public Lands, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 934) amendatory of the act
entitled "An act to secure homesteads to ac-
tual settlers on the public domain," approved
May 20, 1862, and of the acts amendatory
thereof, approved March 21, 1864, and Janu-
ary 21, 18G6; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, recommitted to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] yield to me to moye that
the House do now adjourn ?
Mr. KERR. I will yield for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Broomall] is entitled to
the floor, and the motion cannot be made
without his consent.
Mr. BROOMALL. I have promised that
this discussion shall close to-night; there is
business pressing on the House, and I cannot
consent to an adjournment. Gentlemen will
have plenty of time to discuss' this question
hereafter.
Mr. KERR. Very well; then I will proceed.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman yield to
me to enable me to offer a resolution calling
for information ?
Mr. KERR. I will yield for that, and then
I must not be interrupted again.
sale or united states bonds, etc.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed, without delay, to report to this House tho
amount of commissions paid for sale or disposal of
United States bonds or securities sinee the 2d day of
March, 1862; to whom paid, and if commissions are
still paid lor similar services to the same parties; if
not, to whom commissions, if any, are paid: also,
what amount of gold has been sold by the Treasury
llepartment since the 2d day of March, 1801, and
what amount of commissions have been paid on
sales of gold, and to whom paid; whether said com-
missions on sales of gold were paid in coin or cur-
rency; that ho state separately the amount of com-
missions paid on the sales of Government securities
and sales of gold.
public buildings at toledo, ohio.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent to submit tho following resolution call-
ing for executive information:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform this House of the condition of the
eustom-liouso and post office at Toledo, Ohio, and
what appropiation is needed for such additions and
repairs to said building as have boon reported neces-
sary for the safety of tho public properly and the
sale conduct of the public business therein. Also,
whether the interest of tho Government would not
be better subserved by selling the present building
and erecting a new one,
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
