472
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 25,
Ho. oi? Rips.
Arms to Southern States—Mr. Dockery.
40th Cons. ... 2d Sess.
his last veto messages. Now, it is not denied
by the Senator that all this and much more,
was sworn to before the committee; nay, it is
not denied that each separate fact is true.
Cooper does not deny he wrote the letter say-
ing, "Henderson matter all right," butadmit's
it. It is the inferences from these facts which
seems so to enrage the Senator as to make him
call hard names, but the Senator should re-
member that calling hard names hurts nobody ;
if it did, he who now addresses you would have
been dead "long, long ago."
It is not my fault that people will so conclu-
sively draw inferences so deadly to the Sen-
ator's peace of mind. It is not my fault that
theSenator, by continually explaining his vote
on impeachment (for the present is the fourth
time in open and secret session he has done
so) with such show of temper, will convince
the country that his conscience accuses him.
None of the Senators who voted guilty, as the
Senator told the Missouri delegation he was
convinced he ought to do and promised he
would do the night before Craig had "seen "
him or resign on that fatal morning, have felt
called upon to explain their votes even once.
When a fowler shoots at a blackbird or other
winged vermin in a thicket he can always tell
by the fluttering in the bushes whether the
shot has told. The Senator flops. There is a
curious piece of evidence put in by the Senator
himself, as a part of his Sabbath day speech,
that is conclusive to a just mind that the Sen-
ator is pleading specially to make show of a
defense. He produces and has read a letter
from himself to Cooper asking to be exculpated
by, among others, the following words:
"Please state also whether you ever had any con-
versation with mo on the subject of impeachment?"
Of course, Cooper answers that the Senator
never had any such "conversation." I have
examined the original letter to Cooper from
the Senator, and I find it was with the
Senator's own hand first written, "whether
you ever had any 'communication' with me
on the subject of impeachment?" That was
a little too strong for Cooper's conscience
even, and before he answered it, apparently in
Cooper's handwriting, "communication" was
scratched put, and "conversation" inserted.
The committee did not say there was any evi-
dence of conversation between Cooper and the
Senator, only of "communication." "Lacey
has seen him with Craig" is the evidence.
Cooper cannot deny he wrote this. So he
scfatched out "communication" and inserts
"conversation," and then answers the letter,
as he may do truthfully aijd save his confed-
erates. 1 have here an examined fac-simile
copy of the Senator's letter as altered to meet
Cooper's conscience for the amusement and
instruction of the House.
One good result, however, has come from
the Senator's attack on the committee. In
the course of it hg has produced a letter from
Mr. Evarts, in which i find a suggestive ex-
planation of the phrase, in Cooper's letter to
the President, "All right, so says Evarts,"
which did not before occur to me. It is this :
that the words "all right" as used by Mr.
Evarts in this connection, referred to the whole
case of his client as being all right, an asser-
tion which might be innocent enough, and not
to the "Henderson matter" only.
This explanation seems a reasonable one, and
I am glad it has been made, and I call atten-
tion to it in justice to Mr. Evarts.
Nor do I think it my fault that the Senator
having told his delegation that a Dart of the
consequences to flow from the President's ac-
quittal was to be that the Senator was to con-
trol the federal patronage in Missouri, now
procures his father-in-law to be appointed to a
high and for him very lucrative office, thereby
showing that the President is carrying out his
side of the bargain, and paying for the aid he
got on his trial, as in the case of Perry Fuller,
A. T. Lacy, E. 0. Perrin, Simeon M. John-
son, and many others to whom he has since
given office, which is urged as a very strong
fact against the Senator. The country will
draw its own conclusions from such acts, and
no amount of vituperation of the committee or
any of its members will prevent it.
In this matter of the explanation, as well as
in the matter of the office, the people will
believe the Senator has put his FooU in it.
For myself I have neither explanation or apol-
ogy to make for anything I have done on the
committee, and shall treat the Senator mak-
ing this attack and all others like it as my
Uncle Toby did the fly which he caught buzz-
ing about his ears. Carrying it to the window,
as he let it out of his hand, he pityingly said,
" Go, poor devil; there is room enough in the
world for both theo and me."
Arms to Southern States.
REMARKS OF HON. 0. H. DOCKERY,
OK NORTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives,
July 25, 1868,
On the subject of the distributing of arms to the
Governors of the various States.
Mr. DOCKERY. Mr. Speaker, I see no
necessity at this time for the passage of this
bill. In the present irritable condition of the
public mind 1 fear the results therefrom would
be attended with danger to the peace and order
of southern society. Nor can I perceive any
reason why this movement should be necessa-
rily connected with the political issues of the
country. In my opinion, politics, as such, has
nothing whatever to do with the distribution of
arms in the State of North Carolina. It is, as
it should be, a mere matter in itself of right or
wrong, expediency or inexpediency, propriety
or impropriety, of such distribution of arms,
totally disconnected with and dissevered from
any particular issues as yet presented by either
party in its political organization.
Now, sir, it looks to me as if the Govern-
ment was by this movement throwing down the
" wager of battle" to the southern States, as-
suming thereby an attitude unwise, imprudent,
distrustful, and menacing, which can be, dur-
ing the exciting contest now pending, in the
hands of unscrupulous demagogues and fren-
zied politicians, perverted to the disparagement
of the Government and to the prejudice of the
tranquillity and quiet of our common country.
1 am opposed, decidedly opposed, to any such
seeming hostile attitude, and in my humble
opinion it is the duty of Congress to manifest
a spirit of leniency, indulgence, and kindness.
It is true, sir, that we have among us some
restless, turbulent, and discontented spirits,
some of whom, bankrupt alike in character and
fortune, with nothing to lose of either, but
perhaps much to gain, openly and boldly avow
revolutionary schemes of great danger, dan-
gerous to the well-beiug of society and subver-
sive, perhaps, of the elementary principles upon
which our system of Government is based.
Such men are ever dangerous, and such men
have lived at all times and under all forms of
government. Evil spirits, their machinations
are devilish and their plots often treasonable, j
Mortified at the utter discomfiture which has i
befallen them in the overthrow of their favored
projects of disunion, chafed at the loss of
slavery—which they intended to plant firmly
and not uproot fully—chagrined at the over-
throw of their darling idol of secession, which
has been completely routed "horse, foot, and
dragoons," and forced by the legitimate re-
sults thereof to be present and take a promi-
nent part in the administration of the last rites
of the burial ceremony, and lastly over all and
above all other considerations, mortified by the
loss of that prestige which was once theirs;
the loss of offices, of the honors and emolu-
ments resulting therefrom, all, all together
conduce to the general disquiet and uneasi-
ness depicted in their countenances and unmis-
takably discernable in their political contor-
tions. Such men are overweening in their am-
bition, and desperate in their efforts to regain
lost honor and offices. In their estimation it
were better to "reign in hell than serve in
heaven." They may attempt to reconstruct
their political ideas, to resurrect that demon
of ruin, secession, but must and will fail. For
them, sir, I have no word of defense ; in their
behalf I have nothing to say by way of justi-
fication, or yet of extenuation even. If sus-
pected of dangerous purposes let their actions
be closely observed; if convicted of traitorous
designs let the strong arm of the Government
be put forth for its protection, and let punish-
ment signal, and severe, be meted out to them.
But, sir, the masses of the people, the yeo-
manry of the land, are loyal and true, hon-
est, hitherto unsuspecting, but now jealous
of their rights, as they are mindful of their
best interests. I can vouch for them; and in
their behalf and on their account, I deprecate
the passage of this bill. A native, and "to the
manner born," I am of them and with them.
I know, with them, something of the horrors
of secession, something of the arts and trick-
ery resorted to by which the late fratricidal
strife was inaugurated by which the southern
heart " was fired" and the rebellion " precip-
itated " on the country—something, by sad ex-
perience, of the wanton ioss of property by
illegal and unfeeling " impressment laws, "
something of the loss of liberty by unwise and
cruel suspensions of that great bulwark of
civil liberty, habeas corpus; something of
incarcerations, bastiles, dungeons ; something,
too, of the practical workings of that hateful
exotic, the conscription act, bora upon foreign
soil, and reared by designing men during that
" reign of terror," which threatened the peace
of the world, and inundated the continent of
Europe with waves of human blood. Some-
thing yet still of the utter destitution, impov-
erishment, complete exhaustion of the south-
ern people. Knowing all this fully, thoroughly,
I repeat, sir, I can vouch for their obedience
to the laws and respect for the constitutional
authorities.
The people, Mr. Speaker, of North Carolina,
are tired of war. '' Their thoughts are turned
on peace." Quietly, unobtrusively, yet ener-
getically, they are disposed to look after their
private interests, in an honest effort to repair
their shattered fortunes, to educate their chil-
dren, to make their families happy and life
comfortable. Let them alone in the pursuit of
their peaceful vocations. Introduce not into
their midst elements of discord. Alarm them
not with the "grim visage of war." Excite
not their fears at this time by unwise, unneces-
sary, andunjustifiable legislation. Southern so-
ciety is yet unsettled; the constituent elements
thereof are not homogeneous; old grudges
are yet alive ; feelings of resentment are still
unquenched; much bitterness in localities
prevails, and a spark thrown wantonly into
this pile of combustibles may possibly produce
ail explosion which will jar our country to its
center. Let the seething caldron boil down
before adding additional fuel to the liames.
Let time with its soothing influences mollify and
soiten the rancor of political hatred. Let the
patriot, statesman, philanthropist, and Chris-
tian each proceed in his respective sphere to
infuse new life into these disorganized commu-
nities by the assurance to them of a perfect
reconstruction of the recently alienated States
on the basis of good will, iraternal concord,
and perfect equality. " Let us have peace."
Forbearance and conciliation will insure har-
mony when threats and menace will produce
discord and further strife. Permanent peace,
lasting tranquillity, and quiet is essential to the
