1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB:
sm
which should be repeated—"under the laws ;
of Congress.'' That is the language of the
Constitution of the United States.
And, sir, I somewhat question, in my own
mind, whether, if that bill was here now to be
voted upon, I would assist in thus voting away
the power of Congress. I think there are times
when wo should hold on to what power belongs
to us and give it to no other coordinate branch
of the Government. We are here to be wake-
ful and watchful of the great interests of the
people, in the most trying crisis through which
the people have been called to pass since the
organization of the Government.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman mean
to say that the Constitution is not the para-
mount l*v for the judiciary ?
Mr. HIGBY. I say you find no plaqe in the
Constitution where power ia given to the judi-
ciary to invalidate any law of Congress.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Has not the decisions of
the court 
Mr. HIGBY. I say show me that power
outside of precedents.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not " the judicial
power'' vested in the Supreme Court?
Mr. HIGBY. It is, and through the power
given to Congress by the Constitution, that same
court can be stripped entirely of all its power
through impeachment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not the judicial power
the power to decide ? And when the court is
called upon to decide any case, must it not
decide the whole case ? And in case where one
law is in contliet with another, is it not to de-
cide which law is to have force and efl'eet, and ;
which not? I
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to inquire of my
friend from California [Mr. Higby] whether he
knows a single iustance in which the Supreme
Court of the United States ever yet decided an
aet of Congress to be unconstitutional?
Mr. HIGBY. That is going aside from the
question which I desire to discuss. The courts
may in some instances have departed from the
Constitution ; so may Congress; so may the
President. But I am going to the foundation
of this questiou, and I wish to have an answer
whether there is any power given in the Con-
stitution to the Supreme Oourt to declare an
act of Congress unconstitutional?
Mr. BINGHAM. I o«ly wanted to call the
gentleman's attention to tlie question whether
there are any such cases?
Mr. HIGBY. I know of none.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. NIBLACK obtained the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL. With the consent of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblacx] I de-
sire to put an inquiry to the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Higby.] In case of a conflict
between the Constitution of the United States
and an act of Congress, which does the gentle-
man regard as the paramount law?
Mr. HIGBY. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. MARSHALL. Is not the Supreme
Court bound to decide what is the law in ques-
tions coming before it; and if two laws come
in conflict is it not bound to give preference to
that law which is paramount?
Mr. HIGBY. Why should the judgment of
the court in such a case overrule that of Con-
gress?
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to know by what
authority this Congress or any other power on
earth can give to the opinion of the minority
of a court the effect of a judgment of that
court, and have it entered as the judgment of
the court, against the opinion of the majority.
That is what the bill passed here the other day
attempts to do.
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all.
Mr. MARSHALL. By the bill passed last
Monday it is provided that when any cireuit or
district court of the United States decides ati
act of Congress unconstitutional the case shall
be certified to the Supreme Court, and that,
unless two thirds of the members of this court
are in favor of affirming the judgment of the
court below, a decree of reversal shall be en-
tered. So that if six judges sit in the hearing
of the cause, and five are of the opinion that
the act in question is void, while one is of
opinion that it is valid, the opinion of one judge
is entered as the judgment of the court, and the i
other five judges must file'a dissenting opinion!
■ I say there is no power in Congress or any
other tribunal in any civilized country on earth
to authorize the opinion of a minority of a court
to be entered as the judgment of the court,
compelling the majority to filfe a dissenting
opinion. It is contrary to every principle of
, jurisprudence and of constitutional law. I
j submit that what is meant by the judgment of
i a court at common law and according to the
legal vocabulary of every civilized country on
earth is the judgment of the majority of the
court. The opinion of the minority of the
court, against that of the majority, cannot be
entered as the judgment of the court. And an
attempt by act of Congress to make it so is, I
respectfully submit, a most palpable attempt
to usurp the functions of or destroy the powers
conferred upon the Supreme Court by the Cob-
' stitution. The judicial department established
by the Constitution is an independent coordi-
nate branch of the Government—as independ-
ent within its sphere as Congress itself i« •within
its appropriate sphere. It is a violation of
every principle of jurisprudence and constitu-
tional law.
Mr. BINGHAM. By leave of my friend I
want to make a statement. In the first plaoe,
there is no court outside of the Supreme Court
of the United States which has power to pass
on the constitutionality of any act of Congress
or which can pronounce any judgment at all
upon the constitutionality of any aet save by
leave of Congress,
Mr. MARSHALL. What has that to do
with the point I have just made?
Mr. BINGHAM. It has this to do with it,
and by leave I will answer. In one of the uiost
carefully considered questions which ever went
to the Supreme Court at all, because it in-
volved the direct isiue of life and death, it
was solemnly decided that because Congress
did not allow the exercise of the judicial power
in that case either in circuit or district courts
the decision made by a mere commissioner
j was final. But the gentleman must see, I think,
'' by reference to that solemn decision that no
i tribunal short of the Supreme Court of the
United States has any power to pronounce any
judgment Of any kind on the constitutionality
of any law but by act of Congress, and there-
fore subject to such terms as Congress may
prescribe in the act. '
Mr. MARSHALL. I put it to the gentle-
man, and submit it to the House, that he does
not in any respect whatever answer or meet
the point I have made. *
Mr. NIBLACK next addressed the House.
His speech will appear in the Appendix.
-And then, on motion of Mr. BINGHAM,
(at ten o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of Aaron B.
Ryno, of Gains, Genesee county, Michigan, for
remuneration for losses during the war.
Also, thje proceedings of a meeting of citi-
zens of East Saginaw, Michigan, and vicinity,
to consider the rights of American citizens in
foreign countries, with resolutions in reference
to the treatment of Irish Americau citizens by
Great Britain.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The petition of
Jane A. Green, of Aurora, Illinois, to be paid
the amount of a United States bond which was
destroyed by fire.
Also, the petition of Carter & Piniory and
others, citizens of Kane county, Illinois, for a
law providing a better mode of appointing col-
lecting and disbursing officers of the Govern-
ment.
By Mr. MULLINS: The petition of Wil-
liam Wehle, a citizen of Kentucky, praying an
appropriation by Congress of $800 as rent for
occupation of a lot of ground by the United
States Army, situated in the city of Nashville,
Tennessee.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The petition of sundry
citizens of Knox county, Indiana, praying that
more efficient protection be extended to citi-
zens of the United States, both native and natu-
ralized, while traveling abroad, and especially
in Great Britain.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of citizens,
manufacturers, and dealers in paper-collars in
New York and Philadelphia, praying that the
internal revenue tax on these goods may be
removed.
By Mr. PHELPS: The claim of Mrs. Ellen
Craig, widow, of Baltimore, Maryland, for
damages sustained during the war.
By Mr. PRICE : The petition of citizens of
second congressional district of Iowa, asking
for prompt action by Congress fo* the protec-
tion of naturalized citizens in foreign countries
and to compel the Government of Great Brit-
ain to recognize the validity of the naturaliza-
tion of those citizens.
By Mr. ROBERTSON: The petition of
Ezra Kipp, of the city of Washington, praying
for compensation for property taken and de-
stroyed by the troops of the United States in
Virginia during the rebellion.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fripay, December 17, 1808.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. O. H. Tiffany, D. D., of New Bruns-
wick, New Jersey.
Tho Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
pritate bill day.
The SPEAKER stated, this being Friday,
the first business in ordqr in the morning hour
was the call of committees for reports of a pri-
vate nature.
anti-contraction bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no public report to
make from the Committee of Ways and Means,
but I have a report on the anti-contraction bill
to submit, that the House non-concur in tha
amendment of the Senate, and I hope it will hfl
received at this time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object until after the
morning hour.
deficiency bill.
Mr. BUTLER, by unanimous consent,moTed
that the amendments of the Senate to Houw
bill No. 320, known as the deficicncy bill, bo
taken up and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
1kssion for debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
my friend will withhold his motion until we
see how business progresses before the House.
We may then agree to have a session to-morrow
for debate.
The SPEAKER. Several gentlemen havd
informed the Chair that they wish to speak to-
morrow.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my motion.
bridge over the ohio.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following preamble and
resolution:
Whereas the enactment of February 17,1865, au-
thorizing the construction of a bridge over the Ohio
river at LouiBville specially provides, first, that such
bridge shall be located above the falls: second, that
it shall be constructed with at least three draws: and
third, that it shall in noway interfere with the navi-
gation of said river: and whereas it is currently re-
ported that tho bridge at present beme constructed
is in flagrant violation of the above provisions and
most seriously obstructing the navigation ot said
river: Therefore,
JSe it resolved, That the Secretary of War ia hereby
