2998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
be done away with. So far as the railroad com-
pany can carry the mail matter I am perfectly
willing that it should be done away with. The
price of transportation on the railroad is fixed
by general rules, and just so far as the railroad
extends this discrimination should cease; but
the expense of this express matter is from the
terminusof the railroads though the different by-
ways or different roads in that remote country.
We are now organizing new mail service not
only over the South, but over the West, and
all this service is a vast addition to the expenses
of the Post Office Department. During the
war the Post Office Department was self-sus-
taining. Now, it is gradually falling back, and
the deficiency in the postal service is largely
increasing. This measure will tend still more
largely to increase it.
Under these circumstances it seems to me it
would be wiser to postpone this measure, which
will unquestionably lead to an addition of
the expenses of the Post Office Department,
until the time when the railroads are spread
over that country. There is no hardship in
requiring dealers who get express matter, mail
matter if you please, over these roads at the
expense of the Government, to pay that addi-
tional expense. You simply load down your
mail and require these stages to carry a great
amount of matter over vast distances at the
expense of the Government of the United
States, not for the benefit of the people, but
for the benefit merely of the persons who prob-
ably sell magazines, &c. All the citizens who
subscribed for a newspaper or who received
letters would get their mail matter at precisely
the same cost that we would in old and settled
communities where the expense is not one tenth
the cost in the extreme western country.
As a matter of course I have no care on
this subject except so far as it will affect the
increased cost. After September we shall un-
doubtedly have to pay more for this service,
and we shall feel it in the end by the increase
of the deficiency in the Post Office Depart-
ment. This is a matter involving, I presume,
several hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. CONNESS. Oh, no.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt that the
postal service which now costs §16,000,000
altogether will be increased several hundred
thousand dollars by the provisions of this bill.
That is my deliberate judgment. I cannot
say what the amount will be, because I have
no material to estimate upon; but our country
is so vast and our population is scattered
through so vast an extent of territory that the
expense of this transportation will be greatly
increased. It seems to me it is a matter well
worthy of consideration.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senate might infer
from the opposition of the Senator from Ohio
to this proposition that there was something
extraordinary about it. My own impression
is, from all the information I can gather, that
it will not cost the Government one cent addi-
tional for the transforation of printed matter
by mail as provided for in this bill. Now, sir,
throughout the United States, no matter what
the distance is, east of the Alleghany mount-
ains—and so it is on the Pacific slope—a letter
or printed matter will pass at a uniform rate,
and the only discrimination known under our
law is against these interior Territories, the
very region of the country in favor of which
discrimination, if discrimination should be had
anywhere, should be made. The people there
get their reading matter at very great expense
as compared with what we pay for it in the
States east of the mountains. I am told by
those familiar with the newspaper business in
the Territories, that a newspaper which you can
buy here for five or ten cents costs them fifty
cents or a dollar there. Why should this con-
tinue? Why should these people who build
up your country at a great sacrifice at best
have this sacrifice imposed upon them by a dis-
crimination against them in your laws. Sir,
there is no reason for it; and there is no reason
for the apprehensions of the Senator from Ohio
that this bill will add to the expense of tho
transportation of the mails. It will not add
one cent to that expense. The Pacific rail-
road is almost completed across the continent,
and of course the expense of the transportation
of the mail will not be one half or twenty-five
per cent, of what it used to be. It is simply
upon the lateral roads, the roads running north
into Montana and south into New Mexico, on
which staging has yet to be done, except a
small link between the extremities east and
west. I hope the Senate will allow the bill
to pass.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise to correct a state-
ment of the Senator from Ohio, and to make
an additional statement touching the cost of
this service. The whole cost, I think, under
the old contract was $1,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. A singie line.
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly; a single line.
I am speaking of a single line to which this
law applies. One hundred and sixty thousand
dollars of that were paidfor sea service, leaving
$840,000 for overland service. That was when
the overland service reached from Atchison, in
Kansas, to Folsom, in California, on wheels.
I have no doubt, under the new contract to be
made in September, the entiie service, after
the repeal of this provision, will not exceed
$500,000 ; so that in place of its being an in-
crease, there will bo a decrease at least of one
third. I have no doubt at all on that point.
The Senator is entirely mistaken in his esti-
mates.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The chair-
man of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads is certainly laboring under a mis-
take in supposing that we are going to diminish
the expense of carrying the mails even after
we have obtained railroads; for if he examines
the subject he will find that we are paying, in
many instances, more than we paid before the
construction of railroads for the transportation
of the mails, so that the amount we are to pay
for mail service will not be diminished when-
ever the Pacific railroad is completed, for they
will unquestionably demand the maximum rate
per mile for that service, and will be entitled
to it. The idea that this is not to increase the
expenses of the mails that are transported by
stage coaches, to me seems utterly preposter-
ous. We know that the mails will be increased
in some cases by tons, and the idea that the
contractors are going to take the mails for the
same price is certainly without any foundation.
It will increase the expense, and we cannot
shut our eyes to the fact. I regret that the
Senate did not incorporate the amendment
that I proposed, to postpone this repeal until
1869. If it had been postponed until 1869,
then the increased amount that would be paid
on the stage coach maii between the two points
of the railroads would be much less, but that
not having beeu incorporated in it, I trust the
bill will fail.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill; and upon that
question the j'eas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Conness,
Corbett, Crapin, Davis, Drake, Ferry, Harlan. How-
ard, Howe, Nye, Pomeroy. ltamsoy, Ross, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers,
Wade, Wilicy, Williams, apd Yates—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Ccmkiins. Fessunden, FrcHnghuy-
sen, Hendrieks, Johnson, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Sherman, and WiKnn--!:!.
ABSENT—Messis. Anthony, Bayard, Buekatew,
Cattell, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds. Fowler. Grimes,
Henderson, McOreery, Morton, Norton, Saulsbury,
Sprague, and Tipton—16.
So the bill was passed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MOKKILL, of Maine. I ask permis-
sion to present at this time a report from the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the act making
appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 18G9.
The report was read, as follows:
The oommittcc of confcrence on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 601) making appropriations for tho
naval service for the year ending Juno 30, l'$69 
having met. alter full and free conference hay©
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows;
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the third, twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, thirty-bev-
cnth, and thirty-eighth amendments of the Senate,
and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their thirty-fifth ani
thirty-sixth amendments.
That the House rccede from their disagreement tt 
the eighth amendment of tho Senate, and agreo to
the same with the following amendment;
Strike out all of said amendment and insert in lieu
thereof the following: " Provided, That the civil
engineer and naval storekeeper a fc the several navy-
yards, shall be appointed by the President with the
ad viceaud consent of the Senate, and that the persons
employed at tho several navy-yards to superintend
the mechanical departments, and heretofore known
as master mechanics, master carpenters, master join-
ers, master blacksmiths, master boiler-makers, master
saiimakers, mastcrplumbers, master painters, master
calkers, master masons, master boat-builders, mas-
ter spar-makers, master block-makers, master labor-
ers, and the supeiintendcnts of rope-walks, shall bo
men skilled in their several duties and appointed
from civil life, and shall not he appointed trom the
officers of the Navy."
And that the Senate agree to the same.
L. M. MORRILL,
KOSUOJ3 CONKLING,
J. W. NYE,
Manager* on the part of the Senate.
E. 13. WASIIBU11NE,
N. P. BANKS,
JLfttnapers on the part oj the House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The committee
agree to recede from the amendment of the
Senate, which disagreed to the House propo-
sition to reduce the Navy below eighty live
hundred men. The committee report that the
Senate should recede from that and agree to
the House proposition, so that the bill, as it
stands, will be as presented to us from the
House of Representatives in that particular.
The Senate also agree to the House proposition
as amended in regard to the master mechanics
and subordinates in the several navy-yards.
The original House proposition required them
to be appointed by the President and con-
firmed by the Senate. The Senate non-con-
curred in that altogether; but the commit-
tee now recommend that the Senate shall
recede from that disagreement and agree to the
proposition as amended, which is that the civil
engineer and naval storekeeper shall be ap-
pointed by the President, with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and, as to the other sub-
ordinate officers, that they tha.ll be appointed
as heretofore, without tiie advice and consent
of the Senate. In all other respects the House
recede from their position, and concur with the
Senate.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE JfKOM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that, the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 218) for the relief of John M.
Palmer.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1212) to relieve
certain citizens of Arkansas of disabilities, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint
resolution (H. K. No. 218) for the relief of
John M. Palmer;y£nd it was signed by the
President pro tenffiore.
REl'lVESENTAJXOX OK SOUTHERN STATES.
The Senateyas in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the/Consideration of the bill (H. R.
admit the States of North Caro-
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, and
AlabatfSsf to representation in Congress, the
pending question being on the motion of Mr.
Sherman', to amend the amendment reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary by striking
out the following words at the close of the first
section:
And the State of Georgia shall only bo entitled
and admitted to represeatation upon this farther
