4022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
river; to authorize the consolidation of certain
railroad companies, and to provide homesteads
• for llie laborers on said roads." which I had
the honor of introducing on the 3d day of March
last, and which was printed, referred to and
has been considered by the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
This bill, Mr. Chairman, contemplates the
construction of continuous lines of railroad
and telegraph from the Mississippi river, op-
posite Cairo, Illinois, through the States of
Missouri, Arkansas, and Texas, to the Rio
Grande river, in the direction of San Bias,
Mexico, 011 the Pacific coast, and to connect
with such railroads as may be built in Mexico
from the Rio Grande river, either to San Bias
or the City of Mexico.
The bill proposes that the United States
shall aid certain companies heretofore char-
tered by the Legislatures of Missouri, Arkan-
sas, and Texas to build said railroad, loaning
the bonds of the United States to said com-
panies upon a second mortgage on said rail-
road—the bonds to be issued as sections of
the road are completed, §10,000 per mile from
Cairo to Little Rock, and $10,000 per mile
from Little Rock to the Rio Grande. The
bonds to run fifty years and to bear currency
interest at the rate of six per cent, per annum,
the interest to be paid by the railroad com-
panies. At the end of ten years the railroad
companies are to create in the Treasury of
the United States a sinking fund of two and
one half per cent, per annum of the total debt,
so that! the debt will be paid by the railroad
companies at maturity.
The bill also provides that the lands hereto-
fore granted by the United States to aid in the
construction of that portion of the road that
lies in Missouri and Arkansas, and known as
the Cairo and Fulton railroad, amounting to
about two million acres, and the lands granted
by general law in Texas, which will amount to
about seven million acres, in all about nine
million acres of land, shall be sold by the rail-
road companies at the maximum price of $2 50
per acre, to such persons who, being laborers
on said railroads, may wish to purchase any
part of said lauds. The bill also provides that
in the construction of the road preference shall
be given to persons wishing, in whole or in part,
to buy land for their labor j and the bill also
provides that the Commissioner of Refugees
and Freedmen shall supervise the contracts
made with freedmen, and aid them insecuring
homes along the line of said road by the pur-
chase of lanil-. from the railroad companies.
The bill also provides that the railroad com-
panies shall have authority to borrow money
upon a first mortgage to an amount equal to
the Government loan; also that the United
States shall at all times have preference in
sending dispatches and transporting troops and
munitions of war, and that all the earnings of
the railroad companies for transporting the
mails, troops, munitions of war, and Govern-
ment freights and forwarding telegraphic dis-
patches, shall be retained by and accounted for
semi-annually by the Secretary of the Treasury,
to be applied exclusively to the payment of
interest on the Government bonds issued to
the railroad companies, any surplus of semi-
annual earnings to be paid to the railroad com-
panies.
The bill also provides that the railroad com-
panies shall have authority to consolidate their
corporate powers by virtue of State laws under
the corporate name of " The International Pa-
cific Railroad Company." The companies are
required to make a full and complete report
to the Secretary of the Treasury annually of
their condition and business.
_ These, Mr. Chairman, are the material pro-
visions of the bill, and to their earnest consid-
eration I desire to call the attention of Con-
gress and the country. There are many reasons,
sir, why this railroad should meet the hearty
approval and aid of Congress. In the first
place, the construction of a railroad southwest
from the mouth of the Ohio river was seconded
by Congress as long ago as 1856 by a grant of
land through Missouri and Arkansas. In 1866,
the grant beiug about to expire by limitation,
was renewed and enlarged by act of Congress,
upon the recommendation of the honorable gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,] the chair-
man of the Committee on the Public Lands,
and to-day nearly two million acres of land in
Missouri and Arkansas are withheld from sale
to aid in the construction of the road.
That the construction of this road would
permanently secure the reconstruction and
development of Arkansas and Texas and place
them upon the high road to prosperity, I pre-
sume will not be doubted by any gentleman on
this floor. Those States are great outlying,
undeveloped Territories, with rich soil, admi-
rable climate, and capable of supporting ten
million inhabitants. With the exception of
her frontage on the Mississippi river, Arkan-
sas has no reliable means of transportation.
She had thirty-eight miles of railroad in 18C0,
and she has the same to-day, with little hope
of increasing the amount except through the
generous aid of Congress.
The condition of Texas is but little, if any,
better. From her coast-line a few short roads
point to the interior, but are not being ex-
tended for want of funds. There are four hun-
dred and ninety-six miles of railroad in Texas,
none of them having connections beyond the
State. So utterly insufficient are these rail-
roads for the convenient transportation of
freight that a large proportion of the products
of the soil are transported ill ox wagons from
two to live hundred miles to market. The
natural result of this condition of affairs is,
that in both Arkansas and Texas production
is at the very lowest possible stage, and labor
is absolutely without hope for remunerative
returns.
Another consideration which weighs heavily
upon my mind is the great importance of fos-
tering and encouraging the cultivation of sugar
and cotton, both necessaries which enter largely
into the daily consumption of the world.
The production of both of these articles was
almost abandoned during the war, and while
the growth of cotton has been resumed with
partial success the production of sugar is in a
very languishing condition. It is a matter of
absolute necessity to the whole country to
stimulate the production of sugar and cotton
in the southern States.
1. That the importation of sugar may be
reduced.
2. That the exportation of cotton may be
increased. For by these means the balance of
trade now largely against this country will be
changed in our favor.
That the prices of these articles may be
reduced to the benefit of our whole population.
4. That the labor of the sugar and cotton
growing regions may be prevented from per-
manently engaging in the production of bread-
stuffs and provisions, thus securing to the great
West and Northwest a home market for all
their productions ; for be it known, Mr. Chair-
man, that at no time have we been able to find
a foreign market for more than five per cent,
of the grain produced in the United States.
And well did the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Eelus^,] in discussing the
tax bill the other day, raise the note of warn-
ing to the West of the danger that the South
would soon be able to monopolize the foreign
grain trade, to the exclusion of the West; but
1 call the attention of that gentleman and of
the House and the country to the fact that
if the South is encouraged to return to the
vigorous production of sugar and cotton, the
grain growers of the West will find a better
market at home than abroad.
And fifthly, Mr. Chairman, I insist that it
is necessary to stimulate the production of
sugar and cotton in the southern States as a
means of securing prosperity, happiness, and
peace to the people of those States.
And who among us, I ask, doss not desire
to see peace and prosperity abound from ocean
to ocean and from the lakes to the gulf? It
is hardly necessary to state, Mr. Chairman,
that Louisiana, Mississippi, Tennessee, Ken-
tucky, Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio
are deeply interested in the speedy construc-
tion of thi s great thoroughfare.
Another consideration which should press
heavily upon the minds of gentlemen is the
fact that the construction of this railroad would
greatly cheapen the cost of living through the
North and East by causing a reduction in the
price of beef. At this time there are five mil-
lions of cattle in the State of Texas, the value
of which will not average four dollars per head.
There is absolutely no market for the millions
of fine fat beeves this immense herd contains
in consequence of the inadequate means of
transportation from that State. There is no
reason why the price of beef in our cities and
large towns should not be reduced from thirty
to fifty per cent, by the introduction of Texas
cattle by means of railroad transportation
and at the same time increase the value of
cattle in Texas from one to two hundred per
cent. Texas is now the most extensive and
best grazing country in the United States. I
am satified that she could furnish half a mil-
lion of beeves annually twenty dollars per head
cheaper than similar stock is now sold m our
city markets ; thus by the construction of the
"International Pacific railroad" would the
consumers of beef North and East save mil-
lions of dollars annually by the reduction of
the price of that article, and the value of the
stock of Texas would be increased from the
nominal sum of £20,000,000 to an actual value
of $50,000,000. _
Another consideration I desire to bring to
the attention of the House is the paramount
importance of making the most ample provis-
ions for the hundreds of thousands of landless,
homeless poor persons, white and black, in the
States of Arkansas, Texas, and contiguous
States, whereby they may secure homesteads.
As previously stated, about two million acres
of land in Missouri and Arkansas were granted
to aid in the construction of the proposed rail-
road. These lands are now withheld from
market, and constitute some of the best lauds
in those States. By the laws of Texas about
seven million acres of land will inure to the
proposed railroad as constructed.
Upon these nine million acres of land one
hundred and fifty thousand homesteads or three
quarters of a million of inhabitants can be
located where they can till their own lands by
day and sleep under their own roofs by night
iii peace and prosperity. By the passage of the
bill under consideration the railroad companies
are required to sell their lands at the maximum
price of $2 50 per acre to all persons who, in
whole or in part, wish to pay for land in labor.
Under the provisions of this act thousands of
persons would secure valuable homesteads
along the line of this great thoroughfare and
pay for them in labor, reserving enough from
their daily earnings to support themselves and
families.
And, sir, by the passage of this act an im-
mense land monopoly will be prevented by
requiring the sale of these lands at a fair and
fixed valuation; for Mr. Chairman, the legis-
lation of Congress in respect to the public
lands of the country should be to prevent as
near as may be the aggregation of large bodies
of land for speculation in the hands of indi-
viduals and corporations, and to secure to actual
settlers and cultivators of the soil homesteads
tree of cost or at a price within the reach of
the poor; for sir, there is no curse to any
country so great as the ownership of the lands
in the hands of the few, and for the husband-
man to be a tenant and not the owner of the
soil he cultivates. Sir, the landless poor of
this country are children of the Republic, and
should be encouraged by the most liberal legis-
lation to secure homesteads for themselves and
their posterity.
Mr. Chairman, I desire that Congress and
the country shall also examine tins subject
from the stand-point of economy ; for I affirm,
sir, that as respects the economical administra-
tion of public affairs in those States and con-
