1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4028
tiguous Territories that the United States can
well afford to aid m the construction of this
railroad. We all understand that millions of
■dollars are annually expended for the trans-
portation of troops, military and Indian sup-
plies to our distant ports by the slow and
expensive means of mule and ox teams.
Now, sir, at the military depot of San
Antonio alone our disbursing officers pay an-
nually more than a million and a quarter of
dollars for the transportation of supplies in
wagons from Indianola to San Antonio and
other points, these same supplies having first
been transported from New York by sea or
from Cincinnati, Louisville, Jeffersonville, or
St. Louis to New Orleans by river, thence
across the Gulf. And, sir, the disbursements
lit San Antonio do not cover more than onehalf
of the sum expended annually by the United
States for wagon transportation to our military
posts in that distant region. I think, sir, that
it is safe to assume that $1,000,000 per annum
would be saved to the Treasury by the con-
struction of this railroad by cheapening trans-
portation.
Mr. Chairman, this railroad, extending a
thousand miles through the fertile lands of
Missouri, Arkansas, and Texas, where there
are no means of transportation save by wagons
on miserable roads, would operate like an
enchanter's wand in' the development of pro-
duction and trade along the entire line ; anew
field would be opened fot the energies of our
people and anew market for the production of
our manufactures. And, sir, this railroad would
have the same effect upon our foreign trade that
other railroads have had ; our exports and
imports would be increased $25,000 per mile
for the entire length of road, amounting to
$25,000,000 per annum; and the duties paid
into the national Treasury upon dutiable im-
ports would amount to at leasb $3,000,000 per
annum. These conclusions are inevitable and
cannot be escaped; they are deducible from the
statistics of the country, running back through
the past thirty-five years, and are entitled to
the attention of Congress and the country.
MEXICO. 1
Having demonstrated the importance of this
railroad to our own .people, and the economy
of the United States aiding in its construction
from Cairo to the Kio Grande, I now come to
thv, discussion of the subject with reference to
the influence it will have upon the future of
Mexico, and the trade of this country with
that republic. The republic of Mexico has a
population of eight million. Her capacities
for the development of industry and trade are
surpassed by few countries; her mineral wealth
is absolutely inexhaustible and fabulous. The
revolutionary fires which have unfortunately
enveloped that country for the past thirty
.years have about burned out, and it is hoped
that the Liberal Government will be able to
maintain itself against all its enemies.
■Mr. Chairman, 1 aLuni that the people of
the United States are interested in the perma-
nent establishment of the Republic of Mexico
and in the prosperity of its people. And, sir,
i express it as my deliberate opinion that
nothing would more conduce to secure these
ends than the construction of a system of rail-
roads connecting the two countries. I propose,
sir, that the United States shall aid in building
a railroad to the Mexican border; and by
friendly offices encourage the construction in
Mexico of two railroads, the one to the Pacific
and the other to the city of Mexico. To say
that the construction of such a system of rail-
roads would advance the interests of both coun-
tries is stating the matter tamely; for, sir, the
imagination can scarcely conceive the wonder-
ful advantages which would inevitably result
to both peoples. Mexico would at once awake
from her lethargy and enter the lists in the race
■of progress; her liberal Government would
beco me a fixed fact; new fields would be tilled,
new cities built, and the riches of her mines
would be laid bare. Industry, production,
and trade would increase, and her people
would bccome contented, prosperous, and
happy. We would penetrate the very heart of
Mexico by twelve hundred miles of railroad,
and thus secure a monopoly of her trade by
lines inaccessible to foreign countries.
Her people would want our agricultural and
mechanical implements and manufactured
goods, and would pay for them mainly in the
precious metals. A new and profitable field for
commerce would be opened to our people. The
products of the mines of Mexico, amounting
now to some fifteen million dollars annually,
would at once be diverted to this country, and
the amount augmented to $50,000,000 within
a few years. And, Mr. Chairman, reaching
the Pacific coast by this shortest and best of
all routes, may we not look down upon the
west coast of South America and out upon the
islands of the sea and hope for a rapid exten-
sion of trade; and may we not look out and
beyond those islands to that distant Asiatic
clime known as the "East,'' whose trade for
three thousand years has been the prize of com-
merce, and which in turn enriched Tyre, Jeru-
salem, Palmyra, Alexandria, and Constanti-
nople, and which by the genius of Yasco de
Garna was brought around the Cape of Good
Hope to fill the coffers of Lisbon, London, and
the whole of Europe ; and extending our com-
merce over shorter lines divert into new chan-
nels across this continent a trade which has
enriched every country controlling it, and which
is now separated by the diameter of the earth
from the point of distribution, and which is a
rich prize now within our grasp, and may, by
enterprise and energy, be secured to this coun-
try as an ete rnal heritage by the building of
this proposed railroad and others in process of
construction.
Mr. Chairman, it is my opinion that the
United States is about to make auevv departure
upon the road to prosperity ; and as the Hepub-
lican parly is likely to remain in power lor a
I series of yeais, and will be responsible for the
legislation of the country, I take this occasion
to say that it is not enough that we shall be the
champions of liberty and union ; we must also
be the champions of such legislation as will
develop industry, production, and trade, so as
to bring about that degree of universal pros-
perity which will make liberty enjoyable and
Union a thing to be loved by all. Therefore
1 say, sir, that we should, without unnecessary
delay, devise a just, and wise system of improve-
ments, in whole or in part at public expense,
to stimulate production, and to cheapen and
facilitate the transportation of the products of
labor, thus securing to the producer the great-
est possible sum for the fruits of his toil, and
thereby largely increasing the capability of the
country to sustain the heavy burden of taxa-
tion pressing upon it. And it is in view of
the conclusions just given, and the considera-
tions heretofore mentioned, that I earnestly
impress upon Congress and the country the
vast importance of the speedy construction of
the International Pacific railroad.
For the construction of four thousand nine
hundred and forty-four miles ot railroad in India
theBritishParliamentguarantied$<566,000,000,
and has actually paid $65,000,000 interestthere-
on. To aid in the construction of the Interna-
tional Pacific railroad, one thousand miles long,
about fourteen million dollars in bonds will be
required. Thus we can secure a railroad one
fifth in length of the India railroads at one thir-
tieth the cost. During the construction of the
road the railroad companies are rrquired to pay
the interest on the bonds. When the road is com-
pleted the payments by the United States for
the transportation of mails, troops, and sup-
plies, will far exceed the interest on the bonds,
and thus obviate the necessity of appropria-
tions from the Treasury for that purpose. The
sinking fund provided by the bill will be ample
for the payment of the principal; and thus,
without cost to the national Treasury, a work
enduring as time, the importance of which the
most sanguine imagination can now scarcely
foreshadow, will be secured to this and future
generations in perpetuity.
Mr. Chairman, progress is the watchword of
this Republic; progress in civil government;
progress in the recognition and protection of
the rights of men ; progress in education,
morality, and religion; progress in the arts
and sciences; progress in industry, produc-
tion, and trade; progress in multiplying facili-
ties and overcoming obstructions to commerce;
progress in spreading the self-evident truths of
free government, not by bloodshed and war,
but by the humane process of peace. And,
oh! what a field is here spread out for human
thought and' human action, stretching from
ocean to ocean, a distance of three thousand
miles, and extending over seventy-five degrees
of latitude: with a climate varying from perpet-
ual spring to perpetual winter; with produc-
tions to suit all climes; penetrated by im-
mense rivers, worthy the name of inland seas;
bordered by navigable lakes, and indented
with bays and gulfs unequaled in size and
beauty; traversed by giant mountains filled
with precious ores; diversified with hill, val-
ley, and plain; timber land and prairie ; with
soil of unsurpassed fertility ; with mountains
of iron and measures of coal four times greater
in extent than those of all the world beside is
the land committed for development to Amer-
ican freedom, American genius, and Amer-
ican statesmanship. Here the fierce bat-
tle of liberty was fought and won. and here
every man is free. Hence has gone forth the
grand political and religious truths which are
now revolutionizing and christianizing the
world. Here the downtrodden and oppressed,
of every nation, tongue, and clime, save one-,
have found refuge and repose. And even they,
sons of Africa, although held in chains and
slavery, have here, here in America, learned to
forget their instincts and practices of barbar-
ism. And, sir, may it not be the Divine pur-
pose out of the crime of slavery to bring a
great good: may it not be. when these children
of misfortune shall have learned the principles
of liberty and justice, that, turning their eyes
to the home of their ancestors, inspiration may
lead them to seek it as their inheritance, where
christianizing and civilizing their kindred they
may grow up to be a great and a free people.
And, sir, hither have come children of the
celestial empire, with their quaint costumes
and quainter religious rites. Bringing their
habits of industry, sobriety, and economy, they
have found homes, protection, and employ-
ment.
And, sir, catching the inspiration of free gov-
ernment and guided by the genius of American
statesmanship the rulers of the Empire of the
Sun have sent hither an embassy, distinguished
mainly by being led by one of the sons of our
Republic. They come to announce the readi-
ness of that singular people to open wide their
gates and to throw down the "Chinese wall"
which for three thousand years has made them
a separate people. They offer us their trade,
which within eight years has grown under
American influences from $80,000,000, to
$300,000,000, and which is capable of indefi-
nite extension. Shall we not reach forth and
grasp it? Yes; with our iron arms, spanning
a continent will we bring it to our embrace.
And, then, sir, Asia, the birth-place of man-
kind, awakened from her dark slumbers by
America, will receive our merchants, artisans,
school-men, and missionaries, and through
American influence and American civilization
will march forthwith newness oflife to receive
the Divine truths of the Gospel for her five
hundred million souls.
And now sir, thanking the House for the
courtesy of its attention, I close by repeating
, a sentiment already uttered, that to the Amer-
j ican people is confided the greatest and grand-
est subdivision of the earth, upon which to
work out the problem of perfect human Gov-
ernment. Let us endeavor to be equal to the
epoch in which we live, and by wise legislation
accelerate the wheels of progressed secure
to our whole people prosperity, union, liberty,
and justice.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, obtained the
floor, but yielded to
