186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
tion a proposition to cover the cases of a large
uumber ot' General Fremont's staff officers,
and thev unanimously rejected them, because
they lacked the requisite authority from the
War Department. But the same committee
which unanimously rejected that class of cases
have unanimously authorized me to report
favorably in this case. I now call the pre-
vious question. • *
The question was then taken upon second-
ing the previous question ; and upon a division
there wert—ayes 51, noes 47.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WASUBL'UN'E, of Illinois, called for
tellers on seconding the previous question.
Tellers were ordered: and Mr. Spai.dixg and
Mr. Sitore w t s were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 53, noes 60.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WASHBUKNK, of Illinois, i now
move to recommit this joint resolution to the
Committee on Military Affairs. I do not know
but it may be correct enough, but I am not
entirely satisfied with it at present. I would
like to have it recommitted to the Committee
on Military Affairs for a further examination
as to how far the principle of this joint resolu-
tion will carry us.
Mr. GA RFIELD. I hope the gentleman
will move its reference to some other commit-
tee. We have already examined this measure
with the utmost care, and reported unani-
mously in its favor.
Mr. WASHBURXE, of Illinois. Very
well; I move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURXE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint reso-
lution was referred; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained indefi-
nite leave of absence for Mr. Hill and Mr.
HALSEY.
CAPTAIN" CHARLES P. JGIIN90X.
Mr. DODGE, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 452)
for'the relief of Captain Charles P. Johnson ;
which was read a first and second time.
The question wife upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of War to pay to C. P. Johnson,
late a captain of the seventeenth Iowa infantry,
the amount allowed by law to a captain of in- '
fantry in the regular Army upon the retired
list, said pay to commence from the time of 1
his muster out of the said seventeenth Iowa
infantry.
Mr. ROSS. I raise the point that this bill
must first be considered in Committee of the
Whole, as it is an appropriation bill, if I mis-
take not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. This is not an appropriation
bill; it is a bill to pay a certain amount out of
the money already appropriated for the service
of the War Department.
Mr. DODGE. This officer, Captain John-
son, commanded a company in the division of
General Logan in the campaign in rear of
V ieksburg in the year 1808. He was wounded
at the battle of Jackson, there captured by the
enem;r and taken to Atlanta, where he was
held in the hands of the enemy until recaptured
a year afterward by our forces and sent North,
bmce that time he has been confined to his bed
from the wound he received at Jackson. The
rase of this officer came to the knowledge of
the General of the Army and of the Secretary
of War. The General of the Army indorsed
upon his muster-oat roll a recommendation that
he be retained in the seventeenth Iowa regi-
ment until that regiment was mustered out of
the service, and that he then be placed in the
regular Army in the highest vacancy upon the
retired list. The Secretary of War, Mr. Stan-
H ton, endeavored to do so, but there is a law
|| which prohibits the appointment of any officer
I' in the regular Army unless he be physically
competent for the active service of the posi-
tion. This officer, therefore, could not pass
an examination in that respect, for he has laid
in one position, upon his face, for more than
four years. A photograph of this officer, show-
ing the nature of his disability, is in the pos-
session of the Committee on Military Affairs,
and any gentleman is at liberty to examine it.
I now desire to have the Clerk read the sur-
geon's certificate in this case.
Mr. BAK.EU. Before that paper is read I
ask the gentleman to yield to me for a brief
statement.
Mr. DODGE. Certainly.
Mr. BAKElt. It was on my motion that
this case was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs. In my opinion it is aa just
and meritorious a case as can be. This young
man lives in my district. This gallant officer,
while fighting bravely at the battle of Jackson,
in May, 1803, was snot through the hips, the
ball passing through both hips, and wounding
him internally in a most extraordinary and dis-
tressing manner. He has laid prone on his
face, with his back upward, from that time
to this, now more than four years and seven
months. It is one of the most pitiable, one of
the most affecting, and withal one of the most
deplorable cases 1 have seen or ever heard of.
I presume there are a score of Such cases within
the United States. 1 hope there will be no
opposition on the part of any gentleman to the
passage of this bill.
Mr. RAUM. Will the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Dodge] yield to me for a moment?
Mr. DODGE. Certainly.
Mr. RAUM. I will merely add to what has
been said that I know this officer well. He
served in my brigade, and I saw him after we
captured Atlanta. The statement of the case
made here is true. I hope the bill will pass.
Mr. DODGE. I now ask to have read the
paper I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Captain Charles F. Johnson (late of the seven-
teenth regiment Iowa infantry volunteers) having
applied to me for a certificate, I Jo hereby certify
that he has been antler my care for the past fourteen
month?, and that he issnfteringfromagunshotwound
passing through both hips ami severely wounding the
rectum, (received at Jackson, Mississippi, May 14,
, 1863.) Ilis wounds are still open and discharging,
i lie is very weak and emaciated, is not able to sit up,
has to lie in one position, "fiat on his face," the entire
time, causing the bones of the hips to wear through
the flesh, giving him great pain in addition to the
extreme suffering he undergoes from his wounds. He
is perfectly helpless, cannot use a bed-pan, has to
have quilts under him for necessary purposes, his
mother having to wash and tend him the same as she
would a babe. His condition necessitates attendance
day and night.
His widowed mother has given her entire time,
strength, and means to his care for the past four
yean, "thirteen months of the time in a southern
prUon," going through the lines lor that purpose,
undergoing great dangers and privations in going
and while there.
The severity of the captain's wounds, his long im-
i prisonment and inhuman treatment, the greatsuffer-
ing he has and still endures, with his totally helpless
condition, makes his case a peculiarly sad and de-
serving one.
His muster-out of the seventeenth Iowa volunteers
leaves him without means for the support and care
of himself and widowed mother; and his entirely
helpless condition precludes the possibility of his
making any exertion to that end.
I would, therefore, very respectfully and earnestly
recommend him to the sympathy and bounty of tho
Government, to whose service he has given his all.
Signed at Upper Alton, October 8,1867.
E. RODUERS, M. D„
Late Firnt Assistant Surgeon eightieth regiment Illinois
Volunteer1 infantry.
Statu op Illinois, Madison County, ss.
I, Richard M. Bcnbow, a notary public in and for
the town of Upper Alton, Madison county, Stato of
Illinois, do hereby ccrtify that Dr. E. Rodgcrs, whoso
signature is affixed to the above certificate, is a phy-
sician and surgeon in good standing and practice, and
U a person of periect reliability.
Given under my hand and notarial seal this 8th day
of October, A. D. 1867.
RICHARD M. BENBOW.
Notary Public.
Mr. DODGE demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previons question was seconded and the
I main question ordered ; and under the opera-
j tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
; it was accordingly read tho third time, and
passed.
Mr. DODGE moved to reconsider tho voto
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that tho motion to reconsider bo laid oa the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROPOSED NEW TEKRITOlft.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent to present the memorial of General
Casement, Delegate-elect from the proposed
Territory of Wyoming, and also a memorial
of the people of that part of Dakota Terri-
tory lying west of the one hundred and fortieth
degree of latitude, asking for the establishment
of said new Territory ; and I also ask leave to
introduce a bill to organize the Territory of
Wyoming.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object until we get
through with the private business.
SETTLEMENT OF ENGINEER ACCOUNTS.
Mr. DODGE, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 154) in relation to the settlement of ac-
counts of certain officers and agents who have
disbursed public money under the direction of
the Chief of Engineers ; which was read a first
and second time.
The joint resolution directs that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in settlement of the
accounts of Captain George W. Cullum, Cap-
tain James B. McPherson, Captain Charles E.
Blunt, and Lieutenant John C. Palfrey, of
the corps of engineers, to allow to the credit
of Captain Cullum the amouut receipted for
to him by Charles H. Bigelow; to the credit
of Captain James B. McPherson and Cap-
tain C. E. Blunt the amounts receipted for
to them respectively by Abiel W. Tinkham;
and to the credit of lieutenant John C. Palfrey
the amount receipted fpr to him by John J.
Lee, and to the credit of Mr. John J. Lee the
amount receipted for to him by L. H. Eaton;
provided that the said Charles H. Bigelow,
Abiel W. Tinkham, John J. Lee, and L. H.
Eaton shall each be held to the same account-
ability to the United States for the amounts
transferred to them, respectively, at the time
of transfer, and for advances made to them
from the Treasury, as was at the time of trans-
fer required by law and regulations from offi-
cers of the corps of engineers; and provided
further, that this authority shall have no fur-
ther application than to such accounts of afore-
said persons as have been already examined
and approved by the Chief of Engineers, and
are found to contain a full and satisfactory
accounting for all the public money which
came into the hands of the aforesaid persons
under the circumstances aforesaid, namely: C.
H. Bigelow, $38,351 74; J.J. Lee, $3,508 95;
A. W. Tinkham, $12/J10 13; L. H. Eaton,
$00 85, all of which money having been ex-
pended upon the fortifications of the States of
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, and Maine.
Mr. DODGE. Mr. Speaker, every dollar's
worth of this property has been properly ac-
counted for by these officers, as can be seen
by reference to the letters of General Grant
and General Humphreys, who is at the head
of the corps of engineers, and this joint reso-
lution is only made necessary to remove a
technical objection to the settlement of these
accounts.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
report of the committee be read.
The SPEAKER. There is no written re-
port.
Mr. DODGE. I ask the Clerk to read the
letter of General Humphreys.
The Clerk read as follows:
Headquarters Corps op Engineers,
Washington, November 14, 1867.
General: In May, 1861, it became necessary to
relievo Captain George W. Cullum, corps of engin-
eers, from the charge of the defensive works at New
Bedford, Massachusetts, in order that ho might report
