186&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fundamental condition: that the first and third sub-
divisions of section seventeen of the fifth article of
the constitution of said State, except the proviso to
the first subdivision, shall be null and void, and that
thottonerul Assembly of said State, by solemn pub-
lic act, snail declare tho atseut of the State to the
foregoing 1 undamen tal condition.
Mr. WILLTAMS. Although this amend-
ment was characterized by the Senator from
Indiana [Air. Mouton] 'as an undisguised
attempt at repudiation, 1 do not quite concur
in that view of the subject. This seventeenth
section of the fifth article of the constitution
of Georgia does not propose to affect the obli-
gation of the contract at all ; no words can be
found in that section, as I understand it, pro-
fessing to destroy the existence of any contract;
but the section undertakes to suspend, to make
a temporary suspension of the remedy which
the law otherwise would give for the enforce-
ment of these contracts in a court of justice.
Mr. COCKLING and Mr. EDMUNDS. It
is an indefinite suspension.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the honorable Sen-
ators will allow me to finish what little I have
to say, they can reply if I make any mistake.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg pardon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am well aware that this
section provides for a suspension of the remedy
for the collection of debts until the Legislative
Assembly of the State shall otherwise provide,
and it amounts substantially to an authority to
the Legislative Assembly of the State to sus-
pend according to its own judgment the collec-
tion of debts.
This section, I acknowledge, is obnoxious to
the objection that it may be m violation of the
Constitution of the United Statas ; but it is a
question that admits of discussion as to whether
or not this section does absolutely violate the
provision of the Constitution of the United
States which prohibits a State from impairing
the obligation of contracts. This constitution
was made by a convention of the State of
Georgia, consisting of persons who were com-
petent to pass upon the question ; it was sub-
mitted to a vote of the people of that State, and
they have affirmed that this shall be their con-
stitution ; and it is barely possible that they
may be correct in their judgment as to whether
or not the clause of the constitution is in con-
formity with the Constitution of the United
States. If I understand the reconstruction
laws, it is not necessarily the duty of Congress
to revise the constitution of every one of these
States, and if, in the judgment of Congress,
some clause be found there which may be
regarded as in contravention of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, to strike out that
clause and revise and amend the constitution
and make it in entire conformity to our views
of law or expediency, because if we assume to
pursue that course we might just as well have
made these constitutions at the beginning and
sent them down there with instructions to the
people to adopt them as the constitutions of
the several States. It seems to me, as this is
a doubtful question, that the people of the
State of Georgia should be left to decide it for
themselves as to whether ornotthis secrion of
their constitution does accord with the Con-
stitution of the United States. To undertake
to revise it by these so-called fundamental con-
ditions is undertaking, it seems to me, on our
part to make a constitution for the people of
the State of Georgia; and certainly it cannot
be said that their constitution with this clause
in it is not republican in form, as it is required
to be by the reconstruction laws of Congress. _
This section of the constitution of Georgia
was adopted by the convention, and has been
approved by the people of that State. I do
not uuderstaud that it is a section of the con-
stitution which is altogether favored by the
debtors in the State of Georgia, but I under-
stand that the creditors there favored the adop-
tion of this section, and 1 am advised that
members of the convention, to whom twenty
and thirty and as much as fifty thousand dol-
lars were due in the State, were active friends
of this provision in the constitution. It is a
section which meets generally, as I understand,
2999
with the approbation of both debtors and
creditors in that State.
When thedebts to which thissection refers were
created, the people of the State of Georgia were
generally possessed of slave property. Many of
these debts were contracted upon the faith of
th at property. Men incurred these obligations
with an expectation that out of that sort of
property they could meet their contracts. Most
of the personal property of that State consisted
m slaves. _ Now that property has been struck
out of existence, millions upon millions of that
sort of property have been destroyed by the
action of the Federal Government with the
consent of the people; and so these debtors
have been left without the means which they
expected to have for the payment of these debts,
and thousands of men there are left in the pos-
session of land without the necessary means for
its cultivation. In view of this fact, and in view
of the devastation of the war and of the gen-
eral impoverishment of the people, it was
believed to be for the advantage of all concerned,
creditors as well as debtors, that there should
be a relief or a stay law embraced withiu this
constitution. The creditors of men in Geor-
gia who may owe thousands of dollars are as
much interested in this as the debtor. Suppose
a man owes ยง10,000 to a dozen different men.
This weight of indebtedness is a burden upon
his energies ; he has no expectation, no hope
of success, while his property, whatever he may
obtain, is exposed to an attachment or an exe-
cution ; each creditor is watching the other;
each desires to be more vigilant than the other,
and if a man who owns land and is without
personal property or effects with which to pay
his debts acquires any means, if he procures
the necessary agricultural implements for the
cultivation of his land, or if he puts in a crop,
before he can realize anything, before he can
make a start, this property may be seized by
some creditor anxious to be more vigilant than
all other creditors, and he be stripped and
reduced to his original poverty. Under these
circumstances it is exceedingly difficult, if not
impossible, for the debtor to acquire the neces-
sary means for the payment of his debts. Now,
if there be a law or a provision iii the consti-
tution by which all creditors are required to
remain quiet until the debtor can recover him-
| self to some extent, until he can acquire to
some extent the necessary means for the pay-
ment of his indebtedness, then the Legislative
Assembly, ifhe does not pay without the forci-
ble collection of those debts, may authorize
the creditors, each having an equal start, to
collect their debts.
Stay laws have been enacted in different
States of the Union. They have been found
necessary in these southern States. Insolvent
laws, bankrupt laws are all of a kindred nature
with the clause which is contained in this con-
stitution. And, sir, the Congress of the Uni-
ted States has passed a bankrupt law and
made it applicable to existing debts, and has
authorized the repudiation and cancellation
of millions of indebtedness in the United States
by the debtors going through a certain process.
Mr. CONKL1NG. The honorable Senator
will permit me to ask him a question. Is it
not true, universally true, that the Federal
courts and all other courts have held that such
a provision as he speaks of in the laws of any
State is absolutely void? In other words, is
it not true that all insolvent laws in the States
(because they have no power to pass bankrupt
laws) have been compelled to be confined to
prospective provisions, on the ground that it
was absolutely null for any State, whatever its
constitution might be, to attempt to strike down
or discharge existing debts ? And is it not true
that Mr. Madison, for example, in what he
said on that subject, made the distinction and
pleaded as he did the universal acquiescence
of the American people, to use his own phrase,
for holding that even the Congress of the Uni-
ted States had the power to pass a retroactive
bankrupt law ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know, Mr. President,
that there have been decisions that the insol-
vent laws of a State intended to operate retro-
spectively upon contacts, were invalid; but
Congress has decided that a bankrupt law
passed by this body may apply to and dissolve
existing contracts; and I say that such a law
as that has been in force in" the United States
now for more than a year, and men who were
willing to avail themselves of the benefits of
that law have discharged themselves from the
obligations of their contracts. I speak of that
simply to say that Congress having enacted
such a law on the ground that the pecuniary
embarrassments of the people required such
an enactment, and having authorized the de-
struction of millions of indebtedness in the
United States, ought not to be too eager to con-
demn the people of Georgia for repudiation
because they provide, so far as they themselves
are concerned, as among themselves, that
there may be a suspension of the collection of
debts within that State.
Now, sir, it seems to me that this matter
may be properly left to the people of the State
of Georgia. Is there any complaint made here
by those people as to this clause of the consti-
tution ? I understand that this provision of
the constitution is one of the most acceptable
within the instrument, and that it is not a pro-
vision about which there is any party division
in the State of Georgia; but it is simply re-
garded there by all the people, in view of the
great losses which they have sustained during
the war, in view of the general prostration of
business in that State, as a temporary relief,
so that men who have lands and plantations
there may proceed and prepare themselves for
the payment of their debts. If men who have
nothing but lands there are to be pursued with
this indebtedness from time to time, are to
be followed from year to year, can they ever
enable themselves to discharge the indebted-
ness which has been devolved upon them? *
The section of the bill which it is moved to
amend it seems to me is not quite consistent
with it-self, for while it proposes to amend the
constitution of Georgia by striking out a cer-
tain portion of its provisions, it retains another
portion which amounts tp a repudiation of
debt. I allude to the proviso "that no court
or officer shall have, nor shall the General
Assembly give, jurisdiction or authority to try
or give judgment on, or enforce any debt the
consideration of which was a slave or slaves,
or the hire thereof." Suppose before the
abolition of slavery in the State of Georgia a
man purchased a slave and gave his note for
it; that was a legitimate transaction at the
time ; that was a valid contract at the time.
This constitution undertakes to say that that
contract shall cease to exist. It is different
from the other provision, for it not only pro-
vides that the remedy shall be suspended, but
it denies to the General Assembly of the State
the power to authorize the collection of any
such debt.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There we stand on the
higher law.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know you stand in that
respect on the higher law ; but if this provision
which the Senator proposes to strike out is so
obnoxious because it is in violation of the
Constitution of the United States, how does he
reconcile his support of the proviso which I
have just read, which is retained in the sec-
tion, which is iti itself equally unconstitutional ?
Suppose, while slavery existed there, a man
hired a slave and agreed to give $500 for his
services for two or three years, and he enjoyed
the beueiit of those services, he received the
labor of the slave, he sold the proceeds of that
labor and received the money for it; this con-
stitution declares that such a contract shall be
null and void, and that no court of the State
of Georgia shall ever enforce a collection of
the money under it. Why do you include this
and repudiate the other portion of the section?
The fact that slavery has since been abolished
does not affect the validity of a contract good
at the time it was made.
It, was suggested by the Senator from Indi-
ana [Mr. MoktoxJ that there was danger, if
