1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
1975
county, Delaware ; another one from colored
citizens of Georgetown, Sussex county, Dela-
ware ; another one from colored citizens in
Lewistown, Sussex county, Delaware; and
another one from colored citizens of Wilming-
- ton, Delaware. I ask their reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They will
be so referred.
Mr. SAULSBURY. One of those petitions
comes from the town in which I live. I know
there is not a negro in the town who can draw
up a petition, and I did not know there was
one who could write his name.
Mr. GRIMES presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Iowa, in favor of an additional
grant of land to aid in the building of a rail-
road from McGregor westerly on or near the
forty-third parallel, until it shall reach the
county of O'Brien, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Boston, Massachusetts, remonstrating
against the passage of an international copy-
right law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
Mr. CATTELL presented a memorial of
paper-makers inManayunk, Pennsylvania, re-
monstrating against the passage of an inter-
national copyright law ; which was referred to
the Committee on the Library.
Mr. CAMERON presented fi memorial of
the Board of Trade of Philadelphia, praying
a repeal of the tax on manufactures; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of
citizens of New York, praying a reduction of
the taxes, and that the expenses of the Gov-
ernment be reduced to a peace basis; which
was referred to the Committee 011 Finance.
public expenditures.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to have a recon-
sideration of the vote by which the resolution
of the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks]
was agreed to yesterday morning, for the
purpose of amending it. It passed without
my noticing it particularly, although I rose
to object at the time the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] made his objection to it. Ilis
objection was withdrawn, and I believe the
resolution was passed. I desire to amend the
resolution, and if it has passed out of the pos-
session of the Senate I want an order request-
ing its return. I do not know how that is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be read.
Th e Secretary read it, as follows ;
liesolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested to inform the Senate what have been the
monthly expenditures and the average expenditures
per month of the War, Navy, and Interior Depart-
ments since the 1st day oi July, 1805; and also the
monthly expenditures of each bureau of said Depart-
ments during the present fiscal year.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kansas moves that the resolution be
recalled from the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. POMEROY. Has it passed out of the
possession of the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I move that an
order be passed requesting the Secretary of the
Treasury to return it to the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator desires
any additional information, he can offer his
resolution at once. Mine is a distinct propo-
sition to secure information upon particular
points. I have no objection to such informa-
tion as the Senator wishes, being called for.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment 1 pro-
pose is not only germane, but I think essential
to a full report upon the resolution offered by
the Senator from Indiana. These monthly
expenses are all in the annual reports, and in
the annual reports there are reasons given for
each estimate and for each expenditure by
items. The resolution introduced by the Sen-
ator from Indiana, as it was passed by the
Senate, calls for the gross amounts, without
the items containing the reasons why the ex-
penditures were incurred. My amendment
will call for an answer in items, and for some
additional things which are not contained in
the resolution of the Senator from Indiana. I
think it is very important that the two should
go together, so that the report when it comes
in will explain itself; that is, the statement of
monthly expenses will show what they are for,
whether for bounties, for the support of the
Army, for the Freedmen's Bureau, and so on.
I wish to have the report in detail so as to ex-
plain itself.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope we shall not take
up any time with this matter. Of course the
Senator from Kansas has a right to move to
reconsider the vote on the resolution, and an
order requesting the return of the paper for
the purpose of reconsideration follows, as a
matter of course, by our praclice. I am sure
the Senator from Indiana will not object to
that. It will not delay the matter more than
a day. It is certainly the usual course here.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I, of course, will object
to it. I have asked for certain information
from the Treasury Department. Now, the Sen-
ator from Kansas wishes to pile that up with
all the reasons in detail. I do not ki>ow any-
thing about the details. It was not my pur-
pose to call for them. I want to know what
have been the expenditures up to the present
time, to guide myself in voting upon the dif-
ferent propositions for the reduction of ex-
penditures and the reduction of taxes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the Senator did
not comprehend the scope of what I said. I
am not arguing in favor of the amendment; I
do not know what it is, nor care for that mat-
ter ; that will be determined afterward ; but I
am simply saying that inasmuch as the Sen-
ator from Kansas has a right to move a recon-
sideration, inasmuch as that is a right which
the rule gives him, the course of practice in
this body is, and it is a necessary one, that
such a motion being made, if the paper lias
gone out of the possession of the body an
order shall be passed requesting its return in
order that the motion may operate. Such an
order is a matter of course, and therefore I
hope the Senator from Indiana will not object
to it. When the paper comes back and the
question shall be on reconsidering it there
will be quite a different question presented.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The original resolu-
tion, I suppose, is not sent away from the
Senate. The original resolution is here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. By the rule, whenever a
resolution of this kind or any other is acted
upon the paper is understood to have passed
from the possession of the body, although the
identical piece of paper which was offered here
may not have gone; and hence, as we know, in
respect to nominations, if I may allude to them,
the same course is taken. Then, sir, my point
is not that this resolution ought to be recon-
sidered, or that, if reconsidered, the amend-
ment ought to be adopted—I do not know any-
thing about that; but, inasmuch as the rules
give the Senator from Kansas a right to make
this motion, it follows as a matter of course
that the paper should be returned to the pos-
session of the Senate, so that the motion can
be heard. That is all 1 say.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not understand
the practice of the Senate as the Senator from
Vermont does. Iunderstand therulehe speaks
of to apply to the case of nominations where
the nomination itself, the paper, goes away;
but if a resolution is passed by the Senate
calling 011 a Department for information, that
original paper is certainly never sent to the
Department; I presume the original paper re-
mains here, and the Department is informed
of the passage of the resolution. But if the
Senator be correct on the question of practice,
of course I have nothing to say.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire of the
Chair what is before the Senate, and whether
reports are in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is a motion to send to the Treas-
ury Department for a resolution adopted yes-
terday calling for information from that De-
partment, in order that a motion to reconsider
the vote adopting the resolution may be made.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Chair can inform
us about the question between the Senator from
Vermont and myself without any great delay.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Whether the motion to
reconsider is now in order without sendin^for
the paper, or whether it can only be entered?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The im-
pression of the Chair is that the rule referred
to applies only in executive session to the case
of nominations.
Mr. POMEROY. Butthe Chair will remem-
ber that when bills are sent to the other House
and we desire to reconsider the vote passing
them the first motion is to request the return
of the bill, and then when it is returned we
proceed to reconsider it. It seems to me the
same principle applies in this case. When a
resolution addressed to either of the Depart-
ments is offered the rule requires that it shall
lie over one day if any Senator objects to its
consideration. That is with a view of seeing
if any Senator desires to move an amendment.
This resolution passed without consideration
yesterday ; and the same rule which would call
for the return of a bill or resolution from the
House of Representatives would apply to call-
ing it back from a Department or anywhere
else, so that a motion to reconsider and then
amend it could be made in order. It is not
strictly in order to amend a resolution unless
it is properly before the Senate, and my motion
is to bring this resolution properly before the
Senate in order to amend it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks the motion to send for the paper is in
order. ;
Mr. HENDRICKS. Where is the paper,
Mr. President?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With the
Secretary of the Treasury, it is presumed.
Mr. POMEROY. My motion is that the
Secretary of the Senate be directed to ask the
Secretary ol'the Treasury to return the resolu-
tion in order that a motion to reconsider may
be enteied.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not wish that done.
I wish this information now. I will say to the
Senate that I wish it to guide me upon the votes
I am to give. I want to know what are the ex-
penditures up to the present time, so that I can
judge how to vote upon the different proppsi-
tions for reducing the expenditures and re-
ducing taxes. I did want an answer to this
resolution before we should come to vote upon
the bill which is pending before the Senate
proposing to strike off a large amount of in
ternal taxes. I tried a few days ago to offer
this resolution, but did not succeed. Now, this
proposition is simply to delay getting the in-
formation that I wish.
Mr. POMEROY. So far as I am concerned
it cannot delay it more than a day. I want the
information, too, but I want the items; I want
it in a form that I can use. I want to see how
much went to support the Army, how much
went to pay bounties, how much for transporta-
tion, how much for cemeteries, &c. I want the
items given so that I can see what the account
is made up of. To get simply the gross amount,
as this resolution calls for, so that the country
will understand that we are carrying on the War
Department at war expenses without giving the
items, will work great injury to us, and it can
be of no use to know the amount without the
items.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Injury to whom? I
do not understand the Senator when ho talks
about working "injury to us." I do not want
to injure the Senator from Kansas; it was not
in my head. I was not thinking about him or
his in regard to this matter. I want to know
what the expenses are. Now, I say to the
Senator, if he can tack on to my resolution a
proposition that there shall be a detailed state-
ment of all the expenses of the Government
I cannpt get the answer to it during this ses-
sion. The aggregates which I have asked for I
have inquired at the Department, and I find I
can receive in a low days; but to call for the
