1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Irrigation and Forest Culture—Mr. Donnelly.
Ho. op Heps.
great treeless plains where, in some places,
even the grass refuses to grow.
The abseuce of forests is simply the result
of the aridity of the atmosphere. But it is
found that where the soil is humid trees will
flourish notwithstanding the dryness of the
atmosphere. This is shown in those portions
of the West where a clay sub-soil exists ; there
the rain is held as in a basin, the earth remains
moist, and groves and forests arise in the midst
of prairies. If, then, an artificial humidity
can be produced in the soil by means of irri-
gation, forests can be produced.
Let us consider this subject in its several
branches:
I.—THE NECESSITY FOR TIMBER.
During the first session of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, on the 18th day of May, 1866, I
introduced in this House the following reso-
lution 5 which was read and agreed to:
"Resolved, That in view of the almost complete
absence of woodb and forests in the interior regions
of the continent, and of their paramount impor-
tance in the settlement and occupancy of the noun-
try, the Committee on the Public Lands be directed to
inquire whether a system cannot be devised whereby
the planting of woods and forests may be encouraged
in regions destitute of timber by liberal donations
of public hinds in alternate sections to individuals
or corporations, and tho reservation of the adjoin-
ing sections by the Government at an increased price,
asm the case of railroad grants; the lands so granted,
or a proportional part thereof, to be planted with
trees adapted to the climate and tho needs of the
community."
In answer to inquiries which grew out of
this resolution, on the 28th June, 18G6, Hon.
J. M. Edmunds, then Commissioner of the
General Land Office, in a communication to
the Committee on the Public Lands, said:
"The subject of inquiry is one of vast importance
to the future of this country. A large portion of the
vast region between the Mississippi and Pacific is
wholly destitute of timber, and this destitution is
the gieat and principal hinderance to the rapid ad-
Vcineuof settlements. These vast treeless plains and
plateaus will be rendered habitable only by the pres-
ence of trees and groves, which will fertilize and
moisten the soil, soften and modify the climate, and
protcct men and animals, from the blighting effects
of the dry and searching winds whicli now almost
desolate that region."
A few facts will suggest the importance of
trees and their products to civilized man. Ber-
nard Palissy said:
"I cannot enough detest this thing, and i call it
not an error, but a curse and a calamity to all France,
for wtien forests hliall be cut all arts shall cease, and
they whieh. practiee them shall be driven out to eat
gracs with Nebuchadnezzar and the beasts of the
field. 1 have divers times thought to set down m
writing the artd which shall perish when there shall
be no more wood: but when I had written down a
great number I did perceive that there could be no
end to my writing, and having diligently considered
I found there was not any which eould bo followed
without wood."
Palissy's apprehensions of the destruction
of the woods of France were well founded.
Mirabeau in 1750 estimated the forests of
France at seventeen million hectares^ while in
18C0 it had fallen to eight millions, a loss of
over one half in a century.
Rentzsch, in his work, u Der Wald," page
68.says:
,k Spain, which by her position seemed destined for
universal power, and once, in fact, possessed it, has
lost lier political rank, because under the unwise
administration of tho successors of Philip II, the
empty exchequer could not furnish the means tor
building now fleets, for tho destruction of the forests
had raised the price of timber above theresources of
the State."
War and peace, luxury and necessity, alike
make their demand upon the forests.
During the first two years of our civil war
twenty-eight thousand walnut trees were felled
to supply a single European manufactory of
gun-stocks for the American market.
Marsh in his work; '"Alan and Nature,'
says:
"The consumption of wood for lucifer matches
alone is enormous. I have heard ot several instances
where thousands of aercs of fine forest have been
purchased and felled, solely to supply timber torthis
purpose."
Kentzsch says, (page 68:)
" The demand for wood for children's toys is incred-
ibly large. The reports from the town of Sonnoberg
alone amounted in 1853 to sixty thousand centner or
three thousands tons weight."
Bigelow (Des Mats Unis en 1803, p. 430)
estimates that in 1862 the American railroads
required ninety-seven millions two hundred
thousand ties. Says Marsh:
" Enlightened individuals in most European States,
governments in others, have made very extensive
plantations, and Prance has now set herself energet-
ically to work to restore the woods in the southern
provinces, and thereby to prevent the utter depopu-
lation and waatewith which that once fertile soil and
delicious climate are threatened."
Says the same author:
" The planting of the mountains will diminish the
frequency and violence of river inundations,prevent
the formation of torrents, mitigate the extremes of
atmospheric temperature, humidity, and precipita-
tion, restore dried up springs, rivulets, and sources of
irrigation, shelter the fields from chilling and parch-
ing winds, prevent the spread of miasmatic effluvia,
and, finally, furnish an inexhaustible and self-renew-
ing supply of a material indispensable to so many
purposes of domestic comfort, to the successtul cxer-
eise of every art of peace and every destructive en-
ergy of war.
"The insccts most injurious to rural industry do
not multiplym ornearthewoods. The locustwhich
ravages tho East with its voracious armies is bred in
vast open plains which admit thefull heat of the sun
to hasten the hatching of the eggs, gather no mois-
ture to destroy them and harbor no birds to feed upon
the larvse. It is only sinee tho felling of the forests
of Asia 3Iinorand Oyrene, thatthelocusthasbecome
so fearfully destructive m thoso countries; and the
grasshopper, which now threatens to bo almost as
great a post to the agriculture of North American
soils, breeds in seriously injurious numbers only
where a wide extent of surface is bare of woods.
My own State has on several occasions suf-
fered from the in-roads of great armies of these
insects from the treeless plains west of us 5
while they have on a btill larger scale repeat-
edly desolated Kansas and Texas. This evil
results from the fact that the exact balance
between animal and vegetable Life is not pre-
servedin consequcncc of the absence of forests.
To supply the extraordinary demand for
Italian iron occasioned by the exclusion, of
English iron in the time of Napoleon I, the
furnaces of the valley of Bergamo were stim-
ulated to great activity.
" The ordinary production of charcoal not sufficing
to feed the furnaces and the forges, tho woods were
felled, the copses cut before their timeand the whole
economy of the forest was deranged. AtPiazzatorre
there was such a devastation of the woods, and conse-
quently such an increased severity of climate that
maize 110 longer lipened. An association formed for
the purpose, effected the restoration of theforest and
maize flourishes again in the fields of PiazKatorre."--
lieport by G. Rosa, in 11 Foldecnico, December, 1861,
p. 614.
Says Dressard:
"Under the reign of Augustus, the forests which
protected the Cevennes were felled or destroyed by
fire in mass. A vast country, before covered with
impenetrable woods—powerful obstacles to the move-
ment and even to tho formation of hurricanes—was
suddenly denuded, swept bare, stripped, and soon
after a scourgc, hitherto unknown, tno mistral or
northwest wind, biruck tenor over tho land from
Avignon to the Bouchcs du lthone, thence to Mar-
seilles, and then directed its ravages over the whole
maritime frontier. The people thought this wind a
curso sent by God. They laised altars to it, and
offered sacrifices to appease its rage."
Says Marsh:
4* Under the consulate of Napoleon, the clearings
had exerted so injurious an effect upon tho climate,
that the cultivation of the olive had retreated several
leagues, and since tho winters ot 1820 and 18^6 this
branch of rural industry has been abandoned m a
great number of localities, where it was advanta-
geously pursued before. The orange now flourishes
only ata few sheltered points of the coast,.and it is
threatened even atHyercs, where the clearing of tho
hills near the town has proved very prejudicial to
this valuablo tree."
The influence of forests has long been recog-
nized.  
" Det golde Strog 1 A^rika,
Der intet rose kan, da ei det regner.
Og, omvendt, ingen liegn kan itudo, da
Der intet voxel-."
Sir John F. W. Herschel accounts for the
extreme aridity of Spain by the destruction of
the forests of that country, and on the other
hand declares—
"That rain has become more frequent in Egs;pt
since tho more vigoious cultivation of tho palm
iree."
In Malta rain became so scarce after the
cutting down of the forests that in 1841 not a
drop of rain had fallen in three years.
Asbjornsen says:
"Palestine and many other parts of Asia and
northern Africa, which in ancient times were the
granaries of Europe." * * * * "are now
deserts, and it is the destruction of the forests which
alone has produced this desolation."
With all these facts before us it can, I think,
be safely asserted that any considerable_ in-
crease of woods upon our extensive prairies
would be followed by these results:
I. An interruption of the great winds which
now sweep with unbroken force over those re-
gions :
Says Bequeree:
"In the valley of the Rhone, a simple hedge two
meters in height is a sufficient protection for a dis-
tance of twenty-two meters."
Bays Marsh:
" If wo supposed the trees of a wood to have a
mean height of only twenty yards they often bene-
ficially atloct the temperature or the moisture of a
belt of land two or three hundred yards in width,
and thus perhaps roscuc valuable crops from des-
tiuction."
It is asserted in Le Alpi che cingono VItalia
that—
"In consequence of tho felling of the woods on the
Appeninos tho sirocco prevails greatly on the right
bank of the J'o, iu the Parmesan territory, and in
paitof Loinbardy; it injures the harvests and tho
vineyards and sometimes ruins the crops of the sea-
sou. Xn Modena and lteggio whero formerly straw
roofs resisted tho lorce of the winds, tiles are now
hardly sutheient; in others where tiles answered for
roofs, largo slabs of stono are now ineffectual."
Those who have felt the sweep of the wind
in Dakota Territory, Nebraska, Iowa, or Kan-
sas, can appreciate the force of this description.
IT. The production of flocks of insectiverous
birds, which by destroying the larv  of the
grasshopper will put an end to that pest which
now consigns vast regions to desolation.
III. A supply of wood for fuel and for build-
ing purposes, and for the thousand minor uses
for which it is employed by civilized man.
Our Government has paid as high as $150
per cord for wood at its military posts 011 the
great plains. A civilized people cannot like
the savage use the dry manure of the buffalo
for fuel, nor can any frontier population afford
to consume for fuel an article almost as scarce
and as valuable as gold.
I pass to the next branch of my subject:
II—THE FORESTS OF THE UNITED STATES.
According to the census of the United States
for 1860, which gives returns of the "sawed
and planed lumber" alone—excluding alto-
gether timber for framing and for mechanical
purposes—the value of the former material
prepared for market in the United States was,
in 18-50, $58,521,976. In 1860 it had nearly
doubled in amount, being §95,912,286.
Says Marsh, a very high authority:
" I greatly doubtwhether any ono of the American
States, except, perhaps, Oregon, has at this moment
more woodland than it ought permanently to pre-
serve, though no doubt a different distribution of
the forests m all ot them might be highly advan-
tageous."
Judge Edmunds, late Commissioner of the
General Land Office, in the report from which
1 have already quoted, says :
"Till within a short time the advancing column
of population has been composed of thoso who have
been (orcod to contend with the densely-timbered
region east of the Mississippi, carrying with them
habits and tastes unsuited to tiic vast tieeleas plain
now presented to our frontier settlements.
"Having first learned that they eould not live with
fi'ieots, they have now to learn that they cannot hv-o
and prosper without them. Already the forests ot
Xew York, Pennsylvania, Indiana, and Ohio have
been so far depleted that those States resort to Mich-
igan and "Wisconsin for lumber and tiiabers tor
domestic use." " * * * ~ , * ,
" But, how long will the forests of Michigan, noi tn-
er:i Wisconsin, and Minnesota stand between the
treble dram of tho older eastern States, t.10
prairies, and tho valley of the Mississippi / Long
beiore Michigan, northern Wisconsin, or Minnesota,
the '■■■ :]> States which call now export timbci m Sal
auantitits, shall contain a population one halt as
dense as Massachusetts, they wilt not only cease to
export, but will lind a scarcity foi then own local
P"'' the three last named States are believed to con-
