m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 1%
f*r duty in this city on the staff of Brevet Lieutenant
General Winfield Scott, by whom his services were
desired.
The inclosed copy of a letter, dated May S, 1861,
from Brevet Brigadier General J. (>. Totten, shows
the authority had liy Captain Cullum for turning
over public funds in his hands to Mr. C. II. Bigelow.
Upon the sottlemont at the Treasury of the accounts
of Captain Cullum he was refused credit for 81S,5o6 99,
the sum transferred by him to Mr. Bigelow. After
somecorrespondencethis sum was passed to the credit
of General Cullum, butcharged to General J. G. Tot-
ten, (.then deceased,) under paragraph one thousand
andseven, Army Regulations.
Inclosed hftewith is a statement of the account of
Mr. C. II. Bigelow, and it will be observed that ho
faithfully accounted for all the public money which
passed into his hands. The accounts were examined
as usual at this bureau, and being approved, wore
forwarded to the Treasury Department for settle-
ment.
They were returned to the engineer bureau by the
Third Auditor, as not admittingof settlement by the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury for want
of evidence that Mr. Bigelow had been appointed an
engineer agent forthedisburscment of public money,
ana had filed in the office of the Second Comptroller
of the Tre&sury the bond required by the fourteenth
section of the act of August, 18o4, chapter two hun-
dred and forty-two.
No formal appointment as engineer agent was given
to Mr. Bigelow, and no bond was entered into by
him. These requirements wereoverlooked amid tho
unusual cares and responsibilities pressing npon all
branches of the public service at thut time. The
Treasury Department is itself not altogether blame-
less in this matter, as requisitions for public money
in favor of Mr. Bigelow aad Mr. J. J. Lee were filled
by its agents, as appears from tho statement here-
with.
It seems, however, necessary now to remove all
existing difficulties. which are purely technical, that
Congress shall be asked to enact a. law in th.e terms
of the inclosed sketch.
The accounts of several other officers of engineers,
namely: of Captain C. E. Blunt. T.L. Casey. J. It.
McPherson, Lieutenant J. C. Palfrey, and H. M.
Robert, wetecomplicated in the same manner, about
the same period, and for similar reasons, with the
accounts of Mr. A. W. Xinkham. J. J. Lee. and L.
H. Eaton.
These persons, like Mr. Bigelow, all enjoyed the
confidence of the Chief of Engineers and those of bis
subordinates with whom they had served, and had
exhibited marked faithfulness and zeal in the per-
formance of duty.
The inclosed statement shows that they all ren-
dered just and fall account forthepublic money placed
in their hands. I respeetfullsmuggest that thcSecre-
tary of War recommend to Wngress the enactment
of a law in the terms indicated in the inclosed draft.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
A. A. HUMPHREYS,.
Brigadier General of Engineer*, (JbmmctTtdinff.
General U. 8. Gbant, TJ. S. A..
Secretary of War ad interim.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. The read-
ing of that letter gave me no little satisfaction.
1 think it shows this is a just claim and that
we ought to pass this resolution. I am glad to
have a report which states the facts clearly
for oar action. If it had been a railroad grant
for one or two million acres of the public land
we would have had no report.
Mr. DODGE demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and uader the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. DODGE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. KETCHAM, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition for the
relief of the sureties of Otis A. Whitehead ; and
the same was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. PILE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported adversely on the memorial
and petition of Henry P. Freeman, A. 13. Mills,
H. H. Trask, and W . G. Duckett, praying that
certain moneys deposited by them in the Mer-
chants' Bank may be refunded ; and the same
was laid on the table.
Mr. PILE, from the same committee, also
reported adversely on three memorials of en-
listed men detailed as clerks at headquarters
of the department of Missouri, praying for
|j additional compensation} aad the same were
!| laid on the table.
;; S. G. LYFORD.
! Mr. PILE, from the same committee, re-
Eorted back House bill No. 391 relieving S. G.
yford, of the ordnance department of the
United States Army, from any responsibility
for money lost in the Government mail, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill directs the credit to Mr. Lyford of
$241 tiO, being the amount of Government
money which was lost in the United States
mail while in transit from Vicksburg to Cairo
on or about the 24th of April, 1803, while he
was chief ordnance officer of the department
of Tennessee.
Mr. UPSON. Did we not pass a law author-
izing settlement in such cases? (
Mr. PILE. I know of no general law.
Mr. UPSON. There is a general law of
that kind providing for referring them to the
Court of Claims for adjudication.
Mr. PILE. I have among the papers in a
case of this kind an application to the ordnance
department for relief which was declined on the
ground that it was not authorized.
Mr. UPSON. The law authorizes claims to
be adjudicated where money or vouchers are
lost without fault.
Mr. PILE. When was that law passed?
Mr. UPSON. In the first session of the
last Congress—iu May, 1866, I believe,
i; Mr. PILE. Upoa that statement I with-
i draw the bill for the time being.
J ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. RAUM, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported adversely on the petition
of George Wilson, asking for an appropriation
in consideration of his services in detecting the
Camp Douglas conspiracy; and the same way-
laid on the table.
NANCY WEEKS.
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on Revo
lutionary Pensions and of the War of 1812,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 453) increasing the
pension of Mrs. Nancy Weeks, widow of Fran-
cis Weeks, of Georgia; which was read & first
and second time.
It directs an increase of the pension of Mrs.
Weeks, widow of Francis Weeks, late of the
State of Georgia, a soldier of the war of 1812,
to ten dollars per month from and after the
passage of this act, to continue during her
natural life.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Read the
report.
The report was read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for
further explanation.
Mr. PRICE. This is an old lady between
seventy and eighty years of age, drawing a
pension now as a widow of a private. She is
in fact the widow of an ensign, and therefore
entitled to a pension as such. The papers at
the desk establish these facts and the additional
fact of the loyalty of the party.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed an(J
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J0IIN KELLEY.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No.
454) granting a pension to John Kelley; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll the name of John
Kelley, late a private in company H sixty-
! seventh regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, to
j date from the 16th day of January, 186."/, sub-
i ject to-the provisions and limitations of the
| pension, law.
| The ieport was read.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
I and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vota
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsidor on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DAVID VAN N0RDSTRAND.
•Mr. PERHAM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a biJJ (H. R. No. 45o) granting
a pension to D^vid Van Nordstrand; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of David Van Nordstr^nd,
company H one hundred and twenty-seventh
regiment Indiana volunteer infantry, oa the
pension-roll at the rate of fifteen dollars 4
month from and after the passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider thayo&f
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table. '
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. PERHAM also, from the same com-
mittee, reported adversely on the petition of
Julia A. Wing, asking an increase of pension ;
and the same was laid on the table.
CI^NGE OF REFERENCES.
On motion of Mr. PERHAM, the Conrtfiit*-
tee on Invalid Pensions was discharged' froth
the further consideration of the petition of
Betsey Wallingford, and of the petition of N.
B. Eastman, James Ross, and 120 other citi-
! zens of Ohio, asking that pensions be granted
11 to the surviving officers and privates in the
Army of the war of 1812; and the same wpr$
I severally referred to the Committee on Revo-
I lutionary Pensions and of the Warof 1812.
! MINOR CHILDREN OF PLEASANT STOOPS.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the Committee
| on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No.
| 466) grahting a pension to the minor children
i of Pleasant Stoops ; which was read a first and
! second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll the names of
the minor children of Pleasant Stoops, lata, at
member of company F eighteenth raiment
United States infantry, to  ate from the. day
of his death, subject to the provisions aad liijjff
itations of the pension laws.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed &a<i
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it w^a
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconside*
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider ot} thfl
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAJO INDIANS.
The SPEAKER, the morning hour having
expired, laid before the House a communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Interior, trans-
mitting estimates for appropriations for the
Navajo Indians in New Mexico ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed. '
SESSION FOR DEBATE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. After con-
sultation wjth the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bix&HAJi] ,1 now make the proposition to tho;
House that there shall be a session ta-inorrov'
exclusively for debate, and the gentleman from
Ohio will propose that the vote shall be taken-
on his hill on Monday after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition.of th£ gentleman from Illinois ?
flo objection was wade.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand the gentle-
man to siean that the reconstruction bill shall
not be ftpted on until Monday morning.
The SPEAKER, The proposition of the
gontlenym from. Illinois does not interfere with
that bill at all. If the House shall occupy the.
whole of this day's session with the consider*.
