4024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
Mr. HIGBY, who moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Higby having taken the chjir as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Cullom reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
having had under consideration the Union gen-
erally, had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. GETZ, (at nine
o'clock and forty minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
tinder the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BUCKLAND: The petition of Wil-
liam Robertson and others, owners of steamers
and vessels engaged in the coasting and other
trade on the southern shore of Lake Erie, for
the passage of the bills introduced into the
Senate of the United States by Mr. Chandler
regulating such trade.
By Mr. LOAN: The petition of A. L. H.
Crenshaw, of Jackson county, Missouri, for
relief.
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of sundry
Army officers, praying an allowance of forage
for an additional number of horses, and also
the continuance of the compensation of ten
dollars per month to every company com-
mander for responsibility of clothing, arms,
company property, &e.
By Mr. PETERS : The petition of John G.
Chandler and others, Army officers, for an
increase of compensation.
By Mr. POLAND : The petition of Colonel
J. G. Chandler and others, officers in the
United States Army, praying for an increase
of compensation.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of sundry
officers asking the passage of the bill known as
" the Schenek bill," to equalize the pay of the
officers and enlisted men of the Army.
By Mr. SCHENCK : The petition of officers
of the Army asking for the passage of General
Schenck's bill, to fix and equalize the pay of
officers and to establish the pay of enlisted
soldiers of the Army.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The remonstrance of C. II. Jones, and 7
other legal voters of Athol, Massachusetts,
against the increase of the tariff on steel.
By Mr. WELKER: A memorial of Colonel
J. G. Chandler and 10 others, officers of the
Army,asking the passage ofGeneralSoHENCK's
bill fixing the pay of officers and soldiers in the
Army.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 14, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. FERRY, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
senator from maryland.
Mr. VICKERS presented the credentials of
Hon. William Pinkney Whyte, appointed by
the Governor of the State of Maryland a Sen-
ator from that State to fill the unexpired term
of Hon. Reverdy Johnson, resigned.
Thc_ credentials were read; and the oaths
prescribed by law having been administered to
Mr. Whyte, he took his seat in the Senate.
house bills referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 332) author-
izing the appointment of examiners to exam-
ine and report upon the expediency of discon-
tinuing the navy-yard at Charlestown, Massa-
chusetts, and uniting the same with the yard
at Kittery, Maine, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 338) exon-
erating certain vessels of the United States
from the pajment of tonnage fees to consular
agents in Canada was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid-before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating information relative to
the third article of the treaty of April 28,1860,
with the Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians,
and an estimate for $15,000 with which to
meet the requirements of that article ; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CONNESS presented a petition of citi-
zens of Los Angeles, California, praying Con-
gress to establish a district court of the United
States for the southern district of California to
be located at Los Angeles; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. OONKL1NG presented a petition of
officers of the United States Army, praying an
increase of compensation; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
_ Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN presented a peti-
tion of officers of the United States Army,
praying an increase of compensation; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
officers of the United States Army, praying an
increase of compensation ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of officers
of (he United States Army, praying an increase
of compensation ; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of New York, praying an extension of the
time of the so-called fifty per cent, clause of
the bankrupt act; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PESSENDEN presented a petition of
officers of the United States Army, praying an
increase of compensation; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Levi
Herzog, praying compensation for goods fur-
nished the first regiment Maiylar.d volunteer
cavalry in 1801; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
lie also presented the petition of George
Fuerst, praying to be allowed transportation
to Fort Vancouver, Washington Territory;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itaiy Affairs and the Militia.
order of business.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to resume at this time the
consideration of the bill which was cut off yes-
terday morning by the expiration of the morn-
ing hour. It will take but a little time, and it
is a bill of public importance, which hasalready
passed the House of Representatives, and been
reported with amendments from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. It is a bill (II. R. No.
941) to amend certain acts in relation to the
Navy and Marine corps.
Mr. CATTELL. I am very sorry to inter-
fere with the purpose of the Senator from Mis-
souri, but a bill of, I think, very great public
import, Senate bill No. 543, lias been up under
discussion more than once in the morning
hour and been cut off, and I am extremely
anxious that it should be disposed of now. I
am quite unwell, scarcely able to be in the
Senate this morning, and came here hoping
that that bill would be disposed of. I think it
will not give rise to much discussion.
Mr. DRAKE. I beg the gentleman not to
object to taking up the bill I indicated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
of committees are in order.
reports of committees.
Mr. POMEROY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the resolution relative to printing extra copies
of the Land Office report, to report it back.
It has been before the Committee on Printing
and was referred again to the Committee on
Public Lands, and they recommend the amend-
ment of the Committee on Printing, with a
slight amendment. I suppose under the rules,
strictly, it should go to the Committee os.
Printing again, but 1 conclude that the Com-
mittee on Printing will concur in this recom-
mendation.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is not necessary to send
it to the Committee on Printing again, but i
should like to know wlmt the amendment is.
Mr. POMEROY. l'he_ amendment is to
allow one thousand copies in French. We con-
curred in the recommendation of the Commit-
tee on Printing with the exception of allowing
one thousand copies in French, which the Com-
mittee on Printing did not agree to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Do you propose to print
the maps ?
Mr. POMEROY. We have not recom
mended that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it go over until to
morrow and be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over under the rule.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had concurred in the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. li.
No. 605) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30ih of
June, 1809.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. li. No. 544)
to incorporate the Washington Target-Shoot-
ing Company.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 339)
authorising the remission of the duties on a
chime of bells imported for presentation to the
Episcopal church at lloosic, Rensselaer county,
New York.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the Ilouse had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 504) concerning the tax commis-
sioners of the State of Arkansas ; and it was
signed by the President pro tempore.
samuel pierce
On motion of Mr. FERRY, the bill (H. R.
No. 783) for the relief of Samuel Pierce, which
had been reported on adversely, was postponed
indefinitely.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. FERRY submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
1341) malting appropriations and to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1808, and for other purposes ;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
mouse bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 339) authorizing the
remission of the duties on a ehirne of bells
imported lor presentation to the Episcopal
church at lloosic, Rensselaer county, New
York, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
northern michigan railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to appeal to the
Senate to take up Senate bill No. 276. I only
want to have it taken up and read, and it i ay
be_ laid aside then if any gentleman has any-
thing more pressing.
The PRESIDENT .pro feropere. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan, to take ap the bill (S. No. 276) to
grant lands to the Northern Michigan Railroad
Company in extension of the Northern Pacific
railroad.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it just reported?
Mr. HOWARD. No : it has been reported
for months.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that is taken up
