476
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
Ho. of Beps.
Irrigation and Forest Culture—Mr. Donnelly.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
tain rnorc available timber Mian all the territory
between the Mississippi river and the mountains,and
extending from the British possessions to the (*uU
of Mexico. .
44 Heretofore, as new sections of the country have
been brought within the line of settlement, new
sources of timber supply have been opened. Here-
after the advance of the settlements butmcreases the
demand upon the already diminished and diminish-
ing reserve, . , _ . .
" It should be borne in mmd that to this time our
great forests have met the demands and destruction
of a gradually rising population from three to thirty-
three millions of people, while they were for nearly
the whole time diving deeper into the recesses of the
unbroken primeval supply. We have now gone
through and surrounded this great timber reserve,
and we enter upon the margin of the great treeless
waste with our original store three Quarters con-
sumed, the demand accelerated, and the consumers
to rise rapidly from thirty-three to fifty millions
within the; last third of this century. A little com-
mon arithmetic will satisfy any thinking man of the
consequences, and of the proportion which the de-
mand and supply will bear to each other at the close
as compared with the commencement of this cen-
tury. Extend the time for another fifty years, with
the added population, and it wilt be fortunate if our
people get boards three inches wide, as in China at
the present time. Is it not apparent that we should
at once cease to destroy and commence to produce?"
Having, as I think, demonstrated the vast
importance of the woods to the members of
the human family, and especially to that most
important part of the human family, the agri-
culturists, whose labor is the basis of all the
wealth, industry, prosperity, and happiness of
the world, I turn to the next branch of the
question.
Ill—CAN FORKSTS BE CREATED BY THE LABOR OF MAN ?
The experience of the past cannot fail to
give to this question an emphatic and affirm-
ative answer.
Forests have been created from the earliest
times.
Ordericus Yitalis tells us that William the
Conquerer destroyed sixty parishes and drove
out their inhabitants, in order that he might
turn their lands into a forest, to be reserved
as a hunting ground to him and his posterity,
and he punished with death the killing of a
deer, wild boar, or even a hare therein.
His successor, William Rufus, according to
the Histoire de Dues clc JSformandie et des
llois d'Angleterre "was hunting one day in
a new forest which he had caused to be made
out of eighteen parishes that he had destroyed,
when by mischance he was killed by an arrow
from the bow of Sir Walter Tyrell.'5
In France great desolation and depopula-
tion resulted from the encroachment of the
royal forests over the cultivated country, and
much of the violence and bitterness that
marked the great revolution arose from the
cruel game laws made to protect these forests
and their inhabitants.
In Europe sylvicidture, or the growth of
artificial forests, has given birth to an entire
literature, embracing many great and dis-
tinguished names. They divide the science
into the taiUis or copse treatment* and the
filiate or full-growth system. Great care is
taken to mingle the various trees in the pro-
poi lions found in the natural forests, to exclude
domestic animals that browse upon and des-
troy the tender shoots, and to select such lo-
calities as are fitted for the growth of forests
and which at the same time can best be spared
from agriculture. There is no "primitive for-
est" in Europe, many of them are altogether
of artificial growth, while the remainder have
been greatly changed and affected by the labor
of man.
In Scotland and in the South of France
many square miles of forest have been created.
In ligypt, Mahomet All planted more than
twenty millions of olive and fig and cotton-
wood trees, &c.
in an interesting series of articles by Baude,
in the Heme des JJeux Maudes, there is this
statement:
44 A spectator placed on the famous bell-tower of
the cathedral of Antwerp, saw, not long since, on the
opposite hide of the Hohelde only a \ ast desert plain;
now ho mjos a fuvcot, the limits of which are con-
founded with the horizon. Let him enter within its
shade. The supposed forest isbut asysfcem of regular
rows of trees, the oide&t of which is not forty years
of age. These plantations have ameliorated the
climate which had doomed to sterility the soil where
they are planted. While the tempest is violently
agitating their tops the air a little below is still, and
sands far more barren than the plateau of La Hague
have been transformed, under their protection, into
fertile fields."
A still stronger proof is afforded in the fol-
lowing extract:
" While Britain retains her awful situation among
the nations of Europe," says Isaac Disraeli, father
ot the present prime minister of England, "the
'Sylva'of Evelyn will endure with her triumphant
oaks. In the third edition of that work the heart of
the patriot expands at its result; he tells Charles II.
4 how many millions of timber trees, besides infinite
others, have been propagated and planted at the in-
stigation and by the sole direction of this work.' It
was an author in his studious retreat who, easting a
prophetic eye on the age we live in, secured the late
victories ot our naval sovereignty. Inquire at the
admiralty how the fleets of Nelson have been con-
structed, and they can tell you that it was with the
oaks which the genius of Evelyn planted."—Literary
Character, p. 274.
Mr. Greeley, in the New York Tribune of
the 4th of June, 1860, said:
"Africa has her Sahara; Asia her Arabian sands
and vast Tartar 4 Steppes' or lofty, naked table-lands
behind the Himalayan range; but America proba-
bly exceeds either m the extent of her area rendered
uninhabitable by civilized man because of their arid
desolation.
" This need not be, and must not continue. 4 The
plains5 are not ail sterile. Their soil is full of alka-
lino substances which strongly conduce to fertility.
Salt Lake City is built on a bench or* swale'five
thousand feet above sea-level and nearly inclosed by
lofty mountains, and no tree had grown on this or
any kindred tract within the human tradition till
the Mormons settled theie; and now, being irri-
gated, it is embowered in shade and fruit trees. It
might more easily have been converted into a dense
forest. And we judge that there is no spot on the
continent between the Isthmus of Darien and the
sixtieth degree of north latitude where living water
cau be procured which cannot be readily covered
with trees. Where water cannot be had, the case is
more difficult; yet the red cedar and the mountain
pine grow on the dryest, most sterile mountains;
while the redwood and perhaps the big trees of Cal-
ifornia may bo equally independent of water.
"Pire is the chief enemy of forests and dry regions,
and had doubtless been dealing with them as man
is now dealing with the buffalo for centuries. We
v^aw ample evidence that timber was formerly less
scarce on the plains and in the great basin than it
now is, while in all the prairie States whore roads
and settlements have limited the sweep of prairie
fires, there is a steady increase of timber. We do
not say us many do) that Illinois has more timber
growing to-day than she had fifty years ago; but we
do say that her timber is far better distributed than
in 1815, and thus better adapted to the needs and
uses of mankind."
The manner in which fruit trees of different
kinds and originating in different regions and
climates have been transferred to this country
and successfully cultivated to the number of
many millions is the most complete answer to
all doubters. The orchards of the United
States, if collected in one locality, would cover
hundreds of thousands of acres. If such re-
sults have been achieved with these most tender
and precarious foreign trees, why could they
not be attained with the hardy forest trees ot
our own country? If we can raise groves of
the peach can we not raise forests of the oak
or the maple'/
There is an additional fact to sustain Mr.
Greeley's statement, that trees and groves may
be grown by the aid of irrigation even in the
midst of the sage and cactus plains. The
French Government has been boring artesian
wells in the great African desert, and wherever
the water bubbles to the surface an oasis springs
up. Laboulaye, in his beautiful tale of the
" Four-Leaved Clover," has given a charming
account of the development of such a well in
the desert with its palm trees and its warbling
birds. But there is a vast region of our coun-
try now almost uninhabitable which could be
rendered so by the presence of groves and
forests, and where they could be made to grow
without irrigation. 1 refer to the Territory of
Dakota, to Nebraska, and to western Minne-
sota and Kansas and Texas ; in short, to all
the border land between the timbered country
and the arid interior. In the greater part of
this country the forest would be almost spon-
taneous. Little would be needed but to pro-
tect the young growth fromdSre and domestic
cattle j and where no spontaneous growth of
brush appeared to plant groves in such locali-
ties as will be most favorable, along the banks
of streams or lakes, or near moist and springy
places.
I quote with pleasure the following extract
from a late number of the Wisconsin Farmer :
"As an evidence of the facility with which timber
may be produced, we have only to observe results in
localities where the spontaneous growth has been
preserved by provident farmers; and wo have seen
no better examples than are to be found in Grant
county. There large tracts of grub land have been
left to grow up where the timber had been cut off or
nearly destroyed by fires, and these groves, of all sizes,
from a few acres up to hundreds of acres which every-
where skirts the prairies, form oneof themost delight-
ful features of that region. Thesesaplingsare mostly
oak and hickory, and cover the ground so thickly
that at a little distance their tall, straight trunks
seem to form an impenetrable wall of timber, and this
new growth is already furnishing supplies of fuel and
fencing.
44 One gentleman in Potosi informed us that twenty
years before he had a tract covered with heavy tim-
ber which he cut off clean and left to grow np to
young timber, and that the young growth would cut
twenty-five cords of wood to the acre. Indeed, it is
thought by some that there is as much weight of tim-
ber in Grant county now as there was twenty years
ago."
In my own State practical men are trying
the experiment and with marked success, as
the following letter will show:
ElGIX, April 29,1867.
To the Editors of (he "Wabasha Herald:
As you have given, from time to time, somo very
good advice to the people of this county in regard to
planting trees and seeds for timber, 1 send you as my
experience in planting Maple e-eeds, the following:
In May, 1866, I sent to William Closson k Son,
Prairie Garden, Prairie City, Illinois, four dollars,
for which they sent inc by express one bushel of soft
JMaple seed. I prepared my ground as for corn,
marking one way with single shovel plow, three feet
and a half apart, dropped seeds two inches apart,
covered two inches deep. The trees grew from bis.
to thirty inches high last season, and are now look-
ing very finely, havingstoodthewintcr well although
notprotected.
Seeds of the soft maple usually ripen and fall in
May, and can be gathered wherever large maple
trees can be found. There are many places in Illi-
nois or Pennsylvania where they can be bought.
One should be careful in planting to avoid places
where the snow drifts on the plants. Keep clean,
and transplant at one year old, and then cultivate
well, and I have no doubt that in eight years the
trees will be twenty feet high. Hoping that many
of our farmers will plant out largely and profit
thereby, is my wish. GEORGE BR £ ANT.
xv.—what can be done to stimulate sylvicul-
ture?
Washington Irving said: u He that plants a
tree labors for posterity."
The sentiment is a beautiful one> but the
fact itself has been the great obstacle to tree-
planting.
The present emperor of France in his won-
derful development of the material interests
of France has not lost sight of the great ques-
tion of sylviculture. A project is now in exe-
cution to border with trees the principal rail-
road lines of the nation, so that while the
wealth of the country and the beauty of the
landscape will be improved the trains will run
under one continuous and beautiful arbor of
foliage. At the same time it is proposed to
plant largely those trees upon which the silk-
worms feed, so as to add immensely to the
facilities for the silk manufactures of Franco,
from which hundreds of thousands of the French
people derive their subsistence. How vastly
does a slight exercise of human foresight add
to the resources and the happiness of millions I
But withoutforesightriotlungcan be achieved.
He must be something of a philosopher who
plants an orchard from which he can expect no
returns for six, eight, or ten years. He must
possess still more of the higher qualities of the
mind who will set out a grove from which he
will derive no income for ten, fifteen, or twenty
years. Yet he who plants an orchard can hope
to add only to the gratifications of the palate;
while he who helps to dot the landscape with
groves of trees changes the face of nature, adds
enormously to the comfort of mankind, and
increases the area of the cultivable earth. He
