1868.
THE CONXxRBSSIOHAly GLOBE
8001
emancipation of his slaves or any, other cause
which is not illegal or dishonest, may resort to
this act and discharge himself entirely from
his indebtedness. Is not this a consideration
which ought to have weight with us in our dis-
cussions of this constitution, and with the
people of Georgia? We have thus relieved
the suffering people of Georgia, every man of
tbem who is honestly insolvent, from the
pressure of his debts; and he has it in his
power to-day, by a simple proceeding, to dis-
charge himself and become again a free man
by making an assignment of his property for
the benefit of his honest creditors.
Again, sir, this constitution itself makes
very ample provision against almost every case
of hardship that can occur in the State of
Georgia. It declares, in article seven, that:
"1. Each head of a family, or guardian, or trustee,
of a family of minor children, shall be entitled to a
homestead of realty to the value of $2,000 in specie,
and personal property to the value of $1,000 in specie,
both to be valued at the timo they are set apart.
And no court, or ministerial officer in this State,
shall ever have jurisdiction or authority to enforce
any judgment, decree, or execution against said
property so set apart—including sueh improvements
as may bo made thereon, from time to time—except
for taxes, money borrowed and expended in the im-
provement of the homestead, or for the purchase-
money of the same, and lor labor done thereon, or
material furnished therefor, or removal of incum-
brances thereon. And it shall be the duty of the
General Assembly, as early as practicable, to pro-
vide, by law, for the setting apart and valuation of
said property, and to enact laws for the full and com-
plete protection and security of the same to the sole
use and benefit of said families as aforesaid."
Here, I undertake to say, is a larger exemp-
tion of homestead property than exists in any
other State of the Union. If there be any con-
stitution or statute containing a more liberal
provision on that subject, 1 have not yet
seen it.
When the convention of Georgia passed
upon this constitution they contemplated that
Congress might not consent to every clause of
the instrument, and hence they declared in
article eleven, subdivision eleven.
"XI. Should this constitution he ratified by the
people, and Congress accept the same with any qual-
ifications or conditions, the government herein pro-
vided for and the officers elected shall nevertheless
exist and continue in the exercise of their several
functions, as the government of this State, so far as
the same may be consistent with the action of the
United States in the premises."
They have thus invited our attention to this
clause of their constitution; and they have
agreed in the instrument itself that in case
Congress shall dissent from any of its provis-
ions they may do so, and that those provisions
shall not be considered and treated as parts
of their constitution, although the government
of the State is to go on, notwithstanding our
dissent and rejection of objectionable provis-
ions. There was some person in that conven-
tion who saw that there might be an objection
raised here against this clause, proclaiming, as
it does, an almost universal jubilee to the debtor
part of the community in that State; and the
people who voted upon the Constitution and
ratified it have in like manner agreed that we
may revise and correct it as we may see fit.
Now, sir, I propose to avail myself of this
privilege thus extended to us. I cannot con-
sent to this attempt to repudiate honest debts
created before the commencement of the re-
bellion as well as after. I am opposed to this
system of repudiation, (for it is nothing else,)
because where you take away all remedy from
a party, where you say to him there shall be
no court to which he can resort for a remedy,
you as much violate the contract itself as it
you had taken it in your hands and destroyed it.
It is very true, Air. President, that this con-
stitution in a subsequent clause declares that
in case the Assembly shall by law give the
courts jurisdiction over the excluded contracts
they may do so ; but this does not satisfy my
mind. We are called upon as legislators here
to pass upon the propriety of this system of
repudiation, and, for one, I cannot agree to it,
and 1 do not believe the people of Georgia will
complain if we strike it out of their constitu-
tion. I cannot imagine that there can be a
majority of the people of Georgia who are
willing to say to the poor man or to the rich
man who has an honest claim against his neigh-
bor that he shall have no legal means whatever
to enforce it. I do not believe that a majority
of that people have so far forgotten their obli-
gation to the Constitution of the United States;
I do not believe that a majority of them have
so far lost sight of the principles of common
honesty as to deny all remedy to a creditor,
whether he be poor or rich. Sir, it is a viola-
tion of the first principles of civilized govern-
ment ; it is a broad and deliberate departure
from that definition of justice which the Jus-
tiniancode so beautifully expresses: "Justitia
est constcms U per^petua voluntas jus suum
cuiquetribuercwhich, being interpreted into
English, if the Senator-from Massachusetts will
allow me to translate it, [laughter,] means:
"Justice is the constant and perpetual willing-
ness and wish to give to every man that which
is his own.'' This clause denies it.
I hope, therefore, Mr. President, that this
clause in the bill will not be stricken out. The
people of the State of Georgia who haye passed
upon this constitution expect us to act upon it,
and if they entertain that expectation, as they
say they do in the constitution they have sent
us, they must foresee that there can be but one
result in our action upon it; and that is, that
we shall abide by the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, having
concurred, as a member of the Committee on
the Judiciary, in recommending the imposition
of this condition, although I do not believe in
the general policy of imposing conditions on
the admission of States, I beg to assign briefly
my reason for concurring in the report of the
committee.
The constitution proposed by the State of
Georgia provides for its own acceptance by Con-
gress with such qualifications or conditions as
may be thought necessary by the Congress of
the United States ; but I did not suppose that
it was necessary to appeal to this provision of
the constitution of Georgia in order to vindi-
cate the recommendation of the committee.
On the contrary, it seemed to me that this
proposition fell precisely within the principle
of the Missouri case. That constitution, as
was alleged, in defiance of the Constitution of
the United States, attempted to set up an
inequality in its own favor; and it was to level
that distinction, and to conform it to the Consti-
tution of the United States, that Congress im-
posed what was there called a condition. This
case seemed to me to fall within that principle,
because I could not doubt, and after hearing
the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Ohio and of the honorable Senator from Ore-
gon, I still cannot doubt that these provisions
are iu palpable and flagrant conflict with the
Constitutiou of the United States.
I assume, first, Mr. President, that if it be
true that this provision of the constitution of
Georgia does conflict with the provisions of
the national Constitutiou we shall have little
difficulty in harmonizing here upon the prop-
osition that our right extends as far as we are
now asserting it. Indeed, I think upon that
hypothesis there would be but one answer and
one objection to this part of the bill in its pres-
ent form, and that is, that the proposed con-
stitution, infringing upon the Constitution ol
the United States, would be therefore and
thereby void, and thus it would be unnecessary
for us to impose this condition, and its impo-
sition would be surplusage, ihat argument
was made in the case to which I have adverted,
and it may always bemade in these cases ; and
it goes rather to the question of convenience,
to the question of discretion, than Co anyi bi11g
else. It may be said that it is just as well to
commit to the action of the courts, without any
direction from us, the whole question, and
trust to the adjudication there : but the other
view has been accepted repeatedly, and in the
various compacts which have been ^made in
reference to the taxation ot the public lands,
and a variety of things heretofore referred to
iu a previous debate Congress has assumed, so
that I think we may consider that the better
practice, that it is well worth while, on the
threshold, to- point out and give notice of such
repugnancies in proposed constitutions as we
intend to insist upon and denounce as void by
the Constitution of the United States. The
only question then remaining upon this branch
of the subject is, whether the Senator from
Oregon, for example, is right in affirming that
there is nothing here conflicting with the in-
junction of the Federal Constitution that no
State shall pass laws impairing the obligation
of contracts.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to correct the Sen-
ator. I made no such affirmation. I said that
it was a doubtful question as to whether or not
it was in conflict with the Constitution of the
United States; a question upon which men
would differ and did differ, and in consequence
of that it was the province, in my judgment,
of the convention of the people of Georgia to
decide the question for themselves.
Mr. CONKLING. I am going to argue
briefly to the Senate that it is not a question
upon which men differ, or upon which lawyers
can differ, and I am going to ask the Senator
to agree with me, that these provisions are so
palpably in the teeth of the other provision, to
which I will advert, that they cannot stand
together, and that no lawyer can affirm that he
thinks there is a rational doubt on the subject.
We start with a provision iu this constitution
that no judicial an 1 uo executive officer shall
take part in the enforcement of any debt or
obligation created anterior to the year 1868 ;
and there is no redemption, there is no salva-
tion or qualification as to this section, excepting
the provision that the Legislatuie by affirmative
action may rescue certain cases from its opera-
tion. I say there is no qualification, excepting
this, beyond the few isolated and specified
cases which are withdrawn by the constitution.
Thus, then, we have this provision, that no
creditor whatever, with the exception of the
few here described, shall have any remedy now,
or at any time in the future, against his debtor,
unless at some future time the Legislature shall
set up the means by which that remedy is to
be acquired.
Stop there one moment, Mr. President, and
let us see where this proposition falls, tested
by all the cases on this subject, not only the
case of Green vs. Biddle, referred to by the
Senator from Michigan, but a variety of other
cases, some of which I have been looking at
this morning, where the court has said in vari-
ous forms "the Jaws which exist at the time
and place of making the contract, enter into
and form a part of it, and they embrace alike
those which effect its validity, construction,
discharge, and enforcementandseenow how
recently this has been affirmed by the Supreme
Court of the United States, and see how striking
one ease is in particular, which will be familiar
to my honorable friend from Illinois, in which
the decision has been made. There was in the
State of Illinois recently a stay law proposing
to stay for only twelve months, according to
my recollection, the collection of debts, and
that, I think, upon the assent of two thuds of
the creditors, or with some prudential qualifi-
cation of that kind; and that law, the court
said, in 1 Howard, directly interfered wish this
provision of the Federal Constitution, and was
void, proposing merely and literally a postpone-
ment of the remedies by which debts were to
be collected. And so in a variety of other eases
which I have here, embracing every instance
of an insolvent law, whether called by that
name or called a bankrupt law, in which any
State has attempted to unsettle or interfere with
existing debts. And therefore it is, as the hon-
orable Senator from Oregon will remember,
and therefore it was that the Constitution ol tne
United States commits and commits exclu-
sively, as the courts have held over tuid over
again, to the Congress of the United fetates the
power to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy. Were it otherwise, were it in the power
of the Stales to do what, even in the mild con-
struction of the Senator, these provisions mean,
