1808.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Irrigation and Forest Culture—Mr. Donnelly.
Ho. of Reps.
does that which few men are able to do ; lie
leaves a permanent trace of his own existence
upon the bosom of the earth, to stand in stately
monumental beauty long after lie has gone
back to the dust.
I hope the time is not far distant when every
intelligent farmer in the sparsely timbered
regions of the West will set out his grove of
five, ten, or twenty acres, as regularly as he
sets out his orchard. It is our boast that we
Americans are unlike every other race of the
world, and that neither nature nor our institu-
tions can suggest any difficulty which we are
not able to overcome. Hence we have readily
and instinctively revived the irrigation of Asia
upon the shores of the great basin; and we
have brought to the work of mining for the
precious metals in the mountains of California
and Montana a degree of energy, invention,
and skill unparalleled in any other quarter of
the globe.
Shall our great flood-tide of immigration
pause_ at the border of the treeless region, or
shall it press forward, asking nothing of nature
but soil and climate, and carrying with it not
only the railroad for transportation but the
very forest for protection ? If the people who
settled the Atlantic States were willing to toil
for a lifetime to cut out of the dense forest an
" opening" for cultivation, shall not this new
race of pioneers be willing to exact a tithe of
the labor to create a patch of forest as import-
ant to them as the forest ''opening" was to
their ancestors?
We are at the threshold of the^reatest period
of emigration ever known in the history of the
world.
The earliest immigrants to America were
forced away from their homes by a sublime
religious enthusiasm. They chose the wilder-
ness as they would have chosen the block or
the stake, through devotion to their religious
convictions.
The great diffusion of information has loos-
ened the ties which bind men to their homes.
A less motive now suffices to induce emigration.
They have learned that the only escape from the
density of population and the social inequalities
of their native countries is to be found m those
new lands of the earth which are in process of
colonization. Education is producing amid
its other marvelous results an equalizing of
the populations of the world; a general shift-
ing and unrest of enormous masses of men
seeking an increase of their material welfare.
The peace of the Old World, the growth of the
New, and the happiness of mankind will all
be increased by this process, until the time
will come when the excellence of the Govern-
ment of any country will be accurately tested
by the emigration from or the immigration to
its borders.
In this view every foot of the surface of the
earth which can be rendered habitablebecomes
of importance. It may be that the very heart
of the great plains cannot be made fit for the
home of man even by the aid of irrigation ;
but at least we can drive the line of uninhab-
itability far inward ; we can advance the leafy
banners of civilization far toward the center
of the continent, and we can turn the bare
and desolate wilderness into a great garden
of beauty, filled with all the comforts and all
the abundance of civilized life.
III. WHAT HAS BEEN DO.VK IN THE INTEREST OP
FOKEST CULTURE?
On the 23d March, 1807, the Legislature of
the State of Wisconsin passed an act entitled
"An aetrelating to the growth of forest trees,"
creating commissioners to ascertain and report
to the next Legislature in reference to " the
injurious effects upon the climate of destroy-
ing the forests of the State; the_evil conse-
quences to the present and future inhabitants;
the duty of the State in regard to the matter ;
what experiments should be made to perfect
our knowledge of the growth and proper man- ;
ag.uuent of forest trees; the best method of 1
preventing the evil effects of their destruction;
what substitutes for wood can be found in the
State, and generally such facts as maybe most
useful to persons desirous of preserving or in-
creasing the growth of forest and other trees
in the State of Wisconsin."
That commission has now made its report
in a volume of over one hundred pages, which
cannot be too highly praised as an admirable
compendium of facts and opinions upon the
subjects referred to in the act.
I ho progress of man has been precisely eom-
mensuiate with his power to subdue to his
purposes the forces of nature. He found the
whole of Europe a vast expanse of forests,
resounding with the howls of wild beasts. He
sheltered himself from their fury in the caves
of the earth, or in villages built on piles in the
shallow waters of the lakes. But as the im-
mortal- instincts of his intellect worked them-
selves out he drove back and exterminated the
beasts and laid low the forests ; and working
through countless generations, he has trans-
formed the formless wilderness into one con-
tinuous garden ; and the villages in the lakes
have grown into mighty cities, holding out
their arms to all the lands and all the seas.
The world was made for man, and he is its
master. He has transformed it; he has devel-
oped the wild grass of Italy into the wheat
plant, and he has covered with it millions of
acres on continents where nature never placed
it; he has gathered into his garden the fruits
of all lands; he has made of the hardest sub-
stances in nature implements with which to
overcome nature. The fiercest elements bow
to the majesty of his genius ; the subtlest prin-
ciple of the air carries his messages even under
the bosom of the great deep, furrowed by the
ceaseless movements of his innumerable ves-
sels ; the torrent turns his mill wheel; the
winds are his servants; the stars are his chro-
nometers ; the sun becomes his portrait-painter;
he measures the nebulae of the milky way ; he
weighs the planets; he analyzes the light of the
meteors; he tells you the substances of which
the burning comet is composed ; he tunnels
the mountains ; he bridges the streams; he
maps the celestial world, and he surveys the
bottom of the great deep ; and last, and might-
iest triumph of all, he restrains the beast-like
passions of men, and forms a nation held
together by the coherent common sense of
every member of society.
If the people of the West resolve upon it,
they can in the next one hundred years cover
with forests one third of the entire country
between the prairies of Illinois and the sage
bushes of the great plains; and who shall say
what changes such a transformation would work
upon the climate and productions of our entire
country ?
Which is the harder task, for savages
working with stone hatchets and torches to
subdue a primeval forest and tame the wild
luxuriance of its soil, or for civilized, culti-
vated, educated men, with all the helps of
science, to plant along the margins of artificial
streams the seeds of forest trees, and permit
willing nature to do the rest?
Wisconsin has done a great work in taking
the initiative in this matter. I make one or
two extracts from the report in question. It
quotes the following from Mr. J. J. Thomas:
"Isaac Pullen, a wcil known nurseryman of XIlgrTi-
town, Now Jeisey, showed rue lasr summer, ISti-l,
several belts of evergreens which had sprung up
from his nursery rows to a height of twenty-live or
thirty feet in ten years, and he stated that within
the shelter of those screen?, his nursery trees as well
as farm crops averago fifty per cent, more than on
bleak and exposed places. I have known an ordi-
nary iinglish thorn hedge, which had been allowed
to run up twenty feet or more in height, to shelter
and save from winter killing a crop of wheat as far
as its influence extended, while beyond this the grain
was nearly destroyed."
The report continues:
"If tree belts in Xew Jersey have been known to
increase tho production of the land lifty per cent.,
and if one half this increase could be realized in
Wisconsin, thesurplus farm products of the year 18GS
would have netted tho State the sum of $17,300,000.
•t'ns sum would have been added to the wealth of
the State with but very little additional expense.
ninoof
I regret 1 cannot here find space to quote
the numerous interesting facts mentioned in
this report as to the clearly-defined influence
of the destruction of the forests of southern
and eastern Wisconsin upon the crops and
climate of those regions. The report should
be in every farmer's hands. I cannot refrain,
however, from quoting the following:
" Such has been the change in the flow of the Mil-
waukee river, even while the area from which it re-
ceives its supply is but partially cleared, that the
proprietors ot most of the mills and factories have
round it necessary to resort to the use of steam, at a
largely increased yearly cost to supply thedeficieney
ot water power m dry seasons of the year. The Men-
omonee river, a small tributary of the Milwaukee,
has been oftected in thesame way and to a still greater
extent, because a large proportion of the water sup-
plying area has been stripped of its forest trees. Sev-
eral ofthe mills thatformerly found sufficient power
on this stream have been entirely abandoned, others
are propelled a largo share of the time by steam." *
. * t "What has happened to the Milwaukee
river and to those smaller streams has happened to
all the other water courses in the State, from whose
banks the forests have been removed."
"In the State of Michigan it has been found that
the winters have greatly increased in severity within
the last forty years, and that this increased severity
seems to move along even paced with the destruc-
tion oi the forests. Thirty years ago tho peach was
one of the most abundant fruits of that State; at that
time frost—injurious to corn at anytime—from May
to October, was a thing unknown. JSiow the peach
is an uncertain crop, and frost ofcen injures the corn."
I find in one of the newspapers of the day
the following:
"a bill has been introduced into the California
Legislature to encourago the planting of shade tiees.
It is strange thntsuch legislation is necessary in that
land of big trees, but it is a fact that the waste and
destruction of timber by tho settlers of California
have bared the soil in many places to the sun and
winds for miles, and changed tho cool groves and
pleasant shady spots to dusty plains, as inuocent of
trees a3 the Arabian desert. This is especially tho
case upon the jiuhlie roads. 'With the most attract-
ive rural scenery in the world,' says a San Francisco
journal, 4 we have the dreariest roads and the bald-
est country houses and villages of any State in tho
Union. For fifteen years a warfare has been made
upon the trees growing upon the plains and along
thoroughfares uutil fow of them are now left.'
"It was one of the barbarous customs of the early
settlers to cut down the trees in the neighborhood of
their houses and whitewash the stumps, as a cheap
and easy method at oneo of clearing tho land and
'marking'the road; and this wholesale destruction
was carried on with such utter Jack of caution and
judgment, that whole regions are now neaily dosti-
tuteof the protection and advantages given to the
soil and to its cultivation by the presence of forest
trees. The consequences are that the winds have full
sweep and the sun and and storms full play through-
out those regions; their fruitfulness is impaired and
the health and comfort of the residents materially
diminished, to say nothing of the desolate and mo-
notonous aspect of these long reaches of shadeless
roads, bald fields, and staring houses/'
Michigan has already taken action in this
matter. . In 18C7 a committee of the House
of Representatives of that State reported to
that body on the subject of forest trees, and
stated that last year the loss on all that pait
of the State lying south of the Michigan Cen-
tral railroad was estimated at no less than
three fourths of their entire wheat crop! From
what inquiries they had been able to make the
loss on the wheat crop alone of that State for
the last four years is not less than $20,000,000.
They fear that these vast losses are bat ''the
beginning of sorrow," and "that the improv-
idence which laid open their fields to that
scourge of God, the southwest wind, by the
wholesale destruction of the forests, is now
only beginning to reap its fruit?, and that these
losses can only be avoided by restoring, in
part at least, the natural boundaries against
the wind."
I make one more extract from this highly
valuable document:
" !Now, if we look over the State, we will see that
in the southern, most populous, and least wooded
portion of the State of Wisconsin the forests have
been destroyed at such a rate that they do not yield
a supply adequate for the wants of the present inhab-
itants; and the forests of the northern region, here-
tofore considered the inexhaustible storehouse of
