1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ation of this bill it will then go over until
Monday morning after the morning hour.
Mr. BINGHAM. If I understood the gen-
tleman the bill is to go over until Monday,
ftud the previous question is to be sustained
immediately upon the expiration of the morn-
iug hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That was
the proposition.
Mr. BINGHAM. If that pleases the House
I have no objection to it.
Mr. BLAINE. Is it the understanding that
the session of to-morrow shall be devoted to
debate on this bill or general debate?
The SPEAKER. General debate, as the
Chair understands.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not know that I have
any objection to that. Any gentleman who
wants to discuss this bill to-morrow can do so.
I desire, however, that the vote shall be taken
on Monday after the morning hour, subject to
my right to close the debate at that time.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
that will be the understanding.
There was no objection.
REDUCTION OP THE CURRENCY.
Mr. 8CHENCK, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee of Ways and
Means the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 213) entitled ''An act to sus-
pend further reduction of the currency."
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask that the bill of the
House and after that the substitute proposed
by the Senate be read.
The Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted. That from and after the passage of
this act the authority of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to make any reduction of the currency by retir-
ing or canceling United States notes shall be, and it
hereby, suspended.
The Clerk read the amendment of the Sen-
ate, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following:
That so mueh of the aet approved April 12, 1866,
entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to
provide ways and means to support the Govern-
ment,' " approved March 3,1865, as provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury may retire and cancel
United States notes to the extent of $4,01)0,000 per
month be, and the same is hereby, suspended; and
the amount of such notes now existing shall not be
further reduced until Congress otherwise provides.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, it-is not my
purpose to delay the progress of the important
business now demanding the consideration of
the House; but the committee have thought it
advisable that this subject should be in some
way immediately disposed of, so that the coun-
try may be set at rest as soon as possible in
regard to the legislation affecting the contrac-
tion or expansion of the currency. If the
House will give me its attention for less than
ten minutes I think I can show what is the
precise issue between the House and the Sen-
ate on this subject.
Every one will admit that the House bill is
at least not hard to be understood. In some
four or five lines of manuscript is condensed
the whole idea of the House as emphatically
expressed upon this subject. Let me read.
The bill provides—
That from and after the passage of this act the
authority of the Secretary of the Treasury to make
any reduction of the currency by retiring or cancel-
ing United States notes shall be, and is hereby, sus-
pended.
This, in plain, simple, direct, positive lan-
guage, puts an end for the present to any fur-
ther exercise on the part of the Secretary of
the Treasury of the power which he has held
to withdraw United States notes, and thus
reduce the volume of currency needed for the
business of the country.
The Senate propose to strike out that pro-
vision and insert as a substitute the following:
That so much of the act approved April 12,1866,
entitled " An act to amend an act entitled ' An act to
provide waysand means to support the Government "*
approved March 3,1865, as provides' that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may retire and cancel United
States notes to the extent of $4,000,000 per monthbe,
and the same is hereby, suspended: and the amount
ot such notes now existing shall not he further
reduced until Congress otherwise provides.
It is here declared that so much of the act
40th Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 38.
as provides that the Secretary of the Treasury
may retire and cancel United States notes to
the extent of $4,000,000 per month shall be
suspended. The first remark I have to make
on this is that there is no such provision of
! law as the Senate recites. Let me read the
i first section of the act of April 12, 18GG, so
much of which is to be repealed as in the
opinion of the Senate gives the Secretary of
the Treasury power to cancel $4,000,000 of
the currency per month.
The first section of the act of April 12, 1860,
provides:
"That the act entitled 'An act to provide ways
and means to support the Government,' approved
March 3,1865, shall be extended and construed to
aut horize the Secretary of the Treasury, at his dis-
cretion, to receive any Treasury notes or otherobli-
gations issued under any act of Congress, whether
bearing interest or not, in exchange for any descrip-
tion of bonds authorized by the aet to which this is
an amendment; and also to dispose of any descrip-
tion of bonds authorized by said aet, either in the
United States or elsewhere, to such an amount, in
: such manner, and at such rates as he may think ad-
visable, lor lawtul money of the United States, or for
any Treasury notes, certificates of indebtedness, or
> certificates of depositor other representatives of
value, which have been or which may be issued under
any aet of Congress, the proceeds thereof to bo used
only for retiring Treasury notes or other obligations
issued under any act of Congress; but nothing herein
contained shal 1 be construed to authorize any increase
of the public debt: Provided, That of United States
notes not more than $10,000,000 may be retired and
canceled within six months from the passage ot' this
act, and thereafter not more than $4,000,000 in any
one month."
It will be observed that the legislation of the
Senate relates to this last proviso, that not
more than $10,000,00(0 may be retired and
canceled within six months after the passage
of the act. The act was passed April 12, 1866,
and the six months expired October 12, 1866.
Within that period $10,000,000 might be with-
drawn, and"" thereafter," the proviso proceeds,
'Idiot, more than $4,000,000 in any one month.'1
The Senate refer to this as a provision "that
the Secretary of the Treasury may retire and
cancel United States notes to the extent of
$4,000,000 per month," and they provide that
fhia shall be suspended. Now, the Secretary
of the Treasury had a general power, which was
reaffirmed by the act of April 12, 1866, to retire
these notes at his discretion; but the effect of
the proviso was to declare that after the 12th
of October, 1866, the Secretary of the Treasury
should not retire more than $4,000,000 in any
one month, not to declare that he should retire
$4,000,000. The peculiarity of this legislation
is that it does not confer any power upon the
Secretary of the Treasury, but restricts the
power previously given. Before that restric-
tion was imposed he could at his- discretion
retire these notes. But this act provided that
after October 12, 1866, six months after its
j passage, the exercise of his power should be
; limited 80 that he should not retire more than
| $4,000,000 per month.
j Now, what do the Senate do? They pro-
pose in effect (whether that was the intention
i or not) to remove the restriction and thus
throw the matter open, so that the Secretary
of the Treasury may at his discretion retire
these notes to an unlimited extent. Discov-
ering, apparently, what they had done they
I inserted this additional clause, conflicting with
I the first part of the bill:
! And the amount of such notes now existing shall
not be further reduoed until Congress otherwise pro-
vides.
This legislation of the Senate—and I say it
; with all due respect to that body—amounts, as
: 1 understand, to this: they find that by the
law as originally enacted, before being re-
I stricted by the act of April 12, 1866, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury had full authority at
his discretion to withdraw these notes. Then
there was a restriction provided that within six
months from April 12, 1866, the Secretary
should retire only $10,000,000, and after Oc-
tober 12, 1866, not more than $4,000,000 per
month. The Senate, in their description of
this act, omit the words "not more than,"
thus in effect repealing the restriction; and
if the bill stopped there the whole matter
would be thrown open to the power of the
Secretary. The Senate, however, add two
lines which repeal their repeal. The Secre-
tary having had the power to withdraw these
notes at his discretion, his power of with-
drawal was afterward restricted to not more
than $4,000,000 a month. The Senate pro-
vision would take away that restriction; and
seeing that the effect would be to throw the
whole thing open, they add this language:
| "And the amount of such notes now existing
, shall not be further reduced until Congress
| otherwise provides," thus repealing their sus-
pension to a certain extent, and accomplish-
ing, by this ambiguous phraseology, if any-
■ thing be accomplished, an object which the
House proposes to accomplish in a direct,
i plain, unmistakable manner, the House hav-
j ing simply said that " from and after the pas-
| sage of this act the authority of the Secretary
I of the Treasury to make any reduction of the
; currency, by retiring or canceling United
| States notes, shall be, and is hereby, sus-
J pended."
And instead of that plain, direct provision
sent to them in the shape of the enactment
! by the House they substitute another pro-
vision, from which it may be inferred by fair
] construction perhaps that currency of that
i kind is not to be reduced below what it is at
: the date of the passage of this bill, but you
can only get it by inference. I report back the
bill, therefore, with the unanimous recom-
mendation of the committee, all being present
but one member at the time, that the House
non-concur in this Senate substitute and adhere
to their own simple, plain, positive bill. I now
demand the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
does not ask that the House shall adhere, which
is a final motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I mean only to non-con-
cur, leaving it to the Senate to ask a committee
of conference.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the Senate amendment was non-
concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the Senate
was non-coneurred in ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECONSTRUCTION.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 439) additional and
supplementary to an act entitled "An act to
provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States," passed March 2, 1867, and
the acts supplementary thereto; upon which
Mr. Boutwell was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I yield twenty minutes
of my time to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfiewj,] chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I shall
spend none of the few minutes given to me in
discussing the constitutionality or propriety of
the first section of this bill. Whatever may
be the opinions of any gentleman here, the
doctrine involved in that section was decided
by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and thatdecision
was ratified by the people when_ the Fortieth
Congress was elected. No political issue was
more clearly defined or taore decisively set-
tled. Let me remind the House what that issue
involved and what was decided by the result.
The President and his followers held that,
though the rebellion had overthrown all civil
government in the rebel States, yet he, as the
head of the Federal Government, had set up
new governments, which he deemed republican
in form, and which were therefore entitled to
representation in Congress.
Congress denied the authority of the Presi-
dent to build State governments, and claimed
that by the dscision of the Supreme Court it
was made the duty of Congress to provide for
carrying into effect that clause of the Constitu-
tion which declares that—
" The United States «hall guaranty to every Stat*
in the Union a republican form of Gt Tinmoot"
