1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4025
I wish to make a statement to the Senate in
regard to a bill that is pending between the
two Houses on an amendment. It is the bill
(S. No. 352) to authorize the temporary supply
of vacancies in the Executive Departments. It
belongs to that class of bills which ought to be
passed early that it may go to the Executive,
it is pending now on an amendment of the
House of Represeulatives, andin the Judiciary
Committee we have agreed to the House amend-
ment with a slight amendment which we have
recommended. I do not think it will take
three minutes to dispose of it. I was very j
anxious yesterday to dispose of it, but the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] wanted
to look at it.
Mr. HOWARD. Let us take a vote on this
bill first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If you will lay it aside
for a moment after it is taken up in order to
have this amendment disposed of I will not
object.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
Mr. CATTELL. I must object to taking up
the bill of the Senator from Michigan if it is
to supplant the bill which I have moved that,
the Senate proceed to the consideration of. It
is a bill that ought to be disposed of. I have
been instructed by the Committee on Finance
to insist upon the consideration of the bill. I
am sorry ever to interfere with a Senator, but
I am constrained, as a matter of duty, to do it
on the present occasion.
Mr. HOWARD. I have this to say in reply:
if I can get this bill up and read that will sat-
isfy me for the present, and I will throw no
more embarrassment in the way of other gen-
tlemen ; but I want to put this bill in a way so
that at the proper time I can have it passed.
Mr. CATTELL. Will the Senator from
Michigan give way to this bill afterward ?
Mr. HO WARD. After the bill is read I will
yield.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan.
The motion was not agreed to.
VACANCIES IN EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
amendment to the bill which I have indicated,
which I am sure will take buta moment or two.
I assure the Senator from New Jersey that it
will take no time scarcely, and it is important
that it should go back to the House.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to tbe bill (S. No.
352) to authorize the temporary supply of va-
cancies in the Executive Departments. The
amendment of the House was to strike out all
of the original bill after the enacting clause
and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
-That in case of the death, resignation, absence,
or sickness of the head of any executive Department
of the Government, the first or sole assistant thereof
shall, unless otherwise directed by the President of
the UnitedStates, as is hereinafter provided, perform
tile duties of such head until a buccessor be ap-
pointed, or such absence or sickness shall cease.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in case of
the death, resignation, absence, or sickness of the
chief of any bureau, or of any officer thereof whose
appointment is not in the head of any executive
Department, the deputy of such chicf or such officer,
or if there be no deputy then the chief clerk of such
bureau, shall, unless othcrwisedirectod by the Presi-
dent of theUnited States, as is hereinafter provided,
perform the duties of such chief or of such officer
until a successor be appointed or such absence or
sickness shall cease.
Skc. 3. And be it farther enacted. That in any of
the eases hereinbefore mentioned it shall be lawful
foi the President of the United States, in his discre-
tion, to authorize and direct the head of any other
executive Department or other officer in either of
those Departments whose appointment is, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, vested in
the President, to perform the duties of the office
vacant as aforesaid until a successor be appointed, ^
or the sickness or absence of the incumbent shall
cease; Provided, That nothing in this aet shall au-
thorize the supplying as aforesaid a vacancy for a
longer period than ten days when such vacancy shall
bo occasioned by death or resignation, and the officer
so peiforming the duties of the office temporarily
vacant shall not be entitled to extra compensation
therefor. , 1 .
Sue. 4. And be it further enacted. That all acts here-
tofore passed on the subject of temporarily supply-
ing vacancies in tile Executive Departments, or
which empower the President to authorize any per-
son or persons to perform the duties of the head of
any executive Department, or of anyofficer in either
of the Departments, in case of a vacancy therein or
inability of such in ad of a Department or officer to
discharge the duties of his office, and ail laws incon-
sistent with the provisions of this act be, and tho
same are hereby, repealed.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported an
ameudmenttothe House amendment, to insert
at the end of the third section the following:
And provided also. That incase of the death, resig-
nation, absence, or sickness of the Commissioner of
Patents, tho duties of said Commissioner, until a suc-
cessor shall be appointed or such absence orsickness
shall ceosc, shall devolve upon one of the examiners
in chief in said office, to bo designated by the Pres-
ident.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is another slight
amendment before that, to insert the words
" except the Commissioner of Patents" after
the word "thereof," in line three of section
two.
Mr. CONKLING. That is really part of
the same amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment of
the House as amended.
Mr. WILLIAMS. We ought to know what
that is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is printed and on
your table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If there is no special
objection, before this bill passes I should like
to offer an amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think there is
any objection to the amendment the Senator
from Vermont wishes to offer. I think it
means that now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So do I: but we have had
so much discussion about these loose and
latitudinarian powers that I wish to offer an
amendment to come in at the end of the second
section, and which will read as follows:
And no appointment, designation, or assignment
otherwise than as herein provided in the cases men-
tioned in the first and second sections of this act
shall be made, except to fill a vacancy happening
during the recess of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives, as amended, was concurred in.
WASHINGTON TAKGET-SHOOTING ASSOCIATION.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following re-
port :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 344) to
incorporate the "Washington Target-Shooting Asso-
ciation" m the District of Columbia, having met,
after full and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses,
as follows:
That the House recede from its disagreement to tho
"amendment ot the Senate to the said bill, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows :
Strike out of said amendment, after the word "pro-
vided," in the first line, the following words: "The
amount of real property or estate to be held by the
said association shall not exceed in value the sum
of $50,000; and provided further that."
JAMES HARLAN,
GEORGE V1CKEKS,
ROSCOEOOXKLING,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JOHN D. BALDWIN,
M. WELKEK,
A. J. GLOSSBRENNER,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
TEMPORARY" LOAN CERTIFICATES.
Mr. CATTELL. I now move to proceed to
the consideration of the bill (S. No. 543) to
provide for a further issue of temporary loan
certificates, for the purpose of redeeming and
retiring the remainder of the outstanding com-
pound-interest notes.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not like to oppose
these bills from the Committee on Finance,
but they have every day after one o'clock, and
they will have during the whole session; but
for them to occupy the morning hour, and then
every day from one o'clock out, seems to me to
be a little too much.
The motion was agreed to : and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (8. No. 54-3) to pro-
vide for a further issue of temporary loan cer
tificates, for the purpose of redeeming and
retiring the remainder of the outstanding com-
pound-interest notes, tbe pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Trumbull, to
strike out all of the bill after the enacting
clause and in lieu thereof to insert:
That for the purpose of redeeming and retiring
tho remainder of the compound-interest notes, sav-
, ing tho unnecessary paymentof interest, and rcduc-
i ing the public debt, the Secretary of the Treasury is
I hereby authorized and directed to make sale of
: 410,000,000 of the surplus coin in the Treasury of tho
United States, on the first Monday of the month of
August next, and on Ihefirst Monday of every month
thereafter, till the amount ot com in the Treasury,
exclusive of thatforwhich gold certificates of deposit
shall have been given, shall be rcdueed to the sum
of $40,000,000, the sale to be made in manner fol-
lowing: the Secretary shall give five days' public
notice m one daily newspaper published in each of
the cities ot Washington and New York, that sealed
proposals for $10,000,000 of gold coin will be received
I at tho office of the Assistant Treasurer in the city
! of New York till three o'clock p. m. ol tho day
i appointed for tbe sale. Such proposals shall be
| addressed to the Assistant Treasurer at NewYoik,
and shall bo opened by him in the presence of sueh
persons as may choose to attend at the time desig-
nated in the notice. No proposals shall be received
unless accompanied by a certificate of deposit in the
Treasury of the United States of five per cent, in cur-
rency ot tbe amount of coin bid for in such pro-
posal, which shall bo received in part pay for the
coin bid for, in case the bid is accepted, and if not
accepted, shall be returned to the party who made
the bid. Payments may be received for coin in cur-
rency or compound-interest notes with the interest
accrued thereon. When compound-interest notes
are received they shall be canceled by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and with the currency received he
shall purchase and cancel any interest-bearing in-
debtedness of the United States, paying t .erefor not
exceeding its current market value at the time.
None but the highest bid shall be accepted for gold;
and in ease of different bids at the same rate, said
bids shall be accepted only pro rata; and the Assist-
ant Treasurer, with the approval of the Secretary
of the Treasury, shall have the right to reject all or
any bids if deemed by him less than the fair value
of gold at the time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When the morning hour
expired some days ago, I was addressing the
Senate upon the subject of that amendment.
I shall not repeat this morning what I said on
that occasion, and will say nothing more, as I
wish to take up no time unnecessarily; but I
simply beg to call the attention of the Senate
to what it is, as there are some Senators now
present who were not here on that occasion,
and it may have passed out of the minds of
others.
The object of my amendment is to dispose
of the gold in the Treasury. I presented tables
when up before showing that the^ average
amount of gold per month in the Treasury
during the last year exceeded eighty-three mil-
lion dollars, beside about about twenty million
dollars for which certificates of deposit had
been issued. I also showed that the amount
of currency in the Treasury during the same
period averaged something over thirty-four
million dollars, and that the two together, the
gold being turned into currency at its market
price, would make a sum of more than one
hundred and fifty million dollars which lay in the
Treasury idle during the whole of the last year.
The tables which I have also show that the
amount which lay idle in the Treasury during
the previous year was about the same ; so that
during the last two years there has been in the
Treasury of the United States at all times from
eighty to one hundred millions of coin lying
idle, and from thirty to forty millions of cur-
rency, which I undertook to show was very bad
economy; and I have proposed an amendment
to this bill the object of which is to dispose ot
this gold. The amendment is in print and on
the tables of Senators. It provides for dispos-
ing of this gold in the city of New York at the
rate of $10,000,000 per month until the amount
is reduced to $40,000,000, not to be reduced
below that, and the gold to be sold on propo-
I sals, and to be awarded to those who give the
highest price for it, after giving five days' notice
in the papers of New York and Washington
city, so as to have the benefit of this gold. If
the gold which has been in the Treasury for the
last two years had been sold and used by the
Government, it wottld have sayed the Govern-
