1978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
aside informally for a few moments, for I tliink
we shall dispose of this bill as soon as I can
state what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unani-
mous consent the Senator can proceed, not
otherwise. No objection being made the Sen-
ator will proceed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course itis notcom-
petei.t for Congress to remove the disabilities
of age and citizenship which are imposed by
the Constitution, and I presume the House of
Representatives did not mean that; and yet
their bill so reads, and removes any disabilities
provided by any provision of the Constitution
of the United States. It being necessary to
amend the House bill, we have amended it so
as to incorporate into this bill also House bill
No. 869, so far as it relates to Mr. Butler, and
wo have required him to take the oath in the
same language as was required in House bill
No. 869.
Willi this explanation I hope the Senate may
be disposed to pass the bill.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I observe that in the
amendment proposed by the committee there
is this clause: " Any disabilities imposed by
the Constitution" upon the person proposed to
be relieved. I understand that that has refer-
once to the proposed fourteenth constitutional
amendment. If so we are about passing a bill
hero which is to give a decision or express an
opinion by Congress as to the present opera-
tion of that amendment. This bill, as I un-
derstand it, professes to treat that fourteenth
amendment as a valid part of the Constitution.
If I am mistaken in that I shall be glad to
have myself corrected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Itis not the intention
of the committee to pass upon that question at
all, and the bill was framed in the alternative,
in the way that it is, to avoid any decision of
that question. If the constitutional amend-
ment is in force the bill will relievo him from
any disability imposed by it. If it is not in
force the bill will relieve him from the dis-
ability imposed by the reconstruction acts. If.
the Senator from Pennsylvania will look at the
language he will see that it reads, " that any
disabilities imposed by the Constitution or acts
of Congress known as the reconstruction acts."
Wo know that the reconstruction acts of Con-
gress do impose disabilities. Now, if an}' are
imposed by the Constitution or acts of Con-
gress they are relieved; and wo put it in that
form with a view of avoiding a controversy
which it was anticipated might arise if we un-
dertook to either recognize or refuse to re-
cognize the fourteenth amendment as adopted.
That is the view which the committee had of it,
and that is my own view of it: that we do not
commit ourselves one way or the other.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to amend the
amendment in the second line by striking out
the words "Constitution or;" so that it will
read:
That any disabilities imposed by the nets of Con-
greed known as the rcoun^ructiou acts, &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, there is
no possible pretense that any constitutionalpro-
vision would disqualify this applicant for mem-
bership in the House of Representatives unless
it be the particular amendmentto which I refer
popularly known now as the fourteenth pro
posed amendment to the Constitution of the
United States. 1 insist, therefore, that the
retention of these words will have the effect
of recognizing that fourteenth constitutional
amendment as possibly or probably an existing
and valid provision of the Constitution. There
can be no reason in the world for inserting
those words if that amendment is not now in
force. . Then it will only be necessary that
tliis bill shall repeal the disqualifications im-
posed by the reconstruction laws.
There is another difficulty in this connec-
tion. The Senator from Illinois has explained
that that language is put in this amendment, in
the alternative in order that either view with
reference to that amendment may prevail;
that gentlemen who think the constitutional
amendment is already adopted may vote for
this bill, and that those who think it has not
been adopted may also vote for it. I under-
stand that to be his explanation, that he de-
sires to avoid any decision whatever at present
by the two Houses of Congress upon that ques-
tion. That, perhaps, may be a reasonable view,
judged from the point from which he views
this subject. But observe, sir, that in the one
case perhaps a two-thirds vote would be neces-
sary to the enactment of this measure, and in
the other case perhaps only a majority vote
of the two Houses. Now, sir, how is our vote
to be taken? How is it to be recorded? Is
this bill to require a two-thirds vote upon the
Journals of each House, and is it to be so cer-
tified when it is placed upon the statute-book
in order that it shall have effect? The bill, as
proposecUto be amended, does not seem to
take that consideration into account; and yet
I suppose it to be involved, and directly in-
volved, in the adoption of the amendment
which the committee have proposed.
While I am up I will suggest that this case
is not a ease similar to that of Senator Patter-
son, as stated by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not mean to be
understood as saying that it was similar in its
facts, but that it was similar in the effort to
relievo a party from taking a portion of the
oath. I do not say that it is the same case in
regard to the facts that existed in reference to
the two individuals. I meant merely to say
that the Senate took similar action in regard
to a claimant to a seat here to relieve him as
is now taken by the House of Representatives ;
that is all.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, the ex-
planation is quite timely and proper. In the
former case—the case of Senator Patterson,
of Tennessee—there was no question that at all
times from the commencement of the rebellion
down to the time when he appeared in the
Senate claiming a seat here he had been de-
voted to the Government of the United States.
There was no pretense that upon any occasion
he had rendered, in point of fact and with in-
tention, aid and encouragement to the enemies
of the United States. There was no difficulty
in the case alleged in any quarter, except the
technical fact that he had held a judicial office
after the rebellion broke out under the govern-
ment of Tennessee. To remove that difficulty
in his case the Senate, at the instance of the
Senator from Illinois, passed a bill removing
in that ease the requirement of law that the
iron-clad oath should be taken by that appli-
cant for a seat. What took place? We sent
that bill over to the House of Representatives;
and what did they do? They refused, by a
vote of two to one, I think, or probably more,
to pass it. By a very largo vote, indeed, they
rejected it; they voted it down; they threw it
back in our faces; they refused to remove the
supposed disability in a case where the appli-
cant had at all times been true to the Govern-
ment of the United States, and had exhibited
his patriotism in a most signal manner in his
own State, where there was 110 question wiih
reference to his record, with reference to his
motives, with reference to his conduct, when
the essential characteristics of that conduct
came to be considered. In that case the House
of Representatives refused to pass a bill re-
moving a supposed disability.
Here, however, they send us a bill with refer-
ence to a gentleman claiming membership in
their House. The ease is reversed. Here is
an applicant asking membership in the House ;
and it would seem the House desire to admit
him for some reason or other—a man with a
disloyal record, to use the ordinary term,
square and distinct, about which there can be
110 doubt or question. The House of Repre-
sentatives send us a bill to dispense with the
existing oath required by law which will ex-
elude that man from membership in their body.
Of course I desire to speak with ail due re-
I spect for that branch of Congress; but one
1 thing is manifest: that they now ask us to do
the very thing which they refused to-do at our
request on a former occasion. More than that:
they ask us to remove the disability in the case
of a man whose disloyalty during a portion of
the war is unquestionable, when they refused
to remove a technical difficulty or objection in
the case of a man whose loyalty was unques-
tioned. Now, it occurs to me that, so far as
the House of Representatives is concerned,
they could make no objection, they could make
110 complaint, if we refused to pass their bill
and left them in this case to the existing laws
of the United States. In theformer case, upon
further consideration, a majority of the Sen-
ate thought that the oath might be administered
and might be taken under the existing law.
'That was the decision of the Senate upon fur-
ther consideration, and eventually we acted
without the concurrence of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, I call for the ord.er
of the day. This bill will evidently lead to a
long debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If theSenatorfromPenn-
sylvania is going to debate it sit any length of
course it must go over; but if not, I should be
glad to have it acted upon now.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not wish to post-
pone the measure myself.
Mr. SHERMAN. Other Senators wish to
speak upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not aware of any
other Senator who desires to speak. Suppose
we see if we cannot dispose of it in a short
time. If we cannot, I will agree to let i.go
over.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hear Senators around
me say that they desire to debate it, and as the
tax bill must pass to-day I trust the Senator
will not persist in pressing this bill now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I certainly shall not if
it is going to be debated; but I wanted to see
if we could not act upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday is before tko
Senate.
TAX ON MANUFACTURES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 900) to exempt certain
manufactures from internal tax.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring m the amendments made
as in Committee of the W-hole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for a separate vote
on the amendment with regard to petroleum.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for a separate vote
on the amendments of the Committee on Fi-
nance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments will be taken up separately. The ques-
tion will be on concurring in the first amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole,
which will bo read.
The Secretary read the first amendment,
which was in section one, line seventeen, after
the word ''cheroots" to insert:
On turpentine, on coffee roasted or ground, and
articles intended as substitutes for eotlee, spices, and
mustard, on reiined sugars, and on the products of
sugar refiners, on sugar candy and confectionery, and
on diamonds, emeralds, precious atones and imita-
tions thereof, and on all jewelry.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words "on
refined sugars, and on the products of sugar
refiners."
If this amendment sjiould prevail it wonld
leave the bill, as far as these articles are con-
cerned, precisely as it came from the House
of Representatives. This is a bill to relieve
the domestic industry of the country. It is not
to be supposed that in the "large number of
articles that are relieved each one is aliko
prosperous, or the reverse. It is not to bo
supposed that any one article will be excepted
unless it can be shown that that article can
afford to pay the tax better than others; that
there is a good reason for such an exception.
I have not been able to understand that there
