478
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 24,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Raum.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
wood for the adjoining treeless districts, "will soon be
so reduced that the people must look elsewhere tor
their supplies unless abettor policy in regard to them
foe speedily adopted.1'
If heavily-wooded Michigan and Wisconsin
are already becoming alarmed at the decrease
of their forests and the injurious effects which j
their destruction produces on the climate, what j
shall we say of Iowa, southern and southwestern j
Minnesota, Nebraska, Dakota, Kansas, and
all the rest of the great treeless region which
stretches to the Rocky mountains? Without
trees nine tenths of this region must continue
uninhabitable. Without water the cultivation
of trees on the great plains will be difficult.
In this region it will be wise for Congress to
adopt some such policy as that suggested in
the beginning of these remarks. If grants of
land have led to the building of railroads where
means of transportation were a necessity, will
not similar grants lead to the dissemination
of water and the planting of forests where
forests and water are even as necessary as
railroads ? It will cost less to irrigate a mile
and plant and protect forests thereon than it
will to construct a mile of railroad, and the
latter will be even more remunerative than the
former.
The Government might also very properly
give grants of land to institutions of learning,
such as colleges and universities, situate in
the treeless States to enable them to experi-
ment in the planting and growth of forests.
The homestead law should also be amended
so that whenever the claim of the settler does
not contain any timber, and is five miles dis-
tant from any considerable body of forest, he
should be required to plant with trees at least
ten acres of the one hundred and sixty acres
taken by him, and to protect the same until
the expiration of his five years of settlement.
This might at first seem an onerous require-
ment, but the settler would soon see that he
derived all the benefits of his own labor, while
the grove thus planted would add largely to
the value of his land. An extensive tract of
country so dotted over with groves of ten acres
each would be transformed, not only in appear-
ance, but in its climatic conditions, while its
productive power would be largely increased
by the protection the growing crops would
receive from the sweeping winds.
The Agicultural Department, instead of flood-
ing the country with common garden seeds,
which can be procured at any seed-shop, should
collect large quantities of the best forest-tree
seeds and send them with accompanying direc-
tions to those on the frontiers who might apply
therefor. A very few thousand dollars thus
expended annually would produce an incalcu-
lable amount of good, which would be felt for
many succeeding generations.
Mainly, however, in such n work, we must
rely upon the wisely directed efforts of indi-
viduals, and on a healthy public sentiment to
sustain them and to direct local legislation.
The diffusion of information will do good. The
example of a few far-sighted citizens in each
community will be followed by a horde of imi-
tators. This process is already at work. It is
credibly asserted that there is more timber
to-day in Illinois and Iowa than there was
thirty-five years ago, and for the reason that
from the very first the people felt the necessity
for trees ; they could not afford to recklessly
destroy them, and they have set themselves
to work to plant and protect them.
In the treeless regions every spot of land
which shows a tendency to grow to brush
shouldbe carefully protected from fire and cat-
tle. Such aspotis nature's hint—the prophecy
of a forest. W here experiments are made they
should be made upon such lands or those of a
kindred quality. The banks of lakes, stream':,
and marshes should be taken advantage of, for
there the moisture in the earth will compensate
in part for the dryness of the atmosphere,
whils even the atmosphere itself is modified
by the proximity of any considerable body
of water. The farmer should plant his groves
on those sides of his land from which the pre-
vailing winds blow, and in such form as will
afford the greatest amount of protection to the
growing crops. The subject of forest planting
should be taken up by the agricultural journals
and farmers' clubs of the West, and premiums
be given to those who do most to develop the
subject, either by essays or experiments.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. GREEN B. RAUM,
of illinois j
Ik the House of Representatives,
July 24, 1868.
Tho Ilouse having under consideration the bill to
provide for tho more speedy reorganization of the
States of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas, and for
other purposes-
Mr. RAUM said:
Mr. Speaker : The country will not be sur-
prised to see that no measure supported by the
majority on this floor for the reconstruction of
the rebel States meets the approbation of gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House.
The reason, sir, is obvious. They hold to the
proposition that when the rebellion was sup-
pressed by the valor of our soldiers the people
of the rebel States were entitled to and resumed
all the rights and privileges which they pos-
sessed before the war, while wo hold that by
treason and rebellion the loyal State govern-
ments were destroyed, and that the people of
the rebel States abdicated the right of self-gov-
ernment, and could only be restored to their
former rights in pursuance of laws enacted by
Congress, and that governments in the South
could be established only by the same authority.
These inconsistent theories necessarily cause
an antagonism between the Republican major-
ity and the Democratic minority in Congress.
The real question involved in the contest of
parties is whether loyal men or disloyal men
shall rule this country ; whether the men who
voted and fought to preserve and maintain lib-
erty and union in the United States shall con-
trol the destinies of this great Republic, or
whether the criminal men of the South who
fought for slavery and disunion and their allies
in the North shall rule the country. This is
the issue, the true issue, and it is upon this
issue that parties must go to battle in the pres-
ent campaign.
At the close of the war, Congress not being
in session, Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, undertook without authority
of law to establish civil governments in the
rebel States. Forgetful of the fact that he owed
his election to the office of Vice President to
the votes of loyal men, ho proceeded to rebuild
the shattered fragments of State governments
in the South upon disloyal foundations. But
the Congress of the United States determined
that loyalty should be the foundation upon
which should rest civil governments in those
States lately torn by rebellion.
And, sir, it was for the law-making power
of tho land to settle by acts of legislation the
terms upon which rebels should be restored to
political rights under the Constitution, and to
settle the mode and manner that civil govern-
ments should be reestablished m the South.
Congress has undertaken to do this, and has
passed laws for that purpose which have com-
mended themselves to the people of this coun-
try as being founded in wisdom and justice.
But, sir, the Democratic party has at all times
and places, in season and out of season, op-
posed these measures upon the specious plea
that Congress was establishing a military des-
potism at the South, and was trampling upon
the rights of the southern people.
And now, sir, when we bring forward a bill
which proposes to confer upon the constitu-
tional conventions elected by the people, the
powers necessary for the protection of life,
liberty, and property, and require the mili-
tary authorities to render all necessary aid to
preserve peace and enforce the laws, the De-
mocracy are again up in arms in opposition to
the bill. Why they oppose this measure I am
entirely unable to comprehend, unless upon
the general principal of total depravity. If it
is wrong for the military authorities to admin-
ister public affairs in Texas, Mississippi, and
Virginia, it must certainly be right for the civil
authorities to be invested with all civil power.
According to Democratic doctrine, however,
it is wrong for those States to be governed by
either military or civil authority, from which
I necessarily imply a wish upon their part to see
anarchy, confusion, and bloodshed prevail in
those States.
Mr. Speaker, the constitutional conventions
of Texas, Mississippi, and Virginia are com-
posed mainly of loyal and patriotic men, who
understand the condition of public affairs in
those States and the wants of the people, and,
in my judgment, it will be eminently proper
and safe to intrust the administration of civil
government to them until the work of recon-
struction is completed. I therefore urge upon
the Republican members to vote in a body for
the bill now under consideration. This meas-
ure, just and proper in itself, is, in my opinion,
made necessary by the attitude of the President
and the Democratic party in rcspect to all the
reconstruction acts of Congress. Heretofore
contenting himself with veto messages and
hostile inaction the President now assumes an
attitude of defiance, and boldly asserts that the
governments established in seven States of
this Union in pursuance of law, and which are
now represented on this floor, arc illegal govern-
ments, and consequently not to be recognized by
the executive department of the United States,
and that the provisional governments estab-
lished by him are legal, and their acts should
be recognized as valid.
What does this mean, Mr. Speaker? It
means, sir, that if a revolutionary movement
is inaugurated in the southern States, headed
by the rebels who, under the lead of Andrew
Johnson, set on foot provisional governments,
that the President will not upon the applica-
tion of the legal and existing governments, aid
to enforce the laws by military power, but that
he will use the whole military force of this
country to aid the rebels in overthrowing the
loyal governments established inthoseStates by
virtue of the reconstruction acts of Congress.
And, sir, he would be upheld iu an act of
this kind by the entire Democratic party, for,
sir, they are committed to such a scheme by
the platform of their party, and more particu-
larly by their candidate for Vice President, who
in advance of his nomination, and for the pur-
pose of securing it, in his letter of the 30th
of June used the following extraordinary and
revolutionary language :
" If the Presid ent eiected by the Democracy enforces
or permits others to enforce these reconstruction nets,
the Radicals, by the accession ui twenty spurious
Senators, and fifty Representatives, v i!l coutiol
both branches of Congress, and his Administration
will be as powerless as the present one of Mr. John-
son.
"There is but one way to restore the Government
and the Constitution, and thnt is for the President-
elect to declare these acts null and void, compel the
Army to tmdo iH u-urpations at the South, disperse
the carpet-bag State governments, allow the white
people to reorganize their own governments, and
elect Senators and Representatives. The House of
Representatives^ wii! contain a majority oi Demo-
crats from the North, and they will admit the Repre-
sentatives elected by the white people of the South,
and with the cooperation of the President it will not
be difficult to compel the Senate to submit oneo
more to the obligations of the Constitution."
Here, sir, is the old cry of defending the
Constitution against encroachment. It was
this cry at the South that carried the people
into rebellion; it was this cry that drenched
the land with blood, and now it is again in-
voked by the same party in the interests of the
