594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January IT,
Congress decreed that until the restoration
shall be accomplished the rebel territory shall
be held in the military grasp of the Republic ;
and in order to restore them at the earliest
possible day a law was passed enabling the
loyal people to form governments and build
attain where rebellion had destroyed. Con-
gress did not commit itself to the dogma that
those States were out of the Union, but it pro-
• ceeded upon the acknowledged fact that their
civil governments were utterly destroyed and
should be rebuilt. The congressional plan
and the President's plan were placed on trial
before the people in the fall of I860. That the
verdict was against the presidential plan and
in favor of the congressional plan is witnessed
by the relative strength of the two parties on
this floor to day. We are here to obey the
people who sent us. The first section of this
bill is but a repetition, in clearer language, of
the law of the Thirty-Ninth Congress. For all
political purposes, therefore, the doctrine of
the first section is settled and the case is closed.
The only feature to which I desire to call the
attention of the House this morning is the
second section of the bill. This section makes
it the duty of the General of the Army to assign
such officers of the Army as he may think best
to the work of carrying out the reconstruction
law. That work has heretofore been placed in
the hands of the President. Here we are met
at the threshold by gentlemen on the other side
with the declaration that Congress has no power
to assign the General of the Army and his
subordinates to this duty because of that clause
of the Constitution which makes the President
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy.
I ask the attention of the House for a few mo-
ments to the consideration of this objection.
Under the constitution of Great Britain the
king is not only commander-in-chief of the
army and navy, but is empowered to make
rules and regulations for the government of
the land and naval forces of the realm. He
can declare war and conclude peace. He is,
therefore, in the full sense of the term, com-
mander-in-chief. The Parliament controls
him chiefly by its right to grant or withhold
all supplies for the army and navy. When
our fathers framed the Constitution of Govern-
ment under which we live they so far copied
the British constitution as to declare that the
President of the United States should be the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy;
but they proceeded to limit and restrict that
grant of power by six distinct clauses in the
Constitution giving six distinct powers to Con-
gress. These restrictions are found in the first
article of the Constitution, section eight, and
are as follows:
"1. To declare war, grant letter* of marque and
reprisal, and make rules concerning captures on laud
and water.
"2. To raise atid support Armies, but no appropria-
tion of money to that use shall be for a longer term
than two years.
"3. To provide and maintain a navy.
"4. To makerules forthe government and regula-
tion of the'land and naval forces.
"5. To provide for calling forth the militia to exe-
cute the law-: of the U nion, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions.
'6. To provide for organizing, arming, and disci-
plining the militia, and for governing such part of
them as may be employed in tlie service of the United
States, reserving to the States respectively the ap-
pointment of the officers and tho authority of train-
ing the militia according to the discipliue prescribed
by Congress."
The power, therefore, which is conferred
upon the President by the declaration of the
Constitution that he is Commander-in-Chief
must always be understood with these limita-
tions. Without the authority of Congress there
can be no War Department, no Army, no Navy.
"Without the authority of Congress there can be
no General of the Army. "Without the author-
ity of Congress there can be no officers, high
or low, in the Army or Navy of the United
States. We therefore begin with these consti-
tutional limitations laid around this Com-
mander* iu-Chief.
Now, how has Congress used its power here-
tofore in reference to officers of the Army? I
will refer to a few examples. In 1789, by an
act approved August 7, Congress established a
War Department and laid down laws to govern
it, and from time to time thereafter established
subordinate departments and bureaus in that
Department.
Now, let it be noticed that another clause
of the Constitution might also bo applied here.
Congress may authorize the heads of Depart-
ments to appoint inferior officers. It might
have authorized the Secretary of War to appoint
every otlicer of the Army. It can do so now.
It is plainly in our power to take every military
appointment from the President and place it
solely in the hands of the Secretary of War.
But Congress did not choose to take that
course, but it did establish all the subordinate
departments of the Government and prescribed
the duties of officers in those departments.
By an act of Congress, approved May 22,
1812, the Quartermaster General is authorized
to appoint barrack-masters. Now, can the
President appoint barrack-masters in contra-
vention of that law? Congress conferred that
power upon the Quartermaster General, and
the President, though Commander-in-Chief,
cannot exercise that function without usurpa-
tion. The same act requires quartermasters to
give properly secured bonds before performing
any of the duties of their appointment. Can
the President legally order them upon any
such duty before such bonds are given ?
By a law of Congress approved April 10,
180ti, it is declared that—
"The Judge Advocate or some person deputed by
liim or by tlie General or officer commanding the
Army, dctachment, or garrison shall prosecute ill tho
name of the United States."
Can the President of the United States prose-
cute a case before a court-martial ? He can-
not, because Congress has conferred upon a
subordinate officer of the Army that power,
and the President, though Commander-Jft-
Chief, cannot set it aside.
A friend near me says these are subordinates.
I answer that the General of the Army of the
United States is also a subordinate. He is to
Congress as subordinate as a judge advocate, a
quartermaster, or a barrack-master. It makes
no difference how high his rank may be, he is
nevertheless a subordinate to Congress. The
President is Commander-in-Chief, but he must
command in accordance with the Rules and
Articles of War—the acts of Congress.
I call attention to the oath that every officer
and enlisted man takes before entering the
Army. It is in these words :
"I do solemnly swear that I will bear true alle-
giance to the Uiutod States," * * * * "and
will observo and obey the orders of the President #f
the United States and tho orders of the officers ap-
pointed over me according to the rules and articles
for the government of the Army of the United
States."
Now, should the President of the United
States give to the humblest officer of the Army
an order contrary to the Rules and Articles of
War or to the law of Congress, the subordinate
can peremptorily refuse to obey,, because the
order lias not been given in accordance with
the rules and regulations of the power which
commands both him and the President.
Now, if Congress can make laws assigning
special duties to subordinate officers, such as
judge advocates, quartermasters, and barrack-
masters, what new doctrine is this that it may
not also assign special duties to the General of
the Army? The volumes ofstatutes are full of
laws of Congress commanding all classes of offi-
cers to perform all kinds of duties. It is now
proposed to require of the General of the Army
the performance of a special duty, namely, the
duty of directing the operations of that part of
the Army which occupies the States lately in
rebellion. If the General should neglect this
duty the President as Commander-in-Chief can
call him to account for such neglect, but he
cannot prevent his obedience to the law.
So much for the constitutionality of this sec-
tion. 1 now come to inquire why this legisla-
tion is needed. It is because this Congress, in
its work of restoring to their places the States
lately in rebellion, authorized the President to
assign the officers of the Army to the duties pre-
scribed in the law, and the President has made
such use of that authority as to obstruct and
delay the restoration of those States.
I Without violating the letter of the law, he
has been able in a great measure to hinder the
full and efficient execution of the law. 11 is
acts and those of his advisers are to-day the
chief obstacles to the prompt restoration of
the rebel States, and Congress proposes to
remove those obstacles by transferring tho
power to the hands of one who has shown hia
loyalty to the country and his willingness to
obey the laws of the Union.
Mr. Speaker, I will not repeat the long cat-
alogue of obstructions which he has thrown iti
the way by virtue of the power conferred upon
him in the reconstruction law of 18G7, but I
will allude to one example where he has found
in a major general of the Army a facile instru-
ment with which more effectually to obstruct
the work of reconstruction. 'This case is all
the more painful because an otherwise merit-
orious officer, who bears honorable scars,
earned in battle for the Union, has been made
a party to the political madness which has so
long marked the conduct of the President. This
general was sent into the district of Louisiana
and Texas with a law of Congress in his hand,
a law that commands him to see that justicc is
administered among the people of that coun-
try, and that no pretense of civil authority
shall deter him from performing his duty, and
yet we find that officer giving lectures in the
form of proclamations and orders on what
ought to be the relation between the civil and
military departments of the Government. We
see him issuing a general order in which he
declares that the civil should not give way
before the military. We hear him declaring
that he finds nothing in the laws of Louisiana
and Texas to warrant his interference in the
civil administration of those States. It is not
for him to say which should be first, the civil
or the military, in that rebel community. It is
not for him to search the defunct laws of Louis-
iana and Texas for a guide to his conduct. It
is for him to obey the laws which he was sent
there to execute. It is for him to aid in build-
ing up civil governments, rather than prepar-
ing himself to be the presidential candidate of
that party which gave him no sympathy when
he was gallantly fighting the battles of tlia
country.
Mr. Speaker, the Union party will take no
step backward in this work of reconstruction.
The policy inaugurated by ,the Thirty-Ninth
Congress we are now carrying out. The State
of Tennessee has already been restored to its
relations to the Union. Alabama has prepared
a constitution, and on the 4th of February her
loyal people will vote to adopt or reject it, and
before the middle of February I expect to see
her clothed and in her right mind, and her
Representatives occupying seats in these Halls.
Seven more States are now holding conven-
tions and framing constitutions of government
in pursuance of the laws of Congress; and in the
two remaining States, Florida and Texas, elec-
tions have been ordered and the people will
soon vote for or against a conventiou. The
work is going on, and, if there be no adverse
action to thwart it, before another twelve-
month we shall see these States completely
restored. Who now is opposing it? Gentle-
men upon the other side are manifestly arrayed
with the President in endeavoring to obstruct
the work of reconstruction, and without charg-
ing upon them rebel sympathies or imputing to
them any improper motives I do say that their
conduct is pleasing to every unrepentant and
unhanged rebel in the South. The whole mass
of the rebel population are in favor of obstruct-
ing the reconstruction policy of Congre-s.
There is not a man who went into rebellion
•against the Government, not a guerrilla who
shot down our wounded soldiers in ambulances,
not a man that burned our cities and steam-
boats, not a man that starved our prisoners,
not a man who aided in tlie assassiuaiion of
our President, not a rebel from one end of the
country to the other, who is not to-day in syin-
