4026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
merit more than §10,000,000. It seems to me
there is no object in keeping the money there ;
at least, I know of none. No financial policy
has been adopted which requires this money to
be kept in the Treasury.
Mr. CATTELL. Mr. President, I listened
with attention to the remarks of the Senator
from Illinois when he addressed the Senate
last week in opposition to the bill under con-
sideration, and am surprised at his hostility to
a measure so obviously advantageous to the
Government.
The provisions of the bill are so simple, its
purpose so obvious, and the advantage to the
Government so apparent, that I am at a loss to
account for the opposition of the Senator from
Illinois. The entire question, and the only
one involved, is whether the Government,
■owing as it does something over two thousand
million dollars, for nearly all of which it is
paying six per cent, interest in gold, shall
accept a loan of $25,000,000 at three per cent,
currency, thus reducing the interest on that
amount more than one half.
Now, Mr. President, if there is one subject
which more than any other is engaging the
■attention of the American people, and chal-
lenging the consideration of both statesmen
and politicians, it is how the Government can,
while maintaining its faith with the public cred-
itor, reduce the interest on the public debt, and
thereby lighten the burdens of taxation. This
has been a fruitful theme for discussion in
Congress and out of Congress, and it has been
■declared to lie the duty of Congress to work jn
this direction by the great political party with
which the Senator and myself affiliate.
I commend the fifth article of the Chicago
platform to the consideration of the Senator
from Illinois. It reads :
5. The national debt, contraetcd as it has boon for
thc preservation of the Union for all time to come,
should bo extended over a fair period lor redemp-
tion, and it, is the duty of Congicss to icdnco tho
rate ot interest tlic-reon whenever it can possibly be
uone.
And I desire to say in this connection that
while 1 hold it to be the first duty of the Gov-
ernment to maintain at all hazards the faith of
the nation and meet all its obligations to the
public creditor, not only according to the let-
ter, but the spirit of the laws under which they
were contracted, I also hold that it is the
bounden duty of Congress to avail itself of all
honorable means to reduce the rate of interest
by negotiating, if possible, a loan at a lower
rate, as is proposed in the funding bill of my
friend from Ohio, by exchanging the five-
twenty bonds, with the consent of the holder,
for a longer bond with more distinct and defi-
nite terms as the equivalent for a lower rate of
interest, or by any other method consistent
with the perfect maintenance of the public faith
and honor.
And yet when the Finance Committee brings
to the Senate a feasible proposition to convert
a debt upon which we are paying six per cent,
•compound interest into a three per cent, cur-
rency loan, the astute Senator from Illinois
■objects, and expresses his surprise that so
important a bill should be called up in the
morning hour. Is the Senator from Illinois
opposed to the Government taking money at
three per cent, if it can get it, and reducing to
that extent the loans upon which we are pay-
ing six per cent, in gold ?
Now, the question of how much or how
little balance shall be held in the Treasury, so
largely discussed by the Senator, has no bear-
ing upon this bill. That is entirely a different
question, one which I am aware is a source of
great distress to the honorable Senator, and I
sincerely wish he could obtain relief in some
form. But the Senator will find that there
are differences of opinion on this question
which seems so clear to' him, even in this
Chamber, and it ought not to be mixed up with
a proposition such as that now before the
Senate.
But suppose, for the sake of the argument,
that we are holding more coin in the Treasury
than is wise, that the surplus ought to be sold
and the proceeds applied to the payment of
the public debt, surely it would be the part of
wisdom to apply this surplus to the reduction
of the debt upon which we are paying six per
cent, gold interest. This proposition is so
simple it does not admit of argument. Why,
sir, we are issuing bonds almost daily in ex-
change for the seven-thirties, with interest at
six per cent, in gold. Why not use the surplus,
if we have any, to take up some of these notes
at tho market rate, and accept a three per
cent, currency loan to retire the compound-
interest notes. The interest on $25,000,000
at six per cent, gold, estimating the premium
at forty per cent., the present rate, would be
$2,100,000 in currency, while the interest on
$25,000,000 at three per cent, currency would
be but $750,000, thus makingan annual saving
of $1,350,000. We have already, in the form
of these temporary loan certificates, placed
$50,000,000, and when these $25,000,000 are
added the annual saving of interest on the
$75,000,000, as compared with our six per
cent, gold loans, will be $4,050,000. Has the
Senator from Illinois any objection to this
saving of over four million dollars annually,
or does the arithmetic he uses give a different
result?
1 submit, therefore, Mr. President, that even
if we have a surplus in the Treasury it does
not make against the proposition to accept a
loan at three per cent., which may be applied
to the payment of bonds upou which we are
paying more than twice as high a rate of
interest.
But have wo this large surplus of coin of
which the Senator speaks now in the Treas-
ury? If the Senate will give me their atten-
tion I think I shall be able to show that the
Senator has not been as careful as he should
be when lie deals with figures as connected
with the national finances; and I cannot con-
sent that his statement shall go to the country
without correction. The Senator proceeds upon
the assumption that we have something over
eighty millions of gold in the Treasury belong-
ing to the United States. Now, what are the
facts in the case? 1 read from a statement
prepared for me by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury himself on Friday last, which is as follows :
Amoun t of Bold in the Treasury Julyl,1868..$99,914,105
From wnioh deduct—
Interest payable July 1, 18G8  31,000,001)
Bonds ol 1848 maturing July 1, l8tiS  (i,893,441
Uold certificates  17,078,610
955,572,081
Leaving a balance July 1 S44,o42,0it
Now, if you deduct also from this amount
the $7,000,000 for Alaska it would reduce the
amount of coin in the Treasury to about thirty-
seven millions, a sum below that to which the
Senator from Illinois proposes by his amend:
ment to reduce it. Under this statement will
not the Senator from Illinois admit that his
amendment would prove a poor dependence
for providing $30,000,000 to meet a maturing
obligation of the Government.
Beside the currency in the Treasury on the
1st July was but $27,377,751, quite lowenough
when we consider the magnitude of the Treas-
ury operations, and the fact that we owe
$10,000,000 payable on demand and liable to
be called for any day.
Moreover, we have at this session of Con-
gress made very important reductions of in-
ternal revenue taxes. We have taken off the
tax on cotton, and also on all manufactures,
making an estimated reduction of some fifty
or sixty million dollars ; and although we ex-
pect some increase from other sources the
amount to be received from internal revenue in
the next fiscal year is somewhat problematical,
and we ought not, therefore, run the Treasury
too close.
I do not, however, sympathize with the views
entertained by many that we shall have a
deficit at the end of the next fiscal year. The
development of our great country is so rapid
and its resources so immense, the enterprise
and energy of our people so wonderful, that
our receipts are almost uniformly in excess of
our estimates, both for import duties and in-
ternal tax. This has been largely the case since
the close of the war, so much so that estimates
made to about cover current expenses and in-
terest on the public debt have so far exceeded
as to furnish a surplus of some three hundred
millions to be applied to the reduction of the
public debt. But it would be unsafe and unwise
in the face of the reductions we have made on
the tax list to depend upon our receipts to pay
the $30,000,000 of compound-interest notes
which fall due between this and loth October,
and of course must be paid.
I submit, then, Mr. President, that the pro-
posed loan is the simplest, easiest, and cheap-
est form of providing for these maturing obliga-
tions, and trust that the Senate will disagree to
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Illinois as impracticable and pass the bill as
it came from the committee. As I stated on a
previous occasion, the Committee on Finance
are unanimously in favor of the bill, and it is
warmly approved by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the Comptroller of the Currency.
Mr. TKUMBULL. Mr. President, I cannot
permit the manifest fallacy of the statement
of the Senator from New Jersey to go unchal-
lenged. It is a most remarkable way of stating
a balance in the Treasury to compute all the
payments that will have to be made out of the
Treasury and say nothing about the receipts.
The Senator from New Jersey tells us that we
are liable to pay $7,000,000 for Alaska ; that
there is a maturing indebtedness of the United
States which we may be called upon to pay.
Mr. CATTELL. It is paid.
Air. TKUMBULL. That we have to pay
interest on the debt. Surely we do. We would
not want this gold if there were none of these
obligations. But did the Senator tell us how
much gold we were receiving? He told us
he was afraid, in consequence of the reduc-
tion of the internal revenue taxes, that our
receipts would be less.- What has that to do
with the receipts from customs? Did the Sen-
ator from New Jersey tell us that the daties
had been reduced? He did not say a word
about that. I stated the other day, and the
official report of the Secretary of the Treasury
will show the facts which I state, that the re-
ceipts from customs for the year ending June
30, 1867, were upward of $178,000,000 in
gold. What does tho Senator from New Jer-
sey propose to do with that? I stated that
during the last year, for which we had full re-
ports, as shown by the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury in his last annual report, there
were received in gold from customs for the year
ending June 30, 1867 ; the report for the year
ending June 30, 1868, m full 1 h^ve not seen ;
but that is the report made to us at the
commencement of the present sesssion of Con-
gress—$176,417,810 88. What does the Sen-
ator from New Jersey propose to do with that?
Mr. CATTELL. I answer the gentleman
just here. The constant practise of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is to sell the gold down
to a point which he thinks is safe and convert
it into currency and use it for current ex-
penses. Further, while I am on my feet, let
me say to the Senator that the receipts of
gold from duties were only about one half for
the month of June, 18(58, what they were for
June, 1807. Ihe receipts have fallen off and
have been falling off, and the probabilities are
that they will continue to do so. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury told me that you could
not compute at the extreme tlxiJncome now
at more than from ten to tweivermillions per
month.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have a little informa-
tion on that subject. I stated what the re-
ceipts from customs were for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1867. The Secretary in his
report gave us one quarter's receipts during
the last fiscal year. The receipts from customs
lor the quarter ending September 30, 1867,
were $48,081,907 61; so that the receipts
were much largerthat quarter of the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1868, than they were the year
before.
