1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1979
is any good reason for this exception of refined
sugars cxcept that the tax amounts to $2,000,-
000 and that the money is easily collected.
The amount collected during the last year was
$2,065,000. Perhaps I ought to add another
reason that is given: that it is mainly in a few
cities where this money is collected.
Now, what are the facts in relation to the
sugar interest? At the present time, and I
have it from undoubted authorities, there is
not thirty-three per cent, of the refining capa-
city of the country at work. In the city of
New York alone there are twelve refineries
either closed or nearly so; in Boston five or
six; and in Baltimore two. Some twenty-five
million dollars of capital are invested in the
business in the United States, more than half
of which is in buildings and machinery and
the lands upon which the buildings are erected,
which would be worthless if the business were
destroyed, and nine thousand men thrown out
of employment.
It lias been said that refined sugars are
used mainly by the rich. That I think isa mis-
take._ In what is called (he manufacturing or
refining of sugars we use just what are im-
ported as raw sugars. It is simply advancing
the quality. They can all be used just as they
are. It is scarcely a manufacture ; it is only
advancing the quality. I do not understand
that refined sugars are used by the rich only,
or that they are in any sense a luxury. They
are used by all.
My friend from Ohio stated in his opening
speech on this bill that applications would be
made by persons engaged in refining petro-
leum and in refining sugars and in the manu-
facture of other articles excepted, for relief.
Sir, was not that to be expected ? When so
many thousand articles as we find in this bill
are excepted, ought it not to be expected,
■where an exception is made of an industry
very respectable in amount and character, that
there would be objection to that exception?
In my opinion, there is no interest more re-
quiring that the tax upon it should be re-
moved than this. I have a letter from a gen-
tleman who is well known, in whom I have
entire confidence, and for whose respectability
1 can vouch, who writes as follows:
"Indeed, the tax of the past yoar has, in some,
and perhaps many, instances been paid out of the
capital. iSome refiners have failed; some kave sus-
pended work; and ali feel that it is essential to their
business to have the tax removed. The duty of
about one hundred per cent, on the raw material,
and this tax in addition, has placed the business of
refining for sonic time in unfair competition with
foreign products. Wo are of the opinion that there
are but very few articles which have been taxed so
unjustly on the whole revenue list.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a subject of a good
deal of importance because it involves the col-
lection of a little over two millionsof revenue.
The Committee on Finance were very anxious
to relieve all branches of industry as far as
possible; but as long as it was necessary to
maintain some taxes we had to select the taxes
to be maintained. The House of Representa-
tives have only undertaken to repeal a certain
class of taxes ou manufactures, and they have
excepted from the operation of the repeal some
twenty-six million dollars of articles embraced
in the ninety-fourth section of the internal rev-
enue act. We were not entirely satisfied that
this exception would be sufficient, and we pro-
posed to extend it further so as to retain the
tax on several other articles. The Senate com-
mittee proposed to add to the exceptions of
tlio House of Representatives a little overthree
million dollars, the chief item of which is the
tax now proposed to be repealed, a little over
two million dollars.
I venture the assertion that there is no tax
so easily collected in the whole internal revenue
list as the tax on refined sugar. It is collected
in a few large establishments at very little cost
and without much possibility of fraud. It is
a very low tax. It is only two per cent, on the
aggregate result. It is less than one fourth of
one cent a pound on the average production of
these refineries. It is only about one half the
average rate of taxes on other manufactured
products. They are protected by a tariff duty
of over sixty per cent., and the discriminating
protection in their favor is something like ten
times the amount of the internal tax. The
refineries themselves are protected against re-
fineries in other countries more than ten times
the aggregate tax paid upon their production,
and it yields us $2,000,000 a year.
Now, Mr. President, if we intend to raise
any tax on any branch of manufactures, this is
the best that can be retained, and we cannot
repeal it without endangering a very large de-
ficit. In the statement which 1 made the other
day I showed very clearly, I think, by figures,
that we had no margin to go upon; that the
estimates of receipts submitted to us by the
Internal Revenue Bureau were as large as they
could be, and in regard to the chief item pro-
bably too large; and even upon those estimates
there is a deficit upon the estimated receipts of
a considerable sum, which can only be made
up by new taxes, a part of which is the tax on
sugar and the tax on manufacturer's sales, and
by the reduction of expenses. Now, if we re-
peal this tax of $2,000,000, we must make up
that deficit. We have already, in addition to
what the House have repealed, thrown off
$2,500,000 on petroleum. I hope, however,
the Senate will reconsider its action on that
subject by another vote. Now, it is proposed
to repeal the tax on refined sugar, something
over two million dollars. Sir, the sugar refin-
ers have had their own way in the framing of
the tax bills. The duty now on raw sugar
imported into this country below No. 12,
Dutch standard, and not above No. 15, is
three and a half cents a pound. The article
is worth about four and a half cents a pound,
so that it is a duty of something like seventy-
five per cent. The next grade pays a duty of
half a cent a pound more in gold, and the next
grade pays a duty of one cent a pound more in
gold, and so on. The rate goes up to fifteen
cents a pound, which is a discriminating duty
in favor of the refiners, while the tax levied
upon their article, and the only tax now levied
on sugar refiners, is about two mills a pound.
The tax is two percent, on the aggregate value
of the article; and the average value of the
article, as I get it from my friend from New
York [Mr. Morgan] himself, is from eleven to
thirteen cents a pound, so that the tax is about
two mills on a pound, and the discriminating
duly in their favor, as against all other refiners
in the world, is at least four times the amount
of the tax upon them, and the discrimination
in their favor must be paid in gold while they
pay the tax in currency at a depreciation of
forty cents to the dollar.
It is not necessary for me to pursue this
matter further. If we are able to repeal this
tax I should be very glad to do it; but there
is no tax that is more readily borne, more
easily collected, and more generally diversi-
fied. This tax is paid by the rich more than
by the poor, because a great deal of the sugar
that is consumed by the poor is hardly refined
at all, is of the coarser grades, the refining
process of which costs very little, and there-
fore imposes very little additional tax, because
the additional tax is only two per cent, on the
value of the refined article. As the price ad-
vances, as it does in sugars very much by the
process of refining, the rate increases; and
the better qualities of sugar are consumed by
the rich.
Now, it seems to me that when this interest
is protected by a duty of something like thirty
million dollars in gold, bccause that is about
the product of our duty on imported sugars,
and they pay only a tax of $2,000,000 in cur-
rency, no tax can be more easily collected and
more properly borne, and it ought to be among
the last taxes repealed. Although England
has repealed the great body of her duties she
yet maintains a higher rate of duty on refined
sugar than we do. Sugar is one of the great
elements of her system of taxation, and I think
it is among the last taxes we ought to repeal.
The Senator from Newiork says the re-
finers have lust money. So have the manufac-
turers. I doubt whether the refiners have lost
as much as any other class of manufacturers.
I can show from documents before me that in
many cases manufacturers of wool, cotton, and
other fabrics have lost half of their capital in
endeavoring to maintain their establishments
at work. One establishment I know, accoid-
ing to the statement made to me, and I have
no doubt it is true, has lost in the endeavor to
carry on itsbusiness $200,000 ayear. But there
is no pretense of that kind in regard to sugar
refiners. That they have not made so large
profits as formerly is because of the gradual
reduction of the price of the article on hand.
I say again that unless the Senate are disposed
to throw off all taxes, without regard to the
necessity of raising revenue, we cannot afford
to repeal this tax on refined sugar.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, three rea-
sons, as I have understood the Senator from
Ohio, have been given by him why this amend-
ment should not be adopted. One is that the
taxis easily collected; another is thatthe sugar
refiners have an extraordinary protection in
the duty imposed upon the foreign article; and
'another is that we cannot alford the loss of
revenue that would be involved in the adoption
of the amendmentoffered by the Senatorfrom
New York.
I could not help concluding, while the Sena-
tor from Ohio was speaking, that he liad nearly
reasoned himself out of court, if I may be
allowed to use that term. He proved conclu-
sively to my mind that the sugar refiners had
too much margin in the duty we impose on the
foreign article; and that he gives as a reason
for keeping up the internal tax, both of which
lead to keeping up sugars at a high rate to the
consumers of the country. Now, sir, our ob- *
ject should be to lighten taxation to the
masses of the people, to cheapen articles upon
which the masses of the people live. While
we pursue the policy of levying high tariff
duties upon commodities consumed by our
people, of whatever kind, and in addition to
that levy internal taxes, the cost of living in
the country must necessarily remain at an ex-
orbitant rate, the price of labor remain exor-
bitant^' high, and the very class of difficulties
under which the country now labors will be
continued.
When I voted yesterday against the amend-
ment offered by the Senatorfrom Iowa, [Mr.
Grimes,] which proposed a reduction of ten
per cent, upon the duties imposed atour ports
on foreign goods, I did not vote against a re-
\ iew of the tariff and a reduction of just such
duties as aie imposed upon sugars; but, on the
contrary, I voted as I did on that occasion be-
cause I did not think we could reach the sub-
ject in the manner proposed by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa, and because
I thought this was not the bill to attach it to.
I now say, although I have voted generally
for such a scale of duties as should keep up
the amount of revenue collected from foreign
goods, and at the same time discriminate in
favor of home manufactures, that if the duties
imposed on foreign goods are to be continued
as a reason for keeping up these internal taxes
I shall join the Senator from Iowa and vote at
the earliest possible time for a reduction of the
duties upon foreign goods coming to our ports.
But the Senator from Ohio says that we
should continue to collect this tax because it
is easily and cheaply collected. Yes, Mr.
President, we must continue to tax the people
who honestly pay the tax imposed upon them,
or who, if not from their integrity, but because
they cannot evade the tax, pay it; we must
continue to impose taxation upon them and
fail to press the collection of taxes upon those
who evade the law and are dishonest! Sir, I
will not vote to continue a tax for that reason.
I would vote rather to remit the tax in favor
of those who honestly pay, and from whom we
collect it without considerable expense to the
Government.
But the Senator added that refined sugars
were used mainly by the wealthy and rich
classes of the country. Not so, six-. Fifteen
