1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
40th Cong....2d Sbss.
Funding the National Debt—Mr. Marshall.
Ho. oj? Blips.
very same men who eight years ago threatened
secession in the event their candidate was not
elected President.
Rebellion was organized under Buchanan's
administration. While he, a weak, vascillating
old man, disclaiming the power to prevent
secession, avowed himself for the Union, how
much greater the danger now of insurrection
and bloodshed with Andrew Johnson for Pres-
ident, who, denying the validity of the govern-
ments in the southern States, possesses the
firmness of purpose, the maliciousness of intent
and sympathetic devotion to the adherents of
the "lost cause" to nerve him to enter upon
the execution of any scheme of anarchy and
bloodshed which might promise the restora-
tion to power of the dethroned slave-oligarchy
of the South and their subservient allies of the
North. And, sir, I raise the note of warning
to the country, impending, imminent danger
hangs like a pall over the Republic; the ene-
mies of liberty, union, and justice, in the name
of the Constitution are making a final appeal
to all the evil passions and prejudices of the
people against the supremacy and enforce-
ment of the laws enacted under and bv virtue
of the Constitution itself. But, sir, the men
-who, in the dark hour of the nation's peril,
voted and fought in defense of its Constitution
and its flag cannot be deceived by this gilded
treason of those who were, and still are, the
enemies of the Union, the Constitution, and
the enforcement of the laws.
Funding the National Debt.
SPEECH OF HON. S. S. MARSHALL,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House or Bkpeesextatives,
July 21, 1868.
The House having under considoration the bill (S.
No. 207) for funding the national debt-
Mr. MARSHALL said:
Mr. Speaker : I regret that I have not had
time to mature and thoroughly digest the views
I desired to present onthis important question,
and to present clearly all the facts and figures
which i deem important for its proper under-
standing and elucidation. The importance of
the question cannot well be exaggerated. It
involves at the same time the honor, charac-
ter, and good faith of our Government and the
happiness and well-being of our people. Its
discussion brings prominently to view the issue
made up on financial questions by the two great
parties struggling to gain control of our Gov-
ernment by the verdict of the people in No-
vember.
POSITION- OP THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY OS THE DEBT
QUESTION.
On the one hand the Democratic partyregard
the public debt not as a "public blessing,"
but as a public curse, weighing like an incubus
upon the'cncrgies of the people, eating up their
substance, and demoralizing and destructive
in all its influences upon society. They pro-
pose to get rid of it just as soon as possible
consistent with the rights and interests of the
people and the honor and good faith of our
Government. They insist that the bondholder
shall not be a peculiarly privileged class, but
shall be subject to taxation, and shall receive
for obligations due him the lawful money of
the United States, just precisely as any other
citizen, excepting always those cases where
the Government has agreed by its contract, or
by law, to pay him in coin. They will pay the
interest on the five-twenty bonds in coin, be-
cause their Government, in its contract, has
agreed that it shall be so paid; they will pay
both principal and interest of the ten-forty
bonds in coin for the same reason ; but they
will pay the principal of the five-twenty bonds
with the legal-tender currency of the United
States, and thereby stop forever the ruinous
coin interest-we are paying thereon, because
it was that currency, greatly depreciated below
its present value, that we received for the bonds
when the loan was made, and more especially
because by the contract the public creditor has
neither a legal nor equitable claim to be paid in
any other way. This, I think, is unquestionable,
and this I shall endeavor hereafter to demon-
strate. We do not propose, as is contemplated
by this most suicidal—I am almost tempted to
say, most infamous—act, without any consider-
ation or claim of justice whatever, to increase
this debt one third, or, in other words, vote the
bondholders a bonus of nearly six hundred
millions in gold; and then, by an inexorable
and irrepealable decree, fasten this accumulated
debt upon our country for a period of forty
years, with interest in gold, to be paid semi-
annually, during all that time. I cannot see the
justice or propriety of thus increasing and
perpetuating the burdens of a patriotic people,
already nearly driven to despair by the public
demands upon their scanty means and the
unhappy financial condition of their country.
POSITION OF THE RADICAL PARTY OX THE PUBLIC DEBT.
On the other hand, as already indicated, the
Radical party now and for the lasteight years
unfortunately having absolute control of the
BVderal and nearly every State government,
after having, by their extravagance and unpar-
alleled corruptions, doubled the indebtedness
of the country, are making herculean efforts
to perpetuate their power and increase their
ill-gotten gains. They have placed in the van,
as their standard-bearer, a speechless sphinx,
enveloped in a cloud of tobacco smoke, who
professing no principles or political convic-
tions himself promises most obsequiously to
obey the behests of his party. And you now
propose by this bill to convert a debt approach-
ing two thousand million dollars, now pay-
able in legal-tender notes, into bonds running
forty years, payable in gold, exempt from all
taxation, and the interest during all that time
payable year by year in gold, to be coined from
the sweat and toil and groans of an impov-
erished people.
You have arrayed yourselves on the side of
the bondholders and the capitalists against the
interest and rights of the tax-payers, and to
give plausibility to your position raise the
wolf howl of repudiation against the people
who demand equal and exact justice for all,
and indulge in stale platitudes about public
faith and maintaining the public credit, when
it is by your own extravagance and corruption
that the public credit has been imperiled.
RADICAL PLATFORM OX FINANCIAL QUESTIONS.
There is an attempt in the platform adopted
at Chicago to sugar-coat the purposes of your
party by the use of popular and ad captandum
phrases, and thus to make them acceptable to
the tax-ridden portion of your followers. I
will read from the platform all that is said
upon the financial issues :
" Third. We denounce all forms of repudiation as
a national crime, and national honor requires the
pavment of the public indebtedness in the utmost
good faith to all creditors at home and abroad, not
only according to the letter, but the spirit ot the
laws under which it was contracted.
" Fourth. It is duo to the labor of the nation that
taxation should be equalized and reduced as rapidly
as the national faith will permit.
"Fifth. The national debt, contracted as it has
been for the preservation of tlie Union for all time
to come, should be extended over a fair period for
redemption, and it is the duty of Congress to reduce
the rate of interest thereon whenever it can possibly
be done. . .
" Sixth. That the best policy to dimmish our bur-
den of debt is to so improve our credit that capital-
ists will seek to loan us money at lower rates of in-
terest than we now pay, and must continue to pay,
so long as repudiation, partial or total, open or
covert, is threatened or suspected."
It is of course understood by all that this
" covert repudiation " so boldly denounced
refers to the proposition of the Democratic
party to pay the five-twenty bonds, consti-
tuting the principal part of our indebtedness,
in our present "greenback" currency. And
according to this platform the national debt
is not only to be paid all in gold, principal
and interest, but the principal must not be
paid now at all, but must " be extended over
a fair period for redemption," and this fair
period, according to the bill before us, is forty
years, during which we will have no right to
pay the principal, but mnst continue to coin
ourtoil and sweat and muscles into gold semi-
annually to pay the interest, until we all now
on the stage of action go down to our graves.
DEMOCRATIC PLATFORM OX FINANCIAL QUESTIONS.
In contrast with this bondholders' platform
I turn with pride and pleasure to the bold,
clear, ringing, patriotic enunciations of the
Democratic platform upon the same questions,
adopted in New York at our recent national
convention. I will read them, that all Radi-
cals may blush at and all Democrats glory in
the contrast presented by the two platforms;
" Third. Payment of the public debtof theUnited
States as rapidly as practicable; all moneys drawn
from the people by taxation, except so mueh as is
requisite for the necessities of the Government, eco-
nomically administered, being honestly applied to
such payment, and where the obligations of the Gov-
ernment do not expressly state upon their face, or
the law under which they were issued does not pro-
vide that they shall be paid in coin, they ought, in
right and injustice, to be paid in the lawful money
of the United States.
" Fourth. Equal taxation of everyspecies of prop-
erty according to its real value, including Govern-
ment bonds and other public securities.
" Fifth. One currency for the Government and the
people, the laborer and the office-holdor, the pen-
sioner and the soldier, the producer and the bond-
holder.
"Sixth. Economy in the administration of the
Government; the reduction of the standing Army
and Navy; the abolition of the Freedmen's Bureau
and all politicalinstrumentalitiesdesigned tosecure
negro supremacy; simplification of the system and
discontinuance of inquisitorial modes of assessing
and collecting internal revenue, so that the burden
of taxation may be equalized and lessened ; the
credit of the Government and the currency made
good; the repeal of all enactments for enrolling the
State militia into national forces in time of peace;
and a tariff for revenue upon foreign imports, and
such equal taxation under the internal revenue laws
as will afford incidental protectiontodomesticman-
ufaetures, and as will, without impairing the rev-
enue, impose the least burden upon and best pro-
mote and encourage the great industrial interests of
tho country.
" Seventh. Reform of abuses in the administration,
the expulsion of corrupt men from office, the abro-
gation of useless offices; the restoration of rightful
authority to, and independence of, tho executive
and judicial departments of the Government; the
subordination of military to civil power, to the end
that the usurpations of Congress and the despotism
of the sword may cease."
There is no equivocation, no disguise. We
propose to place the bondholders, the capital-
ists, the wealthy classes upon an equality as to
taxation and otherwise with tho laborer, the
farmer, and the artisan. We will not admit
his claim that merely because he is a bond-
holder, without any contract to that effect, ho
has a right to be paid in gold, while the pen-
sioner, the soldier, and the producer must be
paid in a depreciated currency. Where he has
no contract for coin we will pay him in the
lawful currcncy of theUnited States,just as
every other debt of our country is payable;
and by economy in the administration of the
Government, reduction of the Army and Navy,
abolition of the Freedmen's Bureau, making
the lazy vagabond negroes that are now being
fed and clothed at public expense go to work,
and thus become producers instead of consum-
ers, and by the reform of a thousand similar
abuses that have crept into the public adminis-
tration, we will have a largo sum the very first
year to be applied to the payment of the
principal of our indebtedness, thus not only
liquidating the principal, but getting rid of the
interest thereon forever. Thus each year, tho
interest being less than the preceding year, the
amount to be applied to the payment ol the
principal will be greater; and getting started
in the right direction our enormous public debt
will dwindle before the sturdy blows of a wise
and economical Administration as the iceberg
disappears beneath the rays of a tropical sun.
It can be demonstrated that it is perfeetly feas-
