1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4027
Mr. CONKLING. That would be $192,-
000.000 a year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes; that would be
$192,000,000 for the year if it kept on at that
rate. But the Senator from New Jersey says
the receipts were very small for last June. Pos-
sibly they may have been. I have not those
figures before me, but it appears from the last
official report to which I had access that we
were receiving duties at the rate of $192,000,-
000 a year in gold during the last fiscal year
that ended only a few days since. Certainly
during the first quarter of that year we received
more than forty-eight millions. The Senator,
when 1 ask him what is to be done with this
money, says the Secretary is to sell it. Well,
1 want him to sell it down to $40,000,000.
My amendment would do no harm, let me say
to the Senator from New Jer3ey, if there is no
gold more than is required.
Mr. CATTELL. You do not provide for
the payment of the $30,000,000 of compound
notes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think you will find
enough to sell. The Senatorfrom New Jersey
did not tell us what the receipts for July were.
Ve had eighty-three millions of gold on the
1st day of July belonging to the Government.
If any of it has gone out since, it has been
paid since this report, which was made by
the Secretary of the Treasury at my instance
within a few days.
Mr. CATTELL. That was made up to June
1, I think.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; made up to
July 1, and if any money has been paid, if
any thirty millions have been paid for interest,
it is since the 1st of July.
Mr. CATTELL. It was not due till the 1st
of July.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We all know it has been
very much the custom to anticipate the interest
and to pay it out before the 1st day of July. I
do not know whether any of the interest was
paid in this particular instance before the 1st
day of July; but on the 1st day of July,
according to this official repoit, there were
$82,23-3,405 95 of gold coin in the Treasury
belonging to the Government, and §17,000,000
muie for which certificates of deposit had
been issued. In round numbers, there were
$100,000,000 of gold in the Treasury on the
1st day of July last.
What do you want to keep $40,000,000 of
gold in the Treasury at all for, except to guard
against a contingency? As I said the other
day, my own judgment was that it was wholly
unnecessary to keep such a large sum as that,
i think $25,000,000 would be ample, but out
of deference <to the opinions of others who
have insisted upon keeping this amount in the
Treasury for the last year, I have put it at
$40,000,000. How does the Senator from New
Jersey meet it? The official report of the
Secretary of the Treasury says that there have
been in the Treasury during the last two years
more than eighty millions all the time, notwith-
standing the interest we have to pay. Now, 1
pfopose that we shall sell this gold monthly in
the manner proposed, until we reduce it down
to $40,000,000. That is my proposition, and
I do not think it is fairly met by telling us what
we have got to pay, and not saying a word
about the receipts. The receipts in com greatly
exceed the payments in coin, and have done
so for the last two years, and I have not the
least doubt will greatly exceed the payments
in coin during the present year.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have
the yeas and nays on that.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it a substitute or an
addiliou?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a substitute.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to hear
the amendment read.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, it seems
to,.me proper that we should begin to pay the
public debt; and I do not see any project
offered that looks better than this. We have,
I believe, about one hundred million dollars
lying in the Treasury idle. We have certainly
had about that amount there lying idle for the
last three years. That does not appear to me
to be wisdom. It is not the way an individual
would manage his own affairs. An individual
whose creditwasnot very good, and who wished
to restore it and get it on a proper basis, would
begin by paying every surplus dollar that he
had to his creditors, thereby convincing them
of his honesty and bis belief in his own ability
to pay his debts. If we sell ten millions of
gold per month, as proposed by the Senator
from Illinois, we shall pay off with it fourteen
millions of our debt, taking gold at an average
of about forty per cent, premium. In place
of that we suffer this money to remain idle in
the Treasury, in the vain hope, as I believe,
that men who are now getting six per cent, for
the obligations of the Government which they
hold, will give up the right to demand six per
cent, and take three per cent.
I object to all these expedients. They are
like the constitutional drunkard trying to cure
himself by taking a little each day. The only
cure for him is to leave off immediately. The
only cure for our troubles is for us to get back
to a regular system and not resort to these
expedients. It would have been better, in my
opinion, if the Committee on Finance had given
us a general system «f finance, one which would
have recommended itself to the common sense
of everybody here, and which would have con-
vinced the country that we were going to do
something toward paying our debts. 1 do not
believe that except in a few cases anybody will
give up an obligation of the Government draw-
ing six per cent, interest for a certificate bear-
ing but three per cent. There are a few cases
where it will be done. Banks that want to hold
these certificates as part of their reserve will
do it because in that way they get three per
cent, upon their surplus capital, and it will be
very convenient for some of the banks to use
these three per cent, certificates. It will have
but little effect beyond here and there a bank
that will be glad to nse them.
As I have said frequently. I would much
rather leave this whole business until we come
back next winter. Let us go before the country
on no new questions, allowing us to devote our
whole time to convince our constituents that the
country is in a condition to be reconstructed,
if we do our duty, relying also for ourselves
upon our acts here, upon the disposition we
have sliown to meet every public engagement,
and our determination to keep the public faitli
and pay fully the public obligations.
I have not paid much attention to the sub-
ject immediately before us; but I am satis-
fied, as a plain business man, that if I had
money lying in my vaults, and I had creditors
pushing me daily and doubting my intention
to pay, the first thing 1 would do would be to
give them every cent that I had in my posses-
sion ; and especially would I do so if I had
daily and hourly large sums of money coming
into my treasury. We are receiving money
from imports and from taxes all the time, and
yet we leave this money lying in the Treasury
in the vain hope that keeping it there will ena-
ble us to meet specie payments. To my mind,
as the Senator from Vermont said on another
occasion, that is ridiculous. When the coun-
try is in a condition to resume specie pay-
ments, this little sum of $100,000,000, much
as it may sound, will be very small. Let us
get clear of the greenbacks, as we shall after
a while when our credit is restored, and there
will be very few demands upon the Treasury;
but above all things let us have all the States
of the Union here in the Senateacting together
with one heart and one mind for the restora-
tion of the credit of the country, and there will
be no difficulty about it. I object to this meas-
ure entirely because it is one of those tempo-
rary expedients; one of those things which are
put forward by those who do not look at the
whole subject before them, and is unfit, 1
believe, for the consideration of the Senate of
the United States.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to offer a substi-
tute for the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, if it is in order, in these words:
That the surplus gold now in the Treasury, and
such as shall accrue during the present and next
fi&cal year, shall be reserved and set apart for the
redemption and payment of the legal-tender notes.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to ask a i
question, that I may understand this amend-
ment. The Senate having, by the aid of the vote
of the honorable Senator from Indiana, pro-
hibited the Secretary of the Treasury from retir-
ing any more legal-tender notes, if the gold is
set apart for the purpose of that retirement
under this amendment, I should like to know
what will become of it in fact?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is in order now as an amendment to the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. MORTON. I offer it as such. I will
only say that we now hold in the Treasury a
large surplus of gold. The object of holding
it is not expressed by law. Let us say by law
that this surplus of gold and the gold which
shall accrue in the next year or two shall be
held for the purpose of redeeming the legal-
tender notes, and for 110 other purpose. Such
a declaration in itself, in my opinion, will
knock down the premium on gold from ten to
twenty per cent, at once.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator mean
that it shall be held, and that at the same time
we shall retain on the statute-book a prohibi-
tion against the cancellation of legal tenders ?
Mr. MORTON. I am opposed to the can-
cellation of legal tenders as that has been
done ; but, as 1 said the other day, I am in
favor of this Government fixing a time in the
future when we shall redeem the legal-tender
notes in gold and resume specie payments, and
I am in tavor of reserving the gold now in the
Treasury and that which is to accrue in the
ordinary way as a surplus for that purpose, the
time to be designated hereafter when the Gov-
ernment will begin the work of redemption
and resume specie payments.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I am inclined
to vote for the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Illinois. I am not prepared to dis-
cuss the question very satisfactorily to myself
how much coin we ought to keep in the Treas-
ury; but it has seemed to me that a prudent
Administration ought to be able to calculate
their wants a good deal closer than $100,000,-
000; that it ought not to be necessary to keep
§100,000,000 in the Treasury to meet unfore-
seen demands. That, I believe, has been about
the way our finances have been administered
since the close of the war. I think we could
calculate our necessities more closely than
that, and I am, therefore, inclined to adopt
some expedient which will reduce this surplus
in the Treasury.
The Senator from New Jersey, however,
says that if we conclude to do that it is better
to sell this coin and redeem the five-twenties.
Why so? The five-twenties we are not obliged
to pay. The compound-interest notes we are
obliged to pay. If you have funds in the Treas-
ury which you can dispense with it seems to
me the better use to make of them is to supply
t.he most pressing demand, and the most piess-
ing demand seems to me to be that which you
cannot postpone.
Mr. CATTELL. You can postpone it by
paying three per cent, interest.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator says we can post-
pone it by paying three percent, interest.^ And
so we can postpone the same amount of five-
twenties.
Mr. CATTELL. By paying six per cent,
in gold.
Mr. HOWE. We can raise the same amount
of money with your three per cent, certificates.
But it was upon this point that 1 wished to say
the few words I have to say;- and 1 speak on
this question always with a great deal of dif-
fidence, and not at all certain that I can ex-
press the views which I really entertain.
