596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January IT,
people themselves set tip a republican form
of government and which, when set up. we
inspect; and if in the judgment of the Con-
gress of the United States it is republican in
form we then guaranty that government to the
Slate. In the next place, if we find a govern-
ment not republican in form, then the United
States ia bound in some way to remove it and
to give the people an opportunity to establish a
republican form of government. We must per-
form this service, or otherwise the provision of
the Constitution is utterly ineffectual. If in a
State you find there is no government, is not
your obligation under the Constitution binding
upon you to guaranty to them a government
republican in form? And is not the guarantee
entirely inoperative unless you furnish ways
and means and security through which they
may form a government? If in another
State you find a government manifestly not
republican in form, a monarchy, an aristoc-
racy, a military government, are you obliged
to be silent, to be inactive, to allow that gov-
ernment to continue, as inevitably you must
if the doctrine maintained on the other side
of the House be true, that it is only when there
is a republican government that this provision
of the Constitution becomes operative. You
must remove these governments and give the
people an opportunity to set up a republican
government. And this was the doetrine of the
Supreme Court iu the case of Luther vs. Bor-
den, to which reference has so often been made.
The court say:
"Unquestionably a military government, estab-
lished as the permanent government of a State, would
not be & republican government, and it would be the
duty of Congress to overthrow it."
And again, in the same case, the court say:
" Under this article of the Constitution it rests with
Congress to decide what government is the estab-
lished one in a State; for, as the United States guar-
anty to each State a republican form of government,
Congress mustnecessarily decide what govornmentis
established in aStute before itcan detcrmino whether
it is republican or not." * * * * "And
its decision is binding on every other Department of
the Government, and could not be questioned in a
judicial tribunal."—Luther vs. Borden, 7 Howard, p
142.
Can anything be clearer than that the whole
subject of observation, of inquiry, of judgment
is open to the United States which means for
purposes of political action, Congress and the
President cooperating; and upon such inspec-
tion, observation, and judgment to decide,
first, whether there is any government. If
they find that there is a government, then
next to inquire whether it is republican or
not, and if Congress find either that there is
no government or that the government is not
repablican, it is a duty to provide ways and
means for the establishment of a republican
government. Otherwise, ip the only cases
where the provision would be of any service
it would be utterly ineffectual and worthless
to the country. If, for example, in Massachu-
setts, where, though we are often abused, our
constitutions are republican in the highest
degree, an aristocracy should be set up, in
New York a military government, and in
some other State a monarchy, is the Govern-
ment of the United States to be both blind
and silent to what is going on in the country?
And if its attention is called to these facts, is
it to say, "We can do nothing, because the
government is not republican," and thus ren-
der the constitutional guarantee inoperative,
while in Pennsylvania, where they have a re-
publican government and do not need the
intervention of the United States, the guar-
antee is to apply?
As I followed the remarks made yesterday
on the other side of the House, I came to the
•onclusion that it was a received opinion there
that the President had power to decide whether
the government of a State was republican or
not. Reference was made to the Bhode Island
case, and especially to the action of John Tyler,
when President of the United States. While
I cannot stop to read from the opinion of the
court, or to discuss it at any length, the char-
acter of the constitutional provision in this
relation, it seems to me perfectly clear that the
President has no such power.
In the first place, if you examine the Constitu-
tion of the United States you see this to be the
leading and characteristic feature of the whole
instrument, derived naturally and necessarily
from the principles which underlie our form of
Government. First, the representatives of the
people in the Senate and House, acting for
themselves in concurrence with the President,
are the means by which the people constitu-
tionally express their will in laws. There are
in fact no*other means. Nothing can be origin-
ated of a political character in this country
under this Government except by the repre-
sentatives of the people. When in the Consti-
tution it is declared that the United States have
authority to do a particular act it is necessarily
implied that Congress is included in the term
United States, for without Congress no act in
the name or by authority of the Government can
be done. It gave motion originally to the Gov-
ernment, and its action is absolutely essential
to the continuance of the Government.
The President is a magistrate of limited pow-
ers. The executive and judicial departments
are distinguished from the legislative in this:
the legislative branch of the Government is the
means by which the people express their will
in laws. The executive and judicial depart-
ments of the Government are the instruments
under the Constitution by which the will of
the people, through their representatives, ex-
pressed in laws, is executed and administered.
Therefore there are no implied powers given
to the executive or judicial departments of the
Government. They cannot resort to powers
not granted in order to exercise a power that
is granted. But Congress is clothed with cer-
tain defined powers; and to it also is granted
full power to do everything which is needful
for the exercise of those powers which are
granted. Nothing is more clear than this doc-
trine, whether you examine the Constitution
itself or rely on the case of McCulloch against
the State of Maryland, in which Chief Justice
Marshall explained and enforced the doctrine
with even more than his accustomed clearness
and power.
The Constitution declares that—
"Congress shall have power to make all laws which
shall be nocessarj; and proper for carrying into exe-
cution tho foregoing powers, and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in the Government of the
United States, or in any Department or officer there-
of."
With this provision of the Constitution in
view the court says, in the caBe of McCulloch
vs. Maryland:
"The Government which has a right to do an act,
and has imposed unit the duty of performing that
act, must, according to the dictates of reason, be al-
lowed to select the means."
Let us, then, apply this doctrine to the pro-
vision of the Constitution which requires the
United States to guaranty a republican form
of government to each of these ten States.
We are first to examine them with a legislative
eye under the provisions of the Constitution,
to ascertain whether there are now existing
State governments which we are bound to guar-
anty as republican governments in forna.
Gentlemen on the other side say that we
are bound to guaranty to South Carolina her
old State government. My answer to that is
that the rebellion swept it away by the power
of the people of- the State by jvhom the Con-
stitution was created, by whose will it was sus-
tained, and without whose political breath it
ceased to exist. By the rebellion it was de-
stroyed as "well as by the action of the State
when they inaugurated the rebellion. Thus
that government passed away. They estab-
lished a government daring the rebellion. No
one on either side of the House, as I under-
stand, claijns that we are to guaranty that gov-
ernment as a republican form of government.
Mr. Johnson set up a different government
there; but it is no government at all under the
Constitution until Congress recognizes it as a
republican form ofgovernment, which we have
never yet done. Therefore, when we look at
these ten States we do not find in either a
government which can be recognized as a
republican form of government. And, sir, I
shall hail with great satisfaction the passage
of the first section of this most important bill.
We have formerly declared that the govern-
ments in those States were not legal govern-
ments; but now we take the language of the
Constitution and declare that there are no
republican governments in these States, and
the President and the Supreme Court will
recognize that declaration or fail to recognize
it at their peril.
The whole object of the reconstruction bills,
which by the pertinacity and obstinacy of the
President we nave been obliged to amend from
time to time, is to establish in a regular and
proper way republican forms of government in
the ten States which we ean recognize under the
Constitution as republican governments, and
guaranty to the States where they are established.
Now, Mr. Speaker, passing from this branch
of the subject, I wish to call the attention of
the House briefly to the provisions of the sec-
ond section of the bill, by which authority is
given to the General of the Army to detail
officers in the military districts of the South.
A difference of opinion exists upon the point
whether that authority thus granted to the Gen-
eral is within the limits of our constitutional
powers. The President, by the Constitution,
is made Commander-in-Chief of the Army, but*
Congress has power by the Constitution to
make rules and regulations for the government
of the Army. Therefore it follows that the
President ia Commander-in-Chief of that Army
which Congress creates. He is Commander-
in-Chief of that Army which is created, and he
is Commander-in-Chief of that Army subject
to the rules and regulations which Congress
pleases to establish. This statement covers
the whole case. In Congress, by the Constitu-
tion, is vested a discretionary power ns to what
rules and regulations it will establish. This is
an unlimited power, and the Supreme Court,
in the case of Luther vs. Borden, held that—
" Whenever a statute gives a discretionary power
to any person to be exercised by him upon his own
opinion of certain facts, it is a sound rule of construc-
tion that the statute constitutes him the sole and
exclusive judge of the existence of those facts."
With stronger reasons this must be the rule
in those cases where the Constitution has given
discretionary power to Congress.
Undoubtedly we are not to exercise this
power so as to deprive the President of the
eommand of the Army and Navy, but we may
establish such rules and regulations for the
government of the Army and Navy as seem to us
expedient. The question, then, arises whether
the proposition before us is, under the circum-
stances, an improper regulation, that is, whether
it interferes with the command of the Army by
the President. What is the essence of the
fower of the President to command the Army?
t is in that provision of the Constitution which
I have often before quoted, that he is to take
care that the l#ws be faithfully executed. That
is the admonition to him from the Constitution
in reference to this bill, if it shall become the
law, as it is to every statute. He commands
the Army subject to the regulations prescribed
by law, and performs his duty when he takes
Care that the law is faithfully executed.
If General Grant does not detail officers as
required by this bill, it becomes the duty of
the President to take steps to see that the work
is done.
Does anybody suppose that it is not in the
power of Congress, in the matter of establishing
regulations for the government of the Army, to
decide that a particular officer shall command
the forces of the Goverment in a particular
place, subject, of course, to the authority of the
President as Commander-in-Chief?' Assume
that during the war it had become apparent
to Congress that the President of the United
States was likely to remove a valued, trusted, and
capable officer from the command of a corps, or
of an entirearmy, and transfer him to the Pacific
coast, so that his services would no longer be of
use to the country, would it not have been coin-
