1980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. .
March 19,
or twenty years ago it was true; it is not true
to-day. Fifteen or twenty years ago the prod-
uct of sugar refiners consisted in crushed
sugars, lump sugars, but latterly, by the intro-
duction of machinery and the application of
art and science to the product of the sugar-
cane, the great masses of our sugars that are
consumed" by the common people pass through
the sugar refineries. The molasses that was
once the rough product of the sugar planta-
tions is now again submitted to the operatiou
of the machinery and means provided by sugar
refineries, and we get bleached and marketable
sugars as a result; and also, as a further result,
we get the denomination of sirups that are
classed as golden sirups and by other names,
which also now enter into common use. I
undertake to say that there are no articles that
are used so largely by the masses of the Amer-
ican people as what are called refined sugars
and sirups; and yet we propose to keep up
this internal tax upon these articles of general
and almost universal consumption. I hope we
will not do so.
Mr. President, I wish the honorable Senator
from New York had included in his amend-
ment the words " on coffee, roasted or ground,
and articles intended as substitutes for coffee,
spices, and mustard." Those words ought to
bo stricken out. Those taxes I am in favor
of dispensing with, too. As I understand from
a member of the Finance Committee, the
ground upon which the tax is proposed to be
retained on "coffee roasted or ground, and
articles intended as substitutes for coffee" is,
that adulterated aVticles, mixtures with coffee
of ground peas and other substitutes, such as
chickory, are imposed upon the market, and that
-they deserve to be and should be taxed. That
does not appear to me to be a sufficient reason
for maintaining that class of taxation and bur-
den. The poor very often have to resort to
such cheap commodities as they can furnish
and obtain in lieu of coffee. In many of the
agricultural districts of this country—in the
West—the farmers very commonly burn barley
and grind it and use it as coffee, and it makes
their staple as coffee the year round. We
might, as well undertake to tax that if it went
into the market for use.
I hope, sir, that, the honorable Senator from
Now York will allow the vote-to be taken upon
the entire amendment proposed by the com-
mittee, which includes " sugar candy and con-
fectionery,' ' and " on diamonds, emeralds, pre-
cious stones, imitations thereof, and on all
jewelry."
it would appear as though there should be
no sympathy in connection with the use of the
articles last mentioned, as "diamonds, emer-
alds, precious stones and imitations thereof,
and on all jewelry ; " but, sir, we tax these
articles at our ports. They are not articles of
domestic product.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is solely on articles
of domestic product. Jf the Senator thinks
there is no jewelry made in this country he is
very niuch mistaken. This applies to the cheap
jewelry made here, and which yields us three
hundred and some odd thousand dollars of rev-
enue. The manufacture amounts to several
millions in this country.
Mr. CONNESS. I was alluding especially
to the tax proposed on diamonds, emeralds,
and so on. I suppose there is an internal tax
imposed upon those articles that come from
foreign markets. Am [ not right in that?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; the diamonds
and imitation diamonds are sometimes used as
ingredients in the manufacture of jewelry.
Diamonds when imported pay a small duty on
their importation, and when they form a part
of the manufacture of an article here they are
taxed again.
Mr. CONNESS. That is precisely what I
understood; we tax them a second time. Now,
sir, I think our taxes imposed at our ports are
sufficient, and if they are insufficient they
should be made sufficient. But what I am
anxious to do is to vote for wiping out the
great mass of our internal taxation, and at the
same time wipe out the men who are engaged
in collecting those taxes. It is hard to tell
which is the greatest burden, the amount of
money exacted from the people or the impo-
sitions practiced by those engaged in collecting
it, and the sooner we get rid of both the better.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. President, the Senator
from California has taken a view of this general
question that I supposed he would; and I was
sure this proposition would commend itself to
his judgment, as I think it must commend itself
to the judgment of the entire Senate when it is
fairly understood. I should prefer, however,
that the question should first be taken upon
refined sugars as proposed by me. A further
motion to strike out would not be in order at
this time.
The Senator from Ohio assumes—for he does
not profess to have any knowledge on the sub-
ject—that because certain duties are exacted
on imported sugar, the business of sugar refin-
ing in this country must be profitable. I can
assure the Senator that it is not profitable, and
that Congress will be called upon for relief
with reference to this interest, and be called
upon so earnestly and justly that they cannot
resist the application.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the honorable Sena-
tor allow me to say a word to him by way of
suggestion ?
Mr. MORGAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. Senators all around me
say 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I beg par-
don ; I must not be included.
Mr. CONNESS. With one exception the
Senators around me say that they cannot vote
for the special amendment of the honorable
Senator from New York; but if he will include
the entire amendment inserted by the com-
mittee he can have their votes.
Mr. MORGAN. That is a matter within the
control of the Senate. Before I take my seat
I wish to say that about one half of this tax is
paid in the city of New York. I meant to have
stated that when 1 was up before. Of the
$2,00-5,000 realized last year from this tax,
$959,000, or about one half of the whole, was
paid by the refiners in New York. The tariff
as it now stands gives an advantage to the
refiners in Cuba of about three fourths of a
cent, a pound. I have no doubt whatever,
therefore, that it is the duty of Congress to so
adjust the tariff and the internal tax system as
to afford additional protection to this interest.
Mr. CAMERON. I am in favor of taking
off all the items which were left out of the bill
by the Committee of Ways and Means of the
other House; and I think there is some reason
why special legislation may be had for the sugar
refiners. I understand that by our tax laws
and tariff laws, taking the whole revenue sys-
tem together, the business has been almost
destroj ed in this country, or is at least in dan-
ger of destruction. Within the last month
there was imported into the city of Baltimore
alone, a cargo of fifteen hundred hogsheads of
sugar, which, compared with the article made
in this country, is entirely of the same quality,
and even perhaps a little better. I have before
me two samples of sugar, one made in Dema-
rara and the other made in the city of Phila-
delphia, and the Senate will see by comparison
that they are precisely alike ; and yet under
our existing system there is a discrimination in
favor of the foreign producer of about one cent
a pound. Nobody can tell the difference in
quality on looking at these two samples.
Our existing laws offer an inducement to the
foreign manufacturer to send his sugar here in
a refined condition. The importation of par-
tially refined sugar for this year will not fall
short of two hundred and fifty million pounds,
to produce which requires three hundred and
five million pounds of raw sugar. Thus the
foreign producers, by importing it in the con-
dition shown 111 the sample before me, save the
duty on fifty-five million pounds of raw sugar.
The American manufacturer must buy the
crude sugar in the same place and pay for the
molasses the same tax he pays for the sugar,
and the same for the dirt, and the same for the
waste, and everything else included in the gross
amount. The foreign producer pays, in the
importation I have stated, on molasses half a
cent a pound on forty-two million five hundred
thousand pounds imported into this country,
and he pays no duty upon twelve million 6vb
hundred thousand pounds of dirt which he
does not import. I could go on and show that
the revenue would be increased by taking off
this tax entirely and imposing an additional
duty on imported refined sugar; but, as there
seems to be a disposition to take the bill just
as it came from the other House, I will with-
hold any remarks on that point with the hope
that it will not be necessary to make them. I
shall vote for the motion to strike out every-
thing that has been added by the I?inanee Com-
mittee of the Senate. If Senators will look at
these two samples of sugar I think they will
derive some information that may be useful.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, until this
bill was introduced, the policy of protection
was by the friends of that policy supposed to
be the policy of the Government. I do not
understand the Senate to be ready now to
abandon that policy. It is not abandoned by
this bill. I do not so understand them, because
yesterday, although their attention was called
to the fact that the existing tariff was .made
what it is because of the amount of internal
taxes imposed upon the domestic manufac-
tures, and only on that account, as far as the
debates on that occasion give us any informa-
tion, they refused to reduce at all the impost
duties. Now, I suppose that the reason for
refusing to reduce the one and for reducing the
other is because without the existence of both
the domestic article cannot be manufactured
with anything like a profit.
The bill upon the table, as it came to us
from the House of Representatives, removed
the internal tax from all the. articles of do-
mestic manufacture contained in the particular
schedule referred to. In that schedule sugar;
and the other articles mentioned by the hon-
orable member from California were included.
They were, therefore, to have the benefit of
the protection which it is the object of the bill
to afford ; and one would suppose that the
Senate would think that they were entitled to
the benefit of the protection which is afforded
by the impost upon the articles which the
Finance Committee have thought proper to
exclude, as well as the benefit of a reduction
of the internal tax upon these articles. The
honorable member from Ohio, the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, as the organ of
that committee, tells ns that we cannot afford
to do without the amount of revenue which
the tax upon refined sugar brings into the
Treasury. He says, and no doubt says cor-
rectly, that it is some two million dollars a
year; and he says, also, that it ought to be ex-
cluded from the benefit of this bill, because it
is very easily collected in the first place, and
because it is not in the power of the parties
engaged in this manufacture to cheat the Gov-
ernment. They are in point of fact hor.est,
either because they are honest in themselves;
or they are honest, in point of fact, because it
is not in their power to defraud the Govern-
ment, and we will therefore make them pay
what wo will not make others pay, no matter
what may be the effect upon the article.
Mr. WILLIAMS. We cannot make others
pay.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, you can. However,
that is not the question before us. You do not,
from some cause or other, make them pay.
Mr. President, whether free trade, in the
absolute sense of that term, would at this time
be the proper policy of the Government is a
question which I do not propose to argue. I
do not think it would; but very many reasons
might be given in support of that doctrine.
One thing is certain : that wo do not mean to
adopt it. We mean to continue what we have
done in the past to protect our domestic in-
dustry. Then the question in relation to every
article of domestic industry is what protection
