1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4029
notes. The Government cannot redeem the
uotes without gold any more than a man can
pay his debts without money, and the gold
cannot be obtained all at once upon a given
day, but it must be collected and reserved.
What day that shall be, what time shall be
fixed to begin this wprk, I am not now pre-
pared to say ; but we are prepared to say that
we will begin the work of reserving the gold
Cor that purpose.
We have now in the Treasury a large amount
of surplus gold. We have sold within one
year cack perhaps $40,000,000 that might
also have been reserved for this very purpose.
We shall collect in the next year at least
$-10,000,000 of gold that may be reserved for
this purpose ; and in the course of a year from
this time we shall have a very large sum. If
we now declare that this gold is to be held as
a reaeive for the purpose of redeeming these
notes, it would at once give the notes a credit
they have never had, as I believe. I heard
one of the ablest financiers in the country—it
was his suggestion—say that the very exist-
ence of a large surplus of gold in the Treasury,
although there was no declared purpose for
which it was held, gave a strength and sup-
port and credit to the legal-tender notes from
expectation of the people that at some time
that gold would be applied to their redemp-
tion. «
Mr. President, the Senator from New York
says that we resolved that contraction should
cease. What kind of contraction ? Not con-
traction by redeeming our notes in gold and
then building up the credit of the Govern-
ment; but contraction by taking in these
notes and putting out gold-bearing bonds.
That did not restore the credit of the country;
it simply gave one form of paper for another.
That kind of contraction ceased, and ought to
have ceased some time before it did. But, sir,
let us hold the gold and collect more, and
then say that at a certain time, a year hence
or two years hence, whatever time Congress in
its wisdom next winter may say, the Gov-
ernment shall begin to redeem these notes;
and my prediction is that before you get to
the time fixed the premium on gold will be
down to almost nothing, and a greenback will
be as good as gold, and when a greenback is
as good as gold it settles the question as to
how the bonds are to be paid and it settles
a hundred other difficult and troublesome
questions.
Sir, we have a debased and depreciated cur-
rency to-day not worth more than seventy
cents on the dollar. This lies at the founda-
tion of all our financial troubles, and I believe
the way to begin is to begin at the foundation,
to take some step directly in the direction of
returning to specie payment. Let us say
to day that we pledge the surplus gold in the
Treasury and that which shall accumulate this
financial year and the next to the redemp-
tion of the legal-tender notes, and the very
moment that declaration becomes a law, in my
opinion the premium on gold will go down one
hall'.
Mr. FRELINGHUY8EN. Mr. President,
1 understand the argument of the Senator from
Indiana to be that the best mode to improve
our financial condition is to inerrease the public
confideuce in our ability and intention to pay.
I agree that this is the grand idea to our finan-
cial recovery. We want to give confidence to
the people; and the suggestion made by the
Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] that the
gold in the Treasury has some value in that
regard is well taken. But, Mr. President,
nothing can do so much to check the confidence
of the American people in the purpose of the
Government to deal fairly with its creditors as
suggestions every now and then thrown out that
we are not legally bound to pay as the people of
the United States understand that we under-
took to pay that debt. Nothing is so injurious j
to this country as the suggestion that our secur- j
ities are to be paid in promises instead of in j
dollars, as made in the Senate yesterday. The j
Republican party at Chicago took the true i
ground on this subject when it declared in these
impressive words:
"We denounce all forms of repudiation as a na-
tional crime, and the national honor requires the
paymeiit of the public indebtedness in the utmost
KGOd faith to all creditors at home and abroad, not
only according to the letter, but according to the
spirit of the law under which they were contracted."
" Notonlyaccordingto the letter, butaccord-
ing to the spirit," " the utmost good faith,"
are the expressions of our party. Can any
one deny that, when that convention met, there
were some in the country who insisted that our
securities might lawfully be paid in promises
to pay in greenbacks ; and can any one deny
that that delaration of the convention was made
for the express purpose of negativing the idea
that they were to be paid in anything else than
coin ? That was the purpose of that provis-
ion of the platform, and it was received by this
country with acclamation ; and I think that
wherever a leader undertakes te commit this
party to any other doctrine than that we are to
pay all our securities as those who took them
understood they were to be paid, he goes con-
trary to the avowed principles of his party and
does it great injury. And while my distin-
guished friend from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
would be selected by me, perhaps, sooner than
any other Senator to be my leader, he cannot
represent me or my constituents in holding the
doctrine that the bonds of this country are pay-
able in any other mode than those who received
the bonds understood and had a right to under-
stand they were to be paid; and I am satisfied
that any party which holds a contrary doctrine
underrates the integrity of the American peo-
ple ; the honor of this country is sacred to
them. They have invested their money for the
purpose of saving this country, and it has been
wrung from the sweat of honest toil at the loom
and anvil and plow ; and the people are ready
to pay the last farthing of it.
Sly learned friend in his argument said that
the law does not require that these securities
should be paid in com. 1 do not agree with
him. I understand that by the custom of
this and of every other Government, its prom-
ises were always payable in coin; and unless
some declaration is made in the law contra-
vening that custom, when this country makes
a promise it is by strict legal construction
payable in coin. 1 have examined these stat-
utes. The statutes says that the interest shall
be payable in coin, without saying the princi-
pal. Why? Because it was at a time when
specie payments were suspended : and it was !
only to give the assurance that notwithstand- '
ing specie payments were suspended else-
where, and as to other contracts, this interest
as it accrued should be paid in coin. It does
not say the principal, because that would be
a work of supererogation ; and no one doubted
that if the country was saved before the prin-
cipal fell due, being twenty years after date,
we would have resumed specie payment, and
I do not doubt it now. We find, too, by looking
at the act of February 25, 1862, that the Gov-
ernment has by law provided that both the
principal and interest shall be paid in coin, for I
that act expressly declares that there shall be
a sinking fund set aside, not to pay the inter-
est of these bonds alone, but also to pay the j
principal. j
But it is argued that because the act of !
March 3, 1803, authorizing the issue of what j
are known as ten-forties, provides that the prin- ;
cipal as well as the interest shall be paid in j
coin, that the omission of such a provision as !
to the principal in the prior acts is very sig- j
nificant. The fact that the law creating the J
ten-forties states that the principal is to be ;
paid in coin has no significance. j
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask my friend to allow |
the funding bill to be taken up. It is manifest j
that the other bill is lost sight of and we can- :
not get a vote on it to-day, and then his speech i!
would be nearer the question before the Senate. ;!
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN1, I shall detain
the Senate but a minute or two longer.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is manifest that a vote
cannot be obtained on this bill to-day.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will finish my
remarks, Mr. President.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The act of
March 3, 1863, does say that the principal is
to be paid in coin. But if any one will look at
that act of March 3, 1803, he will find that the
second act provides for the issue of Treasury
notes which arc not to be payable ia coin, but
to be payable by express provision in lawful
money, and therefore it was requisite in the
sam« act to specify how the principal of these ten-
forties should be paid. As the act necessarily
provided that the Treasury notes should be paid
in lawful money, when speaking of the princi-
pal of these bonds it became necessary to say
that they should be paid in coin ; and that is
elearlv the manner in which the expression " in
coin " grew into that act.
Besides, those who invested in these bonds
had the declaration of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, Mr. Chase, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, Mr. Fessenden, and Mr. McCullough, that
these securities were to be paid in eoin. We
had the declaration and the public adver-
tisements of the agents of this Government;
and we all sat here and saw those advertise-
ments made without ever controverting or con-
tradicting them; and the people of this coun-
try, men who had fifty and one hundred dollars
which they had earned by hard toil came for-
ward with the capitalist and poured their money
into the Treasury and took our securities. I
rejoice that the great liberty party of the coun-
try, the strength of which consists in its advo-
cacy of what is right and just, have in their
platform declared that those securities shall be
paid in the utmost good faith and according
to the letter and the spirit of the contract.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, unless we can have
a vote I ask that the funding bill be taken up.
Mr. CATTELL. I hope that the vote will
he taken now.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have a vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Morton',] on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 30 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Corbett, Edmunds, Morton, Os-
born, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeioy, Itamsey.and
Wade—8.
X ATS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron,Cattell,Chand-
ler, Cole, Conness, Ferry, Fessenden, i'reiinghuysen,
Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard%McCreery,
McDonald, Morgan, ^ye, Patterson of Xew Hamp-
shire, Rico, Rshe'l>}an, Sumner, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Viekers, Welch, Whytc, Wilier, Williams, and
Wilson—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Conkiing,
Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake. Fowler,
Grimes, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Norton, Saulsbury, Sprague, Stewart, Thayer, Van
Winkle, and Yates—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. At the suggestion of
several Senators I will change my amendment
so as to offer it as an additional section and
not as a substitute, leaving the bill to stand,
and moving as an additional section the amend-
ment which I offer, striking out the words re-
lating to the compound-interest notes; in the
third line striking out the words "redeeming
and retiring the remainder of the compound-
interest, notes and in the twenty-eighth and
twenty-ninth lines striking out the words " or
compound-interest notes with the interest ac-
crued thereon."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am embarrassed to
know how to vote upon the amendment pro- *
posed by the Senator from Illinois. The evil
of accumulating gold in the Treasury ought u>
be overcome if possible ; but I do not like this
mode of overcoming it. My opinion is that
the tariff ought to be so adjusted as to bring
into the Treasury only the amount of gold that
the demands in gold upon the Treasury re-
quire, This system of collecting by duties
$50,000,000 each year more than are required in
