1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30G5
are canceled, is it not competent for Georgia
to cut off, by a constitutional provision, the
collection of all debts created before a certain
time? I answer no; there is no parallel what-
ever between the cases. What is a bankrupt
law? It is certain provisions supposed to be
equitable by which the debtor upon the surren-
der of all his property, except, that which the
law may give him to prevent his family from
being beggared, is finally, on compliance with
certain conditions, released from his debts. It
applies to eases of bankruptcy where men are
unable to pay their debts, where they surrender
their property fairly and fully to their creditors.
But this provision does not applyto bankrupts.
It applies to the wealthy as well as to the poor.
It cuts off' the collection of all debts.
The Constitution of the United States ex-
pressly provides that Congress may pass a
general bankrupt law. That is one of the
powers expressly conferred upon the Govern-
ment of the United States; and the same
instrument says that no State shall pass a law
impairing the obligation of a contract. There
is no provision in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States saying that Congress may not pass a
law impairing the obligation of a contract.
That prohibition is contined to the States. I
believe Congress has uniformly refrained from
passing such laws, although there may be no
constitutional provision prohibiting them. This
prohibition is directed expressly to the States ;
but no act can be referred to on the part of
Congress looking in that direction, except the
bankrupt law, which is entirely different in its
character from the act here referred to.
My friend from Oregon says that some phil-
osophers and publicists have discussed the
question of abolishing all laws for the collec-
tion of debts, leaving all debts to be paid
simply upon honor. 1 have read some essays
on that subject, but they were always to take
effect in the future. They provided that some
period should be fixed, and after that period
there should be no laws for the collection of
debts, the effect of which would be to make
men careful in contracting debts or in giving
credit, giving credit only to persons of good
character, who they believed would pay their
debts honestly and honorably. I never even
heard that question discussed as being made
applicable to debts already contracted; but
the theory was put out with reference to a
future time, after which there should be no
collection of debts by law.
Now, in regard to the collection of debts for
slave property, this bill provides that there
shall be no debts collected for slave property.
We accept that. What is the reason of it? It
stands upon the general principle that has been
recognized by the laws of the United States,
that slavery does not exist by virtue of national j
law, but only by virtue of positive law, and ,
that slaves are no consideration for a contract
except by virtue of positive law ; and that
when that positive law is withdrawn the con-
sideration falls to the ground. The whole policy
of this Government has been changed ill the
last five years. Slavery has been abolished,
and we now recognize the doctrine that siaveiy
is immoral, and that slaves are an immoral con-
sideration for a contract, and that it cannot
stand. I know there arc those who still insist
that a debt contracted for slaves ought to be
collectable. I will not stop to argue that
question, but I will say that there is a broad
distinction between debts contracted for slave
property and debts contracted for other prop-
erty that is recognized by the law of nations
and the natural law.
Mr. WILLIAMS.^ I should like to ask my
friend a question, with his permission.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Does not that proviso
impair the obligation of a contract? If the
contract was legal and valid at the time it was
made, and the proviso undertakes to abolish
the contract, does it not impair its obligation
Mr. MORTON. I am not disposed to argue
the question iu regard to slave property. It
may, iu one sense, impair the obligation. 1
mean to say, however, that contracts of that
kind are held, by what is now the settled policy
of this country, and by what ought to have
been its policy always, to stand upon a differ-
ent obligation,-a different footing morally, and
perhaps legally, from contracts of any other
kind. Slave property was swept away ; those
owning slaves lost them; and it was perhaps
just as proper that those owning choses in
action, debts, promissory notes, and bills of
exchange given for slaves should lose them,
also.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Indiana this question: whether
a contract for slaves made before the proclama-
tion of January, 1863, is not obligatory in law ;
whether it could be avoided at all by any legal
means ? I agree with him entirely in his views
of the morality of the subject, and I have done
so for many years; but nevertheless I hold
that such a contract is legal and binding, and
could be enforced.
Mr. MORTON. I must answer that ques-
tion as I did the question asked by the Senator
from Oregon. If John Brown just before the
emancipation proclamation sold a slave to John
Doe, and the proclamation and the thirteenth
article of the Constitution came in afterward
and took away the slave from John Doe with-
out compensation, would it not be just as fair
that John Brown should lose his note?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think my friend from
Indiana has fallen into agrievous error. John
Doe never dealt in anything but real estate,
and John Brown never dealt in slaves, [laugh-
ter:] so I think he ought to take a better illus-
tration.
Mr. MORTON. That is all very well, ex-
cept that my friend is not well informed. He
supposes that there was never but one John
Brown who was hung over here in Cbarlestown,
Virginia.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only one I know.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator's acquaint-
ance is somewhat contracted. [Laughter.]
So far as John Doc is concerned, he will serve
just as well for an illustration here as he does
in a fictitious case for the recovery of property
in an action of ejectment. That does not
affect the character of the illustration. I say,
if it was right and proper for us to take the
slave from the purchaser without compensa-
tion, it was just as proper that the man who
sold him and held the note for him, should fail
to collect the note. Will the Senator tell me
the distinction between the two cases?
Mr. HENDRICKS. May I ask my col-
league one question ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Suppose that A should
sell to B a horse, and the officers of the Army,
three or four days afterward, should comealong
and find it absolutely necessary to take that
horse, and that without compensation ; would
it lie in the mouth of the vendee to say that he
lost his property, and therefore as between him
and the vendor the consideration fell?
Mr. MORTON. I do not think that is a very
hard question. If the officers found it a mili-
tary necessity—which you know covers a great
j many things-—to take the hor e, the Govern-
ment is still bound to pay for the horse when-
j: ever it becomes able to do so. The obligation
j' exists on the part of the Government to pay for
il the horse; so that the case of the horse is essen-
tially different from that of the slave. ^ I think
!' my colleague fell into an error as grievous as
that with which the Senator from Ohio charged
i! me, because he had never heard of any John
jl Brown except the one wno died at Cliailes-
!; town.
|l I do not feel disposed to argue this question
j, in regard to slave, property or notes_ given for
,:i slave°properiv. I assume, and 1 think it has
!> been the general sentiment of the country, that
!'i old debts created for slave-property should not
i1 be enforced. I tnmk that that position is coil-
s' sistent with the moral sentimentof the country,
1 is consistent with the act of emancipation itselt;
j: but whether I am right or wrong about that, it
ii furnishes no sort ot argument for the general
act of repudiation contained in the constitution
of Georgia.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to make a few
remarks in reference to this subject. In rela-
tion to the first section of the fifth article of
which the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
has spoken, I agree with him cordially, that it
does necessarily impair the obligation of con-
tracts, and ought not to be sanctioned by the
Congress of the United States. I do not see
how we can do it. I shall not attempt to dis-
cuss it. I think the argument of the Senator
from Indiana perfectly sound and logical on
that point. But I cannot concur with the prin-
ciple that he has enunciated, that because
slavery was an immorality and is regarded as
an immorality at the present time, therefore a
contract which was made for the purchase of
slaves is necessarily immoral. That does not
follow at all. By law, by authority of law,
slavery is not only held to be illegal, but im-
moral ; but no law in any State, and no decis-
ion of any court in any State, has ever sup-
ported or even hinted at the idea that a contract
which was legal before the abolition of slavery,
is not so now because it is immoral or wrong.
I know of no decision in any place in the Uni-
ted States that has been made 011 such a prin-
ciple as that; and I was astonished to-day to
hear it asserted by any person that such a
contract is illegal, and cannot be enforced in
law. So far as the immorality of the question
is concerned, I held the same opinion twenty
years ago that I do now, at a time when scarcely
any person else did. No court held to any
such doctrine as that, nor do they hold to any
such doctrine yet. I think a contract for
slaves made prior to the abolition of slavery,
or to the emancipation proclamation, is per-
fectly legal and would be held to be legal in
every State of the United States. I do not
know of a solitary decision to the contrary.
Mr. FRBL1NGHUYSEN. 1 have listened
to this debate with some interest, and the only
argument, the only plausible apology that I
have heard for the introduction of this pro-
vision in the constitution of Georgia was that
advanced by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Howe,] that it was hard to compel persons
who made contracts, payable in so many dol-
lars, which really was intended to be confeder-
ate money, to answer a judgment for a like
number of dollars, which, perhaps, would be
one hundred times the value. That is the only
plausible apology that I have heard for this
provision in the constitution of Georgia. But to
attain that end we are not at liberty to violate
the plain provisions of the Constitution of the
United States and to give our sanction to the
impairing of contracts by a State. To reach that
end we are not at liberty to violate all con tracts
between the South and the North and all con-
tracts which have not the peculiar feature to
which the Senator alludes ; and it seems to me
perfectly easy to remedy the evil to which the
I Senator from Wisconsin thinks this provision
I is directed without any such provision in the
| Constitution. What is easier than that the
; Legislature of Georgia, as soon as they eou-
} vene, should pass a statute enacting that all
I contracts made in view of being paid in con-
| federate money shall be satisiied by a payment
! in money of the United States to an amount
i equal to the value of the money at that time,
i and let a jury find the amount. It is not neces-
! sary to attain the only possible good that has
! been suggested to grow out of this provision
! for us to ignore the Constitution of the United
; States and to violate hundreds of contracts
which have not the feature to which the Sena-
tor alludes.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I do not rise
for the purpose of discussing the merits ot the
!' bill before the Senate, nor even of the amena-
j: ment promised by the honorable Senator from
: Ohio : but merely to assign the reasons why
I' I shall not vote either for or against that
i amendment. .
: In my judgment, the so-called reconstruction
' laws of Congress are utterly in excess ot the
I legislative power; and in my judgment the
