1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59 T
petent for Congress to have intervened, and by
law to have continued the officer at the head
of the army of the Potomac or at the head of
the army of the Cumberland? Most clearly
so. The opposite doctrine involves the fatal
theory that the President, by his incapacity, or
by his dishonesty, or by his subserviency to the
caprices and evil purposes of other men, may
ruin the country as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army.
Sir, I say in one word, we may by solemn
act which shall have the force and effect of
law, "set a squadron in the field " if we think
it necessary for the public welfare to do so.
What do we propose by this bill? We have
said that the General of the Army shall detail
officers to the command of the several mil-
itary districts, the number of districts hav-
ing by previous law been fixed at five. We
do nothing more in principle than what has
been done previously and often under the
Constitution. We do that ohly which is au-
thorized by the Constitution ; we do that only
which in principle is absolutely essential to
the public safety. If you take the opposite
view and say that Congress cannot intervene,
then our Army may be dispersed ; three fourths
of it may be sent by authority of the President
to freeze in the wilds of Alaska, and if we
acquire St. Thomas the remainder may be
transported to be shaken by earthquakes there.
Sir, our power is higher and holier than the
execution of a policy in subservience to the will
of the President. We are elected by the peo-
ple to express their will under the Constitution,
and if in doing so we deem it important that a
particular officer of the Army shall do a par-
ticular service, then we make that will a part
of the law of the land. That law will control
the President as it will control the lieutenant
of a regiment serving on the Rio Grande.
I desire, before taking my seat, to call the
attention of the House and of the country to
the tendency of the reactionary movement
which has taken place in two or throe States
of this country. Ohio and New Jersey, under
the lead of this reactionary feeling, temporary,
I have no doubt, but still formidable, propose
to withdraw the consent which those States
have given to the fourteenth article of amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman permit
me 
Mr. BOUT WELL. I cannot yield. I have
bnt little time left, and the gentleman had an
opportunity the other day to make a speech.
Mr. WOOD. I had no opportunity. [Laugh-
ter.] I would like to put a question to the
gentleman.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot yield now. The
effect, Mr. Speaker, of this reactionary move-
ment is to invite repudiation of the national
debt and the assumption of the southern rebel
debt. Above all, if this is to be a " white man's
government," and these ten States are to be
restored on that principle, then one hundred
thousand white men in the South will exercise
political power equal to that possessed by one
hundred and fifty-two thousand white men in
the North. That is the entertainment to which
the northern people are invited if they deny to
the black men of the South the right to vote
and the right to be represented in the govern-
ment of the country.
More than that, we ate thus invited to create
an American Ireland, ten times as large as '1 the
Emerald Isle" which sits upon the borders of
the Atlantic in poverty, misery, and civil war,
her sons driven to other lands or groaning under
oppression at home. Above all, this reac-
tionary and unjust policy scatters the four
millions of black people, who otherwise would
enjoy homes and a happy existence in the
South, over the North to compete with the free
laborers of that region. Thus, if this policy
be pursued, will Divine Justice inflict the pen-
alty of national iniquity upon all the people of
the land.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, whenever I
hear the earnest, the energetic, and the elo-
quent voice of the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] lam reminded
of the public men who in olden times have
acted the part he is now acting in this House
and before the people of this country. When
I see the course of the honorable gentleman
so^earnest, so devoted to his principles, what-
ever they are; so faithful and energetic in the
promulgation of them—above all, sincere;
which all gentleman are not; and when I con-
sider the object of this bill, to turn a military
man into a dictator over one half of this coun-
try and to subvert all the civil powers of this
Government, I am reminded of those scenes
which happened in the Cromwellian Parlia-
ment, when a Congress not unlike this, through
its "Praise-God Barebones," wished to create
a dictatorship like that which the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts is now support-
ing. And Praise-God Barebones was equally
sincere, equally energetic, equally faithful to
his principles, equally determined to overthrow
the constitution of England and inaugurate a
dictator of the Cromwellian dynasty in its
stead. We have now proposed in this House
a military dictatorship—the subversion and
destruction of all the powers of this Govern-
ment— and the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, energetic and devoted, like his
Puritan ancestors, advocates and upholds this
measure, following precedents which I had
supposed were exploded-long ago in England.
But "there is nothing new under the sun."
The world rolls on, and the ever-recurring
scenes are the same. History bnt repeats
itself. Whoever looks-upon the action of this
House to-day finds that we are doing now
exactly what was proposed in the Parliament
of England in the days of Cromwell, when the
like purpose of creating a dictatorship for
one man arbitrarily to rule over thousands of
others.
"A republican form of government" the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts is
particularly earnest that this Congress shall
create. What authority has this Congress to
create "a republican form of government?"
A republican form of government springs from
the people—front the sovereign people in their
primary assemblies and particular States, never
by authority or direction of Congress. If the
gentleman is so anxious to create "a repub-
lican form of government" why does he favor
the exclusion of thousands and tens of thou-
sands and hundreds of thousands of intelligent
white men, and intrust the govemment to the
most ignorant portions of the population of
those States ? Do you call that a republican
form of government which ignores women,
which ignores minors, which thus ignores more
than one half of the body-politic, which denies
to white women, far more intelligent than these
negroes, the right of suffrage and self-govern-
ment, and which gives the ignorant, the bru-
talized negro of the South the power to govern
the women, the wives, and the sisters of the
people of the South; and above all, puts us of
the North, whose wives and children are denied
suffrage, into copartnership with and under the
control of those negro States of the South as
they will be represented here upon the floor
of this House.
Mr. KELLEY. With the consent of the
gentleman I desire to correct a single statement
which he has made. The whole number of the
white population disfranchised in the South by
the legislation of Congress is not fifty thousand.
It is largely exaggerated by the statement of
the gentleman.
Mr. BROOKS. Sir, it is easy to make asser-
tions upon the floor of this House. I say the
number is nearer two hundred and fifty thousand
than fifty thousand. But, sir, let me answer
the gentleman in another way. By the consti-
tution of Alabama, about to be presented to this
House, every man who cannot take an oath that
for all time he will support negro suffrage, is to
be disfranchised. In this way almost the whole
white population of Alabama will be excluded,
and the whole governmental power of that State
will be thrown into the hands of the negro
population.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman will yield
me the time I will show that my assertion is
not mere assertion; I will demonstrate it by
the facts. The gentleman speaks of what has
been done by the constitution of Alabama. I
desire to say that that constitution 
Mr. BROOKS. I cannot allow any further
interruption.
Mr. KKLLEY. The gentleman will permit
me to finish the sentence. The constitution
of Alabama is yet to come before Congress.
It has not been submitted to the people.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] tried to alarm the
country by foretelling that the Democracy, if
reinstated in power, would undo what the
Republicans have been doing; but I think he
will give joy to the country rather than alarm
by assuring them of that. He instanced, to
increase that alarm, what the Democracy had
been doing in Ohio and in New Jersey, and to
them he might have added New York. Sir,
Ohio and New Jersey are but the beginning
of the end. We intend to undo almost every-
thing that has been done for the last three
years by this and the preceding Congress. We
intend to change the present majority here, and
to repeal all the destructive acts which you now
have in process of construction.
The proceedings in Ohio and in New Jersey
are but the beginning in that great march of
revolution which has already made its appear-
ance elsewhere. The precedents, preroga-
tives, and powers which the majority of this
House are assuming in the most revolutionary
manner, we intend to make use of, for the pur-
pose of undoing the revolutionary and uncon-
constitutional proceedings here ; to hold them
up as precedents and prerogatives wherewith to
destroy the most of these acts.. And the honor-
able gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout-
well] may as well know now as hereafter that
we intend to carry on these reactionary proceed-
ings to the legitimate end. We do not intend to
deprive the negro of his liberty or of his civil
rights. We do intend to allow them five-fifths
representation in Congress in lieu of the three-
fifths in the Constitution before it was amended,
and we intend to give the negro in the South
every right and privilege that the negro has
in the North. But we do not intend to let
the people of the North be brought into a
negro copartnership and be ruled by rotten
borough negro communities in the South.
We do not intend to sacrifice our white man's
government and make it a government of
black men, South or North.
We intend, in short, to undo all your radical,
revolutionary proceedings here, not by force,
but by the might and majesty of the people
operating through the ballot-box. We have
already undone them in part by legislation in
Ohio and New Jersey, and if you press on such
violent measures as you have been pressing here
the week past, we intend to undo them in New
York by no hfty thousand majority as in Novem-
ber last, but by one hundred thousand at least.
The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
may, then, well be alarmed at the reaction
which has already taken place there, for every
bad thing, sir, that has been done is to be
undone. The coming voice of the people is no
longer heard in whispers, but in the loud roar
of the whirlwind which rushes up from all parts
of the country ; and the time will come, sooner
or later, when, instead of the, present large
majority upon this floor, the people will sub-
stitute in their place a large majority of the
Democracy. If the statistics of election be
entered into it will be found that a considerable
majority of those on that side of the House,
holding seats and voting for all of these bills,
no longer represent their constituents, but on
the contrary, act in open and utter defiance of
the will of the people who sent them here.
But, sir, there is little that is new here or
elsewhere, and little that is new in history, as
I started with saying. There is no novelty in
a struggle to consolidate this Government and
to do away with the States. There was a party
at the foundation of the Government which
