1868.]
J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
481
40th Coxg....2d Sess.
Funding the National Debt—Mr. Marshall.
Ho. of Reps.
when gold was the only lawful money, and had after-
w.ud created a different species of less value to pay
in, wc miorbt have been accused of foul dealing,
though in doing so we would only have followed the
repeated example of Governments older than ours,
und of much greater pretensions.
44Can the creditor complain that he had no notice
of the new money when the very act;that authorized
the loan created the new money? Can he complain
that he had no notice when he loaned the new
money, every note of which told him in language
which he could not mistake that he must takeall-his
ptLy in it except the interest? He hoped the new
money would soon be as good as coin, but he knew
that it might not be. In taking the bond betook
that risk, and, as I will show, he took the bond at a
rate which fully paid him for the risk. If the Govern-
ment owes the, money in goidit should pay it in gold;
if it owes it in currency it should pay it in currency.
It is just as bad faith to pay the money of the peo-
ple to thoee who are not entitled to it as to refuse to
pay it to those who are. We administer this money
as trustees, and bad faith toward the cestui que trust
is woise, if different at all, than bad faith toward a
stranger. Now, I admit the agents of the Govern-
ment who negotiated the loan promised the lenders
that the principal should be paid in gold. I admit
that the chief one of them, Mr. Jay Cooke, in a letter
which was published at the time, even went so far as
to say that Congress had already made provision for
the payment of the principal in gold. It is not pre-
tended that these agents had legal power to vary the
contract, but it is said that Congress, the only body
authorized to bind the Government in the premises,
acquiesced in the declaration of these agents by
silence. Truly a novel mode of binding the Govern-
ment to pay money. Hardly even an ingonious
invention in the way of legislation. But was Con-
gress silent? It had already spoken in the enact-
ment that authorized the loan. It is constantly
speaking in that enactment, published as it is to the
-world and made legal and binding and continuing
notice to everybody. More than that; Congress
circulated far and wide on the back of every legal-
tender note issued its notice that the principal of
these bonds was to be paid in currency, and its cau-
tion to everybodynotto believe the false promises of
these agents.
"Now, I would very much regret to believe that,
the holders of these bonds took them under a^ mis-
apprehension that the Government had bound itself
to pay the principal in gold. But did they do so?
Were they deceived, or rather did they not know
that these agents were hired to sell the bonds for a
commission upon the amount sold?
" What I propose to show is, that the original
holdeis of the loan took it at as one the principal of
whieh was to be paid in currency, and that the loan
has since that time passed from hand to hand in the
markets of the country and abroad, and is .at this
time passing as one the principal of which is to be
paid in currency.
"The bonds which are now maturing at the option
of the Government were issued pursuant to the act
of February 25,18<32. They were made payable in live
years, though not demandable until the expiration
of twenty. This was the act which created the new
money, the legal-tendernotes,called currency to dis-
tinguish them from coin, though with no great pro-
priety. The loan, amounting to $514,7SO,50O, was all
taken in currency and at par. I do not remember
at what date after the passage of the act the negotia-
tion began, probably about July 1, 1862, Up to Juno
30,1863, §168,880,250 had been negotiated. An addi-
tional amount of ^341,900,250 was negotiated during
the year ending June 30,1864, and the remaining
$4,000,000 during the following thirteen months.
"Now, during the year ending June 30,1863, the
average price of gold was $137 S3, and as the interest
was payable in coin the average rate of interest at
which the loan was taken during that year was $8 27
per £100. This was the rate which the lenders had a
right xo expect, but the rate actually received for
that year was still more. The average price of gold
in the November and May following, when the inter-
est was payable, was $163 75; so that the rate actu-
ally received for that year was $9 82 per $100. And
all this, too, was over and all taxation except
the small pittance of inconf^ax, amounting to but
thirty cents per $100 of loan.
"The average price of gold during the year ending
June 30,1864, the year in which ncarlv all theremain-
der of the loan was taken, was $158 08. The rate of
interest, therefore, which the parlies had a right to
expect was SO 48and the rate actually received,
governed by the average price of gold in November
and May of that year, was 781*.
" If the advocates of this claim of the five-twenty
bondholders are to be believed, here was a contract,
under which the Government borrowed $}0O at an
average rate of $9 08 per annum, with a promise to
pay $151 33 at tho maturity of the bond if the cur-
rency system should continue the same, and with no
possibility of loss if it should not. # .
'* Now, sir, bear in mind that during all this time
there was the usual amount of borrowing and loan-
ing going on in the community at six per cent, for
permanent loans, payable, both interest and prmei-
§al, in currency; loans which were subjcct to United
tates. State, and municipal taxation to more than
six times the amount of ineomo taxation on the
publio bonds. ^ xo
Were the people afraid to trust the Government?
Why, it could purchase in the markets on time on
the same terms with individuals. AH its promises
to pay in currency passed even on more favorable
terms than the aver ago similar ones of individuals.
40th Cong. '2d Sess.'—No. 31.
Its gold certificates, which were promises to pay fcold,
always passed for about the price of gold. Jloro than
all this, the public faith in tho Government fulfill-
ing its promises to the letter was tested and proved
by placing tho seven-thirty notes in the market side
by side with these bonds. The notes bore a lessrate
of interest than the bonds. They were avowedly
payable, principal and interest, in currency. Yet
they were taken at par and with great avidity. You
will say they were convertible into tho bonds. True;
and this might make them as good as the bonds, but
no better. Yet they were taken in preference to the
bonds, and difficulty was experienced in inducing
the holders to part with them for the bonds.
" Upon this branch of the argument, therefore, we
have the facts that the original holders paid for the
bonds in currency; they took them at a price which
could only be justified upon the hypothesis that the
principal was to bepaidin currency; they hadbeforo
them the acts of Congress which expressly told them
that the principal was to be paid in currency; tboy
took them at the samo rate and side by side with the
obligations of theGovernment known to be payable
in currency and bearing a less rate of interest, and
finally the gold certificates of the Government always
sold in the samo market for tho price of gold. If,
after all this, anybody will say that these original
holders believed the Uovernmentto bo bound to pay
the principal in gold at maturity he will exhibit less
faith in the intelligence of tho bondholders than I
have."
And it is as clear as any proposition can be
that the bondholders have always understood
the law and the obligation of the Government
just as I contend it to be, and that they so
understand it now. Look at the intelligence
flashed across the Atlantic giving us daily
information of the market value of our five-
twenty bonds in Europe. The English three
per cent, bonds are quoted at nearly par, whHe
our six per cent, bonds, 011 which we pay the
interest regularly in gold, is quoted at about
seventy per cent.—or thirty per cent, discount.
We have never failed for an instant to pay the
interest faithfully and punctually. The ability
and good faith of our Government are doubted
nowhere. Six per cent, is a large interest in
Europe, and yet our six per cent, bonds are
and lmve been all the time at about thirty per
cent, discount. This can only be accounted
for on the ground that the bondholders do now,
and have all the time, known that we have
at any time after five years from the date of
the bond a perfect and unquestionable right
to pay the principal of these bonds in currency,
worth about seventy cents to the dollar, and
thereby stop the interest thereon forever. And
they never would have thought of being paid
in any other way if it had not been for the wolf
cry of the astute and excessively loyal politi-
cians of the Radical party. Thev have now
very willingly formed a "ring'' with the bond-
holders' candidate and the bondholders' party,
and would very gladly divide with them this
six hundred millions which it is proposed by
this most bold and atrocious robbery of any
age to filch from the already overburdened
and overtaxed people of our country.
CAS WE PAY THE DEBT IX GREEN"1R1CES WITHOUT
EUIXOCS INFLATION?
"But," says my loyal friend, ''how do you
propose to pay our debt in greenbacks'? We
have now in circulation only $350,000,000 in
legal-tender notes. How can you pay a debt of
$2,500,000,000 with that? If you put the paper-
mills to work and grind out §2,000,000,000
more in legal tenders, and thus pay the debt
at once, you will flood the country with a de-
preciated and irredeemable currency, and bring
disaster and ruin to every branch of business
in the country."
Now, those who talk in this way either do
not know what they are talking about, or they
are trying willfully to deceive the people. When
it is askedhow we will pay our debt with green-
backs without a further or ruinous issue thereof,
I might with greater propriety ask my "loyal"
friend how he expects to pay that debt with
gold. There is, in fact, no gold in circulation
among us as money. It is known to all intelli-
gent observers that there is not in the United
States to-day exceeding two hundred million
of gold, including the one hundred millions or
thereabouts in the Federal Treasury.^ Our
gold ooin has become a mere commodity instead
of being used as a circulating medium. There
is no demand for it among ourselves save for
imports, neither is it hoarded here. But the
demand from abroad is in excess of our supply.
Indeed, if we possessed all the gold that has
been coined in the United States from the
foundation of our Government it would fp.ll
far short of paying our national debt. Ours
has been the principal gold-producing country,
and yet the gold coinage of the United States
from 1792 to 18GG amounts to only $845,536,591,
not enough if we now had the whole of it to
pay one third of the audited and ascertained
public debt. But ours is and has ever been a
goid-exportingcountry, and, as 1 before stated,
we now have not in the entire country m'ore
than two hundred million dollars in gold,
while our national indebtedness amounts to
twenty-fire hundred millions, and we annually
export more than we produce. The production
of California does not exceed S50.000,000 per
annum, whilethere were exported to Europe—
In 1866 $88,044,071
in 1867  00,975,186
I have not the data to give the export for
the presentyear up to this time. For January
it was reported at $8,000,000, or at the rate of
ninety-six millions for the year. But as out
supply is nearly exhausted, I do not suppose it
will much exceed the production of our mines.
With these facts before us 1 again ask my
loyal friend how he expects to pay these bonds
in gold? If he admits that it cannot be done,
and yet insists that we have no right to pay in
anything but coin, it is he, and not I, that is the
practical repudiator. But no man who has
brains enough to count a hundred expects to
liquidate this enormous debt at one time or by
one siugle payment, and no sane man proposes
to issue greenbacks merely for the purpose of
paying the bonds therewith. We uo not ask
for an inflation of the currency. We do not
argue that it would be right, wise, or just vol-
untarily to produce such inflation, nor do we
purpose any such thing.
ALL RADICAL FINANCIAL MEASURES IIAVE BEES MIS-
ERABLE BLUNDERS AND FAILURES.
We ask you to stop your wolf cry of repudi-
ation when we propose in good faith to pay
these five-twenty bonds in strict compliance
with the contract made fey the Government,
and to listen to us while we show how this can
easily be done without additional taxation.
All your financial schemes and measures are
confessedly miserable blunders and failures,
and notwithstanding the enormous sums wrung
from the people by taxation the public debt
now, in a time of profound peace, is actually
increasing at the fearful rate of nearly ten mil-
lion dollars per month, and the debt bearing
coin interest is increasing at a still more fear-
ful rate. Let me give the figures from the offi-
cial reports of the Secretary of the Treasury.
THE PUBLIC DEBT NOW RAPIDLY INCREASING.
Debt bearing coin interest.
On the 1st of June, 1868, the debt bearing com inter-
est wa*  £2,020,8^7,841 80
On the 1st of May it was  1,^53,378,291 SO.
Increase in one month  $57,449,550 00
Entire Debt.
June 1, 1863, tho entire debt, less the cash in the
Treasury, was  $2,510,243,$$G 74
On the 1st of May it was, less tb c cash
in the Treasury  2.500,323,827 66
Increaso in one month..
717,050 IS
Thus it is seen that the increase in the pub-
lie debt for the last month of which we have
any official information was nearly ten million
dollars, while for the same month the increase
in the debt bearing gold interest was over fit ty-
seven millions, or at the rate, of nearly two mil-
lions per day. It is rumored, and currently be-
lieved, that if a report had been made trom the
