4030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julj 14,
gold under existing laws, and selling the ex-
cess, $10,000,000 at a time, in the market
seems to me to be very vicious. On the other
hand, it is an evil and a burden to commerce
that $100,000,000 should be kept idle in the
Treasury ; and I am very much embarrassed in
knowing how to vote. Perhaps to the extent
that accumulations have already taken place,
it will be safe to vote for the proposition, hoping
that the proposition which ought to be adopted
will be provided for before long.
Mr. CONKLING. It seems to me that the
amendment as now modified by the mover
obviates both the objections which we heard
from the honorable Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Oattell.] I was impressed with his
statement that the proposition at first was one
to employ com to extinguish the least costly
obligation of the Government, and I should
have been embarrassed in voting for the propo-
sition had it stood as a substitute for the whole
bill. Now, the two propositions taken to-
gether provide for the issue of three per cents,
to be held as a reserve ; and to that I am unable
to appreciate the objections assigned by the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin.
I understand in a word the history of that
matter to be this: originally a reserve was to
be held by the banks of lawful money, thereby
meaning legal-tender notes, the promises to
pay on demand of the United States. Under
that authority the banks assumed to hold com-
pound-interest notes, notes bearing interest at
the rate of six per cent., payable semi-annu-
ally, the accruing interest itself bearing inter-
est. Whether that was within or without tire
permission of the law was questionable; but
that question has been condoned, and the
banks were permitted thus to hold, and they
still hold, a large sum of compound-interest
notes. Upon and for these notes the United
States is liable. They are matured and there-
fore the liability is immediate, as much so as
it can be upon these call three per cent, cer-
tificates. it seems to me that that answers in
large part the argument of the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin.
But he said further, that we became at once
responsible to this amount for the circulation
of these banks. Why, sir, the Government
is responsible now for every shilling of national
bank circulation. We hold bonds to indem-
nify the Government against that responsi-
bility ; but failing those bonds or not, still the
Government stands as the guarantor of every
farthing of national bank circulation. There-
fore 1 do not see that we increase our liability
nlail by the issuance of these certificates. It
so happens, however, that the peculiar func-
tion, the characteristic quality of these certfi-
cates is such that they have an extrinsic value ;
and therefore the banks, perforce, ii'you please,
will acceptthem when the public at large would
not ; so that I can see and appreciate the truth
and the force of the suggestion made by the
honorable Senator from New Jersey that here
is an exceptional instance in which, for pecu-
liar reasons, we are able to extend a certain
portion of the debt at an interest so cheap as
three per cent. Very well, sir ; that is an
argument upon which I am willing to vote for
that portion of the bill.
Now, the Senator from Illinois proposes,
this matter being disposed, that gold accumu-
lated in the Treasury shall be sold at monthly
periods, down to $40,000,000. What is the
answer to that? Jt is, first, speaking of the
present, that the currentpayments of'the Treas-
ury will themselves reduce to §40,000,000 the
accumulated gold. Very well; then this is a
harmless provision, and it will have not.hingto
« act, upon. To be sure, we shall take nothing
in the present by our motion, but no detriment
can come. That, I think, is enough to answer
it. because the argument of the Senator from
New Jersey presupposes that there is no dan-
ger and no harm in exhausting gold down to
$40,000,000 or thereabouts. That, lie says, is
the operation of the present administration of
the Government. If, then, there is no overplus
upon which this provision is to take hold, I
repeat no harm can come. If there is an over-
plus, has anybody of late made ail argument
and satisfied the people of this country, or the
two Houses of Congress, that beyond this large
working residuum, working balance or deposit,
whatever you please to call it, of $40,000,000,
it is worth while to hoard gold in the Treasury
for some unexplained reason ? I know that
heretofore arguments have been made on this
subject, and 1 think I may say truly that those
arguments have expired by their own terms.
Those arguments have exhausted themselves
in the actual experience of the occasion. No-
body is more competent than the honorable
Senator who sits on my right, [Mr. Cattell,]
to enlighten us on that subject, and he has
stated, I have no doubt, with candor, exhaust-
ively, all that can be said in favor of this prop-
osition ; and 1 think he will agree with me
when I say, that giving the utmost force to all
his suggestions, it leaves him and leaves meat
liberty to conclude that, beyond $40,000,000,
or some such sum conceded to be sufficient as
the residuum remaining on hand, the surplus
gold in the Treasury ought to be disposed of.
But, Mr. President, I have heard the sug-
gestion made since this debate has proceeded
that we arc withdrawing from the Secretary a
discretion on this subject and assuming it our-
selves. Yes, sir, wo are; and in that respect
I submit this proposition stands in marked
advantage and has marked recommendations
when compared with another proposition for
which this will presently be put aside. Here
is one single point of administration, a simple
proposition which has been viewed round and
round by the business community of the coun-
try and by Congress. As far as its isolation,
its simplicity, and our long'experience with it
go to enable any person, Secretary of the Treas-
ury or others, to determine what is right, we
ourselves are enabled to form an opinion; and
therefore, when we legislate with regard to it,
it seems to me that we do not invade that
wholesome discretion which ought to be left
to the Secretary of the Treasury.
But, Mr. President, if we do invade that dis-
cretion, if we arrogate to ourselves what ought
to be left to administrative action, what shall
be said of tiie funding bill, as it is called,
which waits upon this measure ? There is a
subject into which various and complex con-
siderations and elements enter. There is a
question which if in private business it were
to be determined by an individual, a firm, or
a corporation, it might well be said that we
should cut, according to the cloth; that our
way should be felt; that that mode of dispos-
ing of it should be resorted to which belongs
peculiarly and alone to administration, to ex-
periment, and to discretion ; and yet the Sen-
ate is not stopping as to that.
Now, sir, without dwelling upon this, I insist
that if this proposition of the Senator from
Illinois be obnoxious to the criticism that it is
taking hold of a discretion which ought to be
lodged with the Secretary of the Treasury, the
other measure which we are considering is so
obviously and so hopelessly obnoxious that we
can hardly expect properly to deal with the
subjects which it embraces. I think this dis-
cretion has been left long enough with the
Secretary, and I think the people of this coun-
try, and not only the people, but the experts
in finance, bankers, business men, and politi-
cal economists who ha\e written about it, have
been left long enough to grope in the dark for
a reason, as the Senator from Indiana said,
for, in the first place, raising a large surplus
gold revenue, and then, beyond the. working
capital or balance in favor of which an argu-
ment can be made, holding it for some unre-
vealed purpose and in deference to some argu-
ment which, I repeat, has not yet been made,
and in circumstances which are wholly unsat-
isfactory to the people of the country by whom
this amount is raised and for whose interest it
ought to be used.
Therefore, I shall vote for this amendment,
relying upon the fact thatif there is no surplus
upon which it, can take hold, it will do no
harm ; and if, beyond the surplus for what it
provides, there is a quantity of gold in the
Treasury, that gold should not be there, but
should be sold to extinguish the most expens-
ive interest-bearing obligations which go to
enhance the burden of taxation under which
the people of this country are compelled to
groan.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this amendment is to
pass I call the attentisn of the Senator from
Illinois to an amendment that must be made,
unless he wishes entirely^ to stop the payment
of interest upon the public debt in coin. The
amendment as it now stands provides that
when the amount of gold shall be reduced to
$40,000,000, exclusive of the gold certificates,
then the excess shall be sold. I submit to him
this consideration: thatthe amount of payments
maturing at a single time are from thirty to
thirty-six million dollars. On the 1st of July
and on the 1st of January interest matures,
and is payable on each of those days to
the amount of between thirty and thirty-six
millions, and that amount is increasing daily
as the seven-thirties are being converted into
the gold notes. The result is that on the 1st
of .December, for instance, if the balance in
the Treasury was $45,000,000, the Secretary
would be bound to sell all above $40,000,000,
and then on the 1st of January he would be
unable without exhausting the entire surplus,
to meet the interest of the public debt.
I know that there is a strong feeling against
the hoarding of this gold, and at one time I
introduced a proposition here limiting the
amount to $50,000,000. I did not press it,
because the argument was urged with a great
deal of force thatthe very presence of this gold
in the Treasury, although it was a loss of inter-
est to the Government, operated as a great
safety-valve to prevent speculations in gold and
to prevent the rise and fall of gold. However,
I do not wish to discuss it.
It'the Senate choose to add this as an addi-
tional section to this bill the amendment ought
to be made that I now suggest: to insert in line
eleven, after the word "given," the words
"and exclusive of interest accruing within
sixty days thereafter so that it will read :
Till the amount of coin in the Treasury, exclusive
of that for which gold certificates of deposit shall
lipve been given, and exclusive of interest accruim;
within sixty dnvs thereafter, shall be reduced to the
sum of $10,000,000.
For instance, suppose this bill had been in
force on the 1st day of July last. There are
$90,014,000 in the Treasury in coin. Taking
out the certificates leaves about eighty-two mil-
lion dollars. The amount maturing on the 1st
of July is $31,000,000. Alaska will consume
$7,000,000 more, and the expenses of our for-
eign intercourse and the expenses of our Navy
abroad, all of which are paid in gold, might
sweep every dollar of gold in the Treasury, a
contingency that I think the Senator ought to
provide against. I think the amount of the
limit he has put, $10,000,000, is entirely too
low. Then, any sudden fluctuation or falling
off of customs might leave us without money
to pay the interest of the public debt.
With this statement I am perfectly willing
to leave the question. I do not think this sec-
tion ought to be added to a small bill provid-
ing for $25,000,000 of three per cent, ceitifi-
cates—a mere temporary measiue—nor do I
think the Senate ought to adopt it without full
consideration.
Mr. MORTON. I simply wish to say that
the adoption of this amendment now will have
the pii'ect to provide that the surplus gold i:i
the Treasury shall at no time hereafter exceed
S4i),0u0,000, and is equivalent to the declara-
tion on the part of the Government thai the
legal-tender notes never will be redeemed.
That is simply what it amounts to. We pro-
vide that the gold shall never accumulate to
exceed S40.000,000, and we are saying to the
nation that the legal-tender notes which we
have promised to pay in gold never will be
paid, because we have determined that we will
not accumulate the gold with which we can doit.
Mr. TKUMBULL. 1 do not think it is say-
