1982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
measure by, which everybody will be able to
see, and to which respect will be^ paid ; but
just as long as the condition of the Treasury is
such that it can answer, not only the appro-
priations that have been made up to any point
in the session, however late it maybe, but also
additional appropriations, reasons too cogent
to resist will be found for additional appropria-
tions, and we shall have subsidies, grants, and
all sorts of things, large and small, which no
argument can successfully encounter, except
the final argument of necessity. To that argu-
ment they will yield, but they will yield to
nothing else. Therefore I look with com-
posure, to say the least, upon the probability
of dispensing with taxes until we find our-
selves without a margin in the Treasury, and
until we find upon us a necessity for looking
about carefully and selecting with the utmost
discrimination between appropriations in order
to find which are they that can be dispensed
with and still the interest paid on the public
debt and the indispensable outlays of the
Government, the unavoidable current expenses
provided for.
This answers with me a great deal of solicit-
ude which I should otherwise feel. We dis-
pense with twenty odd millions as a tax 011
cotton, and we do it upon the theory that two
and a half cents a pound on cotton is an
enormous percentage. We remove it; and,
sir, we come presently to a day, which day 1
looked for when that vote was taken, when
cotton is twenty-six cents a pound, and when
you cannot afford to dispense with $2,000,000
on sugar, one half of which is raised in a single
State. Then we have a bill coming from
the other House dispensing at large with the
tax on manufactures. Without going any fur-
ther I think we might as well stop and pon-
der what the result is to be as to the balance-
sheet ; and the only refuge from solicitude,
from great disgust and anxiety on that subject,
I find in the suggestion which I make, that,
even though it turns out that we have 110 mar-
gin, that the balance is against us, that the
income is not equal to the expenditure, even
that brings with it a sort of healing on its
wing. Even that brings an objection to appro-
priations which may serve when 110 other argu-
ment, in the nature of objection will serve.
Therefore, Mr. President, I shall feel at lib-
erty to vote for this amendment; and, although
I understand it to be not in order now, when
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
California touching spices, ground coffee, and
so on shall be offered I shall feel bound to
vote for that; and I shall trust for vindication
in the votes which I shall give, as I said before,
to the diminution of drafts upon the Treasury.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I sup-
pose that every member of Congress who has
taken any pains to look into the financial con-
dition of the country votes for this bill with
some misgivings as to the result—with some
doubts as to whether or not with the adoption
of this proposed law there will be an adequate
amount of money in the Treasury to meet the
necessary expenditures of the Government.
This bill was passed by the House of Repre-
sentatives, sweeping out of existence by a gen-
eral enactment a large class of taxes, making
some exceptions and recognizing the necessity
for some exceptions to the general law abolish-
ing all taxes on manufactures in the United
States. Now, the Senator from New York ap-
peals to the Senate, on behalf of his State, to
remove this tax upon refined sugars, because
a large proportion of that business is conducted
in that State. But this bill imposes a tax upon
whisky, which is a very large manufacture in
Ohio and Illinois and other western States;
and they have the same right to complain of
these exceptions that New York has to com-
plain of the exception contained in the amend-
ment proposed by the committee in this re-
spect ; and so, if we proceed and exempt from
taxation everything in which each State may
be interested, the consequence will be that we
shall have no taxes.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Conkuns]
exhibited to the Senate the amount of taxes
which that State paid into the Treasury, and
complained of the particular hardship that
would be imposed upon New York if this tax
upon refined sugars should be retained by the
bill. Now, sir, I undertake to say that New
York derives more benefit from this bill than
any other State in the Union ; because it is a
very large State; because there are great man-
ufacturing interests in every part of the State
of New York. New York is therefore more
benefited than any State in the Union by the
bill, even as it is amended by the Committee
on Finance ; and so New York has no reason
to complain. As to the duties referred to
which New York pays into the Treasury, they
are derived from the customs at New York
city, that city being the great market for the
country.
Now, sir, in reference to these refined sugars,
there appears to me to be a singular incon-
sistency in the arguments which are adduced
in opposition to the amendment of the com-
mittee. One Senator rises here, and, repre-
senting the sugar refiners, says that it is neces-
sary that this tax should be removed, so that
they can carry on their business. "Retain
this tax," he says, "and the business in this
country is ruined; they cannot go on." Another
Senator rises, and, representing the poor peo-
ple who pay this tax to the sugar refiners, he
says it is necessary that this tax should be re-
moved for the sake of the poor people who
consume the sugar. If the pathetic and elo-
quent argument that was addressed to the
Senate by the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Johnson] is to have any force, it follows that
the sugar refiners do not pay this tax, for the
men who consume the sugar pay it to the re-
finers, and they make just as much as though
there were 110 such tax imposed.
Mr. FItELlNGHUYSEN. With the per-
mission of the Senator, as that applies to all
those articles, I would suggest whether the
truth is not that about one half the tax is paid
by the consumer and the other half by the
manufacturer.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have heard the honor-
able Senator's suggestion before; but I can see
no reason for that suggestion. Suppose a tax
of one half cent is imposed upon each pound
of sugar, I will ask the honorable Senator if he
does not suppose that when the sugar refiner
sells that pound of sugar he adds that half cent
to the price for which it is sold, and if the con-
sumer does not pay the half cent.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask a question?
If it be true that sugar from Cuba, for ex-
ample, of a given quality, can be laid down on
the wharf in New York for three quarters of a
cent a pound less than it can be refined here,
upon what argument or arithmetic is the Sen-
ator able to say that the vendorof home-relincd
sugar can add the entire tax and still compete
and his customers assent to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If that can bedone which
the gentleman supposes, then a certain conse-
quence might follow; and if that position be
correct the argument which has been presented
here in favor of the consumers amounts to
nothing. I understand the position of the
Senator to be that the taxes which are imposed
upon these manufactured articles are not paid
by the consumers, but by the sugar refiners.
Mr. COXJvLlNG. If the Senator will allow
me one moment, I will state what I understand
to be true. Doubtless, taking the tax upon
tobacco, for example, or matches, or some
other thing which is manufactured exclusively
here, the internal revenue tax is added to the
price of the article, and the consumer, 111 theory,
and in practice probably, pays it. But now,
I submit to the Senator, taking an article like
this, the foreign product of which has an ad-
vantage of what I understand the committee
agree is about three fourths of a cent a pound,
is it true that the refiner of the sugar can add
to it the entire tax and still compete with the
foreign article. If the figures are right, of
course it is impossible, because all buyers buy
where they can buy cheapest, and the same
profit given to each would put one vastly in
advance of the other.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that these
sugar refiners are protected by the tariff, and
that they have protection enough to enable
them to conduct the business in which they are
engaged. And now, sir, I must say that I do
not confide altogether in the, representations
that are made by these sugar refiners as to the
condition of their business. I know that dur-
ing the last session of Congress all persons
who were engaged in any kind of manufactur-
ing were represented here in Congress, and all
endeavored to induce the Committee on Fi-
nance and Congress to believe that they were
in a state of utter prostration, that they were
unable to conduct their business ; and 1 know
that false representations were made to the
committee on that subject, and that delegations
who were interested in certain manufacturing
companies in the country glorified themselves
because they had succeeded by their false rep-
resentations in misleading and deceiving the
committee as to the condition of the business
which they represented. I do not make alle-
gations of that kind as to the representations
in reference to the sugar refiners ; but I know
that just so long as there is any tax imposed
upon any kind of business in this country
these representations will be made, and tiiey
must be received with certain grains of allow-
ance.
According to my information and belief on
the subject, although, I suppose, I am not as
well advised as the Senator from New York,
these sugar refiners are not in such a depressed
condition, are not now under existing circum-
stances in a position where they cannot pro-
ceed with their business. I understand that
with this tax of one half cent a pound they
may prosecute their business with profit; and
it was the opinion of the committee, under
the circumstances, as certain other manufac-
tures were excepted, this might be reason-
ably and profitably excepted. I believe that
every dollar of this tax is paid by the consum-
ers and that it does not devolve any loss upon
the refiner, because he is protected in his busi-
ness by the tariff, and he can add the amount
of this tax to the pro<jucts of his labor, and it
is paid by the consumers; and it is a tax that
is more easily and satisfactorily paid, in my
judgment, than any other sort of tax.
Sir, an appeal has been made here in be-
half of the poor people, who, it is said, will
be oppressed by the continuance of this fax.
I say in the first place that a very large pro-
portion of these refined sugars are used by
people who are wealthy and perfectly able to
pay this tax. Such of these sugars as are used
by poor people are used in very inconsiderable
quantities. If a poor man goes to a country
store and buys two or three pounds of sugar
and pays half a cent more per pound for that
sugar than he would without that tax he does
not feel it, he does not complain, he cares little
or nothing about it. When taxes can be col-
lected in that way in the country the people
will be better satisfied with a system of that
nature than with any other plan of raising a
revenue. Where a tax is imposed upon an
article of clothing that may cost twenty dol-
lars, and the consumer is required to pay a
tax upon it in proportion to its value, ho feels
the tax ; it is a burden upon him ; but where
the tax is such as it is upon sugar, half a cent
a pound, and two or three pounds are con-
sumed by a family in a week or perhaps two
weeks, there the tax can be readily paid and
no burden is realized by the consumer. It is
the true policy of taxation, as it seems to me,
to collect taxes where they can be collected at
the least expense and where they will be most
certain and reliable, and where they will be
paid by the people with the least complaint or
the least consciousness of the burdens that are
imposed upon them.
Now, it is proposed to strike out from this
bill all the amendments proposed by the Com-
mittee 011 Finance to the first section, includ-
ing jewelry, diamonds, and everything of that
