3006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
constituencies that Congress was pleased to
organize under a usurpation of power in the
several States which are said to be restored
under this bill, are not constituencies known to
the laws and the constitutions of those States.
Nor do I believe any constitution they may
have adopted can be worth more than the jiaper
0:1 which it is written, subject to a single
exception. Believing this, of course I do not
mean to deal with an instrument in any way
by way of amendment which I think has no
legal existence. But there lies beyond it the
question of what may be the determination of
the people of the United States on your recon-
struction laws. They have not been, since the
first one was passed, before the people of those
States which are represented in Congress,
either for approval or condemnation. They
soon will be. If they approve your action and
sustain those laws, whatever may be their
ultimate consequences, I admit they must be
submitted to. But if they reverse your action
you mightwell pause before attempting to carry
into effect legislation adverse to the sentiments
of the people of the country. My hope rests
there.
I have great confidence in the practical
capacity of the American people ; and I do
not believe in the omnipotence of the Congress
of the United States. I believe that in a
struggle between that Congress and the senti-
ment of the people Congress will have to give
way. Do not misunderstand me. I do not
speak of the people of the ten States that are
being reconstructed. Within a constitutional
sense you have left no people there now. Tlieir
laws you have abrogated ; their constitutions
you have put an end to ; under military power
you have organized a constituency consisting
of an inferior race, who are the mere agents
and tools of the Congress of the United States.
Sir, the question must come this fall before the
people, and you cannot avoid it, whether they
will recognize the right of Congress to impose
through the Federal Government a domination
over them through a constituency which they
hav^ repudiated and rejected in their own
individual States. My hope rests there.
Should they decide to sustain your measures,
As I said, come weal, come woe, they must be
submitted to; but you have to meet that issue,
and it is the great issue before the country.
My hope rests in the intelligence of the people
that, lost as our liberties have been, that intel-
ligence will be sufficient to recover them, will
be sufficient to reestablish the Constitution of
the United States, sufficient to restore to us a
government of laws, not a government founded
on the mere will of bodies which have limited
legislative powers, and yet have not only tran-
scended those powers, but have actually abro-
gated the executive and almost nullified the
judicial department of the Government.
Under these circumstances, Mr. President,
I consider it quite immaterial what may be the
decision of Congress as to whether the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Ohio shall
obtain or not. I do not mean to meddle with a
paper which I do not recognize as constitutional.
The people are to pass upon your action yet;
and if they mean to preserve their own liberties
1 cannot doubt the result. Perhaps at a future
time, when I have more strength and the Sen-
ate more leisure, I may endeavor to point out
in what respects I consider your reconstruction
laws as not only utterly destructive of the Con-
stitution of the United States, but as utterly
subversive of the semblance of free govern-
ment, as necessarily ending in one of those two
alternatives—either a concentrated, consolida-
ted bureaucratic despotism or anarchy. Now,
I will not detaig the Senate further than this
statement of my general views. I will not vote
upon the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Ohio. „
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to the amendment of the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. , Mr. President, I am op-
posed, as I have already stated to the Senate,
to the imposition of any fundamental condition
to the admission of these States into the Union;
but being perfectly satisfied that the provision
in the constitution of Georgia to which the
particular amendment refers is of itself uncon-
stitutional, I could not vote for the admission
of the State with that clause, and I shall there-
fore be compelled to vote against the amend-
ment proposed by the honorable member from
Ohio.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have experienced
somewhat the same embarrassment in my re-
flections on this subject that has been expressed
by the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.]
I do not think that we have any right to add
one or two or take one word from the consti-
tution of any State. And yet, sir, it is so pal-
pable to my mind that this proposition of
repudiation in the Georgia constitution is in
violation of the Constitution of the United
States that I shall vote against the proposition
to strike out that clause of the bill which
declares that that cannot be a part of the con-
stitution. I do not feel that in casting this
vote I am adding to or taking from a constitu-
tion ; I feel that I am simply declaring that a
provision of that constitution is no part of it,
as a legal doctrine, but that it is an effort on
the part of the people of Georgia—if it may
be said that the people of Georgia have done
this at all—to violate the Constitution of the
United States, and we merely express our dis-
sent.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, my position
differs a little from that of the honorable* Sen-
ator from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks.] If the
question of this constitution was legitimately
before the Senate of the United States, I would
accord with his position ; I would say that if
a new State was about to be admitted into the
Union, and the constitution of that new State
was under consideration, and there was a pro-
vision in it at war with the Constitution of the
United States, as in the case of the State of
Missouri, that provision of the constitution of
the proposed new State which was in conflict
with the Constitution of the United States
would be void. I believe that position sound
and legitimate. But, Mr. President, I hold
that we have no more right as the Senate of
the Congress of the United States to act upon
the measure that is now before us than has the
Legislature of any State. In other words, 1
hold that we have no jurisdiction over this
subject. Some of these States were original
members of the United States; others have
been constitutionally and legitimately admitted
as members of the United States, as States in
the Union. When those new Slates were
admitted into the Union, I hold that all power
of Congress over the subject of those States ill
regard to their admission or readmission or
exclusion was exhausted : that when a State is
once in the Union as a State, she is in the
Union constitutionally and legitimately for-
ever, and she never can be taken out of the
Union except by successful revolution.
I hold that these States were States in the
Union constitutionally and cfe jure during the
whole of the rebellion; and whenever the rebel-
lion was put down, all that remained to do was
that their existence and their governments and
laws, just as they existed at the time rebellion
was commenced, should be reacknowledged
by the Government of the United States.
Now, Mr. President, I will make one remark
in relation to the position assumed by the hon-
orable Senator from West Virginia [Mr. Wil-
ley] yesterday. I expect to-niorrow to give
my views more at length 011 this subject. It is
not everything that was done by the govern-
ments of the States in rebellion during the
rebellion that can be repudiated. It is only
Such acts as they did which were incompatible
with their relations as members of the United
States to the General Government. Every-
thing that those States did or attempted to do
as States of another confederation was void,
absolutely void ; but in the administration of
justice between citizen and citizen, in the pas-
sage of laws that did not affect their relations
to the Union, that were not promotive of rebel-
lion and secession, and all the acts of their
government or any of its departments which
were entirely compatible with their relations as
members of the United States will stand and
ought to be recognized, in my judgment.
I will illustrate this by a single position.
Those States held courts, State courts. Those
State courts had their jurisdiction. They de-
cided rights and titles to property. If land
titles were decided and properly decided by
those courts while the States were in rebellion
there is no power, in my judgment, that can
legitimately unsettle and reverse the judgments
of those State courts in relation to land titles
within their borders.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question here ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I will ask the Senator
whether a judgment rendered by a confederate
court, not a State court, but a confederate
court, in an ordinary suit between individuals
respecting land or any other matter, would be
or should be held to be valid by us or by any
party ?
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer that question,
Mr. President. There was no such thing as a
confederation legally and constitutionally. It
did not exist legally and constitutionally at all.
Mr. HOWARD. In fact.
Mr. DAVIS. It was a nonentity, though,
legally and constitutionally. The whole con-
federation was a myth ; it was a usurpation ;
it was an unauthorized creation of usurped
power and is so to be treated. I say that a
judgment in the State of Virginia settling land
titles, during the pendency of the rebellion,
if it was not in conflict with the Constitution
and laws of the United States, has as binding
and as permanent obligation and force as
though it had been settled in any State that
adhered to the Union.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose the judgment was
rendered by a confederate court in Virginia.
Mr. DAVIS. You may call it what you
please. There was no confederate court there ;
there was no such legitimate and constitutional
idea as a southern confederacy. My position
is simply that where these States continued
tlieir governments and their courts, and they,
by their different departments, acted in har-
mony with the Constitution and Government
of the United States, and not in conflict with
them, the judgments of those courts ought to
stand and will stand.
Mr. HOWARD. Why not, then, the judg-
ment of a confederate court?
Mr. DAVIS. There is no such thing as a
confederate court.
Mr. HOWARD. There was in feet.
Mr. DAVIS. Youmightliavesetup acourt
yourself; a county in the State of Michigan
might have set up a court of itself and have
proceeded to adjudge cases, and it would have
been just as legitimate and constitutional a
court as the courts set up in the States as
confederate courts.
But this is the principle I am contending
for: these States were States in the Union
before they seceded ; their secession did not
remove them from the Union constitutionally
or legitimately or de jure; they were still in
the Union ; and so far as these States did any
acts by their departments which were not in
conflict with the jurisdiction of the United
States and the Government of the United
States, and which were compatible with their
previous constitutions and laws, those acts are
valid. 1 will elaborate that position at some
other time more at length. The whole power
of the Government of the United States over
the subject was simply to suppress the insur-
rection. According to national law and accord-
ing to the principles ofwur Constitution, when
insurrection was suppressed de jure the con-
dition of things that existed before it com-
menced was revived in all their relations, in
all their fullness, in all their obligation, both
