186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
599
The SPEAKER. There are, twenty-three
minutes of the gentleman's time unexpired.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, then ad-
dressed the House. His speech will appear in
the Appendix.
Mr. PETERS. I do not rise, Mr. Speaker,
to make a speech at this time, or to deliver an
argumentupon this question, which has already
been fully and thoroughly discussed. I intend
merely to make some brief remarks, and then
to yield the remainder of my time to others
whQ are interested in taking part in the close
of this debate.
I propose to take this opportunity to lay
before the House some evidence which is in
my possession in reference to tl\e present polit-
ical condition of the South, so far as relates to
the reconstruction of that portion of our coun-
try. I shall, in a moment, send to the Clerk's
desk and ask to have read a letter which I have
received from a gentleman'now living in Ala-
bama, because it comes from a somewhat offi-
cial source, and because I know him to be a
person of the most reliable and trustworthy
character. That letter goes to show the neces-
sity of the passage of the bill now under con-
sideration, and all the evidence I have received
from that region, whether oral or written, is to
the same effect.
Sir, this House has been shaken and con-
vulsed almost from its sense of propriety by a
recital of the injuries and wrongs alleged to
have bten inflicted in a foreign country upon
some of our naturalized citizens. But tenfold
more cruel aud savage have been the wrongs ,,
andoutrages which, by our inaction heretofore, ||
we ourselves have allowed to be inflicted upon '[
white and black loyal men by rebels of the :
South—those in many parts of the South who >|
are as much rebels to-day as they were during
the meridian ofthe rebellion. i
Before I proceed any further in this connec- i
tion I ask the Clerk to read a letter which I i
send up to the desk*
The Clerk read as follows : ,
Montgomery, Alabama., December 29,1867. |
Dear Sir: Allow me to introduce myself to you i
personally, thouch you may have some remein- :
trance of mo in Bangor. My object in writing is to 1
fnrni^h you, as a member of Congress from the dis-
trict in which I used to live, some truthful intorma- !
tion regarding the condition of political affairs in !
this State, and to urge upon you to do whatever may i
be done,'and that promptly, for our relief. A con-
tinuous experience as an officer of the bureau since
the first month of the surrender has enabled me to
estimate with some degree of correctness the clangers
and necessities of our cause. I speak without exag-
geration or desire to mislead when I declare that the
acts and deposition of the rebels of Alabama are .
more malignant and desperate than at any former ,
period. The constitution presented to the people,
while it possesses features of strength that their (the |
rebels) previous acts and disposition absolutely de- j
manded for the safety of friends of the Government, !
is yet without a shade of vindictiveifess. Yet, since i
it deprives them of thp power to put their feet upon |
the necks of loyal people, as they have done under i
the rule of the President's policy, they are marshal- ;
ing their forces to defeat it with all the bitterness, |
violence, and recklessness of justice and candor that 1
marked the inception of the rebellion. The Repub- |
lican executive committee of ray county advised the «
formation of local clubs in the various prccincts for '
the purpose of conferring together, hearing political |
news, studying the constitution, <S:c., in a peaceable >
manner. Rebels have formed armed gangs and
broken up these simple gatherings, firing upon the
houses where they had assembled. Colored men, and
white also, identified with our cause, have been
obliged to leave house, home, and family to escape
the violence of these political tyrants. A man who i,
is iikely by hia intelligence to be a political leader is
placed under a system of espionage and intimidation , j
which will in most caseseffectuallysilence him. The 1
rules of the slave community are still enforced. One '>
colored mechanic, of considerable means and intelli-
gence, was notified thathe had too much company at
his house on Sundays, and he must quit or take the
conseqnences. At another time they forced him by
threats to open and let them into his house after
night to see if he had a political meeting there. The
bloodiest threats are made against the whole mass j
of colored citizens if they dare to vote against their i
old masters. The same vigilant and violent repres-
sion is exercised nearly as was used during the war.
In short, the political freedom of colored citizens,
apart from the large towns, is reduced to a mere nul-
lity. Coming from my station to-day, to secure the
presence and moral effect of avisit of cavalry to these j
remote precincts, I was met by the news that Gen- !
erals Pope and Swayne were removed, and found 1
rebels jubilant and arrogant as they were when Sum-
ter fell. This will make bad worse, and soon Union j
men cannot live in any part of the land. Last Tucs- 1
day sight an innocent colored man was wantonly 1
murdered in the village where I am stationed. The
murderer escaped, and to-day not one out of five of
the white citizens would raise a hand to arrest him
if he should come upon the streets. Two nights
before a woman was knocked dead by a chair in the
hands of a white man in Lowndes county. Within a
week a colored man wa* found hung on a tree near
Fort Deposit in Lowndes county. Two nights ago
a man was shot dead three miles from this place. A
short t'yncs since some ruffians attempted to break up
a political meeting near Camden, W ilcox county, and
killed a colored man who tried to prevent them.
Such aro some of the results of the new license
which has been granted rebels by the condemnation
of faithful administrators of the reconstruction pol-
icy. If there is any way in which Congress can check
the President's reckless moves, I hope every man will
stand faithfully by us. You have no conception of
the actual condition of affairs, I think, or there would
beno delay in counteracting the evil effects ofthe Pres-
ident's latest stroke. It is boldly avowed that this
act is to throw the power into their hands and defeat
the ratification of the Constitution. They claim that
they will secure the removal of the present chief of
registration in the State and the appointment of an
irresponsible ex-Federal officer who is a noted cop-
perhead, and thereby effect a complete change in the
boards of registration, so as to give rebels and their
sympathizers the control of the ballot-box.
If the constitution is defeated thero aro only two
results possible—the utter subjugation of all who
will not assist voluntarily in giving the power of this
State, and consequently of the nation, into rebel
hands, or the employment of a much larger military
force than is now in the State to enforce order on strict
military principles under martiallaw.
Hoping you will pardon theimperfcctprcsentation
of tho subject, which is due partly to haste, and give
it the most careful and candid consideration, I re-
main, yours, respectfully, ^ ,
Member of Constitutional Convention.
Hon. John A. Peters.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. VTith the
permission of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Peters] I desire to say in this connection that
I have received a letter from one of the most
reliable citizens of Alabama, a gentleman well
known to me, which fully bears out the state-
ments of the letter just read by the Clerk. And
he states a fact that is not stated in that letter,
in regard to the rebel General Clanton, who is
stumping the State against reconstruction, and
telling the colored men everywhere that to vote
for reconstruction is to vote for open war be-
tween the rebels and the colored race. He
speaks also of a convention of peaceable per-
sons at Tallapoosa which was broken up and
dispersed by armed rebels. In fact, he states
that matters there are tending to a state of
thiilgs which, if the reconstruction policy of
Congress is not adopted, will be worse than
the condition of San Domingo ever was.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, when I sent
that letter to the Clerk's desk I intended that
the name of the writer should be read, but at
the suggestion of my friends about me I suppress
the name for the present, because the party
who wrote it would, if his name were dis-
closed, be in absolute danger of his life.
I hold in my hand another letter which I
have received this morning from another gen-,
tleman, of the most reliable character, resid-
ing in the same State. From this letter I will
read a few sentences:
"We are having a hard time. The removal of
Pope and Swayne was a terrible blow to us. The
rebels were defiant and fierce, and were sure of turn-
ing over our whole system of registration and post-
poning the election. Thank God they have ' caught
a Tartar' in Meade. Iam feeling more encouraged.
I confess I anticipate bloodshed on election day in
certain counties. Murder of I'reedmen is common,
and on the whole we almost seem approaching the
dark days of old Kansas. We have not a sufficient
military force here—only about one full regiment in
the State. The rebel leaders are advising white men
to com® to the polls fully armed and take possession
and challenge every voter. Rebel planters are in-
serting in their contracts with freedmcn a clause
whereby they bind themselves not to attend politi-
cal meetings and to vote, if at all, as the employer
shall say. In violation of this they lose their places
and all aecrried pay. The rallying cry is 'a white
man's government,' at whatever cost. I toll you
we are enjoying a 'reign of terror.'
"In some counties nominees have resigned, partly
because the rebeb compelled them to do so and
partly for fear. In this respect, however, no trouble
will come, because we have been able always to fill
the ticket.
"I think we shall ratifip the constitution, but we
have an immense work to do it. I hope youwill pass
the bill reported Saturday making Grant com-
mander of these rebel States, and perhaps authoriz-
ing the various conventions to choose provisional
governments. Could you bo among us a few days
and see the insido workings of this 'rebellious hell
you would all put your shoulders to the wheel anu
swear ' by the eternal'that'loyal me'n should gov-
ern a presorved Republic,' and would teach rebels.
whether m the Executive Mansion, the Army, or all
over the South, that the blood of threfi hundred thou-
sand dead Union men and the burden of the war
debt were terrible realities, and it is too late now to
show the 'wmte feather.' If we fail in reconstruc-
tion Alabama will be too hot for us, and we must
leave by the underground railroad. I tru^t you will
pass the bill requirine simply a majority ofthe votes
to ratify, not a majority of the registered votes.
" We are lookingto you with anxiety. Do all you
can ; we will not yield an inch till compelled. Our
lives are in our hands, and we will maintain our
honest convictions."
Mr. Speaker, when I heard to-day the re-
marks of the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Hubbard,] who professes loyalty, my
mind was involuntarily carried back to periods
during the rebellion when we heard simi lar pro-
testations made by Democratic orators all over
the country. They were professed loyalists.
They were always willing that the rebellion
should be put down ; but when any efficient
measure was proposed to accomplish that
object, whether it was to use the negro, or to
resort to confiscation, or to any other measure
that was likely to be destructive and terrible
to the enemy, nice, technical constitutional
objections were raised. Although I have great
respect for the gentleman from Connecticut,
yet during his remarks I could not help feel-
ing a little of the old emotion which I felt
during the dark days of the rebellion toward
men ofthe class I have mentioned. Whatever
we thought of the sincerity of their professions,
we always distrusted their ability to help the
country out of the rebellion. I just as much
distrust their ability now to propose efficient
measures for the restoration of peace and har-
mony.
Sir, in this work of reconstruction we have
been lopping off branch by branch. Two
years ago we ought to have struck the ax at
the very root of the tree; and I believe that
in this bill we are coming nearer to that policy
than we have ever come before. And in this
connection let me say one word in relation to
our power to pass an act of this kind.
Congress has repeatedly declared, and the
courts have concurred in establishing the doc-
trine, that in the midst of the rebellion there
-were no valid governments in the States en-
gaged in that rebellion ; and as to the people
there, Congress had the power, of course within
the bounds of humanity an J international law,
to do with them precisely what it pleased.
Now, I desire to ask this question, (for I
believe it has not been elaborated if it has
been presented in this discussion:) when did
the state of facts which conferred upon Con-
gress that jurisdiction cease? This is a ques-
tion of fact, of course. The Supreme Court
cannot decide a question of fact, as they are
only the arbiters of questions of law. Of
course it is not for the rebels to say, it is
only for us to say, when a sufficient degree of
national safety has been obtained ; and from
the reading of these letters and from the
information before the country, are we will-
ing to say the rebellion, with all its results, is
" crushed out" to-day? To be sure the mili-
tary power of the rebellion has been reduced
to ashes; but I tell you, if you believe these
papers and the information they furnish, there
may be live coals still in th£Se ashes which
may be blown into the flames of another civil
war.
We have as much right#o pass this bill now
as we had to force our armies over the Poto-
mac or to capture Richmond, if we had the
right to put down the rebellion, why, in the
name of God, have we not the right to keep it
down? We have the same right to take care
of these after-births of the rebellion that we
have to seize and try JefF. Davis or any other
traitor.
We have our hold upon them, and when
shall we release it? If the Supreme Court say
we shall release it now, they might have said
we should release it before the capitulation of
Lee and his army. If they have the jurisdiction
to say so at one time they had the same juris-
diction to say so at all times; and I say before
high heaven I would not trust them with that
power since the beginning ofthe rebellion.
