1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Funding the National Debt—Mr. Marshall.
Ho. of Reps.
liquidated in five or six years without any in-
crease of either taxes or the currency.
demand for an additional issue of greenbacks,
But for myself I believe the business of the
country requires and demands more money,
and that we should have promptly an additional
issue of the legal tender or greenback cur-
rency. I would make this not primarily to
pay the public debt, but to supply the place of
the millions destroyed under the mad and sui-
cidal scheme of contraction, and because the
money is needed by the people, would give
renewed energy and activity to business, bring
prosperity and joy to thousands who are now
bowed down by embarrassments and despond-
ency, enable the people more easily to bear
the burdens of taxes, enhance the price of
labor and produce, give a readier and more
active market therefor, increase the public rev-
enues, and thereby enable us the more easily
and speedily to pay off our public debt.
"But," gays my loyal friend, "an increase
of the volume of the currency would depreci-
ate its value and thereby produce widespread
disaster." Facts are of more value than the-
ories, however plausible they may be; and I
propose to show by facts and figures that what
i purpose would produce no such result. An
unlimited issue would doubtless inflate and
depreciate the currency, but I know of no one
who contemplates any such thing.
contraction op the currency a grave blunder.
The scheme of forcing a return to specie
payments by the inauguration of the policy of
a rapid contraction of the, currency was most
fallacious, and in its results has almost brought
bankruptcy and ruin to our doors. At the
close of the war the party in power had, by
adopting the legal-tender Treasury note as tSte
"lawful money" of the United States, ban-
ished gold from the country as a circulating
medium. The entire business of the country
had adjusted itself to the paper currency in
our midst, and with an abundant circulating
medium business was active and profitable in
all portions of our country. The laborer found
employment for his hands, and industry, activ-
ity, and thrift were seen in all our borders.
Did we at that time have too much money?
I think not. The demand for it was iucreas-
ing every day. Ten States shut out from us
for four years, now left after their long strug-
gle without any circulating medium, held up
their supplicating hands imploring assistance.
These ten million people would soon have
absorbed a large portion of our currency. New
enterprises were springing up all over the land ;
the Pacific and other railroads, new towns,
cities, factories, &c., all demandingand requir-
ing the use of immense sums of money. Hun-
dreds of thousands of enterprising immigrants
were fi#cking to our shores, and our population
and enterprise were rapidly increasing; thus
csnstantly, day by day, swellingthe demand and
necessity for an abundant medium of exchange.
At this very time, of all others the most
inopportune, the policy of contraction was
inaugurated. The business of the country at
first but slightly felt the shock, then staggered
under the increasing weight of the burden im-
posed, and finally stagnation and threatened
ruin liung over every branch of business. If
this had gone on much longer the paper cur-
rency would have been destroyed, and there
would have been nothing to supply its place.
We would not have returned to specie pay-
ments, but bankruptcy and ruin would have
crushed Government and people alike. None
have been benefited except those who have
bonds or hoarded wealth. The purchasing
power of their money has been greatly in-
creased, but we are not one particle nearer
specie payments than we were when this pol-
icy was inaugurated. To understand fully why
business is so greatly depressed let us see what
has been the extent of this contraction. It is in
fact much greater than is commonly supposed.
circulation compared.
On the 1st of September, 1365, the circulat-
ing medium consisted, in part, as follows:
United States notes  $433,160,569
Fractional currency  26,344,742
National bank notes  300,000,000
Compound-interest legal tender  217,024,160
Temporary loan certificates, 10 percent. 107,148,713
Certificates of indebtedness  85,093,000
Treasury five per cent, legal tenders  32,536,901
Treasury notes, legal tenders, past duo
and not presented  1,503,020
State bank notes  78,867,575
Total $1,281,078,680
Of the above it will be noticed $084,188,059
were legal tender, to wit:
United States notes  $433,160,560
Five per cent, notes  33,954,230
Compound-interest notes  217,024,160
Total $684,138,959
%- —
On the 1st of January, 1868, the amount of
currency in circulation of the description above
mentioned was as follows:
United States notes and fractional cur-
rency $388,405,565
National bank notes  300,000,000
Compound-interest notes and three per
cent, certificates  78,165,170
State banknotes  4,000,000
Treasury notes  878,503
Temporary loan, 10 per cent  2,474,625
Certificates of indebtedness  30,000
Total S773.953.863
Total contraction in two years and four
months, $507,724,847, being a reduction of
forty per cent.
Thus it is seen that in tlie short time of two
years and three months there was a contraction
of the circulating; medium of our country of
over five hundred million dollars. The con-
traction in legal tenders was twp hundred and
fifty millions. Has this unparalleled contrac-
tion reduced the price of gold or enhanced the
value of national securities ? Has it promoted
the prosperity of the country? We all know
it has not. Its effect has been to paralyze
trade, suspend industries, and throw labor out
of employment. In May, 1805, gold sold at less
than thirty per cent, premium. It is to-day
over forty-two.
the issue of two hundred and fifty million dol-
lars in greenbacks favored.
As contraction has not increased the value
of legal tenders, or brought them and gold
nearer together, a reasonable expansion within
the limits of the demands and necessities of
the country will not depreciate their value.
It will bring multiplied blessings to millions of
households, and will injure no one. It will
facilitate the collection of taxes, increase our
revenue, and enable us more easily and speedily
to pay off our public debt.
The country demands and needs more
money, and must have itfrom some source. I
say let the Government supply it. Reissue
the §250,000,000 in legal tenders that have been
destroyed when it ought to have been paid on
our bond indebtedness, and thus kept in cir-
lation among the people. With this $250,000,000
pay that amolfet of the five-twenty bonds, stop
the interest thereon, unfetter that amount of
capital that is now sunk, non-taxable, and a
burden, and put it in circulation among the
people. This is no inflation. The people
need the money. It would lessen our taxes
and burdens, the five-twenty debt would soon
be entirely paid, and it will bring gladness and
joy to thousands of homes now oppressed with
embarrassments and despondency.
This would not be inflation. As our coun-
try increases in population, wealth, and enter-
prise we wiH need more than this. In no
commercial and prosperous country in the
world is the supply of money so small as in
ours. England has twenty-five dollars _ per
head for her inhabitants; Prance has thirty,
while we now have scarcely thirteen. This is
a demand that the people will insist on, and
your cry of "covert repudiation " will not turn
them from their purpose.
another reason why tiie bonds should be paid
sow.
There is another reason strong and irresist-
ible why we should commence paying off the
bond debt now in the manner indicated, and
complete it as speedily as possible. These
bonds continually drain the money from the
people, and tie up and centralize eapital.
Whenever an enterprising citizen makes one
or two hundred thousand dollars, instead of
building railroads, improving our farms or
towns, or purchasing produce from the farmers,
he will make an investment where he will ran
no risks, and can entirely escape the burdens of
taxation. He willinvestinthesebonds, whereby
in perfect ease and security he can retire from
responsibility and duty to society, and as in-
evitably as fate draw his six or twelve thou-
sand dollars per annum in gold as interest.
You cannot tax him to support State, county,
or town, or to keep up the roads on which he
travels. If he has children his neighbor may
be taxed to educate them, but you cannot
reach him. Such a system cannot be defended.
Those who try to fasten it on the country will
soon hear the thunders of an indignant and
aroused people.
conclusion.'
Let us pay off these bonds as speedily as
Eossible. The manner in which it can be done
as been in part indicated. Let us unfetter this
capital that is thus tied up and put it in circu-
lation among the people. Then again we will
hear the hum of industry in our cities and in all
our borders; towns and cities will spring up as
if by magic; railroads and other means of inter-
communication will be multiplied, and peace,
prosperity, and happiness will bring joy and
gladness to the hearts of our people. What
a contrast this presents to the prospect held
out by the bill now before us, of increasing
the debt one third and fastening the incubus
upon us without remedy or redress for forty
years. Let the people without passion or pre-
judice judge between us, and settle this issue as
their own interest, honor, and dignity demands.
NOTE.
The Funding Bill, which passed the House
of Representatives during the last hour of its
session, and the vote thereon in the House, are
given below. It was-not signed by the Presi-
dent, and consequently has not become a law.
Those voting for it are all Republicans:
An act providing for the payment of the national
debt, and for the reduction of the rate of interest
thereon.
Be it enacted, &o., That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is hereby authorized to issue coupon or regis-
tered bonds of the United States, in such form as he
may prescribe, and of denominations of $100, or any
multiple of that sum, redeemable in coin at the
pleasure of the United States after thirty and forty
years, respectively, and bearing the following rates
of yearly interest, payable semi-annually in coin,
that is to say: the isstae of bonds falling due in thirty
yeaA shall bear intere^tat four and a half per cent.;
and bonds falling duo in forty years shall bear in-
terest at four per cent,; which said bonds and the
interest thereon shall be exempt, from the payment
of all taxes or duties to the United States other than
such income tax as may be assessed on other incomes,
as well as from taxation in any form by or under
State, municipal, or local authority, and the said
bonds shall be exclusively used, par for par, for th«
redemption of or in exchange for an equal amount
of any of the present outstanding bonds of the Uni-
ted States known as the five-twenty bonds, and may
be issued to an amount, in the aggregate, sufficient
to cover the principal of all such live-twenty bonds,
and no more.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That there is
hereby appropriated out of the duties derived from
imported goods the sum of $135,000.000 annually,which
sum, during each fiscal year, shall be applied to the
payment of the interest and to the reduction of the
principal of the public debt, in such a manner as may
be determined by the Secretary of the treasury or as
Congress may hereafter direct : and such reduction
shall be in lieu of the sinking fund contemplated by
the fifth section of theaetentitled An act to author-
ize the issue of United States notes, and for the
redemption or funding thereof, and funding the float-
ing debt of tho United States," approved February
25,1862.
