1984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
bring it down to that we had to set aside
$26,500,000 that are now appropriated and to
be paid out for bounties ; and" we had to accept
also the estimate of $50,000,000 from whisky,
when nobody expects that that amount will be
received; and we also had to accept his esti-
mate of the amount from incomes as he stated
it, and I do not think it will begin to reach
that amount. Besides that, we did not take
in to calculation the annual increase of the public
debt for three or four years to come, which is
inevitable by past legislation in consequence
of subsidies to railroads that have been char-
tered, and which will, in due course of time,
call upon the Treasury for additional millions
of dollars in the shape of bonds.
Now, Mr. President, I desire that Senators
shall examine this question for themselves. I
do not ask them to take my estimates; but
1 say this, and I am willing to have it put
upon record, that the deficit, instead of being
$10,000,000, will be more than forty million
dollars. Is not that enough? If we should pass
the bill as reported the deficit will be more
than forty million dollars for the year to come,
in my judgment.
But, Mr. President, instead of this being a
question of protection to the sugar manufac-
turers, it is a question of protection tb the
credit of the Government itself. In relation
to the particular item under consideration 1
suppose it will be in order for me to perfect
the amendment before the vote is taken on
striking out, and 1 shall, therefore, offer an
amendment proposing to reinstate the tax
upon brown sugar. We adjusted the internal
revenue tax upon refined sugars in the act of
1867 to the satisfaction of the sugar refiners.
We gave them this advantage which they had not
theretofore enjoyed: that we did not tax them
two per cent, on the sirup or molasses, the
residuum that was left in the process of man-
ufacture. There was one other point to which
they called our attention at that time, and as
to which I thought they were entitled to relief,
and when the opportune moment arrives 1 shall
be in favor of granting it; and that is in rela-
tion to the higher grades of refined sugars.
Those sugars that are above the grade of No.
15 to 20, Dutch standard, are refined by the
centrifugal process in Cuba, and brought in
here so as to compete with our loaf or crushed
or granulated or pulverized refined sugars.
On these sugars foreign refiners have some
advautages over American refiners.
Therefore, I shall bo quite ready to grant
them relief in thatdirection whenever a proper
occasion and a proper bill shall be before us
so that we can do it. But these parties have
enjoyed a lucrative business for years. There
has been no business 111 the whole country that
has been more profitable than that of sugar
refining. So great is it that by their own con-
fession ninety per cent, of all the raw sugars
that are brought into this country are to-day
refined. We have nothing scarcely but what
passes through the sugar refineries of tjiis
country. Take the lower grades of sugars
that come from India ; they are first subject to
a duty of three cents a pound, and even these
are lefined so as to increase their value and
increase their cost. Take the higher grades;
they are also refined. All those grades of sugars
constantly passing through in these refineries
are increased in value, and then are consumed
by the country; and there is no people on earth
that consume so large a quantity of sugar per
capita as the people of the United States.
Mr. President, the claim on the part of the
Senator from New York that these sugars are
largely refined in that city is just. They are
refined there; but it would be 110 more just to
claim that New York should have any favor
0.11 that account than it would be to claim
favor for the city of New York because there are
collected there nearly three fourths of the cus-
toms duties. Those duties are not paid by New
York because that proportion of all the cus-
toms duties that are collected in the country is
collected at the city of New York. It would
be just as absurd to claim any favor on that
account as it would bo for the people of my
town, for instance, to claim some favor in re-
lation to the manufacture of copperas when
they manufacture millions of pounds but do
not consume one pound.
But, in relation to the amendment which I
propose here, I think if Senators can be made
to understand it they will see the propriety of
its adoption. As I observed when I intro-
duced this subject on a former occasion, the
sugar planters of this country, who will pay a
small portion of the tax which we shall gather
on this article, are very largely protected. They
are protected at the rate of three cents a pouud,
and if this tax is imposed they will still have a
protection of two cents, which is a greater pro-
tection than is granted to iron, to silk, or to
any other article of manufacture that can be
named that 1 am aware of.
Besides that, it will be unjust to cliange,this
if we retain the tax on refined sugars, because
the article of brown sugar is very extensively
made from molasses. Molasses pays a duty
of eight cents a gallon, and from that is ob-
tained something like four pounds of sugar,
sometimes less, sometimes more, but certainly
three pounds of sugar, and a residuum that is
very valuable after that. 11' we should take
this tax off it would inevitably produce this
result; that instead of the lower grades of sugar
being imported here they would all come in
in the shape of molasses and be refined into
the lowest quality of brown sugar. 1 do not
think we ought to give an advantage to that
class of sugar makers or sugar refiners, or
whatever name may attach to them, and they
(Jo not desire it that I am aware of. I trust,
without consuming further time, that there will
be no objection to the adoption of the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is not in order at this time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Is it not in
Order to move to amend a paragraph which it
is proposed to strike out?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. But this
amendment would be in the third degree. It
is not in order until the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New York shallhave been disposed of.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The propo-
sition, as I understand it, is on the part of the
Senator from New York to strike out all in re-
lation to sugars. I propose to oiler an amend-
ment adding words to the words proposed to be
stricken out.
The PRESIDENTprotfempora. The propo-
sition of the Senator from New York is an
amendment to an amendment, and that is as
far as the process of amendment can be car-
ried. The question is on the amendment of
the Senator lrom New York to the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I shall vote against this amendment striking
out sugar for I see no reason why we should
strike out sugar and retain the tax on coffee,
mustard, and the other articles mentioned in
the section ; and after voting against striking
out sugar, I shall vote for striking out all this
part of the section. I believe that the inter-
ests of this country require that the manufac-
turers of every kind should have relief, should
have a jubilee. They have been taxed, and
they have paid their taxes freely, generously,
heroically, because there was necessity for it.
1 do not believe that that necessity now exists;
and so far from the taking off of this tax being
a step toward repudiation, by encouraging the
industrial interests of the country, it is a step
toward enabling us better and easier to pay our
debts. We have now in theTreasury in currency
about one hundred and fifty million dollars.
We have 580,000,000 in gold, which is equal to
about one hundred and twelve million dollars
in currency, and thirty-seven or thirty-eight
million dollars in currency, making a total of
§150,000.000. While that money is in the
Treasury I hold it to be the interest of this
country to take off all these burdens from the
industry of the country and give it a chance to
recuperate, to recover its strength, after the
great strain that has been laid upon it.
Neither do we propose that there, shall be
so great a deficiency as some suppose. Those
who vote in favor of striking out these excepted
articles very probably before Congress ad-
journs will supply the Treasury by revenue
from another source, such as a tax on sales,
or taxation on some branch of the interests of
the country that can better bear it. I hope that
this amendment will not be agreed to and that
the whole list of exceptions will be stricken out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York [Mr. Morgan] to the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORGAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 21, nays 24 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messis. Cameron, Oattell, Conklinff, Con-
ness, Davis, Dixon, Hendricks, Johnson, MeOreery,
Morgan, Nye, Patterson ot' Tennessee, Ramsey,
Salisbury, Sumner, Trumbull 'Van Winkle, Viokeis,
Willev, Wilson, and Y;it<>.—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cole. Corbott, Cnurin,
Diake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden. Fowler, Fre-
liiiKhuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Howard, Howe,
Morrill of Maine. Morrill of Vermont. Morton,
Norton, Pomeroy, Koss, Sherman, Tipton, Wade,and
Wiiliams—'ii
AB8ENT—Mossrg. Anthony, Bayard. Chandler,
Doolit.tle. Ilarlan, Patterson, of New Hampshire,
Spi'jgue, Stewart, ancl Thayer—9.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now move
to amend the amendment of the committee by
inserting after the word "mustard" the words
'• on all sugars produced from sugar-cane, and
not from sorghum or imphee other than those
produced by the refinery.''
Mr. CONNESS. If that amendment be
adopted will it be in order to strike it out
again ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not unless you st.ike out
the whole clause.
Mr. CONNESS. Will it bo in order to move
to strike out other words, including these, if
this amendment be adopted?
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It will be.
Mr. CONNESS. All right, then.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 trust the Senate will
not adopt this amendment. The only remain-
ing article of raw agricultural product now
taxed is the sugar of Louisiana—sugar made
from molasses. Something like half a million
dollars is realized from it. After considera-
tion the committee scarcely thought it worth
while to retain this tax. Every Senator will
understand the question without debate. It is
a question whether we shall tax now by an
internal tax sugar produced in this "country
from the sugar-cane. It is at present subject,
to a tax of two per cent. The committee thought
it better to repeal it, and let it fall with the cot-
ton tax and all other taxes on agricultural prod-
ucts. 1 will not, however, detain the Senate
by discussion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will merely
say that only about one half the amount col-
lected heretofore has been collected in Louisi-
ana and a large part of it was not from the
agricultural product but was from the refining
from molasses. The amount collected in
Louisiana was §281,000. I think the whole
scheme will have to be legislated upon within
a few weeks if we do not adopt this amend-
ment It is the only way in which we can
equalize the whole subject. I think t lie refiners
themselves, if we retain the tax on refined sugar,
will complain if this tax is not placed 011 this
article.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I trust this amend-
ment will not prevail, and I trust so because
1 am always opposed to taxing products of the
earth, and I consider raw sugar as nothing more
than a product of the earth. We tax manu-
factured articles probably with propriety : I
speak now of manufactured articles as opposed
to mere articles of production. They assume
different shapes; they have more than the value
of the labor added to them in the process of
