484
AiTlLN'iUX TO THE COtfttllEBSIOiTAL GLOBE.
[July 23,
Ho. oxi- Heps.
Position of our Gauntry—Mr. Miller.
40th Cong....2d Sess:
Sec. 3. Andbc ttjui'therenacted. Thatfrom andafter
the passage of this act no percentage, deduction, com-
minion, or eompensation of any amount or kind
shall be allowed to any person for the sale, negotia-
tion, redemption, or exchange of any bonds or securi-
ties of tho United States, or of any coin or bullion
disposed of at the Treasury Department or elsewhere
on account of the United States; and all acts and
pai ts of acts authorizing or permitting, by construc-
tion or otherwise, the Secretary of the Treasury to
appoint any agent, otherthan some proper ofTiecr of
his Department, to make such sale, negotiation,
redemption, or exchange of bonds and securities, are
hereby repealed.
Vote in the House on its passage.
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, James M. Ashley,
Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Beatty, Benton, Bingham,
Boles, Boutwell, Bowen, Boyden, Bromwcil, Buck-
land, Buckley, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Caltis,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Covode, Cullom, Delano, Drigg.s Ela, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Forriss, Fields, French, Garfield, (Joss, <4ove,
Halsey, Haughey, Higby, Hill, Iliivls, Hopkins,
Chester D. Hubbard,Hunter, Jcnckes. Judd, ICelley,
Kellogg, Ketcham, Koontz, Lalliu, 'William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Mallory,
JVlaynard, McClurg, McKce, Mercur, Miller, Moore,
Mullins. Myerb, Noma, O'Neill, Paine, Perham,
looters, Pile, Plants, Poland, Po!sley, Prince, Eaum,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scoiield, Shanks, Spalding, Aaron
F.Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Sypher, Taffe, Taylor,
John Trimble, Twiclicll, Van Aernam. Burt Van
Horn, Van Wyck. Vidal, Elihu B.Washburne, Henry
D. Washburn, William J3. Washburn, Welker,
"Whittemorc, William Williams, and John T. Wil-
son—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Delos R. Ashley, Axtell,
Baker, Beck, Benjamin F, Butler, Cary. Deweese,
Doekcry, Eggleston, Eldridge, Gretz, Orlossbrenner,
Grover, Ingcrsoll, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr,
Mann, Marshall, McCullough, Mungen, Niblack,
Orth, Phelps. Randall, Ross, Taber, Thomas, Law-
rence S. Trimble, Van Auken, and Van Tiump—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Arnell,
Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Benjamin, Blackburn,
Blaine, Biair, Boyer, Brooks, Broomall, Burr, Chan-
ler, Chit, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Dawes, Dixon,
Dodge. Donnelly, Ecklcy. Edwards, Ferry, Finney,
Fox, G-olJaday, Gravely, Griswold, F-Iaight, Hamil-
ton, Harding. Hawkins, Heaton, Holman, Hooper,
Hotehkiss. Asahel "W. llabbard, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Alexander II. Jones,
Julian, Kelscy, Kitchen, Knott, Lash, George V.
Lawrence, Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy, McCormick,
Moorhead, Morrell, Morrissey, Neweomb, Newsham,
Nicholson, Nunn, Pierce, Pike, Pomeroy, Price,
Pruyn, Robertson, Robinson, Roots, Selye, Shella-
foarger, Sitgreaves. S,mitb, Starkweather, Thaddeus
Stevens. Stone, Trowbridge, Upson. Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, Thomas
Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson, Win-
dom, Wood, Woudbridgo, and Woodward—88.
1'osiiloii of oar Couatry.
SPEECH OF HON. G. F. MILLER,
of pennsylvania,
Ix the House of Representatives,
July 23, 1868,
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on
tho state of tho Union.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Chairman, the position
of our country attracts the attention of oil those
who feel a deep and abiding interest in its per-
petuity. We are a nation less than a century
old, and a few Pilgrims who left the land of
their birth to avoid persecution and enable
them to worship God according to the dictates
of their own conscience were in a great meas-
ure the founders of this,Iiepublic. We had to
encounter severe wars. The first was that of
the Revolution, which was caused by the cut-
ting loose of our forefathers from the mother
country on account of unjust laws and oppres-
sion. Seven years of bloody conflict achieved
our final independence, which Great Britain
reluctantly conceded on the'SOth ot November.
1782. The United States at that time contained
a little less than three million people. The
British Government not acting in good faith,
a second war was declared on the 8th of June,
1812, in which our arms were again successful
in maintaining our independence, and on the
24th day of December, 1814, a treaty of peace
and amity between the United States of Amer-
ica and Great Britain was signed at Ghent.
Our population ai that time had increased to a
little over eight millions. Tho next war we
had with a foreign Power was with Mexico,
declared in ISfo, in which we w.ere again suc-
cessful, and our flag carried and planted in the
capital of that nation, which brought Mexico
to terms satisfactory to the United States, and
a treaty was concluded in February, 1848.
But of all our wars none equaled that of the
late rebellion, known as the war of-1861. It
was a mighty contest between freedom and
slavery. On that issue depended this nation's
destiny and the nation's life. More than half
a million lives were sacrificed in defense of this
Republic. For a while a dark cloud seemod
to be hovering over us ; but the hand of a
beneficent Providence was with us, and free-
dom triumphed. Though we have succeeded
by force of arms in putting down the rebellion,
yet a great work remained to be done in regard
to the eleven late rebel States, who claimed to
have seceded, which, according to the census
of 18G0, contained in the aggregate, including
slaves, a population of 9,259,677; and the
question presented was upon what conditions
shall they be admitted to representation, so
as to afford a sufficient guarantee against an-
other outbreak. The conflict of ideas is still
upon us. Andrew Johnson, who had been put
in nomination for Vice President in 1861, on
the same ticket with the lamented Lincoln,
when he was reelected as Chief Magistrate of
this nation, and on the death of Mr. Lincoln
succeeded to the Presidency, undertook to
establish a policy of his own, by which those
late rebel States were to be admitted to full
political rights without any condition what-
ever or security against a future rebellion.
This the Republican members of Congress
would not assent to, and had they done so
they would have been derelict in duty and
proved false to the high trust committed,, to
their charge. Hence the eruption between the
Executive (Mr. Johnson) and Congress. The
Thirty-Kinth and Fortieth Congresses had
arduous duties to perform, and were determ-
ined to stand on the side of the people, not-
withstanding the usurpation of the President,
who vetoed every measure passed calculated
to make sure and lasting peace to the country,
and endeavored, with all the official power he
possessed, to destroy the political party that
placed him in office. But the Republican Con-
gress were not to be daunted, and stood in solid
phalanx, and by a two-thirds vote passed all
wholesome and salutary laws over the vetoes.
Congress, as a sure and safe guarantee, passed
an amendment to the Constitution of the United
States by a two-thirds vote, known as article
fourteen, which is as follows:
_ Be it resolved by the Feaatc and Ho me of Repr'eienla-
tivefi r,J the United iStates of Aipcrica in Cnnrirexs ir?se l-
bled, (two thiid^of both it'in-c.- concurring,) That tho
following articlc bo proposed fo the Legislatures of
the several States as :in amendment to the Constitu-
Ti'i!i of the United States, which, when ratified by >
three fourths of said Legislatures, shall bo valid as
part of the Constitution, namely :
Aeticle xiv.
Section 1. All persons born or naturalized in the '
United Sfates, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, j
are citizens of tho United Stales and of the State ■
wherein theyreside. I^o State shall make or enforce j
any law which shall abridge the privileges or imniu- ,
nities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any •
State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property ;
without due process of law, nor <teny to any person 1
within its jurisdiction the equalfeirotection of the j
laws. ■ ;
Sec.2. Rcpresentativessliall be apportioned among
the several States according to their respective num-
bers, counting the whole number of persons in each
State, excluding Indians not taxed. But when the
right to vote a,t any eicctiou for the choice of elect-
ors for President and Vice President of the United
States, Representatives in Congress, the executive
and judicial officersof aState, oi tlic members of the :
Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the male in- I
habitants of such State, being twenty-one years of j
age, and citizens of tho United States, or in any way |
abiidgcd, except, for paiticipation in rebellion or !
other crime, the basis of representation therein shall !
bo reduced in the proportion which the number of j
such male citizens shall bear to the whole number
of male citizens twenty-ono years of ago in such [
State. i
Sec. 3. So per=onshall be a Senatoror Kepresor.t- ;
ative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice
President, or hold any office, civil or mihr iry, under
the United States, or under any State, who having
previously taken an oath as a member ot Congress,
or as an officer of tho United States, or as a member
of any State Legislature, or as an executive or judi-
cial officer of any State, to support the Constitution
of the United States, shall have ongaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may,
by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove sneh
disability.
Sec. 4. The validity of the public debt of the Uni-
ted States, authorized by law, including: debts in-
curred for payment of pensions and bounties forser-
viees in suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall
not be questioned. But neither the United States
nor any State shall assume or pay any debt or obli-
gation incurred in aid of insurrection or rebellion
against the United States, or any claim for the loss
or emancipation of any slave; but all suchdebts, ob-
ligations, and claims shall be hold illegal and void.
Sec. 5. That Congress shall have power to enforce
by appropriate legislation the provisions of this ar-
ticle.
T-his was submitted to the several States for
their ratification, but met with violent opposi-
tion on the part of the President. Tennessee,
however, manfully adoptedit, and was admitted
to representation in Congress. It was then
found necessary to adopt more stringent rules
in regard to the government and reconstruction
of the other late rebel States. And 1 am happy,
Mr. Chairman, now to be able to say that all
those eleven States, except three, have been re-
constructed under tho policy of-Congress, and
representatives therefrom admitted in both
branches of Congress. The three remaining
unreconstructed States and without represent-
ation are those of Virginia, Mississippi, and
Texas, which, had it not been for the conduct
of President Johnson, would also have adopted
the proper measures to secure their admission.
It was made a condition-precedent that before
any of the States who claimed to have seceded
should be admitted to representation the Le-
gislature of the State so applying should have
ratified said constitutional amendment, and
ihat now, by the notice published by the Secre-
tary of State, it appears that three fourths of
the entire States of this Union have ratified
said amendment to the Constitution of the
United States known as article fourteen, which
makes it part of the Constitution, and affords
security to these United States against the rebel
debt, or any other unjust scheme that might be
got up by those who were in sympathy with the
late rebellion. When Ohio and New Jersey
got a Democratic majority in their Legislatures
lliey tried to withdraw the ratification of said
amendment, but it was too late, and it only
shows the opposition of the leaders of that party
to any measure which is calculated to prevent
rebels and their sympathizers from doing fur-
ther mischief. As I have frequently remarked
on other occasions, I look upon this amend-
ment as the most important measure ever
adopted, and the only one that gives adequate
security to the tax-payers of the country and
prevents a dismemberment of the Union. To
change it will require two thirds of both Houses
of Congress and three fourths of the States,
which it is not likely can ever be Obtained.
We can now present to the country the pros-
pect of a happy future, provided the policy
already inaugurated by Congress should be
sustained. Our national debt may be put down
at $2,500,000,000, which is not discouraging
when ive take into consideration that we have
now a population of about forty millions, and
the vast resources of our extensue country,
compared with that of other nations. We have
reduced taxation very considerably, and still
our revenue will enable us to pay the expenses
of the Government, the interest on the public
debt, and leave some to be applied toward the
extinguishment of the principal. But to keep
our country in a prosperous condition it is
necessary that the policy of Congress which
has heretofore been so nobly sustained by a
grateful people should be maintained, and that
can only be done effectually by electing the
Republican candidates for the two highest
offices in the gift of the American people. One
of them, Geneial Ulysses S. Grant, the candi-
date for the presidential chair, has led our
- armies to victory and quelled one of the greatest
