1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8009:
was our purpose in passing that constitutional
amendment; that was our purpose in requiring
it to be ratified by the requisite number of
States. If it be ti ue that twenty-three States,
being more than three fourths of the loyal States
of the Union, havingratified the constitutional
amendment, it is now a part of the Constitu-
tion, then this clause is perfectly constitutional
and perfectly proper; but there is doubt upon
that question ; people do differ as to whether
or not that has taken effect. The object of
this provision is not to allow persons to go into
possession of office in the southern States who
are made ineligible by that fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution, for if they are allowed
to take possession of the offices now, when the
States ratify the constitutional amendment,
^hen twenty-eight shall have given their assent
to it, then these persons in office must neces-
sarily vacate and there will be no provision for
filling the offices.
Mr. President, are we afraid to stand upon
our platform ? Are we beginning to eraw-fish
out ot this business at this time ? After we have
passed a constitutional amendment by two
thirds majority of both Houses with a view of dis-
qualifying these very persons and keeping them
out of office in the South, and after twenty-three
States have ratified that constitutional amend-
ment, and after we require it as a condition of
the admission of these States into the Union that
they shall ratify the constitutional amendment,
are we now afraid to apply it? Shall we say
that it is not advisable to apply it to the south-
ern States? We want to keep the rebels out
of office, do we not? Is not that our purpose?
Mr. CONKHNG. Does the fourteenth
amendment keep them out?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It does when in force.
Mr. CONKLING. Not one of these States
is to come in until it ratifies, and all the rest
come in at the same time and ratify, so that it
will be a part of the Constitution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; one State may ratify the constitutional
amendment at one time and another State at
another time ; one State will ratify in two
weeks from this time, another in a month,
another in two months; they are not expected
to ratify the constitutional amendment on the
same day, and whenever each State does ratify
it the persons who are eligible under the con-
stitutional amendment are to come into pos-
session of the State offices, and those who have
been rebels, or those who are disqualified
by the constitutional amendment, are to be
excluded. It seems to me that is reasonable
and just. It will prevent confusion and dis-
order in the southern States if we now provide
for putting the State governments there in the
hands of loyal men. It is to avoid confusion
and disorder and distraction that I insist that
this amendment ought to be adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, we are to
put these State governments, as soon as we
make them State governments, into the hands
of themselves, if 1 understand the theory ot
setting up States. When we have set up aState
and declared by this bill that on agreeing to the
constitutional amendment it shall become once
more a State to all intents and purposes, it
appears to me rather singular for us to declare
by act of Congress what sort of persons shall
hold offices under that State constitution. It
is a thing that cannot be done. We may pro-
vide by constitutional amendment, when a suf-
ficient number of Slates shall have agreed to
it, that certain persons shall be disqualified.
That we have provided ; and we provided it
by constitutional amendment, because we knew
and everybody else knew, that it could not
otherwise be done. An act of Congress would
be perfectly inefficacious to declare what sort
of persons should bold office in \ermontorin
Oregon. It is totally beyond our power. Now
we cannot play fast and loose about this busi-
ness.
The whole object of this act is to set up a
State government. We have selected by our
previous laws the class of persons who were to
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 189.
set this government up. We have permitted
them to seleet their State officers and form their
State constitution. Now we say when they
have complied with certain conditions that we
impose they shall become a State government
and shall be remitted to themselves. My friend
from Oregon proposes that, having done that,
we shall declare in the same breath that cer-
tain persons whom they have elected to State
offices shall not be qualified to hold office under
that State government. Who, then, is to exer-
cise the functions of those particular offices?
It has already become a State when these
things shall have been done. My friend may
say the existing person, the appointee of Mr.
Johnson, or the person elected by his constitu-
encies, which were exclusively rebel, or some
military officer who has succeeded to those
appointees, shall take the place. That would
present what my friend would call rather a
craw-fish anomaly, I should think, in govern-
ment—a State government set up, having all
the rights of a State, one half of whose officers
should have been elected by its people, and the
other half should be the military officers of
the United States ! That would be a singular
state of things.
Take North Carolina. I believe it is under-
stood that Governor Holdenis the elected man
as Governor of that State. It is understood
that he is amenable to the constitutional amend-
ment; that lie is a person who cannot act under
the fourteenth article unless Congress shall
relieve the disability. The people have elected
him to office. Now we put the State of North
Carolina on its feet, and we say, "Goon; you
become a State," and at the same time we say
" the Governor that you have elected shall not
exercise the functions of the office to which
you have elected him, but the present military
governor, whoever he may be, after you have
become a State, shall exercise the functions
of Governor there." It is totally inadmissible.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I do not
understand that we say anything of that kind.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the necessary
consequence.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Not at all the necessary
consequence. When this State government is
inaugurated it supplants the provisional gov-
ernment there and all the officers of that pro-
visional government, and the only effect of this
provision would be to vacate the offices and
leave them vacant until others are elected to fill
their places. That would be the necessary effect
of this provision. It does not continue the provis-
ional government or anypartofthe provisional
government in force. As to Governor Holden,
it may be that he is subject to disqualification
under this provision ; but Congress has the
power, and, I believe, Congress contemplates
relieving him from that disability ; but there are
a largenumberofpersonswhohave been elected
in open defiance of our laws, with the express
purpose of defying the power of Congress, who
were rebels during the war, and who knew at
the time they were elected that they would be
disqualified under the constitutional amend-
ment; and it is for the purpose of excluding
such persons from oflice that I offer this pro-
vision. If we had adhered to the reconstruction
law this would be wholly unnecessary, because
that Jaw provided that before any one of those
States should be admitted the fourteenth amend-
ment should have become a part of the consti-
tution ; but we have determined to abandon
that part of the reconstruction law and allow
each State to come in at any time whenever
it may ratify the constitutional amendment,
whether that amendment is a part of the con-
stitution or not. So to carry out the purpose
of the constitutional amendment, to carry out
the purpose we had at the time, it is necessary
that we should adopt this provision to prevent
rebels from coming into office.
Mr. MORTON. I think this amendment is
perfectly proper, and in fact necessary. I
offered one to the same effect the day before
yesterday, but gave way to one offered bv the
Senator from Oregon. It simply provides,
and that is the whole of it, that the same rule
as to eligibility shall be applied to officers
inaugurated before the fourteenth article be-
comes a part of the Constitution, which will
exist after it does become a part of the Consti-
tution, and the disability in either case is to be
removed in the same way by a simple act of
Congress. Otherwise it may happen, as the
Senator from Oregon says, that persons may
be inaugurated as State officers who will be-
come disqualified the moment the fourteenth
article becomes a part fef the Constitution, and
whom Congress, perhaps, may choose never to
relieve: but if we now vote to apply the same
rule to officers that will be applied by the four-
teenth article when it becomes ratified, then
we shall have no contention about it, and the
act of Congress relieving the particular person
will be equally applicable in either case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My recollection is that
the reconstruction act itself provides that no
person shall be elected to any office during
this provisional existence of the governments
who is not qualified in accordance with the
Constitution, or who could not take the test
oath.
Mr. MORTON. That renders it necessary
for the fourteenth article to be part of the
Constitution. There is just the difficulty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This amendment only
applies to the provisional officers. Nobody
proposes, I take it, to pass a law that is to
operate after the State becomes a State, but it
is only in the inauguration, to get a State.
That is as I understand it.
Mr. MORTON. So that no officer shall be
inaugurated who will be disqualified when the
fourteenth article comes to operate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not the recon-
struction act, as it exists, prevent any such
person from qualifying?
Mr. MORTON. No, it does not refer to
the fourteenth article, but to the Constitution
itself, so that the fourteenth amendment would
have to be a part of it to take effect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sorry to occupy
time, but it seems to me we should present a
very singular spectacle to the country if^ we
take the last part of this amendment. What
my friend from Indiana proposed yesterday
was that these elected officers who were not
disqualified by the fourteenth article should be
at once inaugurated, but he immediately pro-
ceeded to provide that this inauguration should
be deemed provisional only, keeping them still
under the controlling authority of the United
States until the first section of the act, that is to
say the fundamental condition about the four-
teenth article, should be complied with. That
would do, because so long as these governments
are provisional, thatisto say governments under
onr law instead of governments under the will
of the people of these States, we have a per-
fect right to declare who shall hold office and
who shall not; and we did in the reconstruc-
tion acts provide for these provisional govern-
ments that only a certain class^of persons
should either hold office or vote for officers.
That was perfectly right; but now Senators
will not forget that we have refused to make
these governments provisional until the four-
teenth article actually becomes a part of the
Constitution of the United States, and we have
declared, on the contrary, that on the passage
of this act and on the adoption by each Legis-
lature of the fourteenth article that shall at
once be a State in the Union to all intents and
purposes. I think we have made a great mis-
take, and I have said that before, but I shall
not argue it over again. That is what this bill
proposes to do. It is not setting up a provis-
ional government in North Carolina or South
Carolina, or any other of these States; it is
readmitting them or restoring them to their
original relations to the Union. Wow, what
my friend from Oregon proposes is, that m
making that, restoration and at the very time
] when that restoration becomes complete, we
shall sav to the people of these States, Here
are a certain class of your citizens whom you
