486
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 9,
Ho. of Heps.
Purchase, of Alaska—Mr. Williams.
40TH COJN'G. ... 2B SESS.
a duty on tonnage contrary to "the provisions of the
convention between the United States and Great
Britain should from and after tbe date of tbat instru-
ment, and during its continuance, be void and of no
effect."
How far this opinion was authorized, will
appear by a reference to the Constitution and
to those principles of public law that bear upon
the ease.
There are but t-wo clauses in that instrument
■which refer directly to the treaty-making power.
The first of these is that which provides that
the President—
"Shall have power, by and with the advice and
consentof theSenate.to make tieaties, piovided two
thirds of the Senate concur.''
The second is that which enacts that—
"This Constitution and tho laws of tho United
States which shall bo made in pursuaneo thereof,
and all treaties made, or which shall be made, under
the authority of the United States shall bo the
supreme law of the land, and the judges in every
State shall be bound thereby, anything in the con-
stitution or laws of any Stato to the contrary not-
withstanding."
It is not to be disputed, therefore, that the
treaty-making power is exclusively in the Pres-
ident and Senate, and that tho treaties made
by them are to have the same force as the laws
enacted by Congress itself, and no more, while
in strictness of speech they are not laws except
by force of the Constitution.
If this grant of power stood alone it would,
of course, impart to the President and Sen-
ate all the faculties that ordinarily belong to
the sovereign in this particular, it being an
essential andinherent attribute of every sover-
eignty to make treaties for the regulation of
its externa! relations and intercourse.
It is not to be understood, however, that
even in this aspect of the case the authority of
the usual organ is absolute. It is a well-set-
tled principle of public law that—
"Any thing that has been promised by the chief or
liis_ agent beyond the limits of the authority with
which the State has intrustcdhim, is atmoFtnomore
than a simple promise, which only obliges
tlie promiser to us© his endoavors to procure its
ratification."—Martin's L. U., chap. 1, sec. 3, p. 49.
Even the stipulation of a monarch, though
he should be absolute, cannot be valid if it
militates against the fundamental law of the
State, unless ratified by the nation. {Ibid.)
But the treaty-making power is only a part,
and a very subordinate one, of our Constitu-
tion of Government, which is a complex ma-
chine, whose several parts must be made to
■work in such a way as to move together with-
out jar or collision, and in entire harmony
with each other, so as to accomplish the gen-
eral object to which they are all subordinate.
That object has reference mainly to the interior
life of the people for whose benefit the instru-
ment was contrived. All that lies beyond this
province, and relates to what is only external,
is but incidental and auxiliary to the general
purpose, and is not., therefore, to be inter-
preted so as to impair or destroy any of the
vital functions of the State.
It is to be observed, however, in the first
place, that as among the powers that are coor-
dinate that which is endowed with the superior
function of making the laws—of which the
others are but the ministers—is, of course,
preeminent in dignity and degree, so in the
very forefront of the Constitution stands the
great and fundamental provision that—
"All legislative power therein granted shall be
vested in_ a Congress of tho IJnited States, which
shall consist of a Senate and a ilouse of Represent-
atives.
It seems clear, then, thatalthough all treaties
made under the authority of the United States
are declared to be apart of the supreme law,
and as such obligatory on the judges of the
several States, it was not supposed by the
framers of the Constitution that the function
of making thera. was a legislative power. And
this is in accordance with the general idea that
they are but in the nature of contracts between
nations, and are not to be,regarded in courts
of justice as equivalent to an act of the Legis-
lature except where they operate per se, and
without the aid of any legislative provision.
(Story's Com,, sec. 1508; Foster to. Nielson, 1
Peters ; Turner vs. Am. Bapt. Miss. Union, 5
M'Clain, 344.)
But the Constitution does not stop here.
After thus declaring that all legislative power
therein granted shall be vested in a Congress,
it-proceeds to particularize and define pre-
cisely what these powers shaH be, and among
those enumerated are the authority to levy and
collect taxes, to borrow money, to regulate
commerce with foreign nations, to declare war,
to raise and support armies, to provide and
maintain a Navy, to dispose of and make all
needful rules and regulations respecting the
Territory or other property of the United
States, and to pass all laws necessary and
proper for carrying into execution any of these
powers.
Is there anything, then, in the treaty-making
power to interfere with, or abridge any of the
important functions thus expressly assigned to
the law maker ? May it levy and collect taxes,
or borrow or appropriate money, or regulate
commerce, or declare war, or raise and support
armies by virtue of an alliance offensive and
defensive with one of two belligerents? Or can
it legally stipulate to do either of these things
without the voluntary consent or cooperation
of that department of the Government to which
they are especially intrusted? If it may, the
express grant of the whole legislative power to
Congress over all these subjects is subordinate
to the claims of the treaty-making power, and it
may revolutionize the Government and become
the complete master of the State by usurping
the whole functions of the Legislature. Nay,
more; as it is unrestricted in its terms, as
the Congress is not, it may even transcend the
limits of that department itself upon the doctrine
of ihe advocates of this bill.
But there is no rule of construction that can
support such an interpretation. It is admitted
by Story that "although this power is general
and unrestricted it is not to be so construed
as to destroy the fundamental law of the State."
" A power -given by tho Constitution," he con-
tinues, " cannot be construed to authorize the
destruction of other powers given in the same
instrument. It must be construed, therefore,
in subordination to it, and cannot supersede
or interfere with any of its fundamental provis-
ions. Each is equally obligatory and of para-
mount authority within its scope, and no one
embraces a right to annihilate any other. A
treaty to change the organization of the Gov-
ernment, or annihilate its sovereignty, or over-
turn its .Republican form, or to deprive it of
its constitutional powers would be void."
(Story's Com., sec. 1508.) And Chancellor
Kent, referring to the admission of Vattel,
(book 1, chap. 20, p. 241; Ibid., chap. 21, sec.
262; book 4, chap. 2, sees. 11 and 12,) that the
fundamental law of a nation may withhold the
power of alienation by treaty, remarks that—
"It would seem by necessary inference to be a
violation of tho fundamental law forthetieaty-mak-
ing power, acting under sucii an instrument as tlie
Constitution of the Ihi'ted States, 1o agree by treaty ,
for tho abolition or alteration of any part of the
Constuution. The stipulation would go to destroy
the very authority, for making tho treaty."—Kent's
Com., 160, Note.
It may be added to this that where a power
is expressly conferred by description and enu-
meration, as in the case of those vested by the
Constitution in Congress, it is not to be taken
away by implication, or, in other words, by
giving to the acts of another and coordinate
authority the mere force of a supreme law so !
far only as regards the constitutions and the j
laws of the several States. Where it is general
it may be limited by exceptions; but where
it is special, even an express reservation to
the extent of the grant itself, would be void for
tbe repugnancy, unless upon the hypothesis that
the powers in question were intended to be con-
cm rent. That, however, is the very question
11 in dispute. The argument here is that the
treaty-making power is supreme, and of course
exclusive; that it may not only repeal all exist-
ing laws, but oblige the Legislature to enact
just such others as it may stipulate on any of
the subjects expressly committed by the Con-
stitution to its own hands.
Nor is it an answer to say that the terms of
tbe Constitution are satisfied by the fact that
the office of executing the will of the treaty-
making power is in the hands of Congress, and
to be performed by it. The power to legislate
is a power to deliberate, which implies a power
to refuse. It is of its very essence that the
will of the agent should be free. If it may be
coerced by the pressure of a supposed moral
obligation, reinforced by a possible menace of
war, he is but the blind instrument of a supe-
rior, and it is difficult to see why he might not,
on principle, be compelled by mandamus to
the performance of what would then be no
better than a mere ministerial duty. The coun-
cils or legislators of a political corporation have
been more than once constrained to levy and
collect taxes for the payment of a corporate
obligation. The difference would be only one
of digiiity or degree.
But it does not follow that the treaty-making
power must fail, because it cannot be allowed
to displace the law-giver," by usurping his func-
tions or subordinating him into the mere crea-
ture of its will. While it is clear that in a case
of manifest repugnancy, the latter and inferior
grant must give way, it is an equally well-
settled rule of construction, that it must be
supported, if it can be made to stand along
with the other without a conflict, in order to
give effect, if possible, to all the parts of the
instrument, or, in tho usual tedhnical phrase,
tit res magis valeat quam pereat. If the
treaty-making power be so exercisable as not
to interfere with the authority specially and
expressly conferred on Congress, it must beheld
to operate only to that extent, and in th$it way.
The resolution of 1700 asserts that in all
cases where a treaty stipulates regulations on
any subject committed by the Constitution to
Congress, it must depend for its execution as
to such stipulations upon a law or laws to be
passed by Congress; and the act of 1816,
already referred to," affirms the same idea. It
may be doubted, however, whether there is
any possible case of a stipulation within the
scope and meaning of the Constitution upon
any subject that is not committed to Congress,
as it seems clear that there is none outside of
its constitutional powers, in which it could be
made competent to act even by the authority
of a^ treaty. The effect, then, of this doctrine
would seem, in strictness, to be to require the
assent of the Legislature in all cases whatever.
I am not quile prepared, however, to go
that length, nor is it essential to the Support
of my conclusions in the present case, that 1
should. But it may be admitted thatthere are
treaties that operate per se, or execute them-
selves, either by establishing a new rule, or
possibly repealing an existing law, while there
are others which involve stipulations that are
dependent on the action of the Legislature,
and necessitate its intervention to carry them
into effect, and which, therefore, by the intro-
duction oi this new element, must necessarily
turn over the whole question to thepowerwhich
they have invoked, unless the actiou of that
^ power may be bargained for in a way entirely
i at war with its very nature, and its whole con'
, siitution and purposes. In the one case the
; treaty isperfeet, while in the other it is nnper-
; feet.
Nor is this distinction a fanciful one. It has
; the support of authority as well as reason. lu
the case of Foster et al. vs. Nielson, 2 Peters,
ol4, it is said bv the Supreme Court:
"Our Constitution declares a treaty to be the law
of the l.iml. It i- eouaujucnily to be rcgaided in
of justice us ci,u;v<;iciit to an aot oi tbeLygis-
i<> tuv<\ wb pi ever it operates: by itself, Without tbe aid
. ol ar.y logi&iaJivo pt'yvjuoa. But when the teims of
