1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
and purer atmosphere than this. The people
will be anxious to know why it is that it takes
more judges to decide against Congress than
to decide for it. It will be a pertinent inquiry
for the people of this country why it takes six
judges to decide against Congress while three
may sustain Congress, and yet, sir, such is the
ell'tct of the unconstitutional measure you
have passed.
But they were not satisfied with that. Fear-
in!: that even the Chief Justice and some of the
other justices, who have been dabbling in the
dirty pool of party politics, might rise above
the party influences which surround them and
that the entire judiciary would decide this
measure to be unconstitutional, they have pro-
vided in this bill that they shall not touch this
subject at all—that they shall not investigate it
or decide against it.
They further make provision to strip the
President of the United States of his power,
and the able gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Boutwell] says that Congress has the
constitutional right to do it; that they have the
right to determine what the Army shall be,
wliere it shall be, and who shall command it.
Then what is left for the President to do?
Nothing at all. You take the Army entirely
out of the hands and control of the Executive
and Commander-in-Chief and place it in the
hands and under the control of a subordinate
oflicer. Now, I contend you have no consti-
tutional right to do any such thing.
Mr. Speaker, 1 do not concur in the senti-
ment expressed the other day by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Wood,] that this is
not a famous Congress, that this is an odious
Congress. Why, sir, this is the most powerful
body of men ever assembled in this country.
No Congress, since the days of Washington,
ever had the power to do what this Congress
has done. This has been a bold Congress. It
is the first Congress that ever closed its doors
against legally-elected members taking their
seats here, and thereby violated the plain pro-
visions of the Constitution of the United States.
I his is the first Congress that ever had the
b.oldness to determine that an order from some
otiicer should be a sufficient justification for
any offense committed. Under a law passed
by Congress a man might be guilty of rape
and larceny and forgery, and if he had a cer-
tificate from an officer authorizing him to do
those things that certificate was a sufficient
answer in a court of justice.
Why, sir, this is a glorious Congress. No
other Congress ever ventured upon such deli-
cate ground. It is a Congress which will live
in history for its acts in trampling down the
very foundations of the Government, and over-
throwing the institutions established by our
fathers.
Sir, I say these things with no feelings of
anger. I say them in sorrow. When I look
back at the history of governments I see scat-
tered everywhere along the highway of nations
the failures of efforts to establish and maintain
republican forms of government. I had hoped
better things for ourselves. I had hoped that
our Government was founded upon the immu-
table principles of truth and justice, and that
it would endure as long as water ran or grass
grew ; but I entertain very serious fears upon
this subject. If I thought I could have any
influence upon the few members whom I now
see around me, that I could lead them to exert
their influence and power in behalf of main-
taining and upholding the Constitution of my
country, I would gladly make the effort to
secure that result.
Gentlemen here have had a great deal to say
about the attachment we profess to the Consti-
tution. Why, my colleague [Mr. Farnsworth]
said on yesterday that we had got to be—what
was it?—" screecliers for the Constitution;"
that he had become sick and tired of this
"screeching for the Constitution." Sir, I do
love the old Constitution ; I do revere and ven-
erate the old Government made by our fathers;
and no sneers from gentlemen upon the other
side of the House will drive me to yield up the
«3evotion and veneration I have for the Consti-
tution of my country. My colleague saw fit to
call hard names and to cast epithets upon others
here. I regret that lie should have felt it neces-
sary to do so. It is the best evidence of the
want of sound argument when gentlemen resort
to such things. That gentleman is, no doubt, a
gallant gentleman. His modest allusions since
he has been here to his services in the Army
show that he is a gallant man; because all great
men are very modest, especially military men;
they hardly ever say anything about themselves.
Of his loyalty there can be no reasonable doubt.
A man who can rotate from a brigadier gen-
eralship into Congress, and rotate back again
whenever he pleases, and part of the time draw
the pay for both places, of course must have
his loyalty greatly enhanced.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
ask my colleague [Mr. Ross] to whom he now
refers"?
Mr. ROSS. I was making some remarks
about military gentlemen.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Whatgen-
tleman does he accuse of having violated the
law?
Mr. ROSS, I do not accuse any gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman's speech made that assertion.
Mr. ROSS. I made no accusation against
any gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman spoke, as I understood, of some mem-
ber of Congress who had drawn pay for two
offices.
Mr. ROSS. I say that if a man can rotate
from the position of brigadier general into
Congress and again from Congress into the
position of brigadier general, it is likely to
make him very "loyal;" and if he can draw
pay part of the time for services in both capa-
cities it will make him exceedingly "loyal;"
and his "loyalty" will be of the most ardent
character if he can have a part of his relatives
in the Army wearing shoulder-straps, and the
: balance of them in foreign missions or making
large profits as contractors under the Govern-
; ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to know whether my colleague applies that
remark to any military man from the State of
Illinois?
Mr. ROSS. I have applied it in just the
manner in which I have stated.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then the
gentleman makes a charge and refuses to back
it up.
Mr. ROSS. I have made no charge. I say
that such things as I have mentioned have a
tendency to make any one " loyal." If I had
all my relatives either in foreign missions or
wearing shoulder-straps, drawing large pay
from the Government of the United States, it
would enhance and vivify my " loyalty" very
greatly. I do not expect it to have that effect
on my colleague here, [Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois,] because he is one of those cold-
hearted men whose patriotism could not be
warmed up in the least by any such thing.
But there are a great many men who are sus-
ceptible to such influences; and when they can
have their brothers and their friends holding
foreign missions or wearing shoulder-straps
in the Army, hunting cotton and trading in the
South, it has a very peculiar effect upon their
patriotism. I know that such influences have
no effect upon ray colleague. There are gen-
tlemen who rise entirely above any such con-
siderations. Some of them may perhaps act
'as groomsmen for expectant military candi-
dates. [Laughter.] I do not know whether
that is so or not. If they do, let them perform
their duty well. Some of them may attempt
to bring into the field presidential candidates
who are the bond-holders' candidates, brought
out in the city of New York by the bond-hold-
ers ; but, sir, these men will have a good time
of it when they attempt to overcome the popu-
lar will, when they undertake to stem the tide
of public sentiment in this country.
I am aware, Mr. Speaker, that we are to
have a terrible conflict—a conflict between the
combined powers of despotism, the purse, and
the sword on one side, and on the other side
the great masses of the American people—the
laboring men of the country. The question is
to be decided whether the bond-holders shall
control this country through the aid of the
bayonet. Let the gentleman bring out his
presidential candidate. Let him place that can-
didate, if he pleases, upon the platform pro-
posed by the bond-holders of New York. Let
him desert, as he did the other day, all his col-
leagues in this House upon the question of the
contractual of the currency. Mr. Speaker, f
submit to the House whether the fact that the
gentleman's candidate was first putin nomina-
tion by the bond-holders of New York—the fact
that he, representing that candidate, is trying
to bring us back prematurely to specie pay-
ments, and to coerce from the people their
hard-earned money to pay in coin our large
national debt—is not evidence of the policy of
the gentleman's candidate. Couple this with
the policy of the sword, subjecting to military
power ten sovereign States of the South, con-
trolling their ballots by force, and h<5re you
have the issue which is to be fairly made before
the people of this country.
I am not as sanguine as some gentlemen are
about the perpetuity of free government. Still,
sir, I propose to be found battling on that side.
I know the power of concentrated wealth. My
colleague the other day took me to task for
being in favor of paying the national bonds in
the currency of the country. He said that I
was proposing to "water the currency.'' Why,
sir, who "watered" this currency first? Who
poured the water in upon this currency until
his friends had invested it in Government
bonds, and then, as soon as lliey had got their
greenbacks, worth forty or fifty cents on the
dollar, invested in Government bonds, pro-
posed to put on the brakes and to get back to
a hard-money currency—to make the taxpay-
ers of the country pay the fidl penalty of the
bond, even if it takes their flesh and blood?
Those, Mr. Speaker, are the issues which are
to be made in the coming canvass.
Gentlemen may diseoss it as they please, but,
sir, if wo are true to ourselves, if we are true
to the great principles of self-government left
by our fathers, the people will come to the
rescue of this endangered and imperiled coun-
try, as in days that are passed. I feel hopeful
that such will be the case.
I agreed to give the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Puuyn] a part of my time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want the
floor.
Mr. ROSS. For how long?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.. A few
minutes.
Mr. ROSS. I have sixteen minutes left,
and I give my colleague half of that time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
believe that I want half of the gentleman's
time. I do not propose to reply to the harangue
he has made here. I only interrupted him
because he made an extraordinary imputation
against a gallant soldier from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth.] I desired my colleague to
state whom he meant to insult, but instead of
coming out boldly like a man and saying whom
he made the charge against 
Mr. ROSS. I desire to say that I disclaimed
at the time, and do now, making a charge against
any of my colleagues.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I know
very well the value of the gentleman's dis-
claimer. I know the imputation he meant to
cast upon that gallant soldier who is absent,
for if he had been here he would never have
dared to cast such an imputation upon him.
I leave the gentlemen to settle it among them-
selves.
Then, sir, by indirection he intended to cast
an imputation upon me. I desire to state to
the gentleman that I have not been engaged \n
the performances to which he alludes. No,
sir; lam not like some of his friends taking
contracts and making money out of the Gov-
