i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3011
Mr. STEWART. I say, as I understand
the matter, we undertook to reorganize these
State governments because- they had been
destroyed by rebels, and because we assumed
the right to reorganize them, not because the
States had gone out of the Union. We have
not been discussing the technical question
whether the States were out or in. We found
them disorganized; and now it becomes neces-
sary to determine what is meant by reorgan-
izing a State that has been destroyed. The
State organization has been destroyed; but the
people are there; the territory is there; sev-
eral elements of a State are there; but organ-
ization is wanting. We undertook to do it on
a loyal basis. It requires several steps to
accomplish that. It seems to me that that
organization wilt not be complete, although
you may say it is a State at this time, until
you have installed all the State officers neces-
sary to carry on the organization. If that be
true, and it is necessary to prevent A or B,
because he is a public enemy, from partici-
pating in that organization preliminarily until
wc get the State organized, I do not see why
we have not the same right to do th^t that we
had to do any of the other acts that we have
performed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me ask my friend a
question.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. All that is perfectly true,
or part of it at least; but I will ask my friend
whether lie thinks that anything less than a
State in the Union can effectually adopt the
fourteenth article of amendment to the Con-
stitution? Must it not be a State to agree to
the fourteenth article?
Mr. STEWART. It must be a State either
at the time, or to become one on doing some-
thing afterward. I suppose we can accept
their action on the principle on which we accept
Senators elected from communities organized
as States and subsequently admitted. Nothing
but a State would have the right to elect Sen-
ators; but still, before they are admitted into
the Union, before they can perform the func-
tions of a State, we have accepted Senators
from them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That being so, will my
friend permit me to call his attention to what
this section declares, just as the committee and
majority are determined it shall be. "The
first section of this act," which my friend
knows provides for the complete rehabilitation
of these States
"The first scction of this act shall take effect as to
each State"—
I leave out Georgia now—
" when such State shall by its Legislature duly ratify
article fourteen of the amendments to the Constitu-
tion."
Mr. STEWART. I do not know that the
first section provides for their complete reha-
bilitation. it provides that they shall be enti-
tled to representation in Congress, and entitled
to be rehabilitated.
Mr. MORTON. It was drawn with a view
to have a government that could call the Legis-
lature together.
Mr. STEWART. We have undertaken to
reorganize the State, because it was destroyed
and its officers dispersed; but I do not think
it has complete rehabilitation until we put in
all of these officers. I do not think the work
we have undertaken is done until that time.
I think that is the criterion. The only reason
■why we have any right to do anything on this
subject was because there were no loyal officers,
no loyal organizations to carry on these gov-
ernments, and until that organization is_ com-
pleted, if we had any right to touch it, in the
preliminary steps, we have the right to com-
plete it. There is no doubt about that.
I wish to make one remark to the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Hfxdiucks.] He said
that the majority here would be ashamed of
the business of relieving those people from
their disabilities, lie said he would hate to
be one of the majority and take the responsi-
bility, because we will relieve Republicans,
because we will relieve Union men, and (hat
will "be partisan, and we shall be ashamed of
it. Now, I want to toll the Senator from
Indiana that I am proud to remove the dis-
abilities of Union men, loyal men who will
cease their opposition to the Government.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will
allow me, I did not say that. I was not talking
about Union men. They do not need to be
relieved. Aman who stood bythe Government
during the war needs no relief. He stands in a
more proud position than any of us psrhaps,
having resisted more. But the man whose
hands are dripping with blood, whose skirts
are stained all over with the blood of the sons
of the North, and who now for political pur-
poses comes in and joins a political party, is
the man you propose to relieve—not one who
is free from blood, but admitting the blood,
admitting his rebellion, admitting his treason,
you relieve him' because he has joined your
political party!
Mr. STEWART. I thank the Senator for
the correction he has made. We do relieve
them when they repent. We do hold to the
possibility of repentance. We do say that
when they will cease to war upon the Govern-
ment, when they will come out as Longstreet
and others in the South have done, and stand
by the Union cause, and accept the verdict of
the war, they ought to be relieved. But we say
to those who join the Ku-Klux-Klan and com-
mit assassinations, and defy the Government,
and wait for a reaction, that they may dictate
terms to loyalty and trample it in the dust,
"You are still enemies of this Government."
We say to those who are willing to accept the
situation and acknowledge the verdict of the
war, " We will relieve you." I think that is
generous. I think that is enough. I think
there is a distinction between the members of
the Democratic party or the Ku-Klux organ-
ization and gentlemen who accept the situation.
I would make a discrimination between them.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the honorable
Senator allow me to ask him in what category
he places that very distinguished member of
the late Chicago convention, Governor Brown,
of Georgia, who seized upon Fort Pulaski even
before Georgia seceded? Is he now one of
those '' loyal'' men who are to build up a great
"loyal" community in Georgia?*-1 presume
he is perfectly "loyal."
Mr. STEWART. Governor Brown says that
he accepts the situation, that he will support
the flag of his country. He regards the course
he has now taken as supporting this Govern-
ment. He regards those whom he has left
behind, those who are on the other side, as
being engaged in the same cause in which they
were heretofore engaged. He has come over
to our side, the side of the Government. I
think we have a right to be sufficiently partial
to men who are in favor of this Government to
make a distinction between the friends of the
Government and the enemies of the Govern-
ment ; and if the friends of the Government
happen to be friends of the Republican party
I do not think there is much harm done. I
believe that is generally true that the friends
of the Government have been the friends
of the Republican party, and I believe the
Republican party comprised about all the
friends the Government had during the war.
On the other side we find all those who
opposed the Government. Wefindthe enemies
of the Government against the Republican
party. So I do not think there is any particu-
lar party question in this. If to be a party man
is to be for the Government, if to be a Repub-
lican is to be in favor of the Government and
in favor of law, then I think we may be charged
as partisans for relieving from disabilities those
who will favor the Government. If to be a
Democrat is to belong to that party who say
hey will never submit to the authority of this
Government, that they will dictate their own
terms, although they are conquered, if they are
the Democrats that we are called upon to
relieve, then we will take the party responsi-
bility of refusing to do it. '
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
from Nevada allow me to make a single sug-
gestion to him?
Mr. STEWART. I am through.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wanted to ask the
Senator from Nevada a question.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state that if the hon-
orable Senator from Nevada, or any other Sen-
ator here, intends to allow the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana to be poking him into a
speech every five minutes in this debate, we
shall not get rid of this bill in the next week.
There is a most admirable faculty in the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana of sticking pins
into his political opponents and prolonging
debate to an indefinite extent. I very respect-
fully suggest that while it is perfectly proper
that we should be stuck with pins by the Sen-
ator from Indiana as to points that are perti-
nent to the debate, pertinent to the pending bill,
it is not worth while that we should suffer our-
selves to be ran off upon points that do not
belong to this bill. The question about reliev-
ing from disabilities belongs to other bills that
are pending in the Senate now; and when the
time comes to consider them, the honorable
Senator from Indiana will probably find full
use for all his pins, big and little. [Laughter.]
Now, I wish to reply, on a single point, to a
suggestion which the Senator from Indiana
made. [Laughter.] I arg very glad, indeed,
that gentlemen find amusement in it.
Mr. NYE. _ I call the Senator to order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What is
the point of order?
Mr. NYE. The Senator from Missouri
choked ray colleague down for the purpose of
getting the floor himself to make a long speech,
which my colleague could have made, and I
insist upon it that that is not fair. [Laughter.]
The only difference, it seems to, between my
colleague and the Senator from Indiana is this:
my colleague thinks that the rebels need repent-
ance and forgiveness ; but the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana does not think they need
any ; he thinks they have been right all the
time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think the
Senator from Nevada ought to take the floor
from the Senator from Missouri to make a
speech himself. [Laughter.]
* Mr. NYE. I am through.
Mr. DRAKE. The only point on which I
undertook to make a suggestion to the honor-
able Senator from Nevada who preceded me,
[Mr. Stewart,] was that he should not allow
the Senator from Indiana to provoke him into
a speech upon other questions than those now
before the Senate. There is a point made by
the Senator from Indiana which has been dis-
cussed by others, and there is one remark to
be made about it; and that is, that with regard
to the installation of these officers in a rebel
State, we are bound to see that the men who
have been elected to office there under elec-
tions held by the authority of acts of Congress,
and not under elections held by the authority
of the States, shall be the right kind of men.
Whatever may be the position taken bythe
Senator from Indiana as to the right of a State
to admit whom it will to office under future
elections, there is an undoubted and undeniable
responsibility resting upon us to see that no
rebels go into office there by virtue of the
elections held under our authority; and that
seems to me to be an all-sufficient answer to
the point made by the Senator from Indiana
about the admission of these men.
Mr. SAULSBURY". That was a very unkind
remark the Senator from Missouri made just
as he sat down, that it was the duty of Congress
to see that no rebels went into office in the
State of Georgia. Why, Mr. President, he is
stabbing the friends of his own household.
What did we witness at Chicago ? Delegations
from those States, and their spokesman, Gov-
ernor Brown, stating upon the floor of the con-
vention that those delegations were mostly
composed of original secessionists, ihe Sen-
ator's friends admitted those men into thepr
national convention to help them nominate
