1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1987T
per cent, or more in the receipts from the tax,
this business is to be continued to be depressed
when others are relieved, and when what is
asked for it here is less than has been granted
to other businesses,, and those which are taxed
only lightly, comparatively, while this is taxed
very heavily.
I said the other day. and I wish to call the
attention of Senators particularly to that fact,
that the export of this oil is diminishing. Gen-
tlemen, of course, are in favor of paying the
debts of ,this country abroad, if they can, in
the products of this country. That is the great
cry. We hear it 011 all occasions, and very
properly, in favor of other articles ; but in
regard to this article, which has grown up to
the bulk, I think, in our exports of $10,000,000
in a few years, when it is taking the place of
many other articles that used to be exported
or answering the same purpose, when we have
relieved other interests from taxes, gentlemen
are'not willing to relieve this one even from a
portion of the tax.
Sir, it sounds strange to me to hear gen-
tlemen who have been advocating protection
principles all their lives, who have been advo-
cating the building up of the manufactures of
this country all their lives, join in opposition
to so valuable a manufacture as this. I have
been reminded a great deal of what occurred
between Mr. Randolph, when in Congress, and
a Louisiana member. The Louisiana member
had made a strong anti-tariff speech until he
came to sugar, and then he was altogether a
tariff man ; and Mr. Randolph rose in his place
and told him he had made a suicidal argument.
It appears to me that if gentlemen who are so
earnest for the protection of manufactures of a
certain kind are not willing to extend that
protection to manufactures of another kind
they are in the same category with Mr. Ran-
dolph's opponent.
I call upon the Senate, then, as an act of
simple justice, to relieve from this at least
ungenerous tax the commodity in behalf of
which I am now speaking. T call upon them,
also, to do so in consideration of the fact that
this is a valuable export article. The fact is
that now the crude article is gaining rapidly
upon the refined or manufactured article ; that
is to say, the percentage of increase is greater
of the crude than of the refined exported, and,
indeed, I believe the latter has somewhat fallen
off. Although I know that I do not present
things here as they should be presented, gen-
tlemen may find, in the mere facts which I
have stated and for which I vouch, as far as I
can vouch for such things, reasons enough, I
think, for allowing this provision to remain in
the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have but a word-further
to say. I do not see how anybody, after vot-
ing to remove the small tax on refined sugar,
can refuse to vote to repeal the large tax on
refined petroleum. The tax on refined sugar
was two per cent., about one quarter of a cent
a pound. That business is all carried on in
the cities of New York, Boston, Philadelphia,
and Baltimore. It was an insignificant tax
of a quarter of a cent a pound, but it yielded
us the handsome sum of $2,000,000. The tax
on petroleum, on light, is about sixty per cent.,
which yields us some four million dollars. On
the ground of the necessity of the revenue I
have voted for taxing petroleum, and I intend
t.o be consistent and shall continue to do so;
but I do not see how Senators who think a tax
of a quarter of a cent a pound on refined sugar
is so oppressive and burdensome, so terrible a
tax, can refuse my-friend from West Virginia
when he asks us to repeal the tax on light.
The whole of that tax is, I believe, paid in the
city of Cleveland, the city of Pittsburg, and the
city of Wheeling.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. There is so much of
the refining done in the gentleman's own State
that it pays one third more of this tax than the
State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is pretty much all
done at Cleveland and Pittsburg, I believe,
with very few exceptions.
Mr. FOWLER. And at Nashville.
Mr. SHERMAN. About one half the tax
is paid in my own State; but I have* steadily
voted to retain the tax on petroleum, although
my people, according to the argument of my
friend from New York, [Mr. Coxklisg,] pay
one half of the tax on petroleum, I have no
doubt that the people who pay the tax at
Cleveland get it back again; but they are just
as clamorous for the repeal of the tax on
petroleum as others are for the repeal of the
tax on other articles, and they show buildings
lost, they show their property sacrificed, the
profits they hoped to get out of the business all
gone, the stock which at one time was worth
$400 or $500 now worth ten or fifteen dollars,
that there is a greater depression in this inter-
est than in any other. I have no doubt that
the depression in this interest is caused by the
same reason that causes the depression in re-
fining sugar, that is, opposition among them-
selves and the erection of too many refineries.
The character of the tax is precisely the same.
But the House of Representatives retained
the tax on petroleum. I think myself we are
repealing taxes very liberally. This is one of
those taxes that might be retained, but it is
not near so strong a case as the tax on refined
sugar. That tax falls on a few places; it falls
mainly upon the wealthy; it is-a very small
rate of tax upon an article of necessity like
sugar; while this is a very high rate of tax
upon an article, of prime necessity as a light,
the gas consumed by the poor people all over
the country. However, 1 shall still vote to
retain this tax, although I must confess that
the vote of the Senate rather staggers me and
rather induces me to let the whole of this tax
on petroleum go.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very much in the
habit of following the Committee 011 Finance
in these matters when I can understand what
they desire me to do. But, really, after the
last speech of the honorable chairman of that
committee, 1 do not know how he wants me to
vote, although 1 know how he will vote himself.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the honor-
able Senator that the committee—not unani-
mously ; I think there were two exceptions—
voted to retain the tax 011 petroleum, and wc
are of that opinion yet; but we were of the
same opinion in regard to the tax on refined
sugar by the same vote.
Sir. FESSENDEN. My remark was that I
knew how the Senator was going to vote and
how the members of the committee would vote,
generally speaking; but I wished to know how
he wanted me to vote, because his speech was
one way and he announced his vote another ;
and, as I make a point of following the wishes
of the committee, Iwautedto know what those
wishes are, what they desire me to do, if I can
find out. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, things change with changing time,
of course, and the view we take of them. I
cannot help casting my mind back to a former
day, when we were eailed upon loudly by the
newspapers of the country and by public
opinion generally to tax. The cry then was,
11 Tax the the people ; the people are ready to
he taxed to sustain the war ; tax them to raise
the credit of the Government, and make us
stand well, not only at home, but among the
nations of the earth; raise the credit of the
people by showing that you are ready, all of
you, to sustain your share of the public bur-
dens." It was a new thing for us to levy what
is called an internal tax. But we went to
work, inexperienced as we were, to see if we
could devise a mode by which we could raise
something more from the people—and they
bore it well—-in order to sustain the burdens
of the Government. We devised an internal
revenue bill ; full of defects unquestionably,
because it was a new thing. One would have
thought at that day, to read some of the lead-
ing newspapers of the country, that it was a
very simple thing, and did not require move
than about twenty-four hours for anybody to
sit down, especially if he was the editor of a,
newspaper, and frame a tax bill that would be
exactly the thing; but it took us some months
of hard labor to devise a system. Wc at last
did devise one, which, as I said, of course, was
full of defects, that laid taxes largely upon a
great many articles; and we raised revenue,
and from year to year we tried to meet the de-
fects in our bills, and see if we could not
make them more operative and stronger than
they were, producing the effect that we de-
sired without being attended with much of the
injury that was necessarily connected with
them.
The honorable Senator from West Virginia
says that we were always in advance of the ex-
penditures of the Government. Not exactly ;
for we had to borrow a vast deal of money,
some hundreds of millions every year, in order
to carry on the war. Perhaps, however, he
meant to apply the remark which he made to
the time since the close of the war, and to say
that the revenues have been in advance of the
expenditures during that time. He nods as-
sent. That, I suppose, is the fair inference
from what he said.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I derived that inform-
ation from the fact that $300,000,000 have
been paid on the public debt, which money, I
presume, came from taxation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; and the Sec-
retary of the Tieasury has been attacked here
more than once for paying so much of the pub-
lic debt. He did not make the internal reve-
nue tax.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. If the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him again, certainly I made
no attack on the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know the Senator
did not.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I was speaking of
the immense estimates that had been made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know : but the Sen-
ator said that was the system. We have been
raising more revenue than we wanted, and we
have paid so much of the debt, and more than
once I have heard the Secretary of the Treas-
ury blamed for it. Why did he pay so much
of the public debt? Because we had a surplus
revenue. What else should he have done with
it but pay so much of the public debt? He
did not make the tariff bill; he did not make
the internal tax bill. We made them here,
and if, when we came to a time of peace, they
produced more than was necessary for the
yearly expenditures, what was to be done with
the surplus? Was anything else to be done
with it the first year (and it all came the first
year after peace, if I recollect aright) than to
apply that surplus to the payment of the pub-
lic debt as far as it would go? Whose fault
was that? Nobody's. We did all we could
to get alt we could reasonably from the people
toward sustaining the Government and paying
our bills. It so happened that we got more,
very considerably, than was enough to meet
the expenditures of the Government when the
burdens of the war were taken from us.
Well, sir, the time came—God be praised—
that the burdens of the war were removed ;
and what have we been doing since? Trying
to reduce taxation. The moment it appeared
that we had a surplus more than was necessary
to meet the public expenditures we began to
remodel our internal revenue bill in order to
see how much we could relieve the people
from ; and we have been doing it from year to
year; and yet we hear these constant com-
plaints, "take off' taxes; take off taxes." Sir,
how far will you go in taking off taxes? I
know that it is a very popular tiling, and [
know that the people are groaning under their
burdens; but, after all, you must ask yourself
the question whether you have not got to carry
on the Government yet. We have got through
the war; but can you dispense witli your Gov-
ernment?
To hear gentlemen talk about this matter it
would seem as if now that we were through the
war, all we had to do was to throw everything
ij off; to consider only how we can do something
11 that may be popular at home; how we cau
