1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4035
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; it ia not
understood to apply to that. That is en-
graving.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. Then I have 110 objec-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will say* in
regard to the exception that we have the lan-
guage of it from the Department itself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to ask ray
colleague whether the matter of paying the
patent fund into the Treasury was a matter
discussed in either House, or whether it is put
on by the committee of conference?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is'pat on by
the committee of conference. The subject was
introduced into the bill and was before us, grow-
ing out of an appropriation to rent a building
to accommodate a portion of the clerks of the
Patent Office ; and the committee on the part
of the House insisted upon some provision of
this kind.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How is it in regard to
tile printing?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This printing
was not the subject of any action in either
House that I know of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It originated with the
committee of conference.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; but it
was involved in the appropriation bill in this
way: we appropriated §1,500,000 to execute
the loan laws; heretofore the appropriation
has been more; and the Senate and House
disagreed on that appropriation; the House
insisting that it was very much larger than was
necessary; they agreeing to appropriate, I
think, $450,000 only. The House seemed to
think that a good deal of the expenditures of
that office might be transferred economically
to the Government Printing Office, and they
insisted upon cutting down the appropriation
$250,000.and believed that by transferring the
work to the Government Printing Office it could
bo done at lower rates, and all that portion
of the expenses involved in the printing and
bi nd ing for the several Departments and bureaus
saved.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thereisnoprintingdone
there except blanks used in the Treasury
Department, and no binding at all, I think.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Our information
on that subject was derived from the head of
the Printing Bureau, Mr. Clark. We under-
stood that there was a pretty extensive busi-
ness of printing and binding for the several
t bureaus and Departments, not always of a pri-
vate and confidential character, but of various
descriptions, which might as well be done at
the proper place.
Mr. LESSENDEN. I do not know what
may have grown up there within the last three
or four years. I merely made these inquiries
to get information. I disapprove entirely of
general legislation or legislation of any kind
by committees of conference which has not
been presented to the two Houses for consid-
eration and discussion. It is very apt to lead
to difficulties, and I think is wrong in prin-
ciple.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want to take
this occasion to say that no man can be more
averse to it than I am myself. I have attempted
on all occasions to resist it as far as practica-
ble; I think the principle is pernicious; but
the Senate will bear me witness that while I
have attempted to resist it on these bills the
Senate has invariably held that it was the right
of the Senate to attach such measures to the
bills.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am speaking of legis-
lation by a committee of conference outside
nf the Senate. The Senate can put on any-
thing it pleases after discussion, and it goes to
the House, and is there discussed; but if it is
a matter of legislation which is adopted by a
conference committee it is settling a question
that has not been considered in either branch
as it ought to be, and it results in this ; that a ■
committee of conference may legislate on mat-
ters which have not been before the two Houses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It was for that
reason that I felt it my duty to explain dis-
tinctly to the Senate what there was in this
report which was matter of legislation, and to
bring it to the attention of the Senate, that they
might see how far it was legislation and how
far it was germane to the bill.
The report was concurred in.
improvement of mississippi river.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 554) making a grant
of land to the State of Minnesota to aid in the im-
provement of the navigation of the Mississippi river
having met, after fail and free conference have agreed
to recommend, and do recommend to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the amcndmo.it of the Senate, and agree to the same.
ALEXANDER RAMSEY,
T. A. HENDRICKS,
S. C. POMEROY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
I. DONNELLY,
W.MUNGEN,
Managers on lite part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
the funding bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
207) for funding the national debt and for the
conversion of the notes of the United States,
the pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Wilson to the amendment proposed
by Mr. Sherman from the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I am glad
to see the Democratic party again on the
aggressive. I am glad that their leader in the
Senate has recovered so that he can assume
the aggressive. It is gratifying to all his friends
that he is able to come forth and put on his
armor, and has got again into the war-path.
He says that the American people are going to
ask some questions; that they are going to ask
why we have been compelled to expend so
much money, why we have done this and that;
but he intimates that they will confine their
inquiries to what has been done since the sur-
render of Lee, and he says that he does not
propose to go back further than that time. Let
me tell the Senator from Indiana that there are
some other questions the American people will
ask. They will ask why the Democratic con-
vention indorsed Andrew Johnson's adminis-
tration, and why they now denounce it as cor-
rupt. Wo have never denied it. They will
ask why it is that the Democratic party plunged
this country in civil war, and involved it in a
debt o'f $2,-500,000,000. They will ask why
that party sought to overthrow the Govern-
ment. They will ask why it was that not only
the presentdebt, buta vast amount of taxation,
running into the thousands of millions, almost
beyond computation, has been expended to put
down the Democratic rebellion. Especially
will they ask why it is that the Democratic
party has put forward as its leading standard-
bearer Horatio Seymour, the leading copper-
head of the North, who aided the rebellion
more than any other. What does that signify?
Why did they abandon Hendricks of Indiana?
Why did they abandon the Chief Justice of the
United States, the head of the great court j
which is so much respected? Why did they |
abandon Hancock? Why did they throw ail
these men overboard ? It was to get a repre-
sentative man who would be acceptable to the
rebel wing of their party. They have a repre-
sentative man. I cannot let this occasion pass
without alluding to the significance of this
nomination, and the reason why Mr. Seymour
was selected.
Mr. President, Mr. Seymour was a peace
Democrat, was an associate and friend of Pen-
dleton, Vallandigham, and of those who op-
posed the war. Why is it that the Democrats
have nominated for President the man of bad
eminence, who was Governor of New York in
the most critical hour of the rebellion, when
everything was trembling in the balance ? Why
have they taken the man who, when the South
was red with loyal blood, when the hearts of
all men beat with anxiety, went to the Acad-
emy of Music in New York, on the 4th of July,
1863, in company with Pendleton and others,
there and then to advocate resistance to the
draft, there and then to proclaim to the ex-
cited people of New York city, that a mob
had an equal right to proclaim the law of ne-
cessity with a Government? Why did they take
the men who, on the 4th of July, 18(53, told
the American people that the war was a fail-
ure, and that the only way to preserve their
liberty was to resist law ? Why did they take
the man who, on that occasion sneered at
every effort of this Government to maintain
its own existence? Why, above all things, did
they pass over every patriotic name and take
up the representative of the cold-blooded,
treasonable peace Democracy ? I will tell you
the reason. If anybody doubts his record I
have before me a small portion of it, and I
can produce more. One or two extracts are
enough. He commenced his speech on the 4th
of July, 1863, thus :
"Vfhen I accepted the invitation to speak, with*
others at this meeting, wo were promised the down-
fall of Vicksburg, the opening of the Mississippi, the
probable capture ol the confederate capital, and the
exhaustion of "the rebellion. By common consent,
all parties had fixed upon this day when the results
of the campaign should be known, to mark out that
line of policy which they felt that our country should
pursue. But in the moment of expected victory,
there came the midnight cry for help from Pennsyl-
vania to save its despoiled fields from the invading
foe; and, almost within sight ot this great commer-
cial metropolis the ships of your merchants were
burned to the water's edge."
That was the way he talked. Why is it that
they put him at the head of their ticket, a man
who used such language on the day when the
invincible Grant took Vicksburg ? Why is he
selected? I call the special attention of ihe
loyal Senator from Indiana,whose virtues that
convention could not appreciate, to the follow-
ing beautiful sentences of his successful rival:
"Are you not exposing yourselves, your own in-
terests, to as great a penl as that with which you
threaten us. Remember this?"
He was discussing the draft and advising
them in this very speech to defend their hearths,
declaring the draft unconstitutional, declaring
that the Government of the United States had
no right to enforce it. He said :
" Remember this, that the bloody, and treasonable,
and revolutionary doctrine of public necessity can
be proclaimed by a mob as well a3 by a Government."
That is the language of your presidential
nominee.
Mr. HOWARD. Read it again.
Mr. STEWART. "Remember this, that
the bloody, and treasonable, and revolutionary
doetrine of public necessity can be proclaimed
by a mob as well as by a Government."
And within eight days from that time the
most disgraceful mob that mars the good name
of our nation was raging in the very metropolis
of the State of which he was Governor, vindi-
cating his words, taking the ground that they
had as good a right to proclaim the law of
necessity by which they might take life and
destroy property as the Government of the
United States. He was the representative of
the idea of mob violence. Every line of that
speech contains a suggestion to disobey the
law. The mob came and yon say he helped to
put it down. I say he ought not to have advised
his friends to enter into it.
Bat [ will proceed a little further. I have
another one of Governor Seymour's speeches
which he made to the mob. It was alter this
mob had raged some days, after he had got a
little news from Vicksburg, and a little news
from Gettvsburg, and he was not quite so brave
as he was on the 4th of Ji'Iy. Then he makes
a speech, and he calls them "my friends.1.
This inob had burned down orphan asylums,
had gibbeted men in the streets, and had
destroyed §2,000,000 of property, which the
city of New York has since refunded. He
calls this mob of blood and violence "my
friends," and he says to them :
"I have coma down here from the quiet of the
country to see what was the difficulty; to learn what
all this trouble %vas concerning the draft."
