4036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
He had been there' on the 4th; he had told
tiem about the draft; he had made a speech,
and so had Pendleton and Seymour of Con-
necticut and 0'Gorman, and they had agreed,
one and all, that the mob had the right to take ;
this matter into their hauds. Then he returned i
to the country, and comes doivu after they hud
been killing and murdering for several days,
and he says:
"My friends: I hare come down here from the
quiet of the country to see what was tho difficulty;
to learn what all this trouble was concerning the
draft. Lot mo assure you that X am your friend.
[Uproarious cheering.] You have been my friends,
[ones ot' ' Yes,' 'Yes,' 'That's so;' ' Wc aro and wilt
bo again ;'J and now I assure you, my folio w-citixens,
that X am here to show you a test of my friendship.
[Cheers.] I wish to inform you that I have sent my
adjutant general to Washington to confer with tho
authorities there, and to havo this draft suspended
and stopped. [Vociferous cheers.] X now ask you,
as good citizens, to wait for his return ; and I assure
you that 1 wilt do all that I can to seo that tbero is
no inequality, and no wrong dono any one. i wi-h
you te take good care of all property as good citi-
zens, and seo that every person is safe. The sale-
keeping of property and persons rests with you; and
I charge you to disturb neither. It is your duty to
maint:n n tho ^ood order of the city; and X know you
will do it. X wish you now to separate as good citi-
zens, and you can assemble againwliencver you wish
to do so. X ask you to leavo all to me now, and I
will seo to yonr rights. Wait until my adjutant
returns from Washington, and you shall bo satisfied.
Xjisten to me, and see that no harm is dono to either
persons or pioperty, but retire peaccably."
The meeting at the Academy of Music was
brought together for the purpose of inflaming
the people against the draft, and the Governor
of the State, who held the reins of power to
enforce the law, was there, telling them that
they had as much right to do that as the Gov-
ernment had to enforce the draft, and after
they had done their bloody work he tells them,
" Wait a little while ; if we have not scared
the Government enough yet so that they will
yield and surrender to us, you may reassem-
ble.''
Why is it that this man was nominated? Is
there not some purpose to be carried out?
There is a little piece of evidence that explains
that. There is a war to be prosecuted, i hold
in my hand the letter of his colleague on the
ticket, Mr. Frank Blair. Mr. Frank Blair, it
is true, was once a Republican ; but in order
to secure a nomination at New York he sent
to that convention a manifesto which the Sen-
ator cannot approve, from which he recoils
■with horror; which, excuse it as lie must, he
cannot but condemn; and he says that upon
that ietter he wants the nomination. In that
letter he declares that seven States shall be
expelled from this Union by force of arms if
his friends are successful. lie declares for
war, and declares that they have a right to
expel States.
Mr. McCREHRY. Will the Senator read
any portion of Mr. Blair's letter that declares
for war.
Air. STEWART. The whole of it.
Mr. ilcCREBRY. Just read that part.
Mr. STEWART. The whole of it is for
■war.
Mr. MeCREERY. Just read one sentence.
Mr. STEWART. The letter says this: that
it is idle to talk of legislation to accomplish
the purpose ; it cannot be passed through the
Senate, and therefore the President must
upset these governments, treat them as nulli-
ties, and call upon the military commanders
to undo the work that has been done there,
overturn them all. Why was he selected ?
What, do they propose? They propose war.
The American people want to know why it is,
alter four years of bloody war, after such vast
expenditures of blood and treasure, after years
ol' effort to restore the country, when we are
returning to our habits of industry and econ-
omy and peace, Horatio Seymour, an advo-
cate of mob violence, Horatio Seymour, who
proclaimed the war a failure, Iioratio Sey-
mour, who denied the right of this nation to
maintain its own existence, is placed as a can-
didate by the Democracy at the head of the
ticket. They will want to know why Vallan-
jjigham placed him there. They will want to
know why Vallandigliam took him by the neck
and said, " No, you shall not resigp." They
will want to know why Forrest, of Fort Pil-
low notoriety, eulogized him. They will want
to know why he is the special friend of Wade
Hampton. They will want to kuow why these
gallant chieftains of the rebellion biushed the
loyal Democrats, like so many flies, behind
them, and took this chieftain of the peace
Democracy, odious in the nostrils of the peo-
ple, held him up, and shook him over that
convention amid the cries of the bewildered
and befooled western delegates.
These are some of tho questions the people
will desire to have answered. They will .want
to know why the delegates from the West and
from the East cougregated in that modern city
of iniquity allowed themselves to be hood-
winked aud allowed him to be placed in that
position. I tell you, Mr. President, the object
of putting him there, the embodiment of the
peace Democracy, the embodiment of opposi-
tion to the war, the embodiment of the slave-
ruling idea, the embodiment of everything that
is anti-American, anti-progressive, and anti-
Democratic, is to endeavor to reverse by the
verdict of the people the verdict of the war.
They put him there to do honor to the lost
cause. They put him there to condemn the
efforts of the loyal people of this nation to
maintain this Government. They put him
there knowing that his election above that of
any other man would be a condemnation of
the war, would be a repudiation of everything
loyal, just, and noble. They put him there to
insult the memory of those of our noble heroes
sacrificed by his neglect. They put him there
because they believed that with lam they could
most effectually humiliate Grant. They put
liiui there because they had grown brave and
rash. They put him there because they were
on the aggressive and had determined to make
loyalty odious. They put him there because
they intended to make every Union, liberty-
loving man in the country bow down in the
dust. They put him there in a lit of over-
conlidence, to please their southern friends,
to revive the rebellion, to reverse the order of
thingg.
But now tho amazement and the chagrin
that are felt show that they mistook the tem-
per of the people. They torgot that the evil
he had done was still remembered. They
might have taken Hendricks or Hancock or
somebody who was not identified with riot and
bloodshed and treason to the Government.
They see that they have made a great mistake.
It was the over-confidence of the rebels in the
beginning that they could overthrow the Gov-
ernment which made them light the torch of
civil war. It was their over-confidence that
led to their destruction. It is the over-conli-
denee of these schemers for a new rebellion
that has opened the eyes of the people; and I
tell you when the contest is ended the record
of those who stood by the country during the
war will be vindicated. The people will main-
tain those who stood for the Government
through the sorrows, losses, dangers, and pri-
vations of the war. They are not willing to
reverse its verdict. They are not willing to
humiliate loyalty. They are not willing to
renew the war for the sake of reestablishing
peonage or slavery in the South. Why should
not people desire pcaee and security and
Union? Why should they wish to put Vallan-
digliam, Hampton, Vance, aud Forrest in
power? What have these worthies done to
merit office? They will not stop to talk about
little quibbles in regard to the consistency of
the Republican party or little irregularities in
carrying on the war. They know that our
financial troubles since the war grew out of
the corruption of Johnson's Democratic admin-
istration. They are not willing to reverse the
verdict of arms, to rerivet the chains of the
slave, and to make this a white man's Govern-
ment for the benefit of a few arch-traitors.
Those who raise this cry do not propose to
make it a white man's Government for the
sake of the white man, but for the sake of
treason. Why should this be made a white
man's Government for the sake of treason?
Itwill not be awhite man's Government when
you have done ; it will be a rebel Government,
in which the poor, white and black, will be
trampled into the dust, as fhey ever have been.
Wily tear down governments based upon equal
rights where all are protected? Why tear
down governments which are an honor to tho
American name? The American people will
pause long before they enter upon this work.
The verdict is already recorded. My friend
from Indian^ sees the handwriting upon the
wall. Let him go home to his State. Let
him go home and light for his individual self
there. Nobody has any personal hostility to
him. Let him make his own fight as he can ;
but after the convention has repudiated every-
thing that looks like loyalty or love of coun-
try, when they put up nothing but the black
idols of rebellion for him to worship I be-
seech him not to load himself too heavily with
the record of Blair and Seymour; it may en-
danger his own little fight in that great State
which he seeks to govern. But this attempt
to elect such men with such a record means
that every loyal man is to be humiliated and
trampled in the dust. It means that the debt
is be repudiated, the honor of the nation to be
destroyed. It means a dissolution of the Union
by the expulsion of States, because Blair dis-
tinctly stated it and desired to be nominated
on that issue. It comes to us in that shape ;
and if the deserters, the traitors, the cowards,
aud the rebels were right; if the American
people think they were right and we were wrong
all the time ; if all the Union armies were
wrong, then let the verdict bo recorded that
Grant is the greatest murderer that ever was
or ever can bo in history; then let Sherman
and Sheridan and Thomas be disgraced ; lot
their names be stricken from the rolls of the
Army; let none but traitors be placed there ;
let Lee take the place of Grant and Forrest of
the gallant Sheridan; stop paying your pen-
sions to the widows of the soldiers who have
fallen ; let anarchy reign supremo; ratify the
glorious doctrine of your leader, that mob vio-
lence is as legitimate as governmental power;
adopt tho motto, " Letruin.come again."
But, sir, the American people are not so in-
clined, aud however aggressive my friend from
Indiana may be in defending the forlorn hope
of his successful competitor in the New York
convention, he will make very little impression
on the country except that he intends to bo
true to his party, that he means to prove to
the world that his head is not sore although his 1
heart aches a little, and he is very much dis-
gusted with the proceedings of the convention.
He lias said enough on that subject; let him
leave it to a generous people. They will not
condemn him too severely, they will sympa-
thize with him ; but he must not attempt to get
them to worship at the altar of Seymour or
Blair, because they will not be persuaded. He
must not try to transfer the love and admira-
tion felt for him to two such men representing
such ideas as they do, because he will fail in
that and they will cease to confide in him.
Mr. UORBETT. Mr. President, the pro-
vision now proposed inaugurates a new system
which, it seems to me, would be very detri-
mental to the interests of the United States.
The amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts provides for imposing upon our bonds
a tax ot one half of one per cent., which has
certainly never been attempted by the Govern-
ment before. These bonds have been popular,
and will continue to be more popular if we.
maintain our public faith, provided we do not
tax them. We have always contended, and tha
SupreroeCourtoftheUnitedStatesh?.s decided,
that United States Government bonds cannot
be taxed ; that it is necessary for the Govern-
ment to have power to issue bonds free from
taxation so as to maintain the national credit,
to be able to protect ourselves from incursions
from abroad and to subdue rebellions within.
If we now inaugurate a system of taxing'he
, bonds one half of one per cent, there is nothing
j hereafter to hinder Congress from taxing them
