488
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Williams.
40th Cong....2d Ssss.
by the judge. He does not find it there be-
cause there ia anything in the Constitution to
authorize a purchase, but only because it con-
tains a provision to authorize a treaty, which
is gratuitously assumed to authorize anything
that maybe made the subject of treaty between
indepenaentnations by the general public law,
or, in other words, any imaginable contract
without reference to the structure of the Gov-
. eminent, or the limitations of its fundamental
law. This, however, is a position which has
the support of no authority, and is entirely at
war with every sound principle of interpreta-
tion. It has never been pretended b^ anybody,
until it became necessary in the present case,
that the treaty power was not limited as to its
objects by the Constitution. When it was
objected in the great debate on Jay's treaty in
1790, by those who were opposed to it, that
inasmuch as the powers of Congress were ex-
pressly limited, while those of the President and
Senate in this particular were not, the effect
of the doctrine contended for by its advocates
would be to make the treaty power uncon-
trollable and absolute, it was weil and conclu-
sively answered that it was absurd to suppose
that it was not subject to all the limitations of
the Constitution. It seems to me, however,
that most of the defenders or apologists of
this unrighteous and unprecedented bargain
-"have taken the ground that the treaty power
covered every possible subject of negotiation,
as they have generally assumed, in utter con-
tempt of the decisions of the courts, that a
contract made by the President and Senate
was a perfect treaty, without conceding that it
made any difference whether it came within
the scope of the Constitution or not, and with-
out even condescending to respond to the
objection that there was nothing in the Con-
stitution to authorize the purchase of foreign
territory.
It may be assumed, then, I think, upon this
presentation of principles and authorities not
only that the large concessions of the report
itself as to the powers of this House were well
authorized by the lav/, but that there was noth-
ing whatever iu this grant of the treaty-making
power even to furnish a color of authority for
the making of such contract. As to so much
of the argument as puts the case on the sup-
posed technical advantage to be derived from
the bald and unworthy trick of a hurried occu-
pancy, intended so obviously to force upon the
House and country an agreement which it was
well understood that neither would have made
itself, even in the most favorable condition of
our finances, I shall reserve what I have to
say until 1 come to look into the question of
the friendly relations between the contracting
Powers with which it has been so dexterously
associated. And now as to the merits of the
acquisition itself.
It was scarcely to be expected in the face of
the notorious fact that the territory in ques-
tion was a terra incognita ev&n to Russia itself
at the very time of the munificent and mysterious
offer, by which the Czar was no doubt as much
surprised as ouselves, that anybody would be
bold enough to claim that it had anything to
recommend it except, perhaps, an exaggerated
application of the Monroe doctrine, in view of
the fact that it was a part of the North Ameri-
can continent. No sooner, however, is the
extraoidiuary overture of the Secretary, who,
with the restless spirit of the wandering Jew,
had just been scouring sea and land with a
chest of gold in quest of something that he
might buy, accepted, than every engine which
the Government can command is set to work
to impress Congress and the nation with the
idea of the immense value of the miserable
property for which their credit had been- so
wantonly pledged. Never was an honest cause
suppoited or required to be supported by such
extraordinot'y moans. Never, indeed, in the
annuls of imposture has any thing been witnessed
so reckleso and audacious in the way of inven-
tion as the statements which have been manu-
factured to accomplish this object. By a miracle
as stupendous as that of Joshua when he held the
sun spellbound on Gibeon and the moon in the
valley of Ajalon, the very laws of nature—the
game to which the honorable chairman so confi-
dently refers—are not only suspended but over-
turned at the bidding of the wizard Secretary.
The pen of the mercenary scribe is enlisted to
furnish material for the statesman. The sybil-
line leaves of these oracular personages, this
hireling priesthood of the press, descend in
showers like the sno wflakes that load the atmos-
phere of this promised land. The icy barriers
before which even the giant power that had
cleft its way through the snows of Siberia to the
shores of the Arctic ocean, was obliged to re-
coil, give way at once. The frozen rivers heave
their flowing bosoms to the embraces of a
tropic sun, and the rugged and inaccessible
mountains sink down incontinently into the
verdant slope and the grassy plain. And young
America, always susceptible, yes, and very old
America, too, listen and believe. Already
they hear, or think they hear, the scream of
the American eagle from the peak of St. Elias,
and as their eyes are skillfully directed to the
exiled banner of the Union drooping discon-
solately from its staff amid the perpetual rains
of Sitka, respond to the stirring appeal by
swearing on the altar of the god Terminus
that it shall never go back, even though the
elements in mutiny may wage eternal war
around it and against it.
Nay, even the grave chairman, to whom the
nation looks for wise and wary counsel, trans-
ported by the glowing vision, is rapt into ecstasy
himself, and even while challenging the wild
fancy that peopled Oonalaska's shore with
wolves, finds a new El Dorado among the ice-
bergs and volcanoes of this new Eden, before
which the riches of ancient Ophir and the
marvels of Cathay must pale. The poet, who
has a license, as the statesman has not, was
true at least to the law of verisimilitude,. when
he assigned to that savage beast a home in
this new purchase, for which he could imagine
no other inhabitant. If he forgot that there
are regions of the earth where even a wolf
could not subsist, and would disdain to live,
he has atoned at least for the error of the nat-
uralist in the glorious rhythm that blends so
well the dismal howl of that animal with the
sullen dash of the breakers upon that deso-
late shore. But what is there in the way of
license here to compare with the inventive
genius that has sown the gifts of Ceres among
the driving mists and the eternal snows, and
with a marvelous alchyroy transmuted thg
sterile rock and the inaccessible glacier into
the richest of metals and the most priceless of
gems?
Unlocked for as was the argument upon the
intrinsic value of a region of the earth so
marked throughout by all those features which
have sealed it against human access, and
stamped upon its face the irreversible decree
of the Almighty, that it shall never be the home
of civilized man, I think I do not exaggerate
in what 1 have said as to the character of this
argument. Those who will turn to the speech
of the honorable chairman will find that it is
upon this point mainly tliat he has expended
Ins stores of rhetoric. Kich as he is in elocu-
tion, the powers of language almost fail him
in his endeavors to depict the varied and end-
less resources of this new acquisition. With- 1
out even the trouble of an exploration, he gives '
his hand and his faith implicitly to the voracious 1
penny-a-liner, who guides him to the mount '
of vision, and there uufulds to his wondering
eyes the mj'steries of this untrodden and en-
chanted land. He sees, not with the visual
orb, but as Saneho saw his mistress, by hear-
say, in this chaos of rock and mountain, and
wintry Hood, a boundless area of cultivable
laud, that only waits the surveyor and the plow
to be thronged with settlers, and to dimple
into harvests; timber for construction and ex-
port, huge "as the pines hewn on Norwegian
hills, to make the mast of some great admi-
ral,'' and indestructible as the bodies of the
unburied Esquimaux found by the first explor-
ers on it3 northernmost point, which laughed the
worm to scorn, and defied alike the tooth of
time and of the polar bear; treasures of min-
eral wealth deep hid from mortal eyes, in beds
of coal, and ores of iron, lead, copper, silver,
and even gold, with probable platina and pos-
sible diamonds ; forests alive with fur-bear-
ing animals, just waiting to ornament the fair
shoulders of some Atlantic belle, and fishes
swarming upon the coast, until they are crowded
out of their native element, and compelled to
pasture upon the strand. And as be describes
all this in a speech of two hours, with a crea-
tive power that never flags, we turn involun-
tarily to the six days' work so eloquently para-
phrased by Milton for the only parallel. He
speaks, " Let agriculture thrive and homes for
settlers grace this rugged clime," and lo!
" The bare earth till then
Desert and bare, unsightly, unadorn'd,
Brings forth the tender grass, whoso verdure clothes
Her universal face with pleasant green."
Let forests crown the hills!
" Straight rise, as in dance, the stately trees.
Lettish be multiplied, and in the seas
And lakes and running streams the water fill."
" Forthwith the sounds and seas, each creek and bay,
With iry innumerable swarai, and shoals
Of fish that wuh their fir.s, and shining scales,
Glide under the green wave in sculls that oft
Bank the mid sea."
Is it surprising that in view of all the facts
he tells us of this new Arcadia, he should so far
forget the miserable savage who has so despised
the gifts of nature and of Providence, as to
burrow in the earth for more than half the
year, and draw bis whole subsistence from the
sea, as to ask, as he does, with an air of triumph,
where is there a people in all the earth with the
same abundant materials for industry? But
why should he have found it necessary to verify
them by the eminently logical inference that
because those who decried the successive ac-
quisitions of Louisiana, and Florida, and Texas,
and California, have turned out to be mistaken,
all that the Arctic voyager has told us of the
frozen zone is necessarily untrue, when we all
know so well that a llepublican ownership of
six months, with the concentrated blaze of a
hundred hireling pens would thaw out even the
pole itself? And why also should he have
found it necessary to magnify the value of this
priceless acquisition by a reference to the some-
what apoehryphal and damaging fact, that two
previous Administrations had been capable of
the meanness of offering for it in vain the
paltry sum of only S3,000,000?
But how are the facts ? Let me invite him
and his auditors down for a little while from
this glorious heaven of invention, and see how
these things look, not through the kaleidoscope
which the honorable gentleman presents to our
eyes, but under the sober and philosophic light
of the geography, topography, and history of
the region in question.
The territory contracted for extends from
about the sixtieth parallel to the latitude of 71°
20' on the Arctic sea, with a mean width of
about 25°, or from seven to eight hundred
miles, with two long tongues of laud, one on
the east, extending southwardly along the eoas:
to the line ot the British possessions at 54° 4tj',
with an average width of about thirty miles, and
the other o:i the southwest, comprising the
peninsula of Alaska, along with the Aleutian
isles. A large portion of it, therefore, is within
the Arctic zone.
This part of the continent was first, discovered
iu 1741 by the llnssian admiral, Behring, who
did not however land, but perished on his re-
turn voyage, along with his crew, of cold and
hunger, un one of the islands near the Asiatic
coast. It was asrain visited in 1778 by Captain
Cook, who mudo the land at the inlet which has
