604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
ernment, and then using that money to break
down the Government and turn it over into the
hands of the rebels.
I scorn, sir, to reply to his imputation about
my getting relatives into office. I have no
relatives in office who are there by my recom-
mendation ; and the gentleman had no right to
make the imputation. In making it he was
guilty of the grossest calumny, which I did not
expect from a colleague of mine.
I may have done many things, my distin-
guished military colleague may have done
many things which may have been wrong, but
I believe neither of us ever took the part of
the public enemy in time of war.
Mr. ROSS. If the gentleman intends that
for me, it is false.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
say anything about it, but the gentleman said
certain things. [ say that I never did, and
that my military colleague never did. I do not
say that the gentleman never did. I say that
neither I nor my colleague ever belonged to
the Knights of the Golden Circle or attempted
to destroy our Government. I will say that
neither I nor my colleague ever voted in this
House against paying the soldiers, or ever voted
against taking care of the sick and wounded
soldiers in the war. Neither I nor my col-
league ever voted against a law to punish
guerrillas for shooting down our constituents,
nor did we ever collude to murder Federal en-
rolling officers. We never came into this
House with our hands red and dripping with
the blood of our fellow men.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, the insinuations
which the gentleman has made, if intended for
me, are without foundation in fact or in truth.
In relation to voting for the soldiers, I will say
that the gentleman did vote against increasing
their pay, and so did his colleague. You will
recollect, Mr. Speaker, when the gentleman
from Kentucky, Mr. McKee, from the Military
Committee introduced a bill, to which I offered
an amendment to increase the soldiers' pay to
twenty dollars a month, that amendment was
adopted.
But what did the gentleman and his friends j
do? They moved to recommit that bill to the
Military Committee and the chairman of that
committee reported it back from his seat at
once, leaving off the amendment which I had
put on increasing the pay to twenty dollars a
month.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will ex-
plain that if the gentleman will allow me.
Mr. ROSS. I cannot yield. When that
was done my colleague in his seat tauntingly
said to me, "I am opposed to your proposi-
tion because I want to give them twenty-five
dollars." The record of the proceedings of
the House show it. With all his pretended
friendship for the soldiers there is not a word
of sincerity in it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr.
Speaker 
Mr. ROSS. I decline to yield.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. You dare
not allow me to say a word.
Mr. ROSS. I will tell yon what my col-
league could do ; he could three several times
vote in favor of a law to increase the pay of
officers. Of course he had no friends in the
Army, no brothers or kindred, but three times
he voted for a bill, which was passed, giving
them two months' extra pay after they were
mustered out of the Army. And when I made
that proposition for the boys in blue, who car-
ried the knapsacks, to give them twenty dollars
a month and it was defeated, he sneeringly
remarked that they were going to give them
twenty-five dollars. I never heard anything
more of his twenty-five dollars a month.
The gentleman took occasion the other day,
after some remark that I had made, to say that
my majority had fallen off very considerably in
my district. I thought that was quite unkind
in him as I had never alluded to his senatorial
canvass in our State. He should bear in mind
that republics are sometimes ungrateful.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
true ; it came very near being so in your case*
[Laughter.]
Mr. ROSS. Not quite as near as you said,
but perhaps for a great man it is near enough.
[Laughter. 1
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, yes;
as great a man as you are. [Laughter. ]
Mr. ROSS. My colleague said he would
help get banks in our country. He got into a
row with some of my friends for preventing his
friends from electing him, and I suppose he
wanted to pay them off in helping them to get
the banks. He charged me with being inter-
ested in the banks. I never had a dollar in
the banks.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of UHnois. I sup-
posed you were a large stockholder in the Bank
of Pittsfield.
Mr. ROSS. I never had a dollar in a bank
ever since General Jackson's time. I have
voted against them in every form, I am for
hard money as soon as we pay off this debt.
Pay it off and then come to tne constitutional,
democratic currency of the country. But
these bonds, issued at a time when the green-
backs were worth forty cents on the dollar,
should be paid in the same currency. The
gentleman from Ohio took ooccasion to say
that some of our men are in favor of issuing \
$2,000,000,000 of greenbacks at once. No man
has ever said any such thing. He alluded to
Mr. Pendleton. Mr. Pendleton says that the
national debt should be paid off in the same
currency that is paid to other creditors, as far
as we can constitutionally do so. I would
like to have these bonds funded, if the money
gets too plenty, in a five per cent, bond, pay-
able in greenbacks or lawful currency, subject
to the ordinary rate of taxation. But my col-
league wishes to protect the bond-holders and
the banks. He is a bold man and worthy of
being a member of a bold Congress. He could [
put himself in opposition to his thirteen col-
leagues on the currency question and stand
here as the single Representative from the ]
State of Illinois in favor of the banks and the i
bond-holders. He knew, of course, that his
candidate had to stand upon that doctrine,
because he had him in training. He was pre-
paring him for the race, and he relied upon
the power and influence of the national banks
and bond-holders to carry the election. He
expected to pour hundreds of thousands of
dollars into the country in order to demoralize
the people and control the elections, with the
aid of the bayonet, down South, bringing in ten
States under negro rule.
They tell us now they are going to let up on
taxation. This is a bold Congress. It has
put more taxes on us than was ever paid by
any people in the world. It is a bold Con-
gress that in a single year can run up the ex-
penses of the Army to $77,000,000, and of
the Navy $47,000,000. Must it not be a bold
Congress that will do things of this kind?
They have done it, and my colleague voted for
it. But now, as the election draws near, they
say, "You voting men, we are going to reduce
yourtaxes." What does that mean? Why,
it means that they want to get a new lease of
power, and when they have gained that, the
poor man will find that the same influences
which have ground him down for the last four
or five years and placed the burdens upon his
back that the bond-holders may grow rich and
the banks may make large dividends, will again
control the legislation of the country. This is
the policy of my colleague. He plays a bold
game. He is a bold man and I admire him
for it.
Now, if any friend will agree to say nothing
more about my losing a few hundred votes in
my district 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. A few
thousand.
Mr. ROSS. I will agree to say nothing more
about his race for the Senate. How many votes
did you get for Senator? [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know. I refer my colleague to the records of
the caucus. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROSS. I suppose that is good authority.
I have no doubt his party friends will do justice
by my colleague yet. He is a great admirer of
Illinois. I introduced a bill and had it referred
to the Committee on Commerce especially
because he was on that committee, proposing
to appropriate $200,000 for the improvement
of the Illinois river, but he has let it sleep ; he
has kept it there ever since; I suppose he put
it in his breeches pocket. [Laughter.] One
great financial measure which he has agitated
since he has been in Congress was a measure
to make the Illinois Central Railroad Company
pay the Government a large amount of money,
when he knows that the State receives a per-
centage on the earnings of that company and
that it would have taken three or four hundred
thousand dollars out of the State treasury of
Illinois. I hope he has not got a grudge
against the State and voted to deplete its treas-
ury because they did not send him to the Sen-
ate. He has foreign missions and Cabinet posi-
tions glittering before his imagination, and I do
not blame him for turning his back upon Illi-
nois while these magnificent prospects are
before his enchanted vision. [Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, I have said about all I intended
to say upon this occasion, and I am thankful
to the large number who have given me their
attention this evening.
Mr. PRUYN obtained the floor,
i Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Allow me
one moment to reply to my colleague.
Mr. PRUYN yielded.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
listened with a good deal of amusement to the
last remarks of my colleague, made in exceed-
ing good humor, after the few pleasant remarks
that I made. There are some things a little
curious, which it is well enough to have go into
history.
In regard to the charge which the gentleman
has made of the extravagance of Congress, I
take it that no measure of any kind appropri-
ating money has passed that my colleague has
: not voted for. I take it that he will not deny
that he has acted upon this principle all through
the rebellion, that he wanted to load down the
Government so as to break it down and causa
a repudiation of the debt.
Mr. ROSS. I do deny it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am aston-
ished at the boldness of my colleague. I knew
he was a bold man. I knew that he ran against
General Lippincott, our Doorkeeper here, a
most excellent man.
Mr. ROSS. I know he is.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. He is a
military man, against whom my colleague en-
tertains a most deadly hostility.
Mr. ROSS. Not at all; he is my personal
friend.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. One of
his charges against me is that I had brothers
who went into the Army in the war to put down
the rebellion. He brings that as a charge against
me. I understand that sort of talk. I know
that he and his party did everything to load the
country down and voted for every appropria-
tion ; and many of them, more honest than my
colleague, admitted that it was for the purpose
of breaking the Government down so that they
could repudiate the public debt.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman has not the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Pruyn] yields to me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Pruyn] is entitled to the floor, and
can resume it whenever he chooses.
Mr. PRUYN. I resume the floor. I pre-
sume there is no use in protracting this con-
troversy.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am very
sorry the gentleman feels it necessary to come
in to protect my colleague.
Mr. ROSS. The gentleman's colleague can
take care of himself.
Mr. PRUYN. If the House now adjourns,
