1988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
relieve this interest, that interest, or the other.
I go with gentlemen just as far as I can go in
that direction ; but 1 call their attention to the
fact they are compelled to look in the face, that
we must raise a certain amount of revenue from
some source. From whatsourceshallitcome?
I know it is a very nice time just at this particu-
lar period to take off taxes. We have a pres-
idential election coming on, and it is important
that the best showing should be made that can
be made; but I tell you it is a poor showing
that results in a deficiency; unless we adopt
the argument of my honorable friend from New
York, to which the chairman of the Finance
Committee gives his assent, that it may be the
only way in which we can reduce expenditures
by showing a deficiency, and that that will bring
men to their senses. Perhaps that might be
beneficial; but let us look at the principle.
What was the principle upon which my
friend from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] and 1,
when we stood at the head of the two com-
mittees in the two Houses, went with reference
to this matter? It was this, and I believe
there is no dispute about it in any country,
and never has been ; that in laying taxes you
must, as a general rule, calculate upon a sur-
plus, and not upon a deficiency, a larger or a
smaller one ; that the only safe rule is so to
lay your taxes, whether internal or external,
that you may probably have a small surplus.
That is the way men manage their private af-
fairs. They do not calculate upon a deficiency
at the end of the year. That does nut seem
to be good sense or statesmanship under any
state of facts. And accordingly, although we
proceeded upon the principle in-, the last Con-
gress of lightening the burdens of taxation, of
taking off taxes, yet we also made our calcula-
tions upon the basis of reducing taxes to the
lowest possible point that we could, leaving
still enough to meet the necessary expenses of
the Government, and therefore calculating
6pon a small surplus. "We concluded that that
was the correct principle.
My honorable friend from West Virginia says
it has always so happened that we have had
more revenue than we expected. Why? If
he looks back he will see that up to the pres-
ent year, almost to the present time, we nave
had one continued success in business; busi-
ness has been going on successfully, energeti-
cally, encouragingly all over the country ; but
how is it now? You may calculate perhaps
upon your revenue exceeding your estimates
When business is prosperous; but can you
make the same calculation when business is
depressed, and growing more and more de-
pressed every day? You must then estimate
on the belief that your calculations will fail
you, both as to external and internal revenues.
What produces it? Consumption. What pro-
duces consumption? Ability to pay; prosper-
ity. When your prosperity stops, your ability
to pay stops with it; your consumption is less-
ened. It is not, I will say to my honorable
friend, safe in any point of view to contrast a
prosperous year with a very unprosperous one,
and say, because we had a surplus, or more
than we expected in a prosperous time, there-
fore we are to have more than we anticipate
in a most unprosperous time and when matters
are growing worse and worse every day. That
is no safe mode of calculation.
Take the year as it is, and the year as it
probably will be, and what are your chances?
Any man, on looking at it, would say, instead
of calculating that you are to get more in pro-
portion than the same taxes have produced
heretofore, you must inevitably get less. From
what source do you derive your internal
taxes? From prosperity in business. They
are all of them founded upon it, more or less,
to a greater or less degree. From what do
you expect the large sums from your customs?
From consumption, and that consumption de-
pending upon the ability to pay; the ability of
the people to consume. If times change in
those particulars, your calculations must
change. You must calculate for a large sur-
plus rather than a small one, and then gradu-
ate your taxes so as apparently to produce
more in order to be safe.
Mr. VAN WINKLE.* Will the Senator per-
mit me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I think he did not
pay very close attention to what I said; and,
of course, I do not blame him. He has mis-
understood me in two instances. In the first
place, he understood me to be attacking or
blaming the Secretary of the Treasury for pay-
ing off a largo portion of the public debt. I
had no intention of doing so, and did not do
so. On the contrary, I was applying the fact
precisely as the gentleman has applied it, to
show that our estimates of taxes had always
been too low; we had not gone as far in re-
ducing taxes as we might have done, and,
therefore, a large surplus was left, which the
Secretary, very properly, paid on the debt. 1
endeavored to show—I will not say I showed—
that there was reason for believing that the
receipts from these very taxes would be in-
creased during the next year. I showed it
from the situation of the former year, the
deficiency of the wheat crop, and other cir-
cumstances of that kind. If I am wrong in
that, and the gentleman can convince mc of it,
I am willing to acknowledge it. But I assure
him I was not going it blind.
Mr. FliSfcSKNDEN. 1 have misunderstood
my friend. His explanation is satisfactory. I
will do my friend the justice to say that he
never means to say anything that he does not
perfectly believe.
I was commenting upon what I thought a
mistaken view of a principle, or of a probable
operation of a principle. I was saying that in
laying your taxes and calculating them so as to
meet your expenditures, you must, to be safe,
provide for a surplus and not for a deficiency,
apparently ; and more especially is that true in
unpiosperous times; and 1 was endeavoring to
show the correctness of that statement. 1 will
not enlarge upon it.
I come now to the statement of the honor-
able Senator who is the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance. What did he show in the
closest calculation that he could make on this
very bill? A deficiency of about fifteen or six-
teen million dollars. He believes that the du-
ties will amount to as much as they did the
year before, although the natural effect in my
judgment, to a certain extent, of largely increas-
ing protection, as this bill does, as I remarked
yesterday, will be to diminish the duties from
imports, and that effect is more likely to be
produced by the less ability rather of our
country to consume.
Mr. CONNESS. That is subject to our
revision.
-Mr. FESSENDEN. It is subject to our re-
vision unquestionably; but the question is,
where you will find wisdom enough to provide
for it. You may revise and revise, and if the
country cannot consume, has not the ability to
consume, you will not get your duties. That,
will be the result; and that I think was hardly
considered. Therefore I say, although the
natural effect of the present times, and of the
present bill upon the duties levied upon impor-
tations would be to reduce them largely, my
friend from Ohio is obliged, in order to avert
the idea of a greater deficiency still than that
he mentioned, to assume that, changed as all
things are, we shall get as much in the coming
year from that source as before. By this bill
we strike off $05,000,000. Is there any hope
of making that up? And what do we labor
under besides? The idea of prosperity, per-
fect regularity in business while we are going
on, as we are at present, with a currency so
uncertain and fluctuating as it already is, is to
my mind preposterous. I have thought, and
I mean to say by and by, and to give some
reasons for this opinion if I get a good op-
portunity, the first thing for us to do is to pay
attention to restoring the currency and not to
trifle with it.
Now, sir, what has been the result? We
are going on striking off taxes to a very large
amount; and I am very glad to strike them off
wherever they can be, just leaving enough to
pay the expenditures of the Government from
year to year; but we diminish in that particular,
and we make our calculations in these times, bad
as they are, upon a deficiency in the revenue for
the nextyear of fifteen or sixteen millions. In
myjudgment, $40,000,000, thesumat which my
honorable friend from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
put it, will fall below what the deficiency will
be next year, and must necessarily fall be-
low it in the present state of the business of the
country. Then we shall get the advantage that
my honorable from New York [Mr. Conkling]
suggests. We may bring gentlemen to their
senses with regard to appropriations for all sorts
of schemes; but what will the effect be upon
the country is another aspect? Then we shall
have to go into the market to borrow money,
and to go there under a very beautiful state of
circumstances, too, with a large portion of the
members of Congress talking about repudia-
tion, and urging repudiation in point of fact,
urging, at any rate, that the currency shall be
left in its present unsettled condition, and that
nothing shall be done in order to bring us back
to a sound system again ! Why, sir, I look for-
ward to that state of things for the coming year
with absolute alarm. While I am perfectly
willing and desirous to go as far as we can
safely in taking off internal taxes and reliev-
ing business, yet I tell you you will only bring
about a greater evil in the succeeding years if
you begin to go upon the principle that we are
to have a deficiency necessarily, and to provide
for it afterward by increasing the public debt,
borrowing money, because we shake our credit.
That is the result of it.
Sir, I have made these general remarks
without reference to the pending proposition
particularly to explain why, with my views
of what is coming, with my perfect unwilling-
ness to legislate in this style on the presump-
tion that we are to have a deficiency and on
the hope that it will not be bigger than is
mentioned, when inevitably it must be, in my
judgment, if we go on in this way, I shall vote
against taking off these taxes to such an extent
as is here proposed.
Gentlemen may reply to me, "Then why did
you yesterday propose that we should give a
drawback upon your navigation?" My an-
swer is, "If you are going to relieve every-
thing wo should like to come in for a share."
I do not like to be excepted in the matter, and
I do not like to have the Senate apply one
rule to me that they will not apply to anybody
else. I think petroleum can afford to pay the
tax that has been put upon it, though it may
feel it sensibly ; all these articles which go into
general consumption can bear the tax; but
that is different from prostrating a very great
interest of the country by heavy and burden-
some taxation.
Now, sir, I cannot vote for the proviso of
my friend from West Virginia for the reason
that 1 cannot give a vote to increase the defi-
ciency which is admitted, as I understand, by
the committee, any more than I could vote for
the previous proposition to take off the tax
which is levied upon refined sugars or the other
articles mentioned, which we have just struck
out. I think they can bear it. Undoubtedly
all these things are oppressive ; but taxation
is oppressive in its nature ; itcannot be avoided.
The only question is whether, because it is op-
pressive, we are to yield to these calls that are
made upon us to a point beyond where we can
stand safely and raise money enough to meet
the expenditures of the Government from year
to year and from day to day. My impression
is that we must pause in this career and think
something of the duties that are laid upon us
in the other direction. It is a duty to please
the people, if we can, and to lighten their bur-
dens, if we can—not only a duty, but a pleas-
ure. But there is another duty incumbent on
us, and that is to sustain the Government never-
theless ; and we gain nothing by yielding to
temporary expedients which look to dangers in
the future.
