1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
Mr. Speaker, shall I be entitled to the floor
when the consideration of this bill is resumed?
The SPEAKER. By the orderot'the House
on Monday after the morning hour the gentle-
man from'Ohio [Mr. Bivoham] is to be recog-
nized to move tlie previous question on tins
b !! am! to make tho closing speech.
Mr. HOI.MAX. Will not the House be in
ge< .on to-morrow?
l'he SPEAKER. It will be, but in Com-
mittr-  of the Whole.
Mr. ELDltlDGK. Can any business be
entertained except debate ?
■ i'lie SPEAKER. Nothing will be in order
but debate in Committee of the Whole. The
gentleman from New York may be able to
make his remarks on Monday if he cau get
the consent of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham.]
Mr. PllUYN. The gentleman told me he
had agreed to yield • part of his time to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bcti.eu.]
f'he SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
mi<;ht, before calling the previous question,
allow the gentleman to go on. The Chair does
not know what is the intention of the gentle-
man from Ohio except as he has publicly
announced it.
Mr. PRUYN. I am sorry he is not here. I
supposed that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washbcrxe] represented him. Is that so?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not.
Mr. PRUYN. I do not wish to occupy the
floor for any considerable length of time; I
suppose that fifteen or twenty minutes is as
much as I would desire. But I should prefer
to jo on either to-morrow or on Monday. The
House being still in session I presume that
it is in our power to direct at this time any
arrangement for Monday morning that we may
see tit.
The SPEAKER. Whenever an arrange-
ment of this kind has been made in a full
House, and members have left with the under-
standing that there shall be nothing but debate,
the Chair has always felt it proper that the
arrangement should not be changed unless the
members present take the responsibility upon
themselves.
Mr. PRUYN. I am willing that this ar-
rangement should be made—that, unless some
gentleman objects, I shall have on Monday
niornintr not more than twenty minutes to
make my remarks.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
see how we can now properly adopt any differ-
ent arrangement from that which has been
agreed to in a full House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
can accommodate the gentleman from New
York by not rising to claim the floor at the
expiration of the morning hour on Monday.
At that time the gentleman from Ohio will be
entitled to the floor to move the previous ques-
tion. If he should not rise to claim the floor,
but should choose to postpone for twenty min-
utes the calling of the previous question the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Pruyx] would
be entitled to the floor.
Mr. PRUYN. I think under the circum-
stances I shall trust to the liberality of the
gentleman from Ohio to make that arrange-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now renew the motion
that the House adjourn.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me a moment that I may introduce a
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will do so.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BRANCH.
Mr. MALLORY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 459) to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from Portland, Oregon, to connect with the
Pacific railroad at the northern bend of the
Humboldt, in the State of Nevada, and to
•ecure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to j
reconsider the vote by which the bill was j
referred; and also movrd that the motion to 1
reconsider bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOLMAN, (at
tive o'clock and thirty minutes p. mM) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees: .
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio: The petition of
Egbert Hudson and others, owners of " Yerba
Buena," California, praying for the protection
of their rights.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of Jacob
Houghton and 20 others, citizens of Detroit,
Michigan, urging the importance of a repeal
of the internal taxes on manufactures and pro-
ductions, except luxuries, with such simplify-
ing and changing of the tax list as shall remove
burdens wholly unnecessary, and thus relieve
and stimulate the productive industry of the
country.
Also, the petition of George H. Parker and
32 others, of the same place.
Also, the petition of J. B. Wayne and 27
others, of the same place.
Also, the petition of David R. Pierce and
Toothers, of the same place.
Also, the petition of Moses W. Field and 33
others, of the same place.
Also, the petition of Joseph Barton and 20
others, of the same place.
Also, the petition of W. Watkins and 81
others, of Ypsilanti, in said State.
Also, the petition of J. K. Bireg and 243
others, of Hudson, in said State.
Also, the petition of W. J. Baxter and 66
others, of Jonesville, in said State, to the same
effect.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of a large num-
ber of citizens of Kentucky, accompanied with
the resolutions of a public meeting in Lexing-
ton, asking for such action by Congress as
would best protect naturalized citizens from
oppression while in foreign countries.
By Mr. BLAIR: The petitions of James
Lindsey and Luke M. Thayer, of the fourth
Michigan cavalry, for payment of the reward
for the capture of Jefferson Davis.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of Wakes
<fc Co., and20 others, of Flint, Michigan, ask-
ing the repeal of internal revenue tax on man-
ufactures and productions, except luxuries.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of T. King
k Co., Blodgett Brothers, and others, of
Lowell, Michigan, praying for such modifica-
tion of the internal revenue law as will relieve
and stimulate the productive industry of the
country!
By Mr. HULBURD: The petition of sundry
citizens of Norfolk, New York, as to rights,
protection, &c., of naturalized citizens.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of 133 cit-
izens of Columbia county, Pennsylvania, ask-
ing for the establishment of a postal route from
Catawissa, in said county of Columbia, via
Mendenhalls Mills, Valentine Voughts, in the
county of Montour, to ElyBburgjin the-county
of Northumberland.
By Mr. NUNN: The petition of Mrs. Mary
Geary, for relief.
By Mr. ORTH : Petitions from numerous
citizens of Fort Wayne, Mishawaka, Terre
Haute, and La Fayette, Indiana, asking for
repeal of internal taxes on manufactures and
productions, except luxuries.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of
William II. Safford and 658 others, citizens
of the twelfth congressional district of Ohio,
praying Congress to take such legislative action
as will define the status of naturalized citizens
of the United States and compel the Govern-
ment of Great Britain to reijpgnize the valid-
ity of the naturalization of those citizens she
now holds in durance and to do justice to them
by reinstating them in the liberties and immu-
nities of which they have been deprived fn
violation of their rights ivs American citizens.
• By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The petition of citizens of Clinton and Leo-
minster, Massachusetts, for the repeal of cer-
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin: The
petition of citizens of Chippewa and Eau
Claire counties, Wisconsin, praying for a
grant of lands to aid the construction of a
wagon road for military and postal purposes
from Chippewa Falls to Ashland on Lake
Superior.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of tlio
judges of the supreme court and petit and
grand jurors of the District of Columbia,
asking that the compensation of jurors bo
fixed at four dollars per day.
Also, the petition of 8. B. Sca gs and 70
others, citizens of the county of Washington,
District of Columbia, praying that the voters
of said county may be allowed to elect the
members of the levy court, and also to elect
a Delegate in Congress for the District of
Columbia.
and
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 18, 1808.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read
approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS
Mr. ROSS. I ask unanimous consent to
make a personal explanation. I shall not
occupy more than five minutes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will pro-
ceed if there is no objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, in looking over
The Daily Globe of this morning I find that in
the running debate of last evening I am re-
ported as making some remarks which it is
probably proper 1 should either take back or
] modify. A portion of what I refer to is in
; these words: " and part of the time draw the
pay for both places. In justice to myself
and to the House and to my colleagues it is
proper I should say that I have no knowledge
or information of their drawing pay .at the same
time for two positions, and consequently it is
proper and just to them that I should take back
that remark.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I ask consent to make
a brief explanation.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the gentleman will proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I was
very much surprised this morning, on reading
first in the morning papers and afterward in
The Globe, the remarks made yesterday in my
absence by my colleague, [Mr. Ross.] The
gentleman's retraction is very well as far as it
goes ; but it does not cover the whole case. I
desire the Clerk to read the passage in The
Globe which I have marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Gentlemen here have had a great deal to gay about
the attachdientweprofcsstotheJJonstitution. Vv hy,
my colleague [Mr. Fabkswo*™] said on yesterday
that we had got to be—what was it ?— screechers tor
the Constitutionthat he had become sick and tired
of this 'screeching for the Constitution.' Sir, X do
love the old Constitution; I do revere and venerate
the old Government mode by our fathere: and no
sneers from gentlemen upon the other side of the
House will drive me to yield up the devotion and
veneration I havo for the Constitution of my country.
My oolleague saw fit to eall hard names and to east
epithets upon others hero. I regret, that he should
have felt it necessary to do so. It is the best evi-
dence of the want of sound argumentwhen gentlemen
resort to  uch things. That gentleman is, no doubt,
a gallant gentleman. His modest allusions since ho
has been here to his services in the Army show that
ho is n. gallant man; because all great men are very
modest, especially military men; they hardly ever
say anything about themselves. Of his loyalty thero
can bo no reasonable donbt. A man who can rotate
from abrigadiergeneralship into Congress, and rotate
back again whenever he pleases, and part of the time
draw the pay for both places, of course must have his
loyalty greatly enhanced.
"Mr. Wabhbbrni!, of Illinois. I would ask my col-
league [Mr. Ross] to whom he now refers?
