490
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Purchase of Alaska—Mr. Williams.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
speculators, but no permanent settlers; there can be
expected no civilized population, no permanent
industry, but rather spoliators of the natives, and
depredatory working out of the riches as well on the
surfaco as in the womb of the earth. Such system
can devastate, but not organize the country."
The next question, as to the resources of tliis
region in timber, is sufficiently disposed of by
what has been already said in relation to its
agricultural capabilities. The Arctic flora, as
well as its fauna, is too well defined among
naturalists to make it worth while to plant
within that region a giant vegetation which
does not belong to it. A soil that is perma-
nently underlaid with ice, with a surface frozen
to an unknown depth and thawed out only for
a little while in the summer to a depth of seven
inches, is obviously even more unfitted for the
growth of timber trees than it is for the culti-
vation of the cereals. The testimony is that the
Aleutian islands are so barren as to be abso-
lutely treeless, while the forests along the coasts
that are nourished by the incessant rains are
practically inaccessible. Dr. Kellogg, the
botanist of the expedition sent out last year by
the Government, remarks that—
" Unfortunately, this vastregion of islands andcon-
tincntal coast is not bordered at the bases of these
lofty timbered ranges with sloping or level bottoms,
but is gashed with precipitous and inaccessible gorges,
tho peaks being for the most part capped with snows,
which, melting in summer, make every rockless foot-
step a sphagnous, miry morass."
And now as to the mineral resources of this
region.
While it is admitted that there is nothing in
the element of latitude or climate, to prevent
the existence of beds of coal and mineral ores
within the territory in question, there is no
part of the case in which the invention of its
advocates has been more largely and freely
indulged. Of all these supposed discoveries
a careful examination of the report itself will
show, that not a single one has any foundation
of fact to rest upon, or any other existence than
in the faith or the imagination of the relator,
or the inventor. It is all hearsay, and all
apparently manufactured by the relators them-
selves for this particular market. Thus, on
page 28, "There is said to be an uaworked
vein of coal, seven feet thick, and similar
veins are reported to exist" at another point.
Professor Davidson, who, with other scientific
men, was sent out by this Government along
with Captain Howard, in the revenue-cutter
Lincoln, to make a reconnoissance of that
whole region, reports that the specimens ex-
amined by him were merely lignite, thickly
marked with iron pyrites, and that the coal
actually discovered had been faithfully tried
on the Russian steamers, and found so worth-
less as to make it necessary for them to get
their supplies from Vancouver's Island, which
is a British possession. All ho can say is that
"lie is informed that at a certain place described
by him, there is an unworked vein of seven
feet, but that it has not been opened." Again,
on the same page, "silver is represented to ex-
ist in several places." "An assay of gold from
other parts of Al.-ska made at California, Jan-
uary 16, 18G8, was reported to the Secretary
of State by \V. T. Ballou"—the same who
reported a vein of pure anthracite of thirty
feet in depth, and only wanted funds to de-
velop much more astonishing facts—"to yield
$13,000 per ton." " Miners made from two
to seven dollars per day at the gold diggings in
the Stekme river" without informing us, how-
ever, that this was in British territory. "Gold
is repotted to exist in the Ivakmay river, at
Cook's m!et, and at St. Nicholas." " Bis-
ji kit hot' a lemarkably fine quality is reportedby
•he Russians in the flanks ot the Victoria mount-
ains, and iron ore in the vicinity of Sitka;" and
"although no sufficient opportunity has been
given the agents of the United States to verify
the truth or falsehood of these reports, there
is, scarcely a doubt that they will prove well
founded," " There would seem to be no rea-
son why the mineral wealth ol this coast should
be less than that of Japan." "At Ikagmut
Zagoyskin saw fine, clear earth of different
colors. These, he thought, contained lead."
Professor Davidson says that magnetic ore is
reported to exist on Parteshiskof Island, "but
the hurried surveys made by Mr. Blake for the
discovery of the ore were unsuccessful." " Cap-
tain Demidoff expressed the opinion to the
correspondent of the New York Herald that
in the interior of Alaska would be found the
richest auriferous sands in the world.'' '' Lieu-
tenant Pease found a copper-bearing rock in
Behring's sea." "On the way down the Yukon
the natives pointed out a hill where coal was
worked by them for their own use." Zagoy-
skin found indications of lead on the lower
Yukon." A French traveler named Roche "is
sure that gold might be found in all' the rivers
and valleys. He wrote thua fifteen years ago,
and his predictions have already been partially
realized. He positively declared that platina,
lead, silver, diamonds, and other minerals
found in Siberia would be discovered in the
mountains of Russian America." "In fact, he
saysthatjet, kalium, petroleum, variegated mar-
ble, iron ore, &c., have been brought to light.''
"Many beds of bituminous coal have been
discovered on the coast and in the Aleu-
tian Islands. The Russian steamers have long
taken coal from the mines of Kodiak, which
can furnish it for future commerce for many
years yet." Thelastof these statements is now
absolutely disproved, as has been already
shown, as are all the rest, by the report of Mr.
Blake, the geologist of the expedition, who
says "he found no coal of any value, neither
precious or base metala of any kind. He
was told of the existence of various metals at
different times, but when sought where they are
said to be they were not there."
And here is a fair specimen of the stuff—if
I may be allowed the expression—with which
the House has been regaled, as evidence of the
existence of mineral riches in this territory.
There was a class of alchymists in the middle
ages who spent many a weary year in the search
of the philosopher's stone, as there was another
«f mere pretenders who profited largely by the
credulity of simpler men who were weak enough
to lend a believing ear to ,their glittering prom-
ises. I am not sure that'the founder of a cer-
tain German colony in this country, within living
memory, did not claim the power among his
followers, of transmuting the rocks which un-
derlaid his settlement into gold. But was there
anything more extravagant in these preten-
sions than what we are called upon to witness
in the way of evidence and prophecy here?
Surely these things require no serious answer.
And now as to the fishes, which may be called,
I suppose, the argumenlum piscatorium.
Itisnotdenied or doubted that they doabound,
as in most high latitudes, upon the western coast
of Russian America, as the fact that they con-
stitute the principal support of the native pop-
ulation sufficiently attests. Is it proposed,
however, to bring the American settlor down
to this Lenten entertainment? I have seen it
somewhere stated—perhaps by as great an au-
thority as Agassiz—that there is a large amount
of brain power, in the shape of phosphorus,
locked up within the scales of the finny tribes.
Does the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Muxgex,]
who bids so high for this property, intend a
colony from that unfailing fount of Democratic
power, the Milesian element, which still cleaves
with so much devotion to the claimed 1 'successor
of the fisherman," to inhabit a land where Lent
may be made perpetual, and everyday will be
a fish day ? Is it seriously proposed to educate
a higher class of American voters, by convert-
ing them into icihyophagi"! Or is it the larger
tenants of the ocean, the more gigantic game,
from the whale, and seal, and walrus, down to
the halibut and cod, of which it is intended to
open the pursuit to the adventurous fishermen
of the Atlantic coast, who are there already in
a domain that is free to all? My venerable
colleague, [Mr. Stevens.] who discourses as
though he were a true brother of the angle
himself, finds the foundations of this great Re-
public, like those of Venice and Genoa, among
the fishermen. Beautiful aa it shows above,
like the fabled mermaid —
" Desinit in piscem mulier formosa superne,"
it ends, according to him, as does the Alaska
argument itself, in nothing but a fish at last.
But the resources of the Atlantic are now, he
says, exhausted. The Falkland Islands are
now only a resting-place in our maritime career,
and American liberty can no longer live, except
by giving to its founders a wider range upon a
vaster sea. Think of it, he exclaims—I do not
quote his precise language—what a burning
shame is it not to us that we have not a spot
of earth in all that watery domain, on which to
refit a mast or sail, or dry a net or fish?—forget-
ting, all the while, that we have the range of
those seas without the leave of anybody ; that
the privilege of landing anywhere was just
as readily attainable, if wanted, as that of
hunting on the territory by the British; and
above all, that according to the official report
of Captain Howard, no fishing-bank has been -
discovered within the Russian latitudes ! I do
not propose, however, to cast a line into these
muddy waters. If it were all true, as repre-
sented, there is ample room and verge enough
for the industry of our people, without wasting
our substance, or loading ourselves and our
posterity with a perpetual incumbrance like
this. Is it expected that our fishermen, like
the disciples of old, will be able by another
miracle, and a greater than the former, to ex-
tract from the jaws of the first "catch," not
only the penny wherewithal to meet the demands
of the tax-gatherer, but enough to pay these
$10,000,000 in the money of the country,
along with the additional annual and perpet-
ual charge of several millions more, which this
territory is to cost us?
I say nothing of the fur-bearing animals,
wliieh are known to be rapidly disappearing,
and are, at all events, of so little consequence
as not to deserve a place in the argument.
But, then, we are told by the honorable
chairman that it is a contiguous territory; that
it is "the germ of an inappreciable power;"
that it is necessary for our defense, and for the
preservation of our institutions and power;
that it is the key of the Pacific; that it gives
us the control of the Arctic coasts, and makes
Behring's sea, andall beyond, essentially Amer-
ican ; that by its hundred islands, which are
but a stepping-stone to Asia, it brings us face
to face with the ancient civilization of China;
that the nations of the earth are looking upon
it with greedy eyes; that Europe is destined to
a terrible war, in which the first movement
will be to get possession of this mucli-desid-
erated land; that it makes us, in effect, the
masters of the coast of British America, which
is worthless without it; and that if we do not
take advantage of the offer, it will fall inevitably
into the possession of some hostile Power. All
these are but the supplements to an argument
upon the intrinsic value of the territory which
is felt to require extraneous support. A few
words, however, will suffice to show that they
do not help the case.
The alleged contiguity, in the first place,
which would have brought the case within the
precedents, and was considered, no doubt, by
the committee as a controlling argument, is a
mistake—committed in apparent oblivion ofthe
very recent controversy and settlement between
Great Britain and the United States—of just
5° 40', or some four hundred miles, in latitude,
which brings the territory about as near to aur
dominions as Russia itself is to France. But
this is now answered by the suggestion, that it
comes to the same thing, because if we could
not get up ftom 49° to that point by negotia-
tion. we can surely gftt down from the same
point to 4lf°, by rendering the British posses-
sions comparatively worthless, and squeezing
