606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
'* Mr. Ross. I was making some remarks about
military gentlemen.
"Mr. Wasiuu'rne, of Illinois. "What gentleman
docs lie accuse of having violated the law?
" .Mr. Kos-i. I ilo not accuse any gentleman.
"Mr. Washbiexk, of Illinois. The gentleman's
spoeeh made that assertion.
" Mr. Ross. 1 rnado no accusation against any
gentleman.
"Mr. AVxshbvrxe, of Illinois. The gentleman
spoke, a° t understood, of some member of Congress'
who had drawn pay for two otiices.
" Mr. Ross. 1 say that if a man can rotate from
the position of brigadier general into Congress and
from Congress into the position of brigadier gen-
eral, it is likely to make him very 'loyal;' and if ho can
draw pay part of the time for services in both capa-
cities it will make him exceedingly 'loyal:' and his
' loyalty' will be of the most ardent character if he
can have a part of his relatives in the Army wearing
shoulder-straps, and the balance of them in foreign
missions or making large profits as contractors under
the Government.
"Mr. W.tshbi'rne, of Illinois. I desire to know
whether my colleague applies that remark to any
military man from the State of Illinois?
"Mr. Ross. "I have applied it in just the manner
in which I have stated."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No one can fail to
see, from the remarks just read by the Clerk,
that my colleague did at the time, whether
intentionally or not, apply those remarks to
me. The charge, as it appears in The Globe, is
not only that I drew the pay of a brigadier
general and a member of Congress at the same
time, but that I rotated from one position to
the other and back again at pleasure, and also
' that I had my relatives wearing shoulder-straps
or in foreign missions.
Mr. ROSS. The gentleman will permit me
here to say a word. I desire to say that that
remark was not intended for him at all, and
I think perhaps the reporters did not get my
words in full, because my other colleague
[Mr. Washburne, of Illinois] applied the
remark at the time to himself, and it was so
understood by gentlemen around me.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. Not being present
myself I cannot undertake to say what was
understood by the House at the time ; but no
one reading The Globe can fail to put upon the
remark the construction 1 have stated.
Xow, Mr. Speaker, the only relative I ever
had in the Army wearing shoulder-straps that
1 know anything of—I had several in the garb
of a soldier—1 say my only relative who ever
wore shoulder-straps was killed at the battle
of Gettysburg, a gallant soldier and officer.
And, sir, I liave no knowledge that I have any
relatives enjoying the honors and emoluments
of foreign missions, nor did any relative of
mine ever take any contract under the Govern-
ment that I know of.
Mr. ROSS. It should be satisfactory to the
gentleman when I say the remark was not in-
tended for him.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. I believe, sir, I have
the floor.
So far as my own course is concerned, I deny
that I am in the habit of alluding to my ser-
vices either in the field or anywhere else, either
modestly or otherwise. I leave that, however,
to the House, whether I am in the habit of
alluding to the services rendered by me any-
where. My services have been small any-
where, and, sir, I can only wish they had been
greater.
I say further, Mr. Speaker, that I did not
rotate from one position to another. My term
as a member of Congress expired on the 4th
of March, 1861. The war then began. I
raised a regiment and took it into the field. I
commanded that regiment until I was elected
to Congress while still in the field fighting the
enemy to the best of my ability. Without any
agency of mine my constituents elected me to
Congress. I wish I could say as much for my
colleague. While I was south of the Potomac
lighting the rebels my constituents elected me.
I wish I could say that my colleague was not a
member of the Knights of the Golden Circle
who were at that time fighting us in the rear.
I certainly was not drawing the pay of a
member of Congress. I was elected in the fall
of 1802. I held my commission and continued
to serve until March 4, 1863, and on that very
day I resigned, and have the acceptance of the
Secretary of War of that date. While I might,
as it subsequently turned out, have continued to
serve as brigadier general and drawn pay as
such, not drawing the pay of member of Con-
gress at the same time, until December, I was at
that time in doubt about the question; and, sir,
not wishing to remain in doubt on the question
atall, I tenderedmyresignation,whenthe Secre-
tary of War sent for me, asked why I resigned,
discussed the point with me, and complimented
me by requesting me to remain in the service.
I told him no—that my constituents said I
should represent them, and I thought it my
duty to resign; and I did so, dating from
March 4, 1SG3. That is all I have to say on
that question.
Mr. 110SS. Mr. Speaker, allow me one
minute. I desire to say that any allusion to
my having been a member of the Knights of
the Golden Circle, or anything of that kind, is
entirely without any foundation in truth. I
never was a member of it. I never had any
sympathy with those who were tryingto destroy
the Government by rebellion, nor have I any
sympathy with those who are now trying to
destroy the Government.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I should like to ask
my colleague a question. I inquire whether
he did not repeatedly state upon the stump in
Illinois that this was an abolition war, an
unholy war; that he never had and never
would vote a single dollar out of the Treasury
to carry on such a war? I appeal to him for
! an answer.
Mr. ROSS. I tell my colleague I never
I said any such thing.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Or words to that
effect.
Mr. ROSS. Or words to that effect. I did
say that it was an abolition war; that it had
degenerated into the prosecution of a war for
abolition purposes. I objected to it as the rest
of the Democratic party did, the object of the
war having been turned from its original pur-
pose of the restoration of the Union.
The gentleman has charged me with having
voted against appropriations. I have not looked
up the particular bills to which he refers, but I
know that I voted for all necessary appropria-
tions unless there was something extremely ob-
noxious in the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As the gentleman
has answered my question I am, of course,
obliged to believe him ; but I am bound to tell
him I asked the question because I heard not
only before but this very morning he had so
spoken.
This very morning in this Hall I was informed
by a gentleman of the very highest respectabil-
ity that he had now in his possession a speech
made by my colleague in a lodge of the Knights'
of the Golden Circle, reported by a person who
was present, and he could produce it. I was
also told by another very creditable and relia-
ble gentleman that my colleague did repeatedly
on the stump all over his district say this was
an abolition war, an unholy war, and he never
would vote a dollar to carry it on. I presume
I can present the certificates or affidavits of
both of these gentlemen to the facts.
Mr. ROSS. If the gentleman can get affi-
davits that I was ever in a lodge of that kind
or had anything to do with it it will be false
in every respect. I never belonged to such a
lodge and never had anything to do with any.
I have always been for the Government.
president's message.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of considering the Pres-
ident's annual message.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into .
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the ]
Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and pro- !
ceeded to the consideration of the President's i
annual message, Mr. Blaine being entitled
to the floor. j
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, I am enti-
tled to one hour, of which I propose to yield >
thirty-five minutes to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Baker.] Iam not entirely prepared
to go on now, and I ask unanimous consent
that I may be allowed to speak, if at all to-day,
at the close of the session.
There being no objection it was understood
accordingly.
Mr. BLAINE. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Baker.]
the russian treaty', and tiie natural law
governing the growth of tiie republic.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Chairman, I propose to dis-
cuss the recent Russian Treaty, and the Natural
Law governing the growth of the Republic.
Russian America lies-between latitudes fifty-
four degrees forty minutes and seventy-on§
degrees twenty minutes north. It is in its most
southern reach about four hundred miles north
of our Pacific territory, and in its northern
limit it touches a line about eleven hundred
miles from the pole. It contains an area of five
hundred and sixteen thousand square miles,
and a population of fifty-four thousand souls,
composed almost entirely of Indian tribes, liv-
ing in a state of savage ignorance and pov-
erty, there being only afew hundred Russians
in the territory. It is almost, if not quite
wholly a detached hyperborean waste, lying
far north of British America, and either del-
uged with shivering rains in its southern and
western parts or glittering in perennial ice
and snow beneath the polar arch.
This territory we are invited to annex, at a
present cost of $7,200,000, and a probable pro-
spective annual cost of some millions of dollars
for its keeping.
Two questions arise for our determination :
first, the President and Senate having nego-
tiated with Russia for the territory, has Con-
gress legitimate power to defeat the purchase
by way of refusing the appropriation or other-
wise ? and secondly, the question of poweraside,
is it expedient to complete the purchase? I
have reached a definite conclusion as to both of
these questions. I think the treaty, though com-
plete in form, i3 inchoate in law, that is, is not
yet the supreme law of the land, until it receives
the free sanction of the legislative department
by way of approving the acquisition and appro-
priating the money ; and I think the acquisition
ought to be disapproved and the appropriation
refused.
I admit that the question of the legitimacy
of the legislative power, in such case and to such
an extent, is not without some difficulty, very
eminent men having held opposite views upon
the point—Madison, for instance, being on one
side and Washington on the other; but I am
well grounded in the conviction that the diffi-
culty comes of incomplete and inaccurate
thinking—that the sounder and safer opinion,
the one which is freest from embarrassments,
which best preserves the vitality and effectuates
the objects of all the parts of the Constitution
bearing on the subject, is that which asserts
the validity of the power.
Before stating in brief and definite forth the
legal logic of the question as it lies in my own
mind, 1 will produce a few extracts of opinion
which appear to me to embody great weight of
reason as well as authority.
On the 7th day of April, 1796, pending the
truly great debate upon the treaty with Great
Britain, popularly known as the Jay treaty,
the House of Representatives adopted the fol-
lowing resolution, introduced by Mr. Thomas
Blount, of North Carolina, by a vote of 57 to 35:
" lieoo/ved, That it being declared by the second sec-
tion ofthesecond Article of the Constitution that the
President shall have power, by and with the ailvico
of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two thirds
of the Senate presentehall concur, the Llou.se ol Rep-
resentatives do notclaim any agency in making trea-
ties; but that when a treaty stipulates regulations
on any of the subjects submitted by the Constitution
to the power of Congress, it must depend for its exe-
cution as to such stipulations on a law or laws to be
passed by Congress. And it is tho constitutional
right and duty of the House of Representatives in all
such eases to deliberate on the expediency or inex-
pediency of carrying such treaty into effect, and to
determine and act thereon as in their judgment may
be most conducive to the public good."
