3014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
with separately, because circumstances, laws,
institutions, everything t.hat relates to the pro-
priety of admitting one State, may have nothing
whatever to do with the propriety of admitting
some other State. Therefore, as a matter of
justice and expediency, there is no more pro-
priety in grouping all these States in one bill
than there would be in grouping all the bills
that are before any of the committees of this
body into one and putting them through.
But my objection, Mr. President, does not
depend simply upon the intrinsic propriety of
this. It depends upon specific objections,
which are controlling upon my mind, to the
admission of Alabama as a foil State at this
time. While I am willing to yield to that sense
of political expediency—and I do not use the
word "political" in a party sense—which my
associates have acted upon as to these other
States, although it disagrees with my own
opinion as to what we ought to do, as Senators
know, and therefore I go for this bill to admit
these other States, I cannot perceive how, con-
scientiously, in the discharge of my own duty,
I can bring myself to vote for this bill with
Alabama in it, because the case as to that
State stands upon an entirely different footing
from that of the other States. The principle
upon which we have attempted to proceed in
organizing these States has been that we would,
in the first place, get up over this territory
where the rebellion had been crushed, a mil-
itary government for the mere preservation of
order until some legal steps could be taken
for a complete and peaceful restoration of self-
government, to those communities. Then what
did we undertake to do?
Mr. TIPTON. Will the Senator give way
to a motion to adjourn?
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it is the pleasure of the
Senate; but I would just as leave talk now as
at any other time.
Mr. CONNESS. It is the pleasure of the
Senate to vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But before the vote is
taken on this bill I wish to state the reasons
why I shall vote against it; not for the particu-
lar benefit of Senators, but for the benefit of
myself and my constituents.
Mr. TIPTON. I desire to follow the example
of the Senator, and to give my reasons also for
voting for the proposition.
Mr. CONKLING and others. Let us finish
the bill to-niaht.
Mr. HENDRICKS and others. Let us
adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not intend to occupy
the time of the Senate either against its pleasure
or with its pleasure, because what I have to say
will not be long ; but before the vote is taken
on this proposition I intend to give the reasons
which make me desirous that the Senate should
leave Alabama to be considered by itself, and
I was proceeding to state those reasons.
1 had said, Mr. President, that we had estab-
lished a military government as the first step.
As the next step, and not at all connected with
military government except as incidental, was
the provisionthatwe made for restoring to these
people self-government. The first step in that
provision was to select from the population in
those States a defined and described class of
persorrs as the persons to whom we would com-
mit the first faculties of self-government, of
electing conventions and framing constitutions,
and to whom, in accordance with all our repub-
lican notions so far, those constitutions were
to be submitted for adoption or rejection.
We had thus first established order. We
had then selected a class of constituents into
whose hands we would put the government of
those States by a distinct classification and
definition of the faculties and qualities that
they should possess and exercise in perform-
ing those functions. Wo said to that people—
speaking now particularly of Alabama, although
it. applies to all the rest—" inasmuch as it is
known to the whole country that there is only
a small proportion of white men in that State
who are loyal.to the Government, inasmuch
as it in known to the whole country that the
large mass of the people who can exercise
these faculties in that State are persons who
have never exercised them before, and who
are just now, for the first lime, elevated into
the scale of social and political freedom, before
this constitution shall be inaugurated, before
even a convention shall be called to frame it, a
majority of all the classes to whom the right to
vote is given shall participate in selecting the
agents to whom that work is committed." That
was thought to be wise and republican. It
underwent debate in this body, and this body
declared as its judgment, and it so stood in
the law, that a majority of the whole number
should act upon the question of framing their
local State government.
When the bill passed the House of Repre-
sentatives, if I rightly recollect it, they even
went further than that, and required that a
majority of the whole number registered should
vote for a convention and for the constitution ;
but as we left the law we required that a major-
ity of the whole voting body should act upon
the question; and the only object we had in
that, the great object I had in doing the little
that I could and did to further that project,
was to induce those people who were entitled
to register and who had yet been hostile to the
Government and who were hostile to giving
suffrage to the blacks to come forward and
participate in the formation of governments,
to give them, if they were opposed to negro
suffrage, the opportunity of registering and
putting themselves on record as a body of men
who were willing to act in the reorganization
of the State, even if they acted in opposition
to the views which the majority here enter-
tained of referring suffrage to the blacks ;
because it was perfectly well understood—at
least I believed—that if we left it in any other
wise this great mass of people would hang
back and would take no participation at all in
the formation of these governments, and then
we should be told all over the North, and with
great force and plausibility, that we had remit-
ted these governments to the blacks solely, and
that none but the blacks had participated in
the formation of them ; and the object of that
would have been to produce a political revolu-
tion in the North which would restore the
Democratic party to power, who would then
recognize nobody but these rebels who had
refused to take part in forming these govern-
ments, and our emancipated blacks would have
had a very poor chance of voting after that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator yield
to a motion to adjourn?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg that my friend from
Indiana will excuse me, because my own polit-
ical friends insist upon going on.
Mr. HENDIilCItS. I was going to suggest
that evidently Senators of the majority are not
giving the closest attention to the debate, and
it is utterly impossible for any gentleman to
discuss this question satisfactorily as the Sen-
ate is now organized in its present fatigued
condition. Therefore, if the Senator will allow
me, I will move an adjournment
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am much obliged to my
friend. I know that he and his colleagues pay
attention always, particularly to doctrines that
they donotliko, [laughter;] butinasmnch as my
friends on this side like the doctrines 1 preach,
I do not ask them to pay attention if they will
only not make so much noise as to prevent my
hearing myself. As I stated before, what I
am saying is in self-defense, and not in the
expectation, I am sorry to say, of convincing
a single Senator on this side of the Chamber of
the propriety of my views; and as what I am
saying is in self-defense, I do not ask anybody
to listen to me.
Mr. President, this was the object^so far as
it influenced my action, for which tliis provis-
ion was inserted in the law that authorized
the people of Alabama to form a State govern-
ment. It had precisely the effect that I, for
one, expected and intended that it should have,
and that was to bring to the registry, and thus
to induce them to take the first step in reor-
ganizing the State government, the whole body ;
of the people of that State, white as well as
black, those who had been engaged in the
rebellion as well as those who had suffered for
their patriotic adherence to the right side.
There was one step. They were committed.
The southern Democrats—and I use the term
in no offensive sense—who had been, every
man of them almost, rebels, were committed'
to the policy of taking a step under this author-
ity of Congress in the great work of restoration
and reconstruction, a step from which they
could not recede. They had chosen volunta-
rily to register, and we all know that it was
after great hesitation and with much fear and
trembling that they did it. One half of their
papers in the first place, at the outset, endeav-
oredtopreventtheirdoingit, lorthe very reason
I have now suggested; but it was done. Then
a convention was called, a constitution was
framed, and the same law which declared that
they should act so far still declared that a
majority of the whole body must participate in
order to give any vitality at all to that consti-
tution. Wo all know that so far as the record
goes, so far as we have the official returns upon
which we are acting, that majority did not
participate.
To be sure I know it is said that this is
excused by the fact that some were prevented
from going "to the polls who would otherwise
have gone ; that in some places there were no
elections held; and therefore a reasonable
horoscope is cast of some supposed future to
show that there would be a majority acting if
circumstances had been more favorable. Mr.
President, that is a singular argument to ad-
dress to a body of men as showing that a law
is complied with, or substantially complied
with, because it is pure speculation and noth-
ing else. We sometimes oust a man from an
office to which he was elected by fraud, be-
cause there the fraud is an affirmative act, and
once investigated it turns out that he has no
title to the office ; but where did you ever hear
of a man being installed into office on the
ground that his election was prevented by
fraud when he did not get any votes at all ?
That is practically this question ; because,
although it was not a question of an election
between two different, distinct sets of men, the
law said that there must be a majority of the
votes cast, and now it happens that by some
popular tumult or other cause a majority of
votes was not cast at all. You do not know,
except by mere speculation, which way they
would have been cast if the whole number had
voted. So, acting upon that mere specu-
lation, assuming that if a majority of votes
had been cast there would have been a major-
ity for your side, you undertake to say that
that has been done which the proof shows has
not been done.
Mr. President, is that right; I am not now
arguing the propriety of the original proposi-
tion itself as it affects the final question ; but
lam saying this: when you lay down to the
people a ground or principle upon which they
should be entitled to form a government for
themselves, and they do not act upon that
ground or principle, can you say that the gov-
ernment is nevertheless formed when it is to
be a government of that people, when they are
the persons to whom you have remitted, and
to whom you must remit if you believe in
republicanism at all, the right of declaring
whether they will have that constitution or not.
You point out to them the method by which
their will shall be ascertained, and then when
you apply the test of that method you find that
by their will, as you have prescribed their tak-
ing the evidence of it, it has not been adopted,
are you to turn around, acting upon repub-
lican principles, and say that that which has
not been done according to your own formula
shall nevertheless be treated as done, and
impose a constitution, if it be as perfect as the
sermon on the mount, upon a community much
less than one half of whom have, so far as the
record goes, voted for it or npon it at all ?
That is certainly not republican.
If we were establishing amere territorial gov-
