1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
60T
Such was the opinion of tie House of Repre-
sentatives of the Fourth Congress, expressed
by a large relative majority, and retracted by
no vote upon the particular question from that |
day to this. Mr. Madison remarked that, " this j
was the first instance in which a foreign treaty
had been made since the establishment of the
Constitution, and the first time the treaty-mak-
ing power had come under formal and accurate
discussion." The resolution was adopted for
the very purpose of rebutting the opinion ex- !
pressed in the message of President Washing- j
ton, which was in effect that Congress right-
fully possessed no other option but to auto-
matically legislate in execution of the treaty.
Mr. Madison, who heartily supported and voted
for the resolution, said of the message that it
drew "none of its reasoning from the text of
the Constitution," that "it had merely affirmed
that the power of making treaties is exclusively
vested by the Constitution in the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate:" and that "nothing more was necessary
on this point than to observe that the Consti-
tution had as expressly and exclusively vested
in Congress the power of making laws as it had
vested in the President and Senate the power
of making treaties."
Mr. Madison argued the question at much
length, and with extraordinary ability and
earnestness. I am clear that his reasoning
utterly overbears the message of Washington.
With his characteristic accuracy and analysis
he stated five constructions which had been or
might be placed upon the treaty-making power,
all of which he discarded except the last, which j
he regarded as the true one. To his statement !
of this view, which I regard as exceedingly I
clear and powerful, I invite the particular j
attention of the House: 1
"He tame next to the fifth construction, which left,
■with the President and Senate the power of making
treaties, but required at the same time the legislative
Function and cooperation in those eases where the
Constitution had given express and specific powers
to the Legislature. It was to be presumed that in
all such cases the Legislature would exercise its
authority with discretion, allowing due weight to
the reasons which led to the treaty. Still, however,
tliis House, in its legislative capacity, must exercise
its reason; it must deliberate, lor deliberation is
implied in legislation. If it must carry all treaties
into effect it would no longer exercise legislative
power; it would be the mere instrument of tho will
of another department, and would have no will of its
rrtvn. Where the Constitution contains a specific
and peremptory injunction on Congress to do a
Particular act Congress must, of course, do the act,
ecause the Constitution, which is paramount over
all the departments, has expressly taken away the ]
legislative discretion of Congress. The case is esSen- ,
tially different where tho act of one department of i
Government interferes with a power expressly vested I
in another and no where expressly taken away; here !
the latter power must be exercised according to its
nature, and if it be a legislative power it must be
exercised with that deliberation and discretion which
is essential to the nature of legislative power."
Surely it must be admitted that there is very
great weight of reason in this opinion of Mad- ;j
ison, and i leave it without comment, to stand j
upon its own strength.
That greatest of American judges, Chief
Justice Marshall, by whom reason was so 1
much more prized than authority, was of pre-
cisely the same opinion with Mr. Madison. ,
In the case of Foster vs. Neilson, 2 Peters, page
253, he said: !
"Oar Constitution declares a treaty to be the law
of the land. It is consequently to be regarded in i[
courts of justice as equivalent to an act of the Legis- |1
lature, whenever it operates of itself, without the aid
of any legislative provision. But when the terms of
the stipulation import a contract, when either of the !
parties engages to perform a particular act, the treaty j
addresses itself to the political, not the judicial,
department, and the Legislature must execute the
contract before it can become a rule for the court"— i
that is, before it becomes the supreme law of
the land, for the moment it becomes such it of
course addresses itself to and is binding upon
the court. '
I will next state in exact form, and in the
most summary manner possible, the view 1 ;
entertain of the question. ;|
1. The Constitution confers, in general terms,
the treaty-making power on the {'resident and
Senate, that is, in terms that do not specify the !|
particular objects covered by the power. 11
2. It confers, in specific terms, various pow-
ers on Congress; the Constitution being equally
the warrant and authority for both classes of
powers.
3. It happens that this general treaty-making
power must sometimes embrace in the scope
of its negotiation objects the power over which
is vested by the Constitution exclusively in
Congress, and then it calls in the aid of the
Legislature to help out its own inadequacy of
power to perfect the negotiation.
■t. When the legislative department is thus
called on to make a law with a view to perfect-
ing a treaty negotiation, it acts by virtue of
power specifically and exclusively conferred on
it by the Constitution, just as the treaty-mak-
ing power has acted by virtue of power gene-
rally conferred upon, it by the same instrument;
and both within their respective spheres must
act with equal freedom, because both act by
virtue of a warrant of equal dignity. To say
in such a case that the treaty is already per-
fect, that it is already the supreme law of the
land, and hence binding upon the freedom of
the legislative, is to assert that that is supreme
law by force of the Constitution, upon which,
in fact, the Constitution has not yet exhausted
its force ; which, I submit, has very much the
appearance of a legal absurdity.
6. The Constitution provides that treaties
made "under the authority of the United
States" shall be the supreme law of the land.
'"Authority of the United States," as it stands
in the Constitution, means not a part but the
whole of the authority of the United States
appertaining to the subject, and all treaties in
which such entire authority of the United
States has expressed itself are undoubtedly the
supreme law, and binding upon every depart-
ment of the Government. Such is the case„
with every treaty which, in the language of
Chief Justice Marshall, "operates of itself
without the aid of any legislative provision."
All such treaties embody in themselves a com-
plete expression of the "authority" of the
United States, and therefore become at once
the supreme law. And such is the case with
all treaties which have received the concurrent
sanction of Congress in the needed exercise
of some power committed to Congress. These,
too, become supreme law, embodying, as they
then do, the full "authority" of the United
States, duly expressed through the several
agencies provided by the Constitution. In a
case, however, where the President and Sen-
ate have acted, but where something else is
required to be done, the doing of which the
Constitution has submitted exclusively to Con-
gress, a part but not the full and entire "au-
thority of the United States" is expressed;
and the negotiation, therefore, at this stage, is
not supreme law, nor consequently binding on
the freedom of the legislative department.
6. The foregoing view is not only reasonable
in itself, but it is powerfully supported by that
great and often-employed rule of construction,
that in a case of interfering parts of a contract,
statute, or constitution, the whole, if practica-
ble, should be so construed as to stand to-
gether. In the instance before us it would be
a gross violation of this rule to prostrate so
many great legislative powers specifically
granted in the Constitution before a general
power of no higher authority. Under this per-
version the President and Senate might, for
example, swallow up the power to regulate
commerce with foreign nations, which the
Constitution has devolved expressly upon
Congress; for they might in the form of trea-
ties stipulate with all commercial nations the
terms upon which they should trade to our
ports ; and if we assume that treaties thus over-
lapping and involving the specific powers of
Congress are yet the supreme law of the land
before receiving the sanction of Congress,
there would be no remedy but to submit. Can-
didly, it appears to me that such a notion of
the treaty-making power in its relation to the
powers of Congress is as absurd in law as it is
mischievous in tendency.
7. But aside from tho plain power of Con-
gress to act according to its own free discre-
tion in appropriating money for the purchase
of new territory—which might be a hundred
or two hundred millions as well as the sum wu
are now called upon to vote—there is another
ground upon which I rest the power of Con-
gress to reject such a treaty. The Constitution
provides that "new States may be admitted by
the Congress into this Union," and thus Con-
gress is made the sole judge of what new ele-
ments shall enter into the political body of the
Republic. This great power, than which none
can more deeply and permanently affect the
welfare of the nation, is virtually stricken down
and removed from Congress if the treaty-mak-
ing power can, of its own motion, and without
the sanction of Congress"buy a State and bring
it to onr door. Potentially, and in its neces-
sary effect, this controls the admission of such
State into the Union—for our system is totally
hostile to the policy of permanently governing
an outlying territory as a province. The
rational and effectual exercise of the power,
to be of any real avail, must commence at the
moment that it is proposed to bring a new ter-
ritory and a new people within the domain and
jurisdiction of the Republic. This should not
be done without the sanction of Congress,
whether the treaty of acquisition involves an
appropriation or not, else that most vital power
to admit new States into the Union—to modify
the composition of the Republic—becomes
merely a ministerial one.
Sir, for the foregoing reasons, I am perfectly
convinced that Congress possesses rightful
power to reject the treaty sent to us by the
President—both by way of refusing the appro-
priationand upon the general ground that Con-
gress possesses th® power to concur or not con-
cur in any treaty for the acquisition of new
territory.
I proceed next to the question of expediency.
I think it inexpedient to acquire these Russian
possessions for a minor and for a greater rea-
son. The minor, though important reason,
springs out of the character of the country and
its inhabitants, and the present and prospective
drain which its purchase will entail upon our
Treasury. In view of our existing financial
condition, I am satisfied we should create no
additional source of public expense except for
real and necessary cause. I am also satisfied
that in the present case there is no such justi-
fying cause for taking on a new financial bur-
den—and upon this I say no more.
The greater reason springs outof my intense
conviction that the enlargement of our domain
at the present time is a dangerous mistake, as
beiag iw violation of that Natural Law which
prescribes the healthful growth of nations; and
upon this I desire for a time to fix the attention
of the House.
There is a natural law regulating the growth
of all things. This law applies with inexora-
ble rigor to the growth of nations. It is not
more certainly present in the tree, in the ani-
mal, than it is in the State. The law is that
the well-being of the growing vegetable, ttie
growing animal, the growing nation, is best
conserved by appropriating extraneous mate-
rial at such time and in such measure that it
may be harmoniously assimilated. This is the
law of all healthy growth, as it is the law of
longevity and true strength. Its violation leads
to blight, to ill-compacted organization, and
premature dissolution.
The Roman empire, which sought to reduce
under one sway the best parts of Europe, Asia,
and Africa, was an enormous glutton. It vio-
lated the natural law of growth; it. consumed
beyond its power of digestion. It took prov-
ince after province into its rapacious maw in
such rapid succession that it never assimilated
them to the Roman life. In its hasty greed to
kindle the fire of Roman civilization to a greater
volume it piled smothering, extinguishing loads
uponrae flame. With an area of six million
square miles, extending I'rom the Euphrates
to the British Isles, and from the southern
confines of Germany to the mountains of
Africa; with a population of one hundred and
