1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3015
ernment in that place, we should not need to
consult the will of that people, because the peo-
ple of a Territory, or of a conquered State, are
so far at the will of the ruling power; but Sen-
ators seem to forget that this act which is now
to be done, must of necessity be the act of that
people, and it must be the act of that people
derived from the affirmative action of the voters
going to the polls and putting in their ballots,
which is the only evidence recognized so far
of giving any validity or vitality to a man's
vote. I never heard in any contested election
between man and man of a person's vote being
counted for one candidate or another unless he
wentto the polls. No man was ever ousted from
any office, or from any place to which he had
been elected, on account of the fact that some-
body was prevented from voting for the other
man who would have a right.
Mr. MORTON. Are you not acting on that
very principle?
Mr. EDMUNDS. How? '
Mr. MORTON. By proposing that every
man who did not go to the polls from any cause
should be counted as voting against the consti-
tution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; we are not act-
ing on that principle. We did not declare that
every man who did not go to the polls from any
cause should be counted as voting against the
constitution.
Mr. MORTON. That is the effect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There being one hundred
and fifty thousand men in the State who are
entitled of right to exercise the fapulty of decid-
ing whether they will have a constitution or not,
we declare that there must be at least a majority
of those men who shall be willing to say one
way or the other before it becomes the consti-
tution of the whole. But, as I said, Mr. Pres-
ident, I am not defending at this moment, and
I do not want to take time to defend it, the
intrinsic propriety of that provision, except so
far as I have already spoken of it as a necessary
inducement, a coercive inducement almost, I
may say, morally so, to the persons who had
been rebels in these States, to come forward
and register. I am speaking of the fact as it
is, that this became a part of the law, which
could not be misunderstood by anybody, upon
solemn debate in the two Houses of Cougress.
As such it was sent to these people, and as
such a majority of that people did that which
was equivalent to complying with the law in
such way that, by force of that law, the con-
stitution was not adopted. That is the propo-
sition.
Mr. President, that being the law—and, as
I have said, I do not want to take time to dis-
cuss whether it is right or not in any other
sense than that in which I have now spoken
of it—the question is whether we can, consist-
ently with our duty to our principles of repub-
lican faith, undertake to say that a constitution
which we have submitted to a people, and which
has by that people been rejected, shall never-
theless be imposed upon that people, and the
government organized by it be inaugurated
under it, and men put into the possession of
offices of all kinds, ministerial, executive,
iudicial, military, who are to gown that peo-
ple. when that election was nothing but straw,
i'rom the fact that the very constitution under
which the election was held never received any
validity or vitality at all, that it receives its
first validity and vitality from this enactment
that you are about to pass. T hat is what gives
it vitality and validity, not the consent of a
majority of that people ascertained in theonly
way you can ascertain the consent of a majority
of that people, according to the previously
provided and arranged method of ascertaining
it, but according to your own speculative will
now : and you therefore set up a State by the
sheer force of your legislative will now, ana
by that same will put every department of its
government into the hands ot persons who,
for aught we know, would not one of them
have been selected to fulfill these functions by
that people if your law had been so arranged
as to require every man, in order to have his
wishes known, come out and vote. How do
we have a right to know that any one of these
officers would have been elected if the majority
who stayed at home, and who, therefore, knew
the constitution could not be adopted, had by
your law been called upon to come out and
vote, and who might possibly have voted for
somebody else?
I know it is a very easy answer to make to
this to say that it is altogether probable that
the thing would have come out just as it did.
That is setting up States upon the basis of
merely an imaginary republicanism. We might
say at any time that possibly the people of the
State of Vermont or of Oregon would prefer
some constitution that we should impose upon
them and some Governors that we should send
there much better than those they would elect.
There might be a faction there who would
make us believe that, and therefore the argu-
ment would be " let us impose it upon them,
they will bo satisfied with it; a majority are
probably for it." The trouble is, Mr. Presi-
dent, that under a republican form of govern-
ment, the only method of knowing whether a
majority is for or against a thing is by trying the
question, and letting the majority say through
the ballot-box whether they are for it or against
it. We have undertaken to do that, and we
have found, according to the very method we
have prescribed, that a majority were against
this constitution, and not for it; and judging
from some of the provisions there are in it, I
do not blame them at all. I should have voted
against it myself. I think every honest man—
and I know my friend from Indiana [Mr. Mor-
ton] is one—on looking at one of its provis-
ions to which my friend from New York [Mr.
Coxklixg] called attention to-day, would have
been obliged to vote against it. I refer to the
provision which was nothing but a sheer and
barefaced attempt to wrest private property
from its owners wherever that property was on
the shore of a navigable stream. I do not know
that this had any influence; I do not know
what sort of constituencies there are in Ala-
bama ; but I have a right to presume that a
provision in a constitution which is repugnant
to our sense of justice, which shocks aH the
notions we have of government and of right,
ought to he distasteful to the people of Ala-
bama. And yet this constitution, not having
been examined by the committee who reported
this bill, because the committee thought it was
unwise to clog and endanger the admission of
these other States by; this different and sepa-
rate question, it is, with all its faults and frail-
ties, and with the officers elected under it, to
be set up by force of this bill over that people,
without even an examination.
Mr. CONNESS. Does the Senator under-
take to tell us that the Judiciary Committee, of
which he is a member, to whom the bill was
referred containing Alabama, struck Alabama
out, and recommended the Senate to adopt
their report without having examined the case
of Alabama at all, thus denying to us the right
to the knowledge we sought on that question
by referring it to them?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not say any such
thing, Mr. President. If my friend paid atten-
tion to what I said he would have known that
I did not say any such thing; and if he did not
pay attention, he has misrepresented what I
said. I said that this constitution was not
examined by the committee with a view to act-
ing upon it as a constitution, for the reason that
the committee were of opinion that, on account
of the peculiar difference between the case of
this State and of the others, it ought not to be
in the bill; and having determined that, it ought,
for those reasons, not to be in the bill, we did
not think it necessary to undertake to provide
fundamental conditions in regard to the con-
stitution of a State which was not going into
the bill. That is what I said; and I thmk
there is some reason in that. We should have
presented a very extraordinary spectacle to
this body if we bad reported in favor ot striking
out Alabama on the ground I have stated, and
also provided that there should bo certain fund-
amental conditions in her case after she was
struck out, which would be the effect of such
a course as my friend from California refers to.
I have stated my position, and I trust my friend
now does not misunderstand me.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not think I misunder-
stand the Senator, and I am perfectly willing
to let the matter stand as it does in the report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, Mr. President, the
question is whether it is wise and right for a
majority of this body to insist upon grouping
with the case of the States which we are all willing
should pass in the way they are now left a
State which stands upon an entirely different
principle, let it be right or wrong, one which
has merits or demerits of its own that are not
applicable to the others, and which ought, there-
fore, in all justice and fairness, to be considered
by itself, so that every gentleman can give an
intelligent vote on each branch of the proposi-
tion.
If my friend from California and my friend
from Connecticut believed that the case of
Florida was one which, under the peculiar cir-
cumstances of that case, ought not to go there,
why ought they to be compelled to vote to carry
that through against their consciences in order
to carry through the other five that they did
believe in? And why ought I to be com-
pelled, if it were possible to compel me, to
vote to put Alabama through the approval of
this body because I believe that the case of
Georgia and the case of Louisiana and the
case of the other States is one upon which I
may well act with my party and political friends?
That is the question. In bills which relate to
one subject an amendment may be proper that
concerns one item of that subject; and if there
was any necessary relation between the case
of Alabama and the other States, there would
be some sense in having them all in the same
bill; but we all know, us I said before, that
this is the first instance in the history of the
country where the case of one State lias been
entangled orconnected with the case of another ;
where the constitution of one State, good or
bad, has been attempted to be carried through
upon the strong back of some other constitu-
tion that has been clearly adopted on the prin-
ciples laid down by your organic law. There
would be just as much propriety in adding
Colorado to this bill; and I am almost aston-
ished that some of my friends have not proposed
that, and thus ride that through, although it
has been once rejected in this body. I am not
now speaking of its merits ; but I say there
would be just as much propriety in putting
Colorado upon this bill as there is in putting
Alabama upon it. Then it would be said to
every friend of Colorado, " Colorado is a clear
case; never mind about your doubts and diffi-
culties as to anv other States; never mind what
their constitutions are; you have one good
provision in the bill, and therefore put it through
with all the others." That is unjust, Mr. Pres-
ident: it is wrong; it is a dangerous prece-
dent 111 legislation; and the time may come
within the lives and the official presence of
some of us here when we shall be exceedingly
sorry that we had any hand in setting a prece-
dent of this description.
Mr. President, I promised not to occupy
more time than was sufficient to state my own
position in self-defense. I have now stated the
reasons why I am so desirous that the Senate
should leave Alabama out of this bill and leave
her to be considered by herself. The Judi-
ciary Committee are not blind to the necessi-
ties of that people. They are desirous that
they shall be provided for immediately, ihero
is no want of harmony or concert m the com-
mittee on that subject. We are only waiting
to have this bill disposed of to bring forward a
bill which the Senate, if they then think upon
the merits of Alabama alone, should admit her
as a full State at once, will permit them to do
it t or if they think it better, as my friend from
Nevada [Mr. SteWABt] did the other day when
he introduced a bill for that purpose, to set
them up as aprovisional State until, according
to republican principles, their constitution cau
