4040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
stored at Florence, in the State of South Carolina,
and over two hundred bales, part of it sea-island,
were stored at Sumter: that the confederate army
retreating before General Sherman burned the cot-
ton at Florence, and that after the surrender of
Charleston some national troops, under the command
of General Potter, made a raid on Sumter and burned
the cotton there.
The petitioner concedes that the Government is not
legally liable, either for her services, her charities,
or her losses: she never expected any compensation
for either. Andalfchough she found her family atthe
close of the war reduced from affluence to poverty it
was no part of her purpose to ask any recognition
from the Government of the sacrifices which sho had
made, or of the sacrifices to which she had beensub-
jected. Her trust was that business would return to
Charleston with peace, and that with returning busi-
ness the fortunes of her husband would revive. That
hope has been disappointed, and she now feels com-
pelled by necessity to ask of the Government some
return for what she and her family have dono and
suffered.
The loyalty of the petitioner and her husband, and
the excellence of their personal characters, are ap-
proved by Senators who have known them for yeais,
and by many prominent eitizens who havo enjoyed
the same advantage, and some of whom reside in
this city, and some els where.
The tireless diligence displayed by Mrs. Potter in
her care of our siclc and imprisoned soldiers is at-
tested by a voluminous correspondence submitted to
your committee, to which correspondence such sol-
diers and their friends in different; portions of the
country are parties.
The nature and extent of the services rendered by
Mrs. Potter are graphically stated by Mr. Fredrick 11.
Jackson, formally a sergeantin the seventh regiment
of Connecticut infantry, and now a clerk in the
Treasury Department.
Mr. Jackson was himself one of the subjects of
Mrs. Potter's care. Iiis own good character and
truthfulness are vouched for by one ot the Senatois
from that State. His statement is as follows:
"Washington, D. C., June 18,186S.
Honorable Sirs : Your chairman, Senator IIowe,
having requested me to put in writing a short state-
ment that I made to him in the committee-room this
morning, I now comply, adding such facts as during
my short audience with the honorable gentleman X
was unablo to state, and which 1 think will befurther
proof of the loyalty and devotion to theUnion cause
of the noble woman in whose bohalf the statement
was lhade:
I, Fred. ft. Jackson, formerly a sergeant in com-
pany F, seventh Connecticut volunteer infantry, lost
my left arm in an attack made by the United States
troops upon Fort Lamar, at Secessionville, James
Island, South Carolina, June 16,1862. X lost my arm
at five a.m.; lay upon the field until half past ten
p. m., whenlwas taken prisonerandcarriedthrough
the earthwork which wo had attacked to a house m
tho rear, where my arm was amputated. The ampu-
tation took place after I had been stripped of all my
clothing. I lay,upon the bare floor of the house until
late in the afternoon of June 19,1862, when I{ with
others who were severely wounded, was placed upon
a tug-boat and taken to Charleston, South Carolina:
arriving there alter dusk oi the same day, I was
transferred with the rest to a building known as tho
Mart, and which then was styled the Mart hospital*
upon Queen street, nearChurch street. I was placed
in a cell upon tho third lloor. "When I was carried
into it there were six already in it; one more was
brought in after mo, making eight in all in the cell.
1 was wiappcd up in a horse blanket, whichsmelled
as though fre^h irom the stable, when put on board
of the boat to be taken to Charleston. This blanket
was rotnoved from me when put into the cell, and I
was laid naked upon the floor and hearth, with my
head resting in a pile of wood ashe^ in the lire-place.
A small piece of dirty cloth was laid over me to hide
my body from waist to feet. 1 laid therein that con-
dition until about ten a. m. next day, when one of
the nurses (an Irishman by the name of Flynn, who
was a confederate soldier) oame and brought mc a
bmall piece of xieat and a small piece of corn bread
or cake. Soon after he appeared and washed the
stump of my arm with cold water, although not
effectually enough to cleanse it of the maggots which
literally covered it. In washing it ho allowed the
water to run under my shoulder and head, and that,
together with the perspiration which the weakness
of my body naturally caused, coming in contact with
the wood ashes under my head and neck, made a lye
wmch ran down the entire length of my back, and
m the space ot a few hours my back was one large,
raw sore.
I think it was the second morning (June 21,13G2)
after my arrival m Charleston that Mrs. L. T. Potter,
m company with a gentleman, came into the Mart
hospital, and went through the various cells and
saw our condition. She immediately sent out and
had food of sufficient quantify and most excellent
quality cooked for us. She also obtained clothing,
such as shirts, drawers, and socks, &c„ (for we were
all in an almost nude condition,) towels, soap, tooth-
biushes, cups, sponges, and cologne, and had almost
aii of the men (.forty-nine) on mattresses, before
seven p.m. A large, broad, and very soft lounge
"was obtained for me. She supplied us all with
sheets and pillows, and within three days each man
had a mosquito-bar resting over his bed on a liame-
work. After this sho came every day, bringing suf-
iieieat and excellent food fur all, anu often custard,
arrow-root, lemons. &c.. for such as could not oat
heavy food. Occasionally she brought us delicacies
that one or two of her friends had given her tor us.
Every second or third day she furnished clean
under-clothing- for us all, and, as fust as occasion
required, all articles which necessarily pertain to a
hospital where wounded men are lying. Almost
daily she brought her son Fred., a young man about
fourteen years of age, who performed such services
for us as it was not proper that she should. Ho
actually performed all of tho menial services of a
hired man-nurse.
Alter she first came to us she came daily (Sundays
not excepted) at about nine a. m.,"and distributed to
those who had soiled clothes the clean clothing sho
had brought. "While the men were donning their
clean garments in ono cell, sho would be in another
dressing the wounds of all there, taking always tho
worst wounded first.
The wounds of all literally swarmed with mag-
gots, and, as the surgeon who had u& in charge took
no steps to keep them from our wounds, she herself
took the matter in hand, and procured, as often as
was necessary, all of the "labarague" that was
needed. (This was tho name by which we knew the
solution; so named, I understand, from its discov-
erer or original maker. I believe it is otherwise
known as solution of chloride of soda.) The wounds
of some discharged so much that it was actually
necessary to change their clothing two and three
times a day. I havo in mind now the case of a man
named Cole, of tho eighth Mieliigan infantry, whom
Mrs. Potter always gavo daily three changes of
clean linen, and another by the name of McVeigh,
of the sauio regiment, 1 remember was always given
the samo.
This man Cole complained that his mattress was
not high enough above tho waist; he wanted to be
propped up; so Mis. Potter had an inclined plane
made for him, and he used it until he was sent-to
Celumbia, South Carolina. All of this clothing sho
procured, bought and distributed herself. She daily
had two or threelargebasketsofsoilodelothestaken
away by the washerwoman, whom to my knowledge
she paid out of her own pocket, I know this from
having heard the washerwoman talking with her
about it in the entry by our cell.
In addition to all this she never entered our cell
door in the morning without being followed by a
negro carrying a basket of peaches and ripe figs, and
frequently watermelons and cantelopos. Shealways
carried upon her own arm a basket in which she
brought us brandy-indwino and sometimes cordials.
The day never passed during the two months I was
in Charleston that Mrs. Potter did not bring for tho
eiglitin our cell either brandy, wine or cordial, "which
sho distributed around after dressing our wounds,
which sho always Aid in the most tender and motherly
manner, talking to us, when not watched by the
guard or nurses, kindly, and in a lively vein, appar-
ently striving to keep up the spirits of all. Those in
the other cells were treated in precisely the same way.
She furnished all with pipes and smoking tobacco, and
those that chewed with chewing tobacco. (A paper
of "Solace'' cost then two dollars; a paper of "Mrs.
Miller's" put up in blue paper, seventy-five cents.)
We were never, while in Charleston, out of this
article; in fact, all of us carried tobacco away with
us when we wentfrom Charleston to Columbia. When
we were sent to Columbia she furnished every man
with coat, pants, boots.(or shoes,)caps, shirts,drawers,
socks and towels, besides many with handkerchiefs.
She generally remained with us until four or five
o'clock p. m., always busy either'waiting upon us or
mendi'ig our clothcs when they were worn, and I
have known her upon two or throe occasions to stay
until eleven o'clock p. m. The guards at the lower
door always used to stop her and examine her ser-
vant's baskets, but sho hired them by giving them
money, and in some cases clothes for their children,
not to examine hers. Once she came into our cell
quite asritated, and upon Captain Pratt's asking.
Why, Mrs. Potter, you seem quite agitated—what
is the matter?" sho replied, 4,A7ot much, only the
guards charged bayonots on me at the lower door
when 1 attempted to come in, and I had to coax and
finally to push my way in; it seeius they had oiders
to stop m<\" or words to that effect. I think,
however, 1 have given the conversation verbatim.
Finally hhc was stopped, and through the doctor and
by means of money, she got permission from head-
quarters of General Pemberton to visit us.
After a long talk he (the doctor) was told—-so I
understood at the time—that " if she was such a fool
as to spend her money on those Yankees, why then
let her, as she claims British protection." She came
to us regularly, day by day, against all opposition
and tho entreaties of former friends, many of whom
had not only said that they " would no longer recog-
nize her as a friend," but actually went so far as to
insult her upon the public street. These tacts wo
learned from others, who knew Mrs. Potter, and who
know of the insults above stated. She herself never
complained of any trouble that she encountered on
account of visiting us, and never would let us know
any of the trials which she sustained on our account.
The nurses which the rebels placed over us were two
Irishmen in the confederate service and one Irish
woman. Although.I believe the confederate gov-
ernment furnished us with something approaching
to full rations, we never got ono-tcnth part of a
ration. In fact when able to walk, (about five weeks
after I was put into the cell,)! went one day into the
cell opposite ours, (the doors being left open, as all
were too weak to make any attempt to escape,) and
looked out of tho window fronting on Queen street.
While there I saw theman Fiynn go out of tlielower
door with an uncovered basket full of meat and corn
bread. The nurses have said in my presence that
'we did not need any government ration, as Mrs.
Potter fed us all more than anybody could get at any
oi the hotels." I suppose that was the reason they
stoie our government rations. Certain it is that dur-
ing the latter part of our imprisonment n-one of us
got any of the confederate rations. The man Flynn
was continually drunk. We usegl to think that he
stole our rations for liquor. His duty was to wash
our wounas, so the doctor told him, twice a day, in
the morning and in the evening; but he never washed
the wounds of any in our cell in the morning, and
but seldom in the evening. In the morning either
Mrs. Potter or her son Fred would wash my wound
and tho wounds of the others in tho ceil. It was
always tho first attention wo had in the morning.
She and herson did the samo ior all in the other cells.
The man Flynn would sometimes come up and sit in
the entry in tho evening, opposite our ceii door, and
smoke; when Galled to come and dress our wounds,
ho would curse us and call us all of the evil names
ho could make his vile tongue utter. We used to
hire him to come in and wash and dress our wounds.
I have often paid him five dollars to comcin with his
pan of water and dress my own wound. The money
that I did this with was given by Mrs. Putter. Shegave
all of us all the money we wanted. There was not a
man in that prison butthat had all he wanted, .and
none of them asked for it. She came around daily
And offeredit to all insumsof ten,fifteen, and twenty
dollars. Captain Pratt once, to my knoweldge.took
fifty dollars. If any of us were nearly out, she
always pressed more upon us. We used it to hire
the nurses to do what we wanted done when she was
not there; also to send out for anything we wanted
in her absence.
Wo seldom got any change back.no matter what
the price of the article sent for. One of our officers
once sent out, shortly after our arrival, a gold piece,
which he had managedtoket*p,in paymentforsome-
thing ho wanted, and only got back a few "confed-
erate shinplasteis;" they charged the regular price,
but would give no premium for gold, as they said
"it was a prison offense to deal in United States
money;" no citizen could use it for fear of being
imprisoned. Tho money Mrs. Potter gave us was
confederate money, but it was worth just as much
there, it seems, as our own money. " She dared not
circulate our money," she said. From hearsay, we
all knew, or thought, that Mr. Potter was one of the
richest men in Charleston, and that Mrs Potter was
rich in her own right. Shesent us money while in
Columbia. I received money from her while there
four or five times; once she sent it through an offieer
who had been a friend of hers from early life; he
ha-ppened to be "officer of tho day" soon alter, and
then came in and gave it to us. For this he was
arrested and kept under arrest for a year. When in
Columbia we corresponded with her, addressing her
by an assumed name at times, bat wo never told her
of our troubles and sufferings there, feeling that sho
had done so much for us, and knowing that she still
had many to do for there. She earnestly desired
to know our wants, saying that she would supply
them, but we could not bear to write her of them*, as
we knew it would sorely grievo her. We did not
realize that wo were prisoners while under her eare,
but after a few hours' stay in Columbia we knew
only too well what it meant to bo in a rebel prison.
Holmes and Gilbert of my regiment, and others of
other regiments, who died atthe Mart hospital, all
diodin Mrs. Potter's arms, expressing to her, m the
hearing of all, their deep and heartfelt thanks for her
great kindness and solicitous care for them and us,
and praying, with their dying breath, that she might
havo her reward both on this eaith and in heaven.
In stating all that Mrs. Potter and her son did for
us I should require two or three days, and the state-
ment would be so lengthy, I fear, as to cause your
honorable committee to cast it aside without a read-
ing. She has suffered, in one way or another, as no
other woman. North or South, ever has suffered in
the cause of the Union. Icould tellyour committee
things that would make your hearts bleediioncern-
ing the death of that same son, Fred, caused by
injuries received for coming to our hospital and
tending to our wants; but I forbear, as an allusion
to the subject might be very painful to Mrs. Pottei'a
feelings.
If you require further evidence of me I should be
most happy at any time to testify in this dear and
noble-souled woman's behalf.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
FKEB. H. JACKSON,
Jioorn 59, Third Auditor's office,{Uitesergeant
company F, seventh Conn. vol. inf.
Hon, Senators of the United States Senate Committee on
Claims.
The committee are of opinion that the Govern-
ment cannot undertake to make return for $11 tho
individual charities by which the history wf the lato
war is distinguished,'nor to make compensation for
all the property doshoyed in the prosecution of that
war. But, considering the munificence with which
the petitioner voluntarily ministered to the neces-
sities of the nation's soldiers when they were in dis-
tress, the committee think it would befit the gener-
osity of the nation to lelieve her necessities now
that she and her family are in distress, more especi-
ally since that distress has been in part occasioned
by the national forces.
\ our committcc therefore ask leave to report tho
accompanying bill, and to recommend its pa-ssage.
Before the reading had been concluded,
Mr. STEWART. It seems to me a "bill of
that kind ought to be considered in a full
Senate. It is a matter about which there is a
diversity of opinion. When we commence to
pay these claims in the South, it seems to me
"fte ought to have a quorum.
Mr. CONFESS. Ther e will be a quorum
here soon.
Jlr. STEYfART. I more that the further
consideration of the subject be postponed.
Mr. HOWE. JsTo, no. The reading has
now come to the statement of Mr. Jackson.
