1992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
without regard to its proof. In that respect
the process is simplified. Then the rate of tax
proposed by me is so low that it will not en-
courage frauds and perjuries for the purpose
of evading the payment of tax. If the tax is
established at one dollar it will be still high
enough to stimulate frauds and evasions that
must result in a very large quantity of whisky
being manufactured that will evade the pay-
ment of all tax.
If the tax should be reduced to fifty cents,
and should be required to be paid by the dis-
tiller, I have no question in my own mind that
the product of the whisky tax would be double
what it is under the present system.
The thought suggested by the honorable
Senator from Ohio is one to which the most of
the country that produces whisky would be
hostile. I am aware that ithas been the object
of the gentlemen who framed these revenue
bills heretofore, and from the time the system
originated, to monopolize the whole distillation
of whisky at a few points and to confine it to a
few manufacturers. It is in these large manu-
facturing establishments of whisky that the
frauds are perpetrated. The makers of large
quantities have the means to purchase and
corrupt the officers ; they do buy them up and
induce them to betray the interests of the Gov-
ernment for the purpose of making profit for
the distillers. It is when the establishments
are small in the quantity they produce and
great in number, spread over the whole coun-
try, and where but a small quantity of whisky
is manufactured, that they are most free from
frauds, because the quantities that are manu-
factured are not sufficiently remunerative in
their aggregate product to enable the manu-
facturers to purchase up the officers.
In my own district the amount of whisky
tax paid in December last was about one hun-
dred and forty-seven thousand dollars. It is
a large producing section of country of whisky,
not of your rod head, but the genuine article,
the old Bourbon, the copper distilled whisky
that passes through two copper worms and
through two copper stills, and which is made
by appropriating one bushel of corn meal to
half a bushel of rye meal for the purpose of
making the genuine article, that L suppose was
the nectar of the ancient gods. My State
passed a law making it a penitentiary offense
to corrupt whisky, to counterfeit it; and al-
though the law was very rigorous it has failed
of its effect. It operates in Kentucky; they
do not counterfeit the whisky in Bourbon
county nor in any part of Kentucky ; but the
way the rectifiers adulterate the article in the
city of Cincinnati is terrible!
I tell the honorable Senator that this is a fail-
article to be taxed—none fairer. The people
will drink it, and all the temperance societies
that were ever organized in the world will not
prevent it, nor will the Maine law. Everything
of that sort has failed and will fail. John Bar-
leycorn will rise and surely come again. There
is no preventing it. If men will drink whisky
and whisky must be made to be drunk it ought
to be the best article, and the best article is not
made in those large establishments that turn
out from fifty to a hundred and two hundred
barrels a day, but in your small establishments
that make from one lo three hundred barrels
in the course of a whisky season, one or two
barrels a day of corn and rye.
A Senator. With a mash-tub?
Mr. DAVIS. With a mash-tub, too. I know
all about the process. I speak of establishments
that run through two copper stills and two cop-
per worms, and that take it from the worm
when it is about forty per cent, above proof,
and with pure water then reduce it to proof,
and then put it away for two years, and at the
end of two years there is no drink on the face
of the earth that compares with it. Your
cogniac brandy, your wine, and everything
else utterly fails in the comparison. [Laugh-
ter.]
If gentlemen want to get the largest amount
of revenue from this most legitimate article to
be taxed for the purpose of raising revenue to
enrich the Treasury, to prevent the deficit of
which the honorable Senators from Vermont
are so much afraid, to raise money enough to
meet all the proper and just and liberal wants
of the Government, they ought to put down
this monopoly of whisky by a few great estab-
lishments; they ought to encourage its distilla-
tion widely over the country in copper stills
and copper worms, where an article will be pro-
duced that is not a poison, one that will not, only
warm, but soften while it warms, and that will
inspire genial sentiments and noble thoughts,
and produce patriotic effusions, too, in the form
of stump speeches, &c. [Laughter.] The
honorable Senator from Ohio ought to adopt
a policy that would put down large monopo-
lizing establishments and throw the manufac-
ture of the article into these small copper dis-
tilleries, and collect the moderate tax of fifty-
cents upon a gallon, making the distiller pay
it, without any expensive machinery, and with-
out any agents to bo bought up and corrupted
for the purpose of defeating the collodion of
the just revenue of the country; and in that
way lie would have infinitely a better article,
and in addition to that he would double the
produce to the Treasury. I think the propo-
sition ought to prevail.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky to the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS, i propose to amend
the bill by inserting after ''cheroots," in lino
seventeen of the first section, these words:
" And on diamonds, emeralds, precious stones
and imitations thereof, and on all jewelry."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That amendment is not
in order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Why not?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Because those words
have already been stricken out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My purpose is to insert
the latter pail of the amendment proposed by
the Committee on Finance. I think that the
articles mentioned in my amendment ought to
be subject to taxation. I wasreluctant to vote
against the committee's amendment because
some portions of it, I thought, should prevail.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks the amendment is in order. It is not
the same proposition that was stricken out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No; it is not the same
proposition. The effect of this amendment
will be to leave subject to the present rate of
taxation diamonds, emeralds, precious stones,
and imitations thereof, and jewelry.
Mr. FUEL!NUHUYSKN. I hope that
amendment will not prevail. Diamonds and
precious stones which are imported into this
country pay a duty once; and there is no
reason why, when they get into the hands of
the manufacturers, they should be taxed a
second time. As to the lax on jewelry which
is mentioned there, that is a tax upon the
industry of the country, a veiy large portion
of the industry of the country that is employed
in that branch, and a large portion of this tax
falls upon them. I hope that the Senate will
adhere to the principle which they have adopt-
ed, which is for once to leave the mechanical
industry of this country free. There are abund-
ance of sources from which we can collect all
the revenue that we need ; and that is the
opinion of the committee of the House who
have examined this whole subject; and I trust
that the Senate will adhere to the vote they
have already taken on this question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the bill pass?
Mr. ANTHONY called fortheyeasand nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 35, nays 3 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron,
Cattell, Chandler, Cole, Cpnkling,Conness, Cragin,
Davis, Drake, I'erry, Frelimjhuysen, Henderson,
Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrilt of
Maine, Morrill, of Vermont, Nye, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ross,Sherman, Sumner, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers, Wade, Wiiloy,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—35.
NAYS — Messrs. Corbett, Fessenden, and Fow-
ler— 3.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Dixon, Doolittle, Ed-
munds, Grimes, Harlan, Johnson, McCreery, Mor-
ton, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey, Sauls-
bury, Sprague, Stewart, and Thayer—16.
So the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, its title
was amended by adding the words '' and for
other purposes."
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to announce that
the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] and the
Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] were
paired on (he bill. I was requested to state
that Mr. Grimes, if present, would have voted
against the bill, and Mr. Ramsey for it.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersoji, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (II. It. No. 598) to continue the
Bureau for the Relief of Preedmen and Refu-
gees, and for other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 801) relating to the Su-
preme Court of the United States.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. It. No. 718) making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending 30th June,
1809, and for other purposes ; and it was there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore.
public expenditures.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
Treasury, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
this morning, returning the resolution of the
Senate of yesterday inquiring with regard ta
the monthly expenditures of the War, Navy,
Interior, and Treasury Departments; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
house bills referred.
The bill (II. R. No. 598) to continue the
Bureau for the relief of Preedmen and Refugees,
and for other purposes, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
The bill (II. R. No. 8G1) relating to the
Supreme Court of the United States was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
ord14r OV business.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to make
a motion lo call up a bill to make it the order
of the day for to-morrow, an appropriation
bill?
Mr. HOWARD. I have a bill already up.
Mr. CONKLING. I yield to the Senator
from Maine. *•
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I movethatthe
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the Post Office De-
partment, with a view to having it the order
for to-morrow.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that will not be
done. I believe that the unfinished business
for to-morrow is the Central Branch Pacific
railroad bill.
Mr. MOliRILL, of Maine. No; that has
passed out of its place.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no unfinished business.
