1868.
Tfiti OONG11ESSIOKAL GLOllE.
609
life-force the tendency is to dissolution or dis- |
memberraent. The teaching of nature is that
lilV force and bulk shall grow harmoniously
together, that the spherule of life, which is
biKuui up in a \oung nation as it is in the seed
gr.iin of a plant or the germinating cell of an
annual, >'.ia!l expand pari passu with the mass
tti.Lch it aggregates around itself.
It" we .--hall be wise enough to observe this
grva; natural law; if, while airing our eagle
h.ga above Arcturus or the Pleiades we shall
:u> fur^e: that he, like all other fowls born of this
circumambient orb, is limited in time and space
arid amenable to the laws of the universe;
i: wo niiall refuse tol>e misled by high-sounding,
s.iadow_\ and vague views of national grand-
ear—born not of enlightened intellect, but of
crudu aud uncompact imagination—and shall
place ourselves in definite common-sense
re.alien with the solid facts of nature and
experience; if we shall place a proper esti-
mate upon culture and quality, and thus hold
public sentiment above the superficial vulgarity
of confounding greatness wiih physical dimen-
sion ot empire; if we shall not foolishly forget
or fail to comprehend the great lesson of our
past history, written at length in letters of fire
and blood upon half the Republic, that disin-
tegration is one of the chief enemies with which
we have to conteftd: if we shall firmly refuse
af this inauspicious epoch to add to the strain
upon our overstrained national life by renewing
the process of piling on Supermenmbent weights
of territory, and instead of that shall adhere
for a season to the work of healing our bruised
and lacerated nationality, giving our woni.ds 1
time to knit and our cartilage time to harden
into bone, we shall duly reach a period when,
as already suggested, it may be proper and wise
to extend our territorial area; and by observ-
ing this natural law of growth, and only by that
means, we may be able in time to assimilate into
one compact, solid, stable, long-lived republic
the entire continent and its dependencies.
Such, sir, is the magnificent possible destiny
of our Republic, and such the law of growth
which will probably lead to the attainment of
that destiny. The observance or non-observ-
ance of this law, when viewed in its ulterior
influence upon the country, is seen tdinvolve
a question of the highest possible magnitude.
Believing, as I do, that in our present condition
the acquisition of foreign territory would be a
violation of the law and injurious to the well-
being of the Republic : and having no doubt, as
I do, that we possess the requisite power under
the Constitution to avert the mischief. I enter for
myself and on behalf of the people I represent
a stern protest against the appropriation ot
$7,200,(XJ0 for no object of benefit whatever,
but, as I firmly believe, to the positive ana
serious hurt of the country. Let us rise to the
height of the question—to the dignity of inde*
pendent and manly statesmanship, by disposing
of this subject in a spirit of no mean subservi-
ency to those who have no consti tutional ascend-
ency over as in the matter, but in the free
exercise of the great porters which the Consti-
tution has expressly devolved upon Congress.
CONTRACTION AND TAXATION.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, war is not an
unmitigated evil. It calls into action the worst
of human passions and the highest of human
virtues. It contrasts the spirit that conceived
and gloated over the horrors of Libby, Belle
Isle, and Andersonville, by the uncomplaining
patriotism and fortitude with which those hor-
rors were endured. It may be called the science
of destruction, yet it develops the germs of
future prosperity, evokes wealth from unrecog-
nized sources, and frequently leaves commu-
nities, which for the time it seems to have deci-
mated and desolated, richer than they were in
the peaceful seasons which preceded it. This
is not often true of mere dynastic wars, but of
luch as involve a question between forms of
government or are waged for the transfer of
territory from an oppressive to a liberal gov-
ernment it i.s almost an invariable consequence.
The unparalleled struggle through which we
4ftnr Coxa. 2r> —No. !]!•.
have gone was of the latter class, and illus- j
trates most forcibly the truth that in God's |
providence, so often inscrutable, war has its
purposes. We mourn hundreds of thousands
ot the prematurely dead, among whom were the
bravest, best, and" roost beautiful of the circles
in which they moved. The maimed soldier
meets us at every turn in the bustling highway,
and the widows of those who fell for our coun-
try have not yet laid aside their weeds or their
tender children lost the memory of the linea-
ments of him they loved, and who, but for his
patriotism, might have lived to shiold them from
the ills they endure in poverty and orphanage.
They suffer, but the people in whose cause
they suffer were richer, more powerful, and
consequently abler to endure additional taxa-
tion, on the IVHh of April, 1SG5. when Johnston
surrendered, than it was on the 14th of April,
1801, when the guus of the rebellion opened
on Fort Sumter.
Mr. Chairman, I venture the assertion, and
doubt not that history will demonstrate its
correctness, that the war for the suppression
of the rebellion developed a productive power
in the country more than equal to the indebt-
edness, national. State, and municipal, incurred
in support of it and by the payment of bounties
and pensions. And when gentlemen speak of
securing the results of the war I ask them to
regard this fact, and to see to it that it, as well
as the purely political results of the struggle,
be secured, in order that those who survive its
victims may share its happier consequences.
The policy which had with rare and brief inter-
vals controlled the legislation of the country
from its foundation to the opening of the rebel-
lion was not calculated to develop the resou rces
or improve the condition of the laboring people
of the country. It did not aim at these results.
It was conceived and enforced by those whose
interests were peculiar and adverse to the gen-
eral prosperity. Under the ancient rigirru* the
legislative power of the country resided for more
than sixty years in a Democratic congressional I
caucus, the preponderance in which of the slave- j
holders of the South was almost, if not abso- j
lutely, without intermission. Controlling the
caucus of the dominant party, they controlled
the legislation of Congress, and except in the
brief periods from 182o to 1833 and from 1843
to 1847 the policy of the caucus was to prevent
the diversification of employments, impair the
demand for, and so diminish the wages of, free
labor, and by compelling the masses to engage
in the production of provisions to so cheapen
them as to make it to the advantage of tlie slave-
owner to produce nothing but leading staples,
and depend upon the farmers of the North for
cheap food for themselves, their animals, and j
slaves: It was their aim to make mechanical
labor Unprofitable and degrading, that they
might be able to discourage immigration by
contrasting the condition of the well-fed slave
1 with that of the laborer of the North, who in
; freedom should by the exercise of his skill be able
. to obtain but a precarious support for himself
I and family. I ao not make, tins, arraignment.
History presents it. That remarkable southern
book, "Cotton is King," is but an elaboration
of it running through well-nigh a thousand
finely-printed pages; and in his remarkable
address at the close of the grand fair of the
Mechanics and Agricultural Fair Association
of Louisiana, held: in the city of New OrleanB
November, 1866, one of the ablest writers and
i most cogent thinkers of the South, William
: M. Burwell, Esq., in their behalf, pleaded
guilty to it when, in stating " such points of
. southern opinion and policy as bear upon the
, causes of subjugation, ' he thus enumerated
them:
" 1. That the Federal Government had no right to
administer any duties save those which were written
down in its charter.
"2. That staple culture by slave labor was the;
! most honorable, tbo most virtuous, and the moat
I military system of State polity.
I "3. That commerce, the mechanic arts, and the
i banking system were incompatible with the social
' safety of the slave States, and tended to disparage
j the high standard of virtue, courage, intellect, and
! patriotism which accompanied the pursuits of agri-
culture and the institution of slavery.
. • ■TJ1U' sreat cities were great sores, asr^rc,na-
tions of people an evil, immigrant numbers and
capital not desirable, and works of internnl com-
merce only to bo allowed where tliey worn built at
the private cost of tho«e who used them. Tin* ocean
ws' regarded as ' a "eeneof strife,' ami itwas thou.rht
our ships aud workshops should bo stationed beyond
the Atlantic."
Concise us these propositions are, they pre-
sent a comprehensive statement of the policy
of the leaders of the Democratic party. Tiuiy
were foes to commerce and the mechanic arts,
and, in view of the extent of our country,
its boundless, varied, und equally-distributed
natural resources succeeded to a degree tliatis
almost incredible in stationing " our ships and
workshops beyond the Atlantic." In the south-
ern theory of society the free laboring man had
no place; its philosophy gave him no consid-
eration. It regarded him as a uuisatice, un
interloper, who had no place in a well regu-
lated State. In its ideal republic there were
to be two classes of people only: the wealthy
producers of agricultural staples and laborers,
the slaves they owned and upon the sweat of
whose brows and by the sale of whose offspring
they should live.
But so great were our natnral advantages,
so ingenious our people, and so largely was
American industry and inventive power pro-
tected by our patent laws, that in spite of legis-
lation, which produced commercial crises with
almost regular periodicitv, the manufacturing
interests of the North'had come to be very con-
siderable. Vv'e, however, still remained a com-
mercial dependency of England, and were,
indeed, her principal and most profitable
dependency; and, sir, we continue to be such,
notwithstanding the enormous development of
our productive power during the war, as is
shown by the official statement of the exports
from the United Kingdom to the various coun-
tries of the world during the lirst half of the
last two years. In introducing this table the
compiler remarks that there has been a con-
siderable falling off in our American trade
during the last year, owing chiefly to the pro-
hibitory tariff and the scanty harvest of lbOG.
It appears that the exports from the United
Kingdom to her two greatest dependencies in
the periods designated were:
1865. Ki7.
To India   £9,400,838 XIO : ■ ,.;i.U
To the United States 15,2JS,220 ll.t'.M.LU
India stands, in the exhibit from which I
obtain these figures, at the head of the li.-i, of
her colonial customers, and the United States
heads the column of foreign dependents.
Sir, it would weary the committee were I to
bring to its attention the many illustrations < hat
occur to my mind of the wondrous increase of our
productive power during the war, but 1 beg you
to bear with me while 1 submit a few of them.
The war, endeavor to disguise it as we uiav,
was an irrepressibl^conflict between two sys-
tems of labor, one oMvhich regarded the laborer
as a thing to be owned, and the other of which
recognized his manhood, kindled his hope, and
quickened his aspirations by opening to him
the avenues to all public honors, aud which
sought to secure him, however humble he might
be, such wages for his work as would enable
him to shelter, care for, and give culture to his
family. The triumph of freedom over slavery
in tliis contest was of inestimable pecuniary
value. But at the beginning of the war we were
unable to clothe our soldiers and sailors or
provide them with arms and ammunition of
our own production. Most of the men who
responded to President Lincoln's first requisi-
tion for troops, though newly equipped, were
in rags when they reached the capital. Our
"boys in blue," after a few days' exposure
to alternate rain and sun, were surprised to
find themselves wearing red coats, and looking
rather like English than American soldier*.
The prospect of war had flooded the country
with what Carlyle calls "cheap and nasly"
British fabrics, the warp and woof of which
were shoddy, and the indigo blue of which had
been derived from logwood.
We had neither the wool in which to clothe
them nor the spindles and looms to fashion it
