1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ims
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That was dis-
placed by the bill just passed.
Mr. CONKLING. i believe I had the floor.
I yielded to tho Senator from Maine to hear
his suggestion, and if a vote can be taken on
his_ proposition I will give way; otherwise I
insist 011 my motion.
Air. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask for a vote
on my motion.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Maine
to take up the bill mentioned by him.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I now move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 19, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
REGULATION OF LABOR, IN NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 036) for the regulation
of labor in the navy-yards of the United States
and compensation thereof; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
NEW ORLEANS AND MOBILE RAILROAD.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 937) to authorize the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from New Orleans, in the State of Louisiana,
to Mobile, in the State of Alabama, and to se-
cure to the Government the use of the same as
a military and post road, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ALLISON moved that the votes by
which the preceding bills were referred be re-
considered ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CORRECTION OP JOURNAL.
Mr. BURR. I notice the Journal states I
asked and obtained leave of absence. That is
a mistake, and I ask that it be corrected.
The correction was made accordingly.
FORT LEAVENWORTH RESERVATION.
Mr. CLARKE, ofKansas, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 938) to au-
thorize the sale of twenty acres of the land of
the military reservation at Port Leavenworth,
Kansas; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNB, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POLICY OF CONGRESS.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following joint resolution of the
Legislature of Wisconsin ; which was ordered
to be printed in the Globe, referred to tho Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and also ordered to be
printed in the usual form :
Joint Resolution Ho. 16.
Instructing our Senators and requesting our Repre-
sentatives to adhere to tho policy of the loyal peo-
ple of the Republic as adopted by Congress.
Whereas the events which have very recently
token place and are now transpiring at the Federal
capital aresueh as distinguish times of great national
peril; and whereasit is the right and duty of the peo-
ple of the State, when occurrences like the present are
pressing upon them, togive utterance to their will and
to strengthen and support those upon whom the re-
sponsibilities of the occasion directly rest:
Be itresolvedby the Assembly, the Senate concurring,
That our Scnatorsin Congress are instructed, and the
members ot the House of Representatives from this
State are requested, to adhere with unflinching firm-
ness to the policy of the loyal people of the Republic
adopted by Congress; that they resist by all consti-
tutional, just, and efficient means, any and all at-
tempted usurpation of power by any officer of the
Government; and that in this they discharge their
whole duty as guardians of the rights and liberties
ot the people of the country.
Resolved, That we declare ourconfidencc in thepa-
triotismandstatesmanship ofHon.EdwinM. Stanton,
Secretary of War; that we admire the courage and
constancy with which he successfully resists tho un-
warrantedattemptsat executive encroachments; that
wo approve of tlie action the United States Senate
in restoring him to the office from which he was un-
justly suspended; that it is the desire of the citizens
of the State of Wisconsin that he shall remain in the
War Office so longas the country is in danger from the
conspiracies of its enemies, whatever be their charac-
ter or position, and that we honor General Grant for
that obedience to law which prompted him at once to
surrender the office of Secretary of War to him upon
whom it was conferred by our martyred President.
Resolved, That the Governor of the State is hereby
requested to transmit an attested copy of tho fore-
going to each of our Senators and Representatives in
Congress, to the Presiding Officer of each House of
Congress, and to lion. Edwin M. Stanton.
A. M. THOMSON,
Speaker of the Assembly,
. N. M. L1TTLEJOHN,
President of tlte Senate pro tempore.
Approved March G, 1868.
LUCIUS I'AlRCIilLD, Governor.
State op Wisconsin, 1
Office of Secretary of State,/ •
I, Thomas S. Allen, Secretary of State of the State
of Wisconsin, do hereby certify, that the foregoing
resolution has been carefully compared with the
original resolution on file in this office, and that the
same is a true and correct copy thereof.
- In witness whereof I have hereunto set my band
and affixed the great seal of the State of Wis-
[l. s.j consin, at the Capitol, in Madison, this 7th day
of March, A. 1). 1868.
THOS. S. ALLEN",
Secretary of Slate.
State of Wiscoxsin, Executive Department,
Madison, March 14,1868.
Sir: Ihave the honor to transmit herewith an at-
tested copy of joint resolution passed by the Legisla-
ture of this State at its last session, " instructing our
Senators and requesting our Representatives to ad-
here to the policy of the loyal people of the Repub-
lic, as adopted by Congress."
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
LUCIUS 1<\AIRCHILI>,
governor of Wtscolistn.
Hon. Halbert E. Paine, Member of Congress, Wash-
ington, fJ. C.
ANNUAL POST ROUTE DILL.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent to report back from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads the Senate
amendments to House bill No. 028, to establish
certain post roads, with the recommendation
that they bo concurred in with certain amend-
ments, embracing only post routes asked for
by members of the House. There is nothing
of general legislation in the bill; nothing but
the usual provision for post routes.
There was no objection, and the amendments
to the amendments were adopted, and the Sen-
ate amendments, as amended, were then con-
curred in.
SUPREME COURT OF TIIE UNITED STATES.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report back with amendment from the
Committee on the Judiciary House bill No.
861, relating to the Supreme Court of the
United Stales.
The bill was read. It provides that in case
of the removal of the Chief Justice of the Su-
preme Court of the United States from office,
or of his death, resignation, or inability to dis-
charge the powers and duties of the said office,
the same shall devolve upon the associate jus-
tice of said court whose commission is senior
in time; and such associate justice shall be
Chief Justice of such court until such inability
shall be removed, or another appointment shall
be duly made, and the Chief Justice of said
court shall be duly qualified.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to strike out the words "and such associate
justice shall be Chief Justice of such court."
The amendmentof the committee was agreed
to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill, as amended was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and be-
ing engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SPECIAL POST OFFICE AGENTS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I ask unan-
imous consent to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed
to inform this House of tho names of all special
agents of the Post Office Departmen t, the place whero
such agents are employed, the rate at which they are
paid; and also the nauies of all persons to whom
special-agent commissions have been issued of a'
complimentary character, and the reasons for grant-
ing such complimentary commissions since January
1, 1867.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I sug-
gest to the gentleman that ho had better mod-
ify the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the ihotion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRBEDMEN'S BUREAU.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (II. R. No. 598) to continue the Bureau for
the relief of Freedmen and Refugees, and for
other purposes, pending at the close of the
morning hour on Tuesday last, on which Mr.
Eliot was entitled to the floor.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I have taken
the floor at this time for the purpose of calling
the previous question on the bill which has
been considered in the morning hour for two
or three days. I suppose it is proper that I
should first withdraw the motion to recommit
which is pending. I accordingly withdraw it,
and demand the previous question. I will
state that I have promised to assign to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] thj/ty
minutes of the hour which belongs to me, with
the right to assign it as he sees fit to his friends
on the other side.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WOOD. I yield to thegentleman from
Now Jersey, [Mr. Haight.]
Mr. HAIGHT. I simply ask leave to pre-
sent the petition of officers and soldiers of the
State of New Jersey, against the passage of
this bill, and ask its reference to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The petition was referred accordingly.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, this is a bill to
continue the Freedmen's Bureau. It will be
recollected that the original act creating this
bureau was passed in March, 1865. The ori-
ginal act terminated the existence of the bureau
in one year after the cessation of hostilities.
Subsequently, in 1866, another act was passed
continuing in force the bureau for an additional
period of two years, and adding very largely
to the powers of tho bureau as originally given.
The present bill proposes to continue the bu-
reau for a period of nearly a year and a half
beyond the present time, to devote the unex-
pended balances to educational purposes, and
to add very largely to the powers of tho Secre-
tary of War and of tho Commissioner of Freed-
men's Affairs.
It will be recollected that the immediate
cause for the passage of the original act was
the then condition of the slaves who were about
to become freedmen under the operation of
our military power. As the Union Armymade
its progress into the insurgent States, and as
it obtained and held possession of the enemy's
territory and property, it necessarily freed,
practically at least, a very large number of
those who were then slaves. These colored
people, of course, naturally came into our lines.
They sought protection from the military au-
thorities; they were doubtless encouraged to
do so, until, as we gradually obtained and held
permanently a very large portion of the enemy's
