186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mil
I -wish the Senate would hear that statement,
and then see who will object to the passage of
the bill.
The Chief Clerk resumed the reading of the
report, and having proceeded for some time
further,
Mr. STEWART. I think enough has been
read to satisfy the Senate in regard to the
character of the eviden'ce. I presume the com-
mittee have examined the items. It appears
to me that the claim ought to pass. I do not
think there is any necessity for reading the
report further.
Mr. HARLAN. I will not insist on read-
ing any more of the report, as I perceive my
honorable friend from Nevada has become
impatient; but I wish to call attention to the
character of this class of claims, not this one
in particular, for this is the second one that I
remember of this kind where an attempt has
been made by Congress to pay for the char-
ities that our noble women have bestowed on
our brave men on and near the battle-fields of
the country. There is no nation on earth that
can pay for these charities. I had supposed
that the reward they would receive was laid up
in a surer place ; that it was a higher reward.
This may be an anomalous case ; but if you
will notice the report, there is no evidence
that this is a case different from a thousand
cases that I think I could name, except the
testimony of the woman herself and one ser-
geant who says he was nursed. There are
hundreds of ladies in this city, some of them
the wives of members of this and the other
branch of Congress, and their sisters and
daughters, some of whom are not now living,
who bestowed the same kind of charities with
as lavish a hand as this report says that this
excellent lady bestowed on this patient and
others. I do not know where such appropri-
ations would end.
Of course it is a very ungracious thing for any
Senator or member of Congress to voteagainst
an appropriation of money for such an object.
This is only §'20,000; but can the nation pay
$20,000 to every noble American woman who
has bestowed charities and kindness on our
suffering soldiers? I suppose they never
dreamed of any such a thing themselves origin-
ally ; and if we undertook to do this, to reward
them from the Treasury of the United States,
every Senator will bear me evidence that the
less meritorious as a general rule will receive
the reward.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1353.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1 o •_) O ) for the removal of certain dis-
abilities from the persons therein named was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
An amendment had been reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to strike out all
after the word ''namely," inline ten, being
the names in the House bill, and in lieuthereof
to insert a long list of names.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Nevada whether there is anything in the bill
except to remove from certain individuals who
are named the disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth constitutional amendment.
Mr. STEWART. There is not; and I will
say that as we propose to amend it it includes
additional names which have been sent on by
prominent men and by the North Carolina
delegation recently admitted.
Mr. SHERMAN. And concurred in by the
Judiciary Committee?
Mr. STEWART. The amendment is re-
ported by them aud [ have added some names.
1 lia\e consulted them from time to time.
Theie is no name that- is not vouched for by
good authority.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to dispense with
the reading, because that gives us no inform-
ation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the amendment can be dispensed with
by unanimous consent. The Chair hears no
objection, and it is dispensed with,
'f he amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. After the name of "Peter
Saunders," in line one hundred arid forty, I
move to insert the word "senior." "
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
The bil 1 was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DOO LITTLE. Idonotwish,asamatter
of course, to move an amendment that I know
the Senator from Nevada is disposed to oppose;
but I appeal to the Senator from Nevada to
adopt some general provision in the bill that
shall operate generally in a State on persons
in the same condition. I have received several
letters from persons stating that they have
been elected to little offices in counties in some
of the States, some as justices of the peace,
and some as county commissioners, and so
on; and if they have been properly elected,
and the authorities there certify that they are
properly elected, the bill had better apply to
them generally, and not put us to the trouble of
stating by name all these persons of whom we
can know nothing. Because their names are
put in the bill we cannot know them to be any
more entitled to this relief than anybody else.
£ wish the honorable Senator from Nevada
would just put some general clause in the bill by
which all persons who are elected to county
otBeers,or members of the Legislature, if they
are properly elected under the laws in force
there, shall have their disabilities removed.
I suggest to the honorable Senator to add
that, and save a great deal of trouble Men
have been elected togetherat the sametime, and
you pass a bill by which some can be sworn
in and some cannot. It is a very improper
mode of dealing with persons who have been
properly elected to have one class of men
send up their names and have their disabilities
removed while the others are to remain under
those disabilities, whatever they are. I do
not think it just to deal with this question in
this way. It is utterly impossible for the
Senate to take up each case and judge of the
meiits of the particular case. I suppose there
are five hundred names in the bill. We can
know nothing of them. I will not divide the
Senate, but i will ask the honorable Senator
to allow the bill to lie over until to-morrow
morning, aud then without any discussion I
shall simply propose to amend the bill and let
it come to a vote.
Mr. STEWART. It will be impossible to
get such a measure as that through. There
are difficulties about that.
Mr. WILSON. Put it on the next bill.
Mr. STEWART. Let this go through.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I will draw an amend-
ment in a moment. I should like to take the
sense of the Senate upon this subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Wis-
consin insists upon it, I call for the regular
order.
Air. STEWART. I appeal to the Senator
from Wisconsin to let his proposition be tested
on some other bill. Let this go through.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
THE FUNDING BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call for the regu-
lar order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(S. No. 207) for funding the national debt and
for the conversion of the notes of the United
States is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, the pending question being on the
amendment of the Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Howakd] to the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Shkum.LX,] from
the Committee on Finaxice.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to suggest a
modification of the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Michigan, which I believe he
is willing to accept. That is to insert after the
word "apply" the words "to contracts for
the borrowing of currency."
Mr. HOWARD. I accept that modification
of the amendment, and 1 ask the Clerk to
report the amendment as now modified.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, as now
modified, reads:
Provided, That this section shall not apply to con-
tracts {or the borrowing of currency or the renewal
or extension of an indebtedness under a contract
already entered into, unless such contract originally
required payment in coin.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will not the Senator add
"or payment of interest," to guard against
possibility of adding gold interest?
Mr. HOWARD. This guards every species
of contract.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to amend the third
section by striking out " hereafter," in the sec-
ond line, and inserting after the word " made"
the words "from and after the 1st of July,
1870;" so as to read:
And be it further enacted. That any contract made
from and after the 1st of July, 1870, specifically pay-
able in coin shall bo legal and valid, and may be
enforced according to its terms, anytlungia thesev-
eral acts relating to United States notes to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather at once
strike oat the section than have it put off a
year and a half. People are compelled to get
gold to pay duties, and they cannot make con-
tracts for it now.
Mr. RAMSEY. Does the Senator expect
to resume specie payments in a year or a year
and a half?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is idle to ask that
question now. Congress will meet twice before
January 1, 1870. I trust the Senator will not
press the matter any further. Every objection
to the section has been fairly met by the amend-
ment already adopted, and it is not worth while
to postpone its operation so long.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 propose the amendment;
it simply postpones its going into operation for
eighteen months.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. FERRY. I have been seeking an oppor-
tunity to offer an amendment to come in at the
end of the first section, which I will now offer
with a remark or two as to the object of it:
No payment compulsory upon the creditor of any
portion of the interest-bearing debt whose payment
is authorized in this seotion shall be made under its
firovisions. otherwise than in coin.
I will state the reason why I offer this amend-
ment. The chairman of the Committee on
Finance informs us that by his construction of
the existing law, under this section authority
is given to pay the five-twenty bonda in green-
backs to the extent of the $400,000,000 of cur-
rency now authorized by law. In other words,
the chairman of the Committee on Finance
informs us that it is his construction of the
law now that those bonds may be redeemed to
the extent of $400,000,000 in greenbacks.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. MoktoxJ yes-
terday in the argument which he made demon-
strated that under that legal theory which he
himself held and argued for, the new bonds
authorized by this first section might be sold,
as he stated, to the amount of $50,000,000,
and so much of currency received into the
Treasury by that sale, and then that currency
employed to pay §50,000,000 of the five-twenty
bonds" which have run more than live years.
I do not sec but that if the theory of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance and of the
Senator from Indiana with regard to the law-
fulness of paying any portion of the five-twen ty
bonds in greenbacks is correct, or shall here-
after be held to be correct by the Administra-
tion that now is or that is to be, I do not see
but that the reasoning of the Senator from
(1 Indiana is correct ; and that in this first sec-
