1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493
40tii Cong....2d Sess.
Arms to Southern States—Mr. Jones.
Ho. of Eeps.
that is, that "it furnishes a basis for explora-
tions and discovery in the Arctic regions." In
the interests of science there is no objection,
perhaps, to a little nautical adventure for the
discovery of the great mysteries of nature, al-
though it has not been usual to purchase con-
tinents for such purposes.
But what is the object here? Is it the ad-
vancement of science? No. The honorable
chairman tells us that the mineral treasures of
the earth have shifted their location from the
tropics to the higher latitudes, and that the
further north we travel the richer the deposits
are. Is there not danger, then, that we may
accomplish too much? If the gold of the
Indies proved fatal to the power of Spain,
while England was hardening her muscles and'
forging her thunderbolts out of her iron and
coal, what have we not to fear from the possi-
ble discovery of the pole? If the theory of
the honorable chairman is correct, the great
mystery of the northern lights is already par-
tially solved in the radiating power of some
gigantic gem, doubtless a diamond or sapphire
mountain, set in the bosom of an open sea, that
flashes its long streamers of glory down the
northern skies. Is it for this that he proposes
to buy this territory, and set on foot another
Argonautic expedition under the auspices of
the enterprising Secretary, in search of that
culminating point, that true ultima Thule, that
jeweled pivot on which the axle of the world
revolves? I deprecate any such discovery.
With such a treasure-house we should cease to
work, the Secretary would buy the terraqueous
globe, and what would be, if possible, even a
greater infliction, fill it with the wearisome
platitudes of his endless correspondence.
But if the rocks, and icebergs, and volcanoes,
and earthquakes of Alaska are worth ten mil-
lions of our money, as abasia for such an expe-
dition on the western coast, how much more
valuable are the glaciers of Greenland, and the
geysers of Iceland in the Atlantic sea, as a
starting-point on such a voyage! Why, then,
not hurry to the king of Denmarkwith the offer
of another chest of gold for these more advanced
points cT appvi, and particularly for that unex-
plored, undefined, mysterious, and therefore
magnificent possession, that hugs our shores,
and is the nursing mother of the icebergs, that
send their frigid breaths into our New England
homes ? Is there not danger that some rival
European Power will get ahead of us; or that
in the great prospective war that is now loom-
ing up from the horizon of Europe, it may
become the prey of some of those rival Powers
that have been shut out by the learned chair-
man in his general allotment of the northern
world ? I hope the chairman will look to it
that we are not anticipated here.
But the argument runs low, and thin, and
weak, when it comes down to such feeble
crutches as these, and I shall waste no further
time in pursuing it. All I have to add now is
the inquiry, what there is left to excuse this
flagrant and dangerous departure from the
past policy of this nation, and this wanton
waste of the resources of a people already
groaning under an accumulation of debt that
tasks all the ingenuity of its legislators not
only to provide for, but to make even endura-
ble ? When we acquired Louisiana and Flor-
ida we were without debt, and they were con-
terminous territories, that furnished a ready
jjlea of State necessity in excuse for an ad-
mitted violation of the Constitution. Is there
any State necessity here? There is no pre-
tense of it. Have the people desired it ? Not
a sensible man among them had ever suggested
it. The whole country exclaimed at once, when
it was made known to it, against the ineffable
folly, if not the wanton profligacy of the whole
transaction. There is no man here, I think,
who would have advised it. I doubt whether
there are twenty in this House who would be
willing to vote for it now, but for the single
reason that the contract has been made.
But is that a sufficient one in view of the law
and facts as they are now presented? Will it
satisfy the people on whom this burden is to
be imposed? When they come to see it in its
true light, and to realize as they will, the utter
worthlessness of the acquisition, upon which
the unity and permanence of this Republic,
and the peace and happiness of their posterity
have been so deeply periled, it behooves those
who propose to vote away their money for such
an object to provide themselves with some bet-
ter apology than has yet been offered. It is not
by a vain and empty flourish of drums and
trumpets about "manifest destiny," and the
greatness and glory of the American Puepublic,
that they can hope to drown the voice of popu-
lar complaint. Thinking people are not to be
satisfied in that way. They will lament the suc-
cess of such a measure as this, whether it be
the result of recklessness or mistake, as a
formidable symptom of national decline. If the
masses do not sympathize with them, the omen
will be still more formidable. It is in any
case a victory to the most obnoxious of Execu-
tives over the House of the people, even
greater than the results of bis unsuccessful
impeachment by the same body. That was
perhaps the fault of the Senate. This will be
Arms to Southern States.
REMARKS OF HON. A. II. JONES,
ob1 north carolina,
hr the House of Representatives,
July 23, 1868,
On the subject of supplying the reconstructed States
with their quota of arms.
Mr. JONES, of North Carolina. Mr.
Speaker, on the subject of supplying the recon-
structed States with their quota of arms I do
not think that my venerable colleague from
North Carolina, [Mr. Boyden,] in his remarks
the other day, treated the subject upon its
merits.
I deny the allegation to the effect that it is
proposed by any one to send arms to North
Carolina with a view of arming the people
against each other. No one ever thought of
such a monstrosity. Every newspaper in the
State, and in the whole South, will feast upon
what has been said in this Hall in opposition
to the State being furnished with her quota of
the Government arms. The gentleman said :
"If we need anything, in God's name send
the Army of the United States there." This
is the declaration of the only member of this
House from North Carolina whose district gave
a majority against the constitution under which
we have reestablished civil government in the
State. For the securing of his election he is
indebted to that very class which declarc that
the whole plan of reconstruction is unconstitu-
tional, null, and void; and who declare that
they will have the old Constitution, which they
fought four dreadful years to destroy, or wade
through blood. Rebels in some of the coun-
ties of my district have said that the judges
provided under the new constitution would not
be allowed to hold the courts; yet it has been
declared in this Hall that it is dangerous to
send arms there to protect the civil author-
ities against these outlaws. It is not against
the well disposed, whether of rebel or Union
antecedents, that protection is needed, but for
their protection against the lawless desperadoes
who infest the country, and who are the sup-
pliant tools of the defiant, unrepentant rebel
leaders, who would seize every opportunity to
set at defiance the law, and the first opportune
moment to overthrow the newly established
civil governments.
The constitution of North Carolina provides
for organizing and arming the militia in order
to " execute the laws, suppress riots or insur-
rections, and to repel invasion." Washington
taught that a "free people ought not only to
be armed, but disciplined for the national
security and the preservation of order." It i3
the duty of the executives of the respective
States to see that the laws are faithfully exe-
cuted. Governor Holden, in his inaugural,
properly said:
"This duty would be performed promptly, fear-
lessly, and firmly by him, and unless Congress makes
provision to supply the Stato from the over abundant
supply of Government arms looking to this end, an
additional tax will have to be levied and collected
off of the people of the impoverished States of the
South, in order to provide for self-protection."
Mr. Speaker, I deny the charge that arms are
wanted to make war; but, on the contrary, to
preserve the peace. If the disaffected intend
to carry out their threats of revolution and war
in order to undo all the work of reconstruction ;
if they intend to make war upon the friends of
law and order—those who would sustain the
General Government—they are more likely to
do so when the loyal are unarmed than when
in a state of defense and much more likely to
succeed. Without the necessary means of self-
protection in the absence of United States
troops, I unhesitatingly give it as my opinion
that in many sections of the reconstructed
States the enforcement of civil law would prove
worse than a farce. The idea that it is "dan-
gerous" to furnish North Carolina with arms
is a slander upon the Governor of the State,
and also upon the Legislature, the controlling
element of which is composed of men who are
true to both State and national Governments.
