610
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOflE.
January 18,
into cloth. Nor were we capable of producing [
iron tit for gun-barrels or cannon; yet when at
the close of the war the armies marched on
successive days through Pennsylvania avenue,
more than one hundred and eighty thousand
strong, they were clad us substantially—I think
1 may say with truth more comfortably and sub-
stantially—than had ever been a great army
returning from the fields of its conquest at
the close of a protracted war. They then
wore the wool of America, spun by American
spindles and woven in American looms; and I
was assured about that time by the Secretary
of War and gentlemen connected with the ord-
nance department that their choicest arms were
of native production, and that we could manu-
facture better gun-barrel iron than we could
import.
Every railroad company whose line runs
north and south was then suffering depression,
if not in actual embarrassment. Their condi-
tion was not improving but deteriorating, not-
withstanding the fact that communities in the
same latitude can and should produce the same
commodities, and that the natural course of
inter-State and international trade is across and
not along Darallels of latitude. The Democratic
policy of stationing "our ships and workshops
beyond the Atlantic" contravened these natu-
ral laws, and by compelling the people of the
North and South to make their commercial
exchanges beyond the Atlantic instead of in
our own country had deprived the roads from
north to south of business adequate to their
maintenance. They were single-track roads,
and a number of them had fallen into such
dangerous dilapidation as to cause them to be
regarded as "man-traps" and "dead-falls."
Yet such was the healthful influences of active
business and prompt pay in the irredeemable
notes of a somewhat expanded currency that
many of them, while reducing or extinguish-
ing their indebtedness, renewed and doubled
their tracks during the war. and all of them
procured adequate motive power and rolling
stock for any amount of business, public or
private, that might offer.
At the beginning of the war the iron of Lake
Superior was not an article of commerce, but at
its close the Marquette region was furnishing
one eighth of the entire production of the coun-
try. In 1861 we were dependent on foreign fac-
tories for steel; but under the impulse of the
war we are manufacturing ordinary and Bes-
semer steel in such quantities and of such
superior quality as to justify the hope that a
few years will enable us to compete in the
markets of Central and Sou*h America with
the nations on which we have hitherto de-
pended. At the beginning of the war the great
western coal basin had not been tested experi-
mentally. Intelligent gentlemen from Indiana,
Illinois, Missouri, Iowa, and Kansas spoke of
the wonderful coal depAit which underlies
their respective States as a matter of belief,
or theory: but now every railroad through
those States has either provided itself or is
devising means to procure cars adapted to the
transportation of that cheap and convenient
fuel. Brazil, Indiana, was then an obscure
and inconsiderable railroad station, but now,
as the center of an iron and coal producing dis-
trict, its population is increasing with greater
rapidity than any town in the State, and trains
of cars laden with coal leave it daily for the iron
mountain of Missouri, to supply the furnaces
and forges of that vicinity with fuel, and return
from the iron mountain to Brazil freighted with
ore to be smelted and wrought in the midst
of coal beds which experience has proven to
be an inexhaustible deposit of almost pure
carbon. Active demana and prompt payment
in irredeemable greenbacks have elicited the
demonstration at both points that in Indiana
and Missouri are natural deposits that will, if
properly developed, before the close of another
feneration, dwarf the relative importance of
Ingland, Wales, or Belgium as coal, iron, and
steel producing centers.
Thus did the country respond to the necessi-
ties of the Government, and thus did the de-
mand for industry created by the war and
prompt pay by the Government for all that it
bought from its citizens, in irredeemable but
well-secured greenbacks though it was, enable
the people to respond promptly and amply to
its calls for men, money, and materials. Our
progress was not, as already appears, confined
to the military direction, but other branches of
industry were also quickened into life. At the
beginning of the war the West made no zinc or
brass or clocks or watches, and she depended
on foreign nations forsugar and molasses. But
now the zinc of Illinois and the. copper of Michi-
gan, smelted by native fuel, is furnishing the
West with merchant brass that is preferred to
foreign by engravers. The town of Elgin, Illi-
nois, which rivals the most beautiful New Eng-
land villages, and which produces watches equal
to the best productions of any nation, has sprung
up since Sumter was fired on; and in Austin,
a suburb of Chicago, not. yet three years old,
they make clocks, the brass, the glass, the en-
amel, the steel, and the frames of which, whether
simple or ornate, are all of native production,
and into which no particle of material enters
that has ever been on salt water or paid duty
at a custom-house. The inhabitants of the
town of Chatsworth, Illinois, did not number
two hundred at the close of -1863 ; they now
number nearly two thousand people, who use
in their intercourse fourteen of the dialects of
Europe, and are producing this year nearly one
thousand tons of sugar from beet roots, and an
amount of molasses that will pay each laborer
good wages, and for the coal consumed by the
whole community; and not only did we prove
ourselves able to clothe our Army and improve
the material, texture, and durability of its cloth-
ing, but we increased the variety and improved
our woolen fabrics for private wear so much that
we are able to enter the list with the most suc-
cessful woolen manufacturing nations. But, sir,
that we did during the war add to our productive
power and realized wealth more than the prin-
cipal of our debt is to my mind demonstrated
by the fact that though the taxes upon our
industry, trade, income, and the earniugs of
our corporations, were heavier than now by
hundreds per cent., they were, after the first
year of the war, or from the time that green-
backs relieved the want of adequate currency,
paid cheerfully, because they were paid from
monthly or annual profits. Our people were
steadily increasing in wealth, every exchange
of property between them was for mutual ad-
vantage, and by increasing their wealth added
to the taxable resources of the country. The
able report of the Special Commissioner of the
Revenue, D. A. Wells, Esq., thus corroborates
this view:
"As has been already shown, the national expendi-
tures, exclusive of appropriations for the redemption
of the public debt and for interest, attained during the
five years from 1861 to 1866 the extraordinary aver-
age of over seven hundred and twelve million dol-
lars per annum, to which must also be added the great
increase dnring the same period of State and local
expenditures. Now, while by far the largest portion
of the money represented by this expenditure was
borrowed, it must nevertheless be borne in mind that
the averagte annual money statement for the years
specified is in a great degree, if not entirely, the
measure of the labor annually furnished to the Gov-
ernment in the form of commodities or services ren-
dered in the Army or Navy, for the war in the main
was conducted by means of theservicesof the soldiers
rendered at the time, and by means of the food, cloth-
ing, and material of war raised or made during the
period of hostilities, and for which money or an ac-
knowledgment of indebtedness was given. It there-
fore appears that during the years from 1861 to 18G6
labor and commodities were continually withdrawn
from the productive employments of peace to the
destructive occupations of war, and that the meas-
ure of this unproductive diversion was in excess of
$712,000,000 per annum, and yet during the continu-
ance of all this drain the northern and Pacific States
did notceasetomakeareal progress in the creation of
substantial wealth. Thus the aggregate of the north-
ern crops, measured in bulk and quantity, and not in
money, did not decrease, but increased; the area of
territory placed under cultivation was continually
enlarged; railroads continued to be built, mines to
be opened, and mills> stores, and dwellings to be
erected.
_As if to emphasize this statement, the Com-
missioner adds the following foot note:
" It is not believed that any great amount of north-
ern capital accumulated prior to the war was used or
I destroyed during the war, but that the service and
commodities used were mainly the product of the
time."
Mr. Chairman, so immensely had ready
demand, the rapid circulation of commodities,
and prompt pay in greenbacks stimulated our
industry that the amount of American produc-
tions—agricultural, mineral, scientific, or me-
chanical—that had beep devoted to the work of
destruction are thus shown to have been in
excess of the requirements for civil life in a
season of prosperity, and certainly in increasing
excess of the production of former years.
But, sir, the war has ended; we are again at
peace ; the jurisdiction of the Government ex-
tends over the whole country. Twelve million
of producers and consumers have been brought
within our jurisdiction by the extinguishment
of the confederate government, under whose
laws they had lived and to whose treasury they
had paid tribute during the war, and the com-
missioner, in this connection, submits this prop-
osition, to which I propose, briefly as I can, to
reply. He asks:
" If a portion of the country could contribute of its
surplus labor and capital an annual value of $21 07
per capita for destructive purposes, will it not be
easy for the whole country, with its labor and capital
restored to productive employments, to contribute
$8 73 per capita for the pay uien t of interest, expenses,
and the reduction of the debt?"
| This diminished rate of taxation, the Com-
missioner tells us, will not only provide for an
annual expenditure of $140,000,000 for ordi-
nary expenses. $130,000,000 for interest on the
public debt, but $50,000,000 annually for the
reduction of the principal of the debt.
Mr. Chairman, .whether the people can bear
this rate of taxation, reduced as it is, will
depend upon our legislation. Had Congress
one year ago, when I u'rged it to that course,
repealed the taxes that have not only burdened
all but prostrated many of the industries of the
country during the past year, and withheld from
the Secretary of the Treasury the power to con-
tract the currency, I believe there would be no
doubt on this question. My views on this point
are the results of much deliberation, and have
undergone no recent change. Experience has
but made that history which for the two last
years I have uttered to the House as predic-
tion. When addressing the House on January
31, 1866, I said :
i "England, if supremeselfishnessbeconsistent with
sagacity, has been eminently sagacious in preventing
us from becoming a manufacturing people ; for with
our enterprise, our ingenuity, our freer institutions,
the extent of our country, the cheapness of our land,
the diversity of our resources, the grandeur of our
seas, lakes, and rivers, we should long ago have been
able to offer her best workmen such inducements as
would have brought them by millions to help bear
our burdens and fight our battles. We can th as raise
the standard of British and continental wages and
protect American workmen against ill-paid compe-
tition. This we must do if we mean to maintain the
national honor. The fields now under culture, the
houses now existing, the mines now being worked,
the men we now employ, cannot pay our debt. To
meet its annual interest by taxing our present popu-
lation and developed resources would be to continue
an ever-enduring burden.
"The principal of the debt must be paid; but a3
it was contracted for posterity its extinguishment
should not impoverish those who sustained the bur-
dens of the war. I am not anxious to reduce the
total of our debt, and would, ih this respect, follow
the example of England, and as its amount has been
fixed would not for the present trouble myself about
its aggregate, except to prevent its increase. My
anxiety is that the taxes it involves shall be as little
oppressive as possible, and be so adjusted that, while
defending our industry against foreign assault, they
may add nothing to the cost of those necessaries of
life which we cannot produce, and for which we must
therefore look to other lands. The raw materials
entering into our manufactures, which we are yet
unable to produce, but on which we unwisely impose
duties, I would put into the free list with tea. coffee,
and other such purely foreign essentials of lite, and
would impose duties on commodities jlhat compete
with American productions, so as to protect every
feeble or infant branch of industry and quicken those
that are robust. I would thus cheapen the elements
of life and enaole those whose capital is embarked
in any branch of production to offer such wages to
the skilled workmen of all lands as would steadily
and rapidly increase our numbers, anil, as is always
the case in the neighborhood of growing cities or
towns of considerable extent, increase the return for
farm labor; this policy would open new mines and
quarries, build new furnaces, forges, and f ictories,
and rapidly increase the taxable property and inhab-
itants of the country. Would the south accept this
theory and enter heartily upon its excention, she
would pay rnoro than now aeoms her share of the debt
