3018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
such Legislature shall convene at the end of twenty
days from the time this act tabes effect unless the
(governor-electshall sooner convene the same.
biDO.6. And be it further enacted, That the first sec-
tion of this act shall take cfiect as to each State,
except Georgia, when such State shall by its Legis-
lature duly ratify article fourteen of the amendments
mi!Constitution of the United States, proposed by
the Ihxrty-Ninth Congress. and as to the Slate of
vreorgia when it shall in addition give the assent of
said btate to the fundamental condition hereinbefore
imposed upon the same; and thereupon the officeis
°/.,ea?'1 State elected and qualified under the con-
stitution thereof shall be inaugurated without delay;
Pu Probated from holding office under
*he United Statesor under any State by section three
o? the proposed amendment to the Constitution of
the united States known as article fourteen shall be
deemed eligible to any office in either of isaid States
unless relieved from disability as provided in said
amendment; and it is hereby made the duty of the
President within ten days atter receiving official
information of tho ratification of said amendment
by the Legislature of either of said States to issue a
proclamation announcing that fact.
Mr. DRAKE. I suppose now is the time
for amendments in the preamble.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. Itis. The
amendments reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary to the preamble will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the preamble by striking out " Alabama" in
the second line and inserting "Florida," and
by striking out the words "in form" after the
word "republican" in the seventh line.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "Alabama" should not
go out now.
Mr. DRAKE. And Florida should be in-
serted in the preamble. There are two amend-
ments in the preamble. One is to insert the
name of Florida there; and as it is now in
the body of the bill, it should of course be
inserted in the preamble. The other is to
strike out the words "in form." Both of
these amendments require' the action of the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think if the Chair
will put the question separately on each prop-
osition we shall get at it quicker. The first
question is on striking " Alabama" from the
preamble. Of course that will not be stricken
out now after the vote of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposing to strike
'"Alabama" from the preamble.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment inserting
Florida in the preamble.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
question is on the amendment to strike out the
words "in form" after the word "republican"
in the preamble.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest that in engrossing
the preamble the word "and" be transposed
so as to put it in between Alabama and Florida.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thatamend-
ment will be made as a matter of course, if
there be no objection.
The preamble, as amended, reads as follows :
_ Whereas the people of North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida have,
in pursuance of the pro visions of an act entitled "An
act lor the moro efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2,1867, and tho acts supple-
mentary thereto, framed constitutions of State gov-
ernment which are republican, and have adopted
said constitutions by Ia.rge majorities of tho votes
cast at the elections held for the ratification or rejec-
tion of the same: Therefore.
Mr. CONKLING. The bill having been
amended so as to include Alabama, I have an
amendment to offer now to make it harmo-
nious, and conform the case of Alabama to
that of Georgia. I called attention earlier in
the debate to the fact that there is in the con-
stitution of Alabama a provision equivalent in
principle to that which has been denounced in
the case of Georgia. To meet that I offer, in
the language already employed in the bill, this
amendment:
And the State of Alabama shall be entitled and
admitted to representation only upon this further
fundamental condition: that section twenty-six of
tho first article of tho constitution of said State,
except so much thereof tig makes navigable waters
public highways, shull bo null and void,<ind that tho
General Assembly ot said State, by a solemn public
act, shall declare the assent of tho State to the fore-
going fundamental condition.
Of course it will involve no additional time,
as the action of the General Assembly is neces-
sary. Lhe clause of the Alabama constitution
which I propose by the amendment to avoid is
this:
navigable waters shall remain forever
puolie highways, free to the citizens of the State and
ot the United States, without tax, impost, or toll
imposed; and that no tax, toll, impost, or wharfage
shall be demanded or received from the owner of any
merchandise or commodity for the use of the shores,
or any wharf erected on the shores, or in or over
the waters of any navigable stream, unless the same
be expressly authorized by the General Assembly."
lhe Senate will see that it deprives riparian
owners of the rents, issues, and profits of their
lands, because the owners of merchandise may
use wharves; and it is here provided that no
wharfage, which means, of course, no com-
pensation, is to be collected; and the same of
warehouses. Some Senator has suggested to
me in private conversation that these latter
words, " unless the same be expressly author-
ized by the General Assembly," mean that if
that has been done heretofore at any time the
case would not be reached by this clause, and
that such persons would be protected. It will
be seen, however, that it is not so, but the pro-
vision exposes all riparian owners to the occu-
pation of anybody who chooses to occupy,
without the power todemand or receive compen-
sation unless the General Assembly shall here-
after pass a law by which they may collect it.
In connection with that, we have before us a
memorial signed by the trustees of infants and
widows, and estates of deceased persons, resid-
ing in Connecticut, New York, Michigan, and
other States, showing us that at large expense
they have made improvements in Mobile upon
property the title to which goes back to the
original acquisition of the territory, goes back
to the very morning of the State and of the
Territory, and that the intention of this pro-
vision of the constitution is to oust them alto-
gether and to deprive them of their rights of
property. Inasmuch as we have made the
same provision I now offer as to Georgia in a
like case, I think the bill should be made har-
monious by inserting this amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
it is not strictly in order to insert anything in
the matter which has already been agreed to
by the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not understand
that to be so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will raise no such question.
Mr. CONKLING. The Chair may not un-
derstand exactly the form in which this comes
up. I propose to add these words to the text
of the bill as an amendment to come in at the
end of the first section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As an
addition ?
Mr. CONKLING. As an addition.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. That is in
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the amendment
is in order, because it is to add new matter
which has not been passed upon; but it does
seem to me that the Senator is making a great
deal out of this more than is at all involved in
it. This provision of the Alabama constitu-
tion does not affect contracts or property rights
according to my judgment. It does not raise
the question raised in the case of Georgia. I
will read the clause and Senators will see the
bearing of it according to the explanation made
to me:
"That all navigable waters shall remain forever
public highways iree to the citizens of the State and
of tho United States, without tax, impost,^ or toll
imposed: and that no tax, to!!, import, or wnarfuge
shall be demanded or received trom the owner of any
merchandise or commodity for the use of tho shores,
or of any wharf erected on tho shores or in or over
tho waters of any navigable stream, unless the same
be expressly authorized by the General Assembly.
The purpose of this is to prevent the owner
of land from levying on a steamboat that
chooses to anchor by the shore, a tax or toll.
There are navigable streams in thia State of
the highest importance. Obstructions might
be made or improvements might, be made ort
the banks of a river not authorized by the local
law. Unquestionably the State of Alabama
has supreme jurisdiction over tho shores of
navigable rivers within its limits. The State
may not impede the navigation of a river; it
cannot authorize an obstruction to a river; but
it can legislate as to the banks of a river, and
it may pre vent wharves and buildings from being
erected on the banks of a river except in pur-
suance of law. That is all that is required in
this clause, that no citizen of Alabama shall
levy a wharfage, toll, duty, or impost upon any
citizen, at home or abroad, for any use of its
lands, unless by authority of law.
The Senator confines the latter part of the
clause to authority given hereafter by the Gen-
eral Assembly ; but I submit that it does not
bear that construction, and is not so intended.
It says: "unless expressly authorized by the
General Assembly." The word "authorized"
includes the past as well as the future, the Gen-
eral Assembly of the past as well as the Gen-
eral Assembly of the future, and this is merely
to prevent persons owning property on the
banks of a navigable river from asserting ex-
clusive rights which will interfere with the free
navigation of the river and prevent steamboats
landing where they choose, and to prevent them
from assessing imposts, duties, and burdens of
like character upon pet sons engaged in lawful
commerce. If it means more than that, I have
mistaken the clause.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it means
only that, there is no necessity for the provis-
ion, because, of course, individuals cannot get
private rights as against the public right of
navigation.
Mr. SHERMAN. But that is not the point.
Suppose a person builds a wharf without
authority of law against the policy of the
State. Ought not the State to have the power
to control the building of wharves and improve-
ments along the banks of streams ? This clause
simply says that persons shall not do it except
in pursuance of authority granted by the Gen-
eral Assembly.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. I do not under-
stand the provision to relate at all to the build-
ing of wharves, but to the collection of wharf-
age at wharves built.
Mr. SHERMAN. "Unless the same be
expressly authorized by the General Assem-
bly." It does seem to me that the General
Assembly may, by general laws, pass rules and
regulations, or even by special charters grant
privileges to erect wharves along the banks of
the rivers. Do you want to interfere with that
right exercised by the State of Alabama ? It
seems to me to do that would be for Congress
to supervise and control the local matters of
the State of Alabama. All the objection I
have to this proposition is that I do not think
we ought to attach fundamental conditions to
the admission of States which relate solely to
unimportant matters of local legislation that
may be fairly left to the General Assembly of
the State.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I certainly think
we ought not to interfere with the local legis-
lation of Alabama ; but if they send a consti-
tution here which does, in direct terms, violate
the Constitution of the United States, we can-
not avoid interfering with it; and as I under-
stand the provision brought to our notice by
the Senator from New York, it prohibits the
collection of wharfage on wharves and store-
houses except as authorized by the Legislature.
There may have been, and probably are, hun-
dreds of wharves and erections over that water
which have not been authorized by the Legis-
lature, which have been erected there as a
matter of common right by virtue of the light
of property without any action of the Legisla-
ture on the subject; and this takes away from
all these property-owners the value of their
property, and prevents their collecting wharf-
age for it.
Besides, there is a conclusive argument
against this provision of the constitution of
