1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4043
cellaneous appropriation bill, the report of the
committee of conference which was acted on
to-day, it can be read, and it will be seen that
there is such a provision there.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is informed that the bill has gone to the other
House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can assure the Senator
from Pennsylvania that he will find that both
Houses in that bill have agreed to an express
piovision that no money shall be paid out of
the Tieasury for commissions on the negotia-
tion or sale or transfer or exchange of any loan
of the United States.
Mr. CAMERON. I believe that bill has not
become a law.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has passed both Houses.
Mr. CONNESS. It is an appropriation bill;
it must necessarily become a law.
Mr. CAMERON. Well, let us hear what
it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That bill
has gone to the other House to be enrolled.
Mr. CONKLING-. Does the Senator from
Pennsylvania withdraw the amendment?
Mr. CAMERON. No, sir. I still think this
had better be passed. The clause in the appro-
priation bill can only apply to sueh bonds as
were then authorized. This bill authorizes the
issue of a new edition of bonds ; and it can do
no harm to have this clause in. It is only
repeating the good word.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not like to incumber
this bill with this provision; and I say to the
Senator that it has now passed both Houses in
another bill. If the Senator has any doubt
about it. any member of the committee of con-
ference on that bill who is present can inform
him tliatitisso. The Senatorfrom Maine [Mr.
Morrill] was here and consulted me about the
terms of it. The only authority under which
commissions were paid was the law of April
11, I860, which authorized the exchange in
accordance with previous laws. That is ex-
pressly, in as few words as possible, repealed
in the appropriation bill.
Mr. CONKLING. How does it incumber
this bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill does not contain
any provision by which any commissions can
be paid to mortal man.
Mr. HOWARD. It will be a mere super-
fluity, then, and will do uo harm.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not know there was
such a provision in the bill that was passed
to-day on the report of a conference commit-
tee. I do know, however, that this was, until
a recent period, a customary provision in loan
bills. I have before me now the act of July
2, 1846. One portion of it is this :
" And provided furth-er. That no commission shall
be allowed or paid for the negotiation of the loan
authorized by this act."
I think it is a very wholesome provision ;
and if it be true, as the Senator supposes, that
it has already as to the action of Congress
become a law, as the Senator from Michigan
says, it will be merely surplusage to add it here,
it will not incumber or embarrass the bill, and
I hope it will be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
wish to ask the chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee a question in relation to the third sec-
tion. When our ten-forties were thrown ou
the stock exchange in London they imme-
diately went up, and they now stand at a pre-
mium of seven and one fourth per cent. Sup-
pose these new bonds shall be at a premium
of seven and one fourth per cent., are they still
to be sold at par for greenbacks? A thou-
sand-dollar bond in that case would be worth
$1,072 OU, and every time the Government
sold a bond of $1,000 it would be giving the
individual 5^72 50.
Mr. SI1E LiM AN. That question will enable
me to say the few words that 1 desire to say iti
regard to the third section of the bill. _ 1 was
expecting some Senator to move to strike out
the third section, so as to enable me briefly to
state the reasons why that section was inserted.
I will first, however, answer the question of
the Senator from New Hampshire.
Under this bill the new bonds of the United
States cannot rise above par in legal tenders.
In other words, legal tenders will always be
equivalent to these bonds. That is not the
case now; and it presents one of the most
vicious and scandalous features of our financial
system. Here is the holder of a note which
upon its face declares that the United States
owes the sum of five dollars and that note is
less valuable than any security of the Govern-
ment in market except a three per cent, certi-
ficate. That is the scandal and reproach of
the system. It is seized upon by our political
adversaries as a just ground of complaint. A
poor man may have $100 of United States notes
in his hands which are an over-due debt of the
Government of the United States. He cannot
get a bond for them; he can do nothing with
them except pay his debts; but every bond-
holder may exchange his bonds for notes. The
result is that the least valuable Government
security in the market is the over-due note on
demand of the Government of the United
States of America, while all the bonds are
above that in value.
The object of the third section is to give to
the holder of the United States notes the right
at his pleasure at any time to demand bonds
for them, so that it will not be possible here-
after that these notes which a man is compelled
to take willing or unwilling in payment of his
labor and in payment of his debts, shall be less
valuable than any other security of the United
States-.
I say, then, in response to the Senator from
New Hampshire that if this bill passes such a
state of affairs cannot occur, because this bill
will raise the value of the notes up at least to
the value of the new five per cent, bonds, and
I have no doubt that this provision will be the
most rapid, the most easy, the most natural
road to specie payments that can possibly be
devised by mortal man.
What is now the difficulty in the market?
Money is too abundant. Money is not valu-
able. The note of the Government which is
over due is now worth only seventy cents on
the dollar, while the five per cent, bond of the
United States is worth seventy-two ; the six
per cents are worth seventy-eight, and a bond
of 1881 is worth eighty-two. Why should that
be so? Why should not the note of the Gov-
ernment, which every man is compelled to
take in payment for his labor, have equal value
with the lowest security of the Government ?
There is no reason for it in the world. You
never can resume specie payments until you
elevate the value of the greenbacks up nearer
to the standard of both bonds and gold. This
is the crying scandal of our system now, and I
heard it last fail upon the stump and I never
could answer that point, that this note which
a man is required to take is less valuable than
any other form of Government securities. I
say the third section of the bill, which I regard
as the best feature in it, the only feature that
relates to currency and advances the value of
the currency, is important, for it will raise the
value of the greenback up to the standard of
gold.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
wish to know if the provision in the first sec-
tion which has just been amended will not
counteract the influence of which the Senator
speaks. All the money that comes from the
sale of these new bonds is to go into the Treas-
ury of the United States ; and itis to be used,
how? Exclusivtly for the redemption, pay-
ment, purchase, or exchange of the old bonds.
If you are to buy the old bonds in greenbacks,
that process is constantly throwing down the
value of your greenbacks quite as rapidly as
they will be elevated by the third section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I may represent the
idea better by the illustration of a yard-stick
or gold. A yard-stick represents the par; or
gold represents the par of all the money on
the earth. That is worth one hundred cents
on the dollar. Our bonds of 1881 are worth
eighty-two cents on the dollar. The_ five-
twenties are worth seventy-eight cents in the
markets of the world in gold. The five per
cent, bon ds are worth seventy-two. The green
back is worth seventy cents. What is the first
duty of the people of the United States?
Here is the greenback which is the promise of
the United States to pay so many dollars in
money. It is worth but seventy cents. Is it
not the duty of the United States to lift the
value of that greenback up nearer to the
standard, first of bonds, and finally of gold?
The operation of this section will be undoubt-
edly to raise the value of the greenback nearer
to that of the bond, and then both the bonds
and the greenback will gradually, as the credit
of the country is restored, advance to the par
of gold.
There are two ways of restoring specie pay-
ments. One is by contracting the currency
until it becomes so valuable as to be equal to
gold. That can only be done through distress
and ruin, through a disturbance of the prices
of all commodities and of all contracts in this
country. The other way is by the gradual pro-
cess pointed out by this bill, by raising the
value of your greenback nearer to the value
of bonds, and then of gold.
The principal objection that has been made
to the third section is that it provides for what
is called the oscillating process. Itis said that
if, by the rapid contraction of currency under
the operation of this law, from other causes or
from any panic or unforeseen events, money will
become more valuable than bonds, it provides
that the money may be supplied by a voluntary
exchange of the new bonds for currency. Thus
those bonds and the greenbacks will be con-
vertible one into the other, and both will ad-
vance to the standard of gold. I have no doubt
that that process, simply in itself, will do more
to restore our credit than any other feature of
this bill or of any bill that has been proposed.
I do not wish, under the terrible heat that is
prevailing in the Senate Chamber, to discuss
this matter further. I simply throw out these
ideas as most palpable, and leave the matter
to the Senate to judge.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I can-
not possibly take the view which the honorable
Senator from Ohio does of this third section,
and especially in the existing condition of the
law on the subject. The Senator says he wants
to bring the greenback up to the par of the
bond. Now, I wish to bring the bond, and
the greenback too, up to the par of gold. He
stops short of that. He wishes to place the
boud and the greenback on a level, but ho does
not design to place them all on a level with
gold, which is the object we wish to accom-
plish by the resumption of specie payments.
I do not agree with him, either, that the
process of reduction is to bring about distress.
That depends entirely upon how rapid or how
gradual it is. I have stated here before that I
am not in favor of doing tlie thing suddenly,
but I am in favor of moving toward that object
gradually and surely so as not to produce dis-
tress, but so as by degrees to get this currency
out of the market. There is one way in which
you can relieve the poor man that my friend
talks about, and that is to take out of the mar-
ket this depreciated currency not redeemed,
and I wish that our legislation should point in
that direction, so that we may have only one
currency, and that a sound one, and that all
our paper, whether it is in the shape of bonds
or in the shape of greenbacks, may be brought
to a par with gold.
The Senator has not answered the question
of my friend from New Hampshire. My friend
asked this question: the six per cent, bond
now in the market is above par some four or
live per cent.; this bill is predicated upon the
idea that the new five per cent, bonds running
for a longer time will be exchanged for then*
dollar tor dollar; then they will be above par
necessarily.
Mr. SHERMAN. Above par in what?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Above the nominal par.
