612
T3SB CONGRESSIONAL (ftOJIKi
January 18,
overstocked, and there is what political econo-.
mists often speak of, ''aglut in the market."
Sir, the time has never been when the markets
of the world were glutted. When that event
shall come, every home will lie well furnished
and every human heing well clothed. A
superabundance of the necessaries of life can
not exist while the urgent wauts of millions
canuot be supplied. Our markets are not
glutted. The stock of goods of every kind in
the hands of merchants is unusually low, and
there are unemployed people ia the country
who need them all and who would gladly labor
for the means to purchase them all. The
wretch that shivers in a chcerless home with-
out food, fuel, or adequate clothing; she who,
ill-fed herself, shares her last crust with her
hungry children; and they who iu the midst
of winter are deprived of the privilege of toil-
ing, and as their goods are thrown rudely into
the street realize a landlord's power when reut
is iu arrear, do not believe that the market is
glutted. Nor is it. The disease from which
we suffer is not glut or plethora. Its seat is in
the functions of circulation. It is congestion
produced by a financial tourniquet applied by a
charlatan. That phrase "glut in the market''
iuvolves a perversion of ttftms and is used to
express the fact that the masses are from some
cause unable to consume their usual supply of
the comforts or necessaries of life, it does
not, as it implies, express the fact that there is
an over supply of commodities essential to the
comfort of man, but that there is financial
derangement. It is a convenient phrase for
the theorist, a veil used to conceal a fact the
occurrence of which should admonish every
statesman that there is something wrong in the
prevailing practice of government.
The author of the next treatise on popular
fallacies should makeuglutin the market"
the subject of a leading chapter; for they who
use the phrase invariably confound terms and
designate the consequence as the cause. Thus
the Irish Republic, in the course of a very able
article in its issue of January 4, says:
"From >11 parts of Massachusetts and. Connecticut
we have been receiving, during the past six weeks,
the very unwelcome intelligence that mill owners
and manufacturers were either contracting their pro-
ducing operations or suspending them altogether.
Running half or qn&rter time appears to be the order
of the day; while'not unirequently the engine fires \
are blown out and the machinery left to rust in idle- |
ness. The eauso is obvious. There is little or no I
demand for goods. Tho cousetjueue ea are what we
have already stated. The hand-< of hundreds of thou-
sands of honest workmen are idle, and their children
are ill-fed and ill-clad under the biting blasts of a
North American winter."
Let me point out the fallacy of this state-
ment. Fires are blown out and machinery
left to rust in idleness, not because there is no
demand for goods, but because throughout the
South and West there is no circulating medium ;
with which to effect exchanges; and the policy ;
of the Secretary of the Treasury with the cry j
of the creditor class for resumption have de- I
stroyed confidence in individual credit. The j
proposition should be stated thus:
"There is little or no demand for goods. The cause
ia obvious: it is that the hands of hundreds of thou-
sands of honest workmen are idle, and their children
ill-fed and ill-clad, because mill owners and manu-
facturers have been compelled to contract their
operations and withhold from laborers employment
and wages with which th/ey would be able to pur-
chase the products of the farmer and manufacturer."
The general theory I am advancing ia not new,
and ia one that should never be disregarded by
those who legislate for the people of a republic.
Thesocial evils we are enduring, the bankruptcy
that is overtaking so many men of enterprise,
the want and enforced idleness that prevails so
largely among our laboring classes are due to
two caugea:—excessive internal taxation and
the curtailment of our currency at a time when
the numbers and activities of our people were
rapidly increasing. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury and his adherents are responsible for this
feneral prostration of credit and business,
'hey talk of the honor of the country, and the
necessity of maintaining it by making the paper
dollar equal to the gold dollar, and of hasten-
ingthe day when our bonds shall be paid in gold.
The means to which they resort will not pro-
duce the results they desire, but will defeat
them. Nor are those who resist them hostile
to the bond-holder. They aim to secure the
laborer the possession and just fruits of his
hard inheritance, and by the rapid development
of the boundless resources of the country and
the restoration of general prosperity to enable
tho Government to meet the utmost of its obli-
gations with honor at maturity. The contest
is between the creditor and the debtor class—
the men of investments and the men of enter-
prise ; aud duriug all such contests the laboring
classes are inevitable sufferers.
The issue thus raised is as old as civilization.
And now, as always heretofore, the creditor
class is the aggressor. Alison, in his history
of Europe from the fall of Napoleon to the
accession of his nephew, says :
" WhoeTer has studied with attention the structure
or tendencies of society, oither as they are portrayed
in tho annals of ancient story or exist in the com-
plicated relations of men around us, must have be-
come aware that th,e greatest evils which in the later
stages of national progress come to afflict mankind,
arose from the undue influence and paramount
importance of realized riches. That the rich in
the later stages of national progress are constantly
getting richer and the poor poorer is a common
observation, which has been repeated in every
age, from the days of Solon to those of Sir Robert
Peel; and many of the greatest changes which have
occurred in the world—in particular the fall of the
Roman empire—may be distinctly traced to the long-
continued operation of this pernicious tendency."
* * * " For the evils complained of arose from
the, unavoidable result of a stationary currcncy,
coexisting with a rapid increase in tho numbers
and transactions of mankind; and these were only
aggravated by every addition made to the energies
and productive powers of society."
Again, he says:
"But if an increase in the numbers and industry
of man coexists with a diminution in the circulating
medium by which their transactions are carried oil,
tho most serious evils await society, and the whole
rotations of its different classes to each other wilLbe
speedily changed; and it is in that state of things
that the saying proves true that the rich are every
day growing richer and the poor poorer."—Aliaon't
History of Europe, 1815 to 1S52, chapter 1.
As Sir Archibald Alison was not gifted with
more than'human prescience he could not
have forseen the condition of our country in
the years that are passing. If, therefore, he
described it, lie did so by declaring a general
law. That he did portray our condition with
nice discrimination no one can controvert.
Let us see how exact a compliance the con-
traction policy is producing with all the condi-
tions the conjunction of which he tells us must
produce the most serious evils to society.
The close of the war found us with a cur-
rency expanded somewhat beyond the amount
to which we had been used before the rebel-
lion, but with everybody in the North well
employed. Men of character were able to
borrow money at moderate rates of interest,
and were everywhere engaging in new enter-
prises that were not merely speculative, but
calculated to add to individual and national
wealth. Labor was in demand at fair wages.
It is true that food was high, for a great war
had raged through a series of years, and been
succeeded by years of drought or excessive
rain, during which the fields had not yielded
their usual crops. This no legislation could
have averted ;_but in spite of it the people at
large were prosperous and confident that a
fruitful year would adjust the cost of food to
the prices of other commodities. From ten to
twelve millions of our people, occupying more
than six hundred thousand square miles of our
most fertile territory, which abounded in water
power and varied mineral resources, were
almost without currency. Their whole capi-
tal, othef than lands and houses, railroads
and canals, had been invested in confederate
loans or otherwise exhausted. Their banks
and insurance companies were bankrupt. They
had cotton, tobacco, naval stores, and the
fields from which to produce them and all
other agricultural commodities. They had
laborers skilled in their arts of cultivation,
and willing to toil for wages unreasonably low,
but they had no currency, no circulating me-
dium with which to make commercial or other
exchanges of property or to pay their laborers,
At the same time an unusual stream of emi-
gration was flowing to us from transatlantic
countries. Enterprise was pushing rapidly
westward, and towns and cities were rising
where the buffalo had roamed over unbroken
prairies when the war began. With these ad-
ditions to our population aud to the area over
which it was to circulate what was there to
indicate the propriety of a curtailment of the
medium by which transactions between man
and man and community and community were
to be carried ou? For myself I was unable to
see any, and protested against the mad theories
of the Secretary ofjlie Treasury and his disci-
ples. In the course of my remarks on the 3d
of January, 1S07, to which I have alluded, I
said:
"Neither the Secretary of the Treasury nor Con-
gress know whether our currency is in excess of the
amount required by legitimate and healthful trade,
or if it be, how long it will remain so if undisturbed
by legislation. Nor can we settle these points by an
appeal to experience, for many of our conditions are
novel. That would be a curious and instructive cal-
culation which would show tho country the precise
demand tor currency created by tho operation ot tho
Bureau of Internal Revenue, or by the enlargement
ot the Army and Navy and clerical force of the Gov-
ernment.
"Under the discipline of Providence the southern
people will, before many years glide away, consent
to permit their fields to be tilled, their mines to bo
worked, and their cities to be rebuilt and expanded;
and who can tell the amount of currency that will
then be required by the four million enfranchised
slaves and the two million poor whites, who did not
in the past, but are henceforth to earn wages and
buy and seli commodities, or for handling the crops
and mineral productions of the South? Since wo
i last adjourned the iron horse has crossed Nebraska
; on one of the routes to the Pacific, and liis snort has
been heard in the neighborhood of Fort Riley on
another: and during the last year three hundred
thousand industrious people, who had been fed and
clothed through unproductive childhood at the cost of
other nations, came and cast their lot among us to til!
our fields, smelt our ores, work our metals, and man-
age our spindles and looms; and I cannotguess what
amount of currency these energetic people and the
westward-marching column of our civilization will
require. But, sir, of one thing I am certain, and it is
that had the Secretary of the Treasury not destroyed
all sense of security in the future, the demand for
currency to purchase, especially in the South, mineral
and other lands, anddevelop their productive power,
would have prevented the accumulation of the
immense deposits which now lie paralyzed in bank
or are loaned on call to speculators in the necessaries
of life. We unsettled values and made or scattered
fortunes by the rapid expansion of the currency;
and the people implore us to avoid another violent
change fraught with like consequences, and to stay
the work of contractton till we shall have ascertained,
at least proximately, the amount of currency required
by healthy and legitimate trade."
But, Mr. Chairman, gentlemen ask, do yon
not wish, to return to specie payments? I
answer, yes; but not by the way of bank-
ruptcy and repudiation ; and that way leads
contraction in the midst of an increase such
as never existed before in the numbers of men
and fields for their activity. Return to specie
payments! Are we doing it? No, sir. The
difference between the greenback and gold
dollar widens with each month. And while a
greenback dollar will buy less gold it will pur-
chase much more of any other commodity than
it would a year ago. The rate of interest
demanded for loans in the West and South is '
so inordinate that it has suspended enterprise
and must exhaust the resources of any man
who attempts to pay it; and while the labor-
ing people are idle the capital which should
furnish them employment may be borrowed
from the banks of Boston or New York, in
whose vaults the bulk of our currency has
accumulated, by those who have gold or United '
States bonds to offer as security, at four per
cent, per annum. Contraction has destroyed
confidence. The possessors of " realized
riches'' have no faith in spindles-and looms
that are producing goods for a falling market,
or forges and furnaces the productions of
which must be sold at a loss, and invest their
funds in Government bonds, or let them lie on
deposit till they can buy, at a small percentage
of their value, mills, factories, mines, and
other valuable properties, when bankruptcy
shall cause them to be exposed at public or
judicial sale. Sir, we are not on the road to
resumption, and will not be till we restore
confidence and quicken industry by repealing
