Q
020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
slitufcion is stricksn out, does it in the Senator's
judgment at all impair in the slightest degree
the light of the State to regulate the amount
of wharfage, and all that?
^ Mr. MORTON. I suppose the fact is that
the State of Alabama has not heretofore regu-
lated that wharfage in the way it ought to have
been. I have a letter in my desk complaining
bitterly of the exactions that have been made
at Mobile, especially on that part of the trade
intended to go up the Alabama river, and saying
that this clause in the constitution is necessary
for the purpose of protecting commerce upon
the Alabama river. It is simply a method,
perhaps not a very good one, of providing that
the question of wharfage shall be under the
regulation of the Legislature.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I am able
from information that I have received, to con-
firm what has been stated by the Senator from
Kansas, and also the cone! nsions of the Senator
from Indiana. I understand that there is at
Mobile a margin of land between what we may
call the main land and the water, which has
been made. It is what we call made land;
audit is on that land that the wharves are made,
and from it they are run out into the water.
'I he proprietors of that land undertake to lay
exorbitant tolls, to make egregious exactions
011 a particular commerce, especially that, I
understand, which comes from New Orleans.
Mr. MORTON. And Boston.
Mr. SUMNER. And perhaps Boston,
though that is not mentioned to me by my
informant; but I was told that the exactions
bore particularly on ships coming from New
Orleans. Whether the ships come from New
Orleans or Boston is of no importance; it
is enough that there are exactions made.
I understand that sometimes fees amounting
to several hundred dollars are demanded of
ships when something very slight would have
been all that was proper. The people there
knowing this evil, desiring to remove it, have
taken this way: they have in their constitution
specifically declared that the Legislature of the
State shall have jurisdiction of this matter;
and now shall we undertake to interfere?
Clearly not to my mind. There is an abuse,
according to all the evidence, at Mobile. The
question may arise, then, shall this rule be
applicable toother places; why confine it to
Mobile? The answer to that is that planters
on the rivers may impose the same exactions ;
abutting, as some of their plantations may, on
rivers, they may demand tolls or wharfage from
steamers or vessels that stop.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it not true of other
States, and why not have it in their constitu-
tions ?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator asks me if it
is not true of other States. We have no evi-
dence that in any other State there has been
an abuse. The facts show that in this State
there is and has been an abuse, and here is an
honest effort to meet it, and I think we ought
not to interfere with the effort.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The statement made
by the Senator from Kansas is quite sufficient
to show that this provision ought to be stricken
from this constitution. He says that tolls have
been exacted at Mobile, and that the people lor
years have tried to get rid of those tolls by
pioceedings in courts, and have failed.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not mean to say
that they have failed, because the matter is
siill in litigation. It is the exorbitant tolls
they are complaining of; not any others.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I tried to state the
Senator just as he stated himself: and if I did
not state him correctly, of course he is under-
wood now. Then there is a right that has
been litigated in the courts of soir.e sort, and
the purpose of this constitutional provision is
to Mnko that down. 1 submit to Senators, is
:ki! a proper mode of getting rid of aright
tl.us Hipported in the courts? A constitu-
tional convention is in session, and some parties
tli.it want to accomplish some dirty end per-
haps go to that body when the owners of pri-
vate property are not there, having no idea
when a government is being established and
the form of it fixed that their private rights
are to be attacked in a thing of that sort, and
the first they know of it they are stricken
down. Now, how does this stand ? Itappears,
according to the statement of facts, that the
State of Alabama granted riparian rights, the
right to the land adjoining the water. Does
that give any right?
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to correct my
friend as to that material fact, because I took
pains to inquire as to the facts of a gentle-
man who lives in Alabama, and though he
does not reside in Mobile is familiar with the
facts. These wharves are built on the accre-
tions of land outside of the laud patented by
the State of Alabama. They are held there on
land which probably formerly was within the
bounds of navigable rivers, but by the changes
of time has become made land. It is covered
probably by the general power of the United
States; probably the title is in the United
States. These wharves have been built there,
and they are now levying at Mobile §600 on a
vessel the wharfage of which at New Orleans
would be sixty dollars. It is a source ,of dis-
pute and controversy, and this provision was
inserted merely to place the undoubted juris-
diction over these wharves in the Legislature
of Alabama.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator exactly what he means. He says these
wharves are on accretions. Does he mean
made land or accretions ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Made land outside of the
old limit of the low-water mark.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the owner of the
land has extended his land by filling it in, he
has still that right. If it be an accretion, then
it is a very clear thing that the accretion be-
longs to him. As rapidly as the accretions are
formed the ownership goes with them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Not necessarily.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Necessarily. I saythat
is the law without exception, that the man who
owns the land owns the accretions.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me one moment, as he refers to the statement
made by the Senator from Ohio, I will say that
in the case reported in the Supreme Court iu
3 Howard the court decided flatly the other
way from that stated by the Senatorfrom Ohio,
that the title to the land was not in the United
States, that the United States had nothing in
the world to do with it, that it had been in the
State of Alabama, and had passed by the grant
of the State to its patentees. That was the
point in judgment, and that was decided. The
decision was as~to the identical land we are
now talking about.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then it stands adjudi-
cated that these parties own this land. Now,
I want to know of Senators if a man who has a
ship on the sea has a right to load and unload
upon my land without paying me anything for
it. Iu the absence of legislation, have I not the
legal right to demand of him for that use of
my property a reasonable compensation?
Mr. SHERMAN. Can you obstruct navi-
gation ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not prepared to
say whether I can entirely obstruct navigation;
but it is very clear that where I own land, a
man who wishes to unload his vessel oil my
land must pay for the use of it; and in the
absence of legislative regulation of the subject
1 have the right to charge whatever I choose
for that use, provided I charge what is reason-
able. Whether iu the absence of an express
contract 1 can charge more than a quantum
meruit I will not now undertake to discuss;
but that I have the right to charge a man who
loads and unloads his vessel on my property
for that use of my property is not to be ques-
tioned. There is no doubt about that. In the
absence of legislation I may make that charge ;
but in the interests of commerce I admit thac
it maybe regulated by legislation, as the use
of mill property may be regulated by legisla-
tion. I build my mill upon a stream that is
entirely within my own lands; I back the water
only to my upper line ; but still the Legislature
may regulate the tolls I may charge. In the
absence of legislative regulation may I not
charge a man that brings his grist to my mill
whatever is right, and can a constitutional pro-
vision come in and say that I have no such
right except as the Legislature confers it upon
me? Here is the case precisely. Here are
parties who own lands and have built wharves
upon them. Their right to that property has
been adjudicated by the Supreme Court. They
have, by virtue of their ownership, and not
because the Legislature has conferred it upon
them, a right to charge reasonably for the use
of their propft-ty. Here is a constitutional
provision to strike off that right, to say that it
is gone—a right that rests upon the grant of
the State; for a deed is a contract, and all
that follows that deed is secured by the con-
tract. Whatever I may claim under my deed is
secured by the contract. The State having
granted it to these parties they have, underthe
contract, the right to charge reasonably for the
use of their property. This constitutional pro-
vision undertakes to strike down that granted
right, and to say that the right no longer shall
rest upon the contract and upon the giant, but
that it shall rest upon legislative will. I ask
Senators if that can be done. I undertake to
say that there is dirt inside of this effort with
somebody. It may be that the proprietors
have charged too much. That can be regulated
any day by the Legislature. There is no diffi-
culty in that; but to say by a constitutional
provision that my right to charge, which rests
in the grant, shall be stricken down, and it
shall then rest only in legislative will, i3 a
palpable violation of a contract.
Mr. MORTON. It is very obvious, from the
reference made to the suits that have been
instituted in regard to this matter, and from
the complaints coming from Alabama, that
there is some great grievance there to be rem-
edied, and they have undertaken to do it in
this constitution. Now, sir, the question of
wharfage is a matter that is peculiarly within the
control of the Legislature. I undertake to say
that no riparian proprietor has any right, or can
acquire any right that is inimical to the gen-
eral commerce of the country. Therefore,
inasmuch as there are conflicting rights and
conflicting interests, while his interests are to
be protected, there is the greater interest of
the country and of commerce to be protected
also. Therefore it is that the regulation of
that may be placed properly in the Legislature;
and that is all, substantially, that this provis-
ion attempts to do. It is not like the question
of taking away the right to recover debts, the
question of repudiation, in direct and palpable
violation of the provision of the Constitution
of the United States; but the most that can be
claimed against it is, that it is a question of
the violation of a private right; but a right so
intimately connected with the public rights that
you cannot distinguish between them without
selecting some third party as the proper arbiter
and disposer. It simply says that these wharf
rates or tolls shall not be collected except
upon arrangement or authority of the Legisla-
ture ; in other words, the whole authority is
devolved upon the Legislature, where it prop-
erly belongs; and it is not a matter ot such
magnitude, or a matter involvingajmch a con-
stitutional question, that we may take hold of
it here.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, we seem
to be lost here in a very strange confusion, on
one side or the other, about this matter. The
honorable Senator from Ohio tells us that there
is no obligation of contract to be impaired
here. I should have more faith in that decla-
ration of his if he had not told us the san.e
thing in regard to Georgia, and if the Semite
had not by an overwhelming vote decided
against him in regard to that.
Now, let us see. stripping this of everything
except the admitted facts which we can com-
prehend in one moment, what this case is.
Here are men in Mobile, the patentees, as we
have the evidence before us, from the State of
