1996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*.
March 19,
tared rebel property, as was originally intended
to be used, to pay the expenses of this bureau
it would have cost the General Government
nothing. That report clearly shows that in the
States of Tennessee and Kentucky it has not
cost the General Government one dollar, but.
was self-sustaining beyond the sum of $22,986.
My object in introducing that report was to
give the facts in regard to the expenditures of
this bureau in those two States. I trust that
it will be continued. I desire, also, to read
confirmatory testimony from the report of Gen-
eral Carlia on this subject:
"It will bo impossible for two or three years to
secure anything like even-handed justice to the
freedmen owing to the character of the magistrates.
It is thoir habit in this State, when left to them-
selves, practically to ignore the colored-testimony
law. The bare statement of a white man outweighs
the solemn sworn testimony of unimpeachcdaDd un-
impeachable colored witnesses. And, where colored
men are concerned, the humane principle of the law
which requires a jury to incline rather to acquittal
than to conviction in doubtful cases is reversed.
Juries, as I know from long and close observation,
inelino toward the conviction of all colored persons
charged with crimes. But the evil is greatly increased
in those places where there are no real and influen-
tial friends of the freedmen to aid them. The bureau
will be necessary for years yet as guardians of the
lives and liberties of the freedmen.
"Very few murderers would ever be arrested for
the murder of freedmen wore it not for the presence
of the bureau. Civil officers rarely ever take any
measures to discover the perpetrators of the most
brutal murders. Take the whole number of murders
of freedmen in Tennessee within two years past,
numbering more than a hundred, and scarcely an
instance of arrest can be found by any constablo or
sheriff. The truth is, the freedmen need for a few
years to come the vigilant guardianship of the bureau
—a guardianship which should be extended to nearly
every county in Middle and West Tennessee. This
is a most critical time in the history of the freedmen.
Are they to go forward in the path of improvement
upon which they have entered with so much hope
and# promise, or will they relapse into their old
habits, live in poverty and ignorance, and become an
incumbrance to thobody-politic? This question is
to be answered by another. Will the Government at
Washington, through the bureau, and tho great
benevolent organizations at the North, through the
same agency continue for a few years the work
among the freedmen which has been so well com-
menced ? To stop now would be to lose a large part
of what has been so well done. The critical time
lias not been passed. The freed people are not able
yotto go alone. They are still like children, and a
little further help now will bo like seed sown in good
ground—*yield a hundredfold."
Now, sir, I desire to state, from my own per-
sonal observation, that I know this to be true.
It was only two days ago that the papers brought
to us a dispatch concerning two murders near
to my own town. Two colored persons were
murdered by-a rebel soldier, and yet no atten-
tion, so far as I have heard, was paid to them
whatever. I introduced into this House, some
weeks ago a resolution, and had it referred to
the Committee on Freedmen's Affairs, in re-
gard to a rebel organization known as the Kew
IClux Klan in the State of Tennessee. I would
like to know of the chairman of that commit-
tee if he can inform me what action has been
taken thereon?
Mr. ELIOT. In reply to the gentleman's
inquiry I will say that the resolution, immedi-
ately after being referred to the committee, was
submitted to the Commissioner of the bureau
for such information as he could obtain. Sub-
sequently the committee received from him a
communication addressed by the commissioner
in Tennessee, Mr. Walsh, to Brigadier General
Carlin on the subject referred to, which I will
place in the hands of the gentleman from-Ten-
nessee, that he may embody it, if he pleases,
in his remarks.
Mr. ARNELL. I desire to do so;
Bureau op Refug's, Freedm'n & Aban'd Lands,
Office Suh-Assistant Commissioner,
Nashville, Tennessee, January 11,1868.
General: In obedience to your instructions, I
proceeded to Pulaski, Tennessee, on the 9th instant,
to investigate the riot and murder, at that place, of
Orange Rhodes and the wounding of several others,
on the 7th instant. The riot was commenced by
Calvin Lamberth, (white.) After a thorough invest-
igation I find the following to be the facts:
Some time last summer a feud originated between
Calvin Lamberth (white) and Calvin Carter (colored)
about some matter ot trade, which left a disagree-
able feeling between the parties, butas it was a small
and trifling matter no difficulty arose from it. The
immediate origin of the riot was from Calvin Carter
(colored) interfering with a colored strumpet, Lucy
Reynolds, kept by Calvin Lamberth, (white.) Calvin
Carter (colored) had threatened to whip said Lucy
Reynolds if he caught her going to Lamberth's house.
Whitlock Fields (colored) was with Carter at the
time that Carter said he would whip the woman.
Tho woman, Lucy Reynolds, who frequented Lam-
berth's store at unseasonable hours, informed Lam-
berth what had been said by Carter and Whitlock
Fields. On the 7th instant Lamberth (white) was
hunting Carter (colored) stating he would kill him
on sight, and about nine o'clock on that morning he
(Lamberth) went into John Carter's grocery store,
still looking for said Calvin Carter (colored) and hav-
ing a stick in his hand, but failed to find him. About
one o'clock in the day Lamberth, with John Ken-
nedy and two other friends, went and stood in front
of John Carter's grocery, with pistols in their hands.
The town constable, II. Arnet, dispersed them, In
about half an hour after Lamberth (white) again
went over to the grocery with a stick in one hand
and a pistol in the other, and stood in front looking
for Calvin Carter. Whitlock Fields stood in Wash-
ington Rhodes' house and told Calvin Carter (col-
ored) that Lamberth (white) was coming. Without
further provocation Lamberth then shotat Whitlock
Fields twice, and then in return Fields snapped a
cap—his pistol would not go oft". Immediately upon
the firing the young men of thctown ran out of their
several houses carrying double-barrel shot guns and
pistols, already loaded for the occasion, and drew
up in front of John Carter's grocery store in line.
The negroes who were in the grocery store, number-
ing eight, attempted to defend themselves, a few of
them having pistols. The whites who were in line
then made a genoral attack, firing volleys into the
house. At this time Mr. Malone was trying to quell
the disturbance, and told the negroes that the whites
had promised to keep back ifthoy would keep quiet.
Under Mr. Malone'a advice tho negroes crowded
back into a heap in the house and doorway, and as
they were thus huddled together the whites rushed
up and again fired into them. The result of this
volley was the killing and wounding of the follow-
ing colored men : Orange Rhodes, mortally; Calvin
Carter, supposed mortally; Ben. Nelson, severely;
Tom Butler, severely; John Carter, slightly; Calvin
Carter, slightly. None of the whftes were injured.
There were eighteen white men firing into the col-
ored at ten paces distant. Orange Rhodes, killed,
was known to be, both by white and black, one of
the best colored men in the country, being orderly
and peaceable. The mayor, town constable, Mr.
Richardson and Mr. Malone, deserve great credit for
their exertion in quelling the riot, and ran the risk
of their lives in doin£ so. Some of the white men
engaged m this were Calvin Lamberth, John Ken-
nedy, McLumore, James Taylor, jr., Mclvinney,
Sterling Payne, Robert Moore, Black Richardson,
Macy Ezell, McOrea, Percy, and Ed. Black.
Tho white men, waiving an examination, were
placed under bonds of SI,500 each to appear before
the criminal court.
From all the facts and evidence that could be ob-
tained it is evident that this difficulty was sought and
brought on by Lamberth, and that the parties who
aided and assisted him were prepared and ready for
such an emergency. Therebemgonly eightnegroes,
and a few of these armed, proves (contrary to the
assertion made) that they were not prepai ed for the
murderous assault made. Circumstances further
prove that the white men acted upon this occasion
from preparation and preconcerted action, for an
instant alter the first firing by Lamberth eighteen
white men drew up in line in front of the store, pre-
pared for action. From the readiness in which these
men attended upon this occasion it could only be
done by an organization well matured and drilled.
There is reason to believe, and circumstances and
affidavits warrant the belief, that such an organiza-
tion is in existence, and that it is called the "ICew
Klux Klan," having for its end tho expulsion of
loyal men, whites and blacks, from the counties of
(Tiles and Mauray, and thus terrorizing, similar to
that which was general in the country about the
breakingoutof the rebellion. Thepartics,numbers,
and intentions of such Klan is not as yet definitely
known, but sufficient of tho Klan and its intention
is known, however, as to warrant its prompt sup-
pression.
I am, General, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, MICHAEL WALSH,
Suh-Asnxstant Coir>mifs<jioner.
Official: S. W. GROESBECK,
Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant General*
Official: . E. WHITTLESEY,
Acting Assistant Adjutant General.
Brevet Major General W. P. Carlin, Assistant Com-
missioner, Tennessee.
Mr. ARNELL. I will state, too, that I
have already received anonymous notice, pur-
porting to come from this "klan," that for hav-
ing presented such a resolution in this House I
may expect summary midnight justice when-
ever I return to my home. I am not disposed
to bandy words and be brave one thousand
miles from my antagonist. I do not propose
to make any cheap reputation in that respect.
I simply mention the fact.
It was only the other morning that the news-
papers brought to us a dispatch stating that
Major General George H. Thomas had informed
the General of the Army concerning the con-
dition of affairs in Tennessee, and asking his
advice in regard to them. He stated that they
were of such a character that it was necessary
that they should be looked after. Everyt one
is very well aware that there is nothing sensa-
tional at least in General George H. Thomas.
This bureau ought to be continued, and is
absolutely necessary for the protection of life
and liberty of the Union men in Tennessee.
It is the blue-coated guardian of liberty at the
South. It is not enough to cr^ Peace I peace!
The air is already "promise crammed."
Slavery has been overthrown, but you can have
no peace until you pluck its roots out of the
American soil. We need at the South both
the moral and physical power of the General
Government. War still exists there, and the
country ought to understand it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, before I reply,
as 1 shall very briefly, to some of the statements
which have been made in connection with this
bill, I want to brush away a foul slander that
has found a mouth-piece on this floor. I do
not know that the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] is to be congratulated that he has
found opportunity to inject into this discussion
a slander born of private ill will and personal
unkindness.
Mr. Speaker, the experience which I have
had in discussions upon this floor would have
profited me not much if I had not somewhat
anticipated that from some quarter reference
might be made to that calumny which I had
observed, as it seems also to have come to the
notice of the gentleman from New York. Sir,
there is no slander so destitute of truth, so
without foundation ; there is no calumny so
foul, so mean, that will not, when it is thrown
upon the air by an envenomed tongue, as it flies
hither and yon, find some friendly voice to give
it circulation ; and the author of this calumny,
not more destitute of all foundation of truth
than it is full to overflowing of u envy, malice,
and all uncharitableness," may be himself
congratulated that this offspring of his unkind
heart has found a fit god-father in the gentle-
man from New York. And yet the gentleman
does not indorse the slander! No, sir; he
does not add the weight of his great name, but
he gives it circulation, and now from this
House, from the gentleman from New York,
it takes its start.
Mr. Speaker, when that falsehood came to
my notice, I addressed a note to the Commis-
sioner that I might be able to know what the
fact was, and I have this answer:
War Department,
Bureau op Refugees, Freedmen
and Abandoned Lands,
Washington City, February 18,1868.
Dear Sir : Yqu have called my attention to an
absurd charge made against me. that I have said or
done something which looked as if 1 favored the in-
termixture by marriage of the white and black pop-
ulation. This charge originated with certain men
who hate me. 01 course, there is no shadow of truth
in it. In all the bureau work promoting marriages
I havehadiio case of this kindto act on, and noneis
known at my offico. As a board the trustees have
never considered the subject, and have never to my
knowledge privately or officially sought to do so.
Whatever words I may have used, this charge is un-
true.
Very truly, yours, < O.O.HOWARD,
Major General, Commissionert See.
Hon. T. D. Eliot,
Now, I ought to believe that the gentleman
from New York will be as glad as I certainly am
to have this slander nailed hereto the counter,
and I am, upon the whole, not sorry to have
had this opportunity to drive the nail in hard
and clinch it fast.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman allow me
to produce my authority?
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir; you had it in your
hand when you repeated the slander. It is
signed " Brown. "
Mr. WOOD. No, sir; it is not.
Mr. ELIOT, If the gentleman has got a
name to his authority he may give it.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman will allow
the Clerk to read the authority, which I was
careful to soy I did not guaranty to be true, I
will send it to the Clerk:s desk.
Mr. ELIOT. Is it not anonymous?
