4044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
Mr. SHERMAN. That is paper.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly. I am
speaking now of the comparison merely. I am
not on the other point. They are nominally
above par in paper. My friend says they will
be exchanged for these new bonds. Very well;
if a six per cent, bond is to-day worth 105,
and the five per cent, bond will be exchanged
for it, then^ that five per cent, bond will be
worth 105 in the estimate of those who make
the exchange.
Mr. CATXELL. And so will $100 in green-
backs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No ; because they are
not up to that. But what do we do in tliat case ?
We take $100 in greenbacks for a bond which
is worth $105, and which is only worth $105
because we agree to take it for that. There-
fore, whatever our five per cent, bond may be
worth in the market, under the operation of
the bill, we have got to take $100 in green-
backs for it; that is to say, we have got to take
that which is nominally $100 for that which is
really $105.
Mr. CATXELL. The Senator from Maine
objects, then, to increasing the value of green-
backs.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN, No, sir; I do not ob-
ject to that, but this provision simply increases
their value so far as they are used in exchange
for the bonds. JSfon constat, to use a legal
phrase, that, they will buy more in the market,
that they will buy more beef or more pork or
more flour or anything else in the way of com-
modities than they buy to-day; but they will
buy our bonds which are nominally 105, be-
cause by the law we say we will take them for
them. You donotraisethe valueof thegreen-
back for any purpose in the world except to
buy the bond with it; and you will buy the
bond with it because the law says it shall be
taken for that purpose. That may be right
enough ; but the answer of my friend's ques-
tion is in fact precisely what I- say it is; you
oblige yourself to take $100 in greenbacks in
exchange for a bond which you can sell to any-
body else in the market for $105 iu greenbacks.
You raise the greenback iu that way, to be sure
nominally. I do not know but that it is light;
A am not objecting specially to it. The
ground of my objection to the whole system
is that as long as the law stands as it does now
you are providing in this third section for an
indefinite emission of bonds. Why? Because
you must keep out the greenbacks; you say by
your law that the quantity of greenbacks shall
not be reduced below $356,000,000, where it
stands now.
Mr. SHERMAN. That they shall not be
canceled.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; that they
shall not be canceled beyond that amount. So
long as you do not cancel them they are sub-
ject to the uses of the Treasury. What is the
consequence? A bond is brought in, is sold
for greenbacks, one of these bonds if you
please that money goes into the Treasury, and
it is paid out by the 1'reasury ; it is there, and
will be used. It goes out into the community.
You must take it in exchange for your bonds,
find thus you are constantly increasing your
funded debt, running it over and over, and
l'or no purpose whatever that I can see, and
you are indefinitely extending the greenback
system.
Mr. SHERMAN. Suppose $100,000,000
of greenbacks should come in and be funded
into bonds, does the Senator suppose they
would come in indefinitely until we got out
several hundred thousand millions of bonds?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how
far you would get it to. The only limit is as
to the $400,000,000 of greenbacks ; but as to
the bonds you may go to any extent.
Mr. SHE RMAN. The greenbacks cannot
be p;iid oat unless the people bring these very
bonds to exchange for them. According to
the Senator's argument they would never do
it because the bonds are worth 105.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 say, if they do bring
them back that will be the consequence.
Mr. CATTELL. Then we get the green-
backs out of the way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But you do not get
them out of the way; you are using them all
the time.
Mr. HOWARD. Why not cancel them?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because a law passed
at this session prohibits their cancellation.
Mr. HOWARD. Down to a certain mini-
mum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Three hundred and fifty-
six or three hundred and sixty millions. They
are canceled down to that already. That is to
say, that is about all there are out. You do not
go beyond that; and I cannot see—unless my
friend can explain to me, and if he will I shall
be very much obliged to him—as long as you
cannot cancel tliese notes, and are not per-
mitted to cancel them, what is to prevent the
purchase of bonds over and over by an ex-
change of greenbacks just as long as they are
in the market. The Senator says the bonds
will be broughtback again and the greenbacks
paid out for them ; but the greenbacks are
paid out for something else; they are paid out
l'or the ordinary expenses of the Treasury.
My friend from New Jersey shakes his head.
What is to prevent this operation ? Will he
tell me now?
Mr. CATTELL. I will answer the question.
The greenbacks exchanged for these bonds are
not part of the current money of the Treasury
to be paid out again, but they are to be held in
reserve to pay these bonds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where does my friend
find any such thing?
Mr. CATTELL. In the very nature of the
bill itself. This money must be held, because
the holder of the bond has the right to bring it
and exchange it.
Mr. SHERMAN. And the law forbids the
cancellation of the greenbacks, so that there
must be $350,000,000 either in circulation
among the people or in the XVeasury to answer
every call.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But my friend from
New Jersey says it all will be in the Treasury,
and must be kept there.
Mr. CATTELL. All that will be funded.
That is the very point I make. Surely by the
provisions of this bill the Treasury cannot use
this money in meeting the current expenses
when they come under obligation to return it
again when these bonds are presented for pay-
ment.
^ Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend is mistaken.
They can use and they will use it, and must
use it; and when the bonds are presented thoy
must find enough greenbacks to take them up.
There is nothing in this bill which provides for
that contingency. My friend says that will be
the necessary operation. I differ with him en-
tirely. It may not be the necessary operation,
because there is no provision in the bill which
compels the Secretary of the Treasury to keep
these greenbacks there. If you change the
law and let them be canceled, very well; but
suppose you do not change the law and it is as
my friend says, what is the effect? Then you
are contravening the provisions of that very
law, because you are reducingthe greenbacks—
I want to accomplish that—far below the
amount which you yourselves have fixed, be-
cause if you must keep them in the Treasury,
it is all the same as if tliey were canceled ; in
fact, for the purposes of circulation in the
country, they are so.
Mr. CATTELL. Thoy will come out again
if currency is wanting.
Mr. FTSSSENDEN. But suppose the cur-
rency is not wanting?
Mr. CATTELL. Then they ought to be
there
Mr". FESSENDEN. If my friend concedes
that, that is so much; but I apprehend that
would not be the operation. It strikes me that
it is a contrivance with reference to that mat-
ter, and it amounts to nothing more than that.
It is making the Government a banker to a
certain extent. When a man has money that
he does not know what to do with he buys a
bond with it, aud the Govetnment. says, " We
will keep your money for you, and let you have
a bond bearing fiveper cent, interest, and when
you want it again come and take it;" that is
to say, the Government is paying everybody
who has a surplus of greenbacks five per cent,
interest for the privilege of taking care of his
money until he wants it; and five per cent,
gold interest, too; seven per cent, in paper.
That is all there is of it that I can perceive. I
do not believe in the section nor in the con-
trivance. I do not believe it will have the
effect gentlemen think, and I am opposed to
the whole of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to reply very briefly
to the honorable Senator from Maine. The
Senator would seem to infer that this process
of funding the debt was something very novel.
[ desire to state that this very provision- is in
the law of February 25, 1862, which was re-
ported by the honorable Senator from Maine,
and without this provision the legal-tender
clause, in my judgment, would never have
passed Congress. The reason was this: the
Government of the United States was unable
to pay its notes in gold. What was the next best
thing? It said, "We will issue §150,000,000
of legal-tender notes ; we are not able to pay
them in gold, but we will do the next best
thing."
Mr._ FESSENDEN._ I ask the Senator if
there is any provision in that law that a man
holding a bond may at any time bring it back
and receive pay in greenbacks ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One part of the pro-
vision was in that bill I know, but the other
part of it was not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
not interrupt mc. I will answer him before I
get through. The very principle, almost in
hcec verba the words of this bill, was contained
in the act reported by himself, of February 23,
1862 ; and without the provision the legal-ten-
der clause never could have passed. If the
Senator will look back at the argument that
he and I both used at that time he will find
that this clause was commented upon as one
of great importance. Why? "We are not
able to pay off in gold our notes ; we must coin
our credit; we must issue $150,000,000 of
legal-tender notes ; we must compel everybody
to take them ; but as we cannot pay in gold
we will give them something as good as gold ;
we will do the next best thing; we will give them
our bond and, according to the language of
this law, it was provided :
And any holders of said United States notes de-
positing any sum not less than fifty dollars, or some
multiple of fifty dollars, with the Treasurer of ths
united States, or either of the Assistant Tieasnrers,
shall receive ill exchange thereof duplicate certifi-
cates of deposit, one of which may be transmitted to
the becrctary of the Treasury, who sholl thereupon
issue to the holder an equal amount of bonds of the
United States.
Thatis, thefive-twenty bonds, ltso happened
as the war progressed that it was necessary for
us to depreciate the value of the United States
notes in order to induce them to flow more
rapidly into the Treasury. What did we do?
It was then our policy during the war to depre-
ciate the value of these notes, so that they
would come into the Treasuiy more freely for
our bonds. Why, sir, we did a very natural
thing for us to do, we increased the amount to
§800,000,000, then to $450,000,000, and we
took away this important privilege of convert-
ing them into bonds on the ground that while
this privilege remained the people would not
subscribe for bonds, and the notes would not
be converted; that the right a man might
exercise at any moment he would not exer-
cise at all; and on this ground that this clause
prevented the conversion of the United States
notes, we repealed it by the act of March,
1863.
Now, what was the duty of the United
States, as soon as the war was over, when we
no longer had occasion to borrow money? it
was to restore to these notes their former
value. Every privilege that was given to them
under former laws ought to have been promptly
