1668.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
needless taxes which ate giving foreign manu-
facturers an advantage in our market, and de-
prive the Secretan' of the Treasury of his power
to contract the currency and tamper with the
market value of every species of property by
secret operations in gold and the credit of the
country.
Mr. Chairman, the Secretary and his adher-
ents will assumte to find a response to the sug-
gestions I have made in the facts set forth by
the Special Commissioner of Revenue in his
able and valuable report that the income of the
contitry from either internal revenue and cus-
toms has not fallen off during the last two
years. The Commissioner's statements are
indisputable, and I thank him for the industry,
patience, and care he has exhibited in procur-
ing and digesting the materials for his report.
But, sir, there is a fact that deprives this re-
sponse of anything like conclusive power. It
is not alluded to by Mr. Wells, because ittouched
110 point he assumed to discuss. Let me state
it. The revenues of the country from 1800 to
1865 were derived from the loyal States. Dur-
ing that time the confederate States did not
contribute to our public revenue, and Maryland,
Kentucky, Tennessee, and Missouri were rav-
aged by war. To find a reply to my argument
In the Commissioner's report it should show
not only that our revenues during the last fiscal
year have exceeded those of 1864 and 1865 in
the ratio of our ordinary growth and progress,
but also how largely the ten States now being
reconstructed, with Missouri, Tennessee, Ken-
tucky, and Maryland, when freed from the
tramp of war, were able to contribute to the
resources of the country. To this fact the Com-
missioner does not allude. No, sir; it requires
the contributions made by the people of the
insurgent and border slave States during the
last fiscal year to furnish the Commissioner
with the gratifying figures he presents to the
country and its creditors. A fair statement of
the accountwould contain theamount received
from the southern States as a credit and be
debited with the amount lost by the paralysis
of industry and the productive power of the
North. Were the account thus stated it would
be apparent to all that, notwithstanding the
addition of fifty per cent, to the taxable popu-
lation, the current revenue derived by the Gov-
ernment was not increased, but simply steadily
maintained.
Gentlemen may say that the South has yielded
but little internal revenue besides that derived
from the cotton tax, and I freely admit that she
has not contributed so largely as we might well
have hoped; but I affirm that her contributions
would have been much greater had our policy
been wiser. It has affected that section of the
country more potently for evil than it has the
North. Our society was not disorganized and
our industrial force was admirably arranged
and producing its best results, yet we are suf-
fering derangement and paralysis. Wide sec-
tions of the South had been ravaged by war,
and, as I have already said, its financial institu-
tions and the accumulated capital of its citizens
not invested in lands and buildings had been
absorbed by the confederate loan or consumed
in the war; but by judicious treatment its recu-
peration should have been so rapid as to have
been the marvel of the world. That the natural
resources of the South are greater than those
of the North is undeniable. She is capable of
producing every agricultural product that can
be grown in our climate. Her mineral resources
are greater and more varied than ours; she lies
near the sea and abounds ill navigable rivers,
affording cheap water transportation to sea-
ports for the greater portion of her productions,
and to her belongs the monopoly of\.the pro-
duction of cotton, fine tobacco, rice, Snd naval
stores, and, until now that we are availing our-
selves of the beet, of the sugar fields of the
country also. Immense bodies of land, as fertile
as any in the country, and which has never
felt the pressure of the plowshare, are to be
found in every southern State. Louisiana alone
has sixty thousand such acres which will yield
cotton or sugar, wheat or corn. Marvelous as
was the increase of the productive power of the
loyal States during the war, that of the sou .hern
States almost equaled it. Gentlemen will not
forget that her Merrimac had sunk the Cum-
berland before our first monitor was ready to
measure power with her. Great Britain sup-
Elied her with much of her munitions of war,
ut the unmechanical South overwhelmed us
with surprise by the large share of these she
produced for herself, (jfeat Britain again, in
defiance of our admirable blockade, clothed
many of the confederate soldiers, but the spin-
dles and looms of the constantly increasing
factories of the South were each year supplying
a larger percentage of cloths for civic and mili-
tary wear. She had depended on New England
for boots and shoes, but she found that she could
tan her own hides, and people were found to
make boots and shoes, 'lhomasville, North
Carolina, is the Lynn, though not the only
shoe manufacturing town of the South. With-
out detaining the committee by details of the
improvement and extension of her railroad
system, I will mention the fact that though
Virginia and North Carolina had never been
able to build a road from Danville to Greens-
boro', whereby a central through route from
North to South would have been completed,
that road wasjsuilt in the first year of the war.
This increased the value of every foot of a
chain of roads extending from Richmond to
New Orleans, and which now carries a large
portion of the freight passing between the
eastern States of the North and the South and
Southwest.
But, sir, without elaborating the point, let
me state in general terms that the value of the
lands of the South were trebled by the recog-
nition of facts which the war Compelled the
southern people to recognize, namely: that
they could raise their own food, and that they
had advantages over those on whom they had
hitherto depended for food for man and beast
in the markets of the eastern "States, Central
and South America, the West India Islands,
and Europe. As cotton and sugar had been
the only crop of the greater portion of their
country the people had come to believe that
they had but one harvest season—that in which
those crops were gathered and prepared for
market. But when the armies of the confed-
eracy had to be fed from the fields within its
lines they discovered that they had three har-
vest seasons—the spring for wheat and grasses,
summer for corn, and autumn for cotton and
sugar. And in this very year many a broad
acre, after having yielded its golden harvest of
wheat, will have the stubble turned under and
be planted in corn that will mature before the
frost threatens it. The necessities of the war
also taught them the value of deep plowing,
fertilizers, and of keeping procreative stock for
the work for which they had kept only mules
in the past. As an illustration of the value ot
these discoveries, let me say that it is within
my knowledge that Mr. McDonald, of Con-
cord, North Carolina, in order to settle the
question of the value of deep plowing and
the application of phosphates in the produc-
tion of cotton, tried two experiments on fields
which together embraced one hundred acres
of land that had ever been regarded as too
poor for cotton land. Wishing to make the
experiment for public as well as private ad-
vantage, Mr. McDonald took the opinion of
the planters of his section of the State as to
the possibility of nlaking cotton on such land,
and found no man among his neighbors or
visitors who believed that it would return him
the value of the seed with which he would
plant it. But with a heavy old-fashioned Penn-
sylvania plow he broke'the land and turned in
a given amount of super-phosphate to the acre,
and lo, when the season came for gathering
cotton he had the demonstration that the poor-
est land in Cabarras county had been made to
yield the finest crop of cotton ever raised
within her limits, and which many of her citi-
zens pronounce the finest ever raised in North
I Carolina. The many intelligent planters who
j observed this experiment now know that by the
! aid of proper implements and adequate stimu-
j lants to the soil their fields maybe made to yi- Id
a hundred per cent, more cotton than they ever
have yielded, and that with but fifty per cent,
of the labor hitherto applied.
But, as J have before said, the people of this
wonderfully endowed section of our country
were without a circulating medium. This was
their paramount necessity. For the want of it
all their interests were suffering. The Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue Suggests that our
Condition is such that "soothing and sustain-
ing" treatment rather than the " heroic" is
most likely to promote and hasten our recovery,
and I beg leave to inquire whether his suggestion
is not much more applicable to them. Inordi-
nate taxes have borne more heavily upon the
people of the South than upon us, and contrac-
tion has operated with still more aggravated
1 severity upon them, as whatever redundancy
there may have been in our currency at the close
of the war would have been absorbed by the invit-
ing fields of enterprise offered by the South, and
would have gone there to quicken her resources
and enable her people to consume dutiable
goods and those l'rom which internal revenue
is collected by the sale of stamps. That the
productive power the war developed in the
South has been suppressed by lack of cur-
rency, and that by contraction we are abstract-
ing from her people the little they had is be-
coming apparent to every observing man. We
find evidence of it in every paper that comes
from the South. The Standard. (Raleigh, North
Carolina.) of the 4th instant, says:
" Everything aeeras to have fallen in price cxcept
breadstuff's and meats, which maintain former prices
on account of their scarcity. Judgmehts are passed,
execution sales are common, the bankrupt law is
taking: hold of estate altcr_ estate, property of all
kinds is rapidly falling in price, lands are changing
hands and will goon be knocked off for a mere song;
and there is no prospect, so far as we can see, that this
conditioner things will speedily improve. One of
the first effects Will be to Src'atly restrict if not abol-
ish the credit system. Every step, no matter how
painful or how much to be deplored, is in that direc-
tion. Credit is based on confidcnce between man
and man. and where there is no confidence there can
be no credit. The eiid will bo that a large majority
of our people will find it impossible to meet their
obligations, and must have indulgence in some way,
or the hard earnings of many years will be sacrificed
under the sheriff's hammer or in courts of bank-
ruptcy."
And a correspondent of the New York Tri-
bune, writing frorfi Hiiies^ille, Liberty county,
Georgia, last month, says :
" A sale has taken place at this county seat that so
well marks the extreme depression in th,e money
markot that I send yott the particulars: Colonel
Quai&erman, of this county, deceased, and hia exco-
utor, Judge Feattcr, was compelled to close the
estate. The property was advertised, as required by
law, and on last court dny it was sold. A handsomo
residence at Walthourville, With ten acres attached,
out-bouses, and all the necessary appendages of a
first-class planter's residence, was sold for $50. Tho
Sarohaser was tho agent of the Frecdmen's Bureau.
!is plantation, four hundred and fifty acres of prime
land, brought $150; sold to a Mr. Fraser. Sixty-Mx
acresof other land near WaltbourVille, brought three
dollars; purchaser, Mr. W. I), Bacon. These xners
all bona fide sales?* It icas court day, and « large con-
course of people were present. Tht most of them were
In rpr property turiiers, but realty had not Jive dollars ill
their pocltets, and in consequence would, not bid. as the
sales were for cash. In Montgomery, Alabama, lota
on Market street near thecnpitol, well located. o0 feet
I: by 110feet averaged about two hundred andfifty dol-
5 larscach. The Welsh residence on Perry street, two-
i! story dwelling houses,.including tour lots, sold for
! $3,500; Dr. Robert M. Williams was tho purchaser.
■ The same property irt hotter times won.d not have
I! brought less than $10,000. The Loft in place, near
j; Montgomery, ootitaininff one tliousanu ticrcs, was
' recently rented at auction for forty centd an acre,
i; The samfe lands rented the present year for three
| i dollars an acre."
It is proper that I should admit that some-
thing of this depression is due to the resistance
i leading men of the South present to her con-
stitutional restoration to the Union and the
hostility the baser sort of hef people exhibit
toward northern settlers; yet there are wide
sections of the country into which northern men
may go and find themselves welcomed as bene-
factors if thev go to engage in any industrial
pursuit; and it mu«t also be admitted that under
