1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4045
restored, unless we made them up to par of
gold by retiring them from currency. That we
could have done if we chose to embarrass our
people then engaged in business. If we could
not do that, we ought at least to give the hold-
ers of these notes our bond bearing interest.
Why not? I ask any Senator—and my friend
from Maine will find it very difficult to answer
this question—why should not a man who
holds these notes in his hands, which he is
compelled by your laws to take, have the right
to convert them into a bond? Why should
they be less valuable than the bond? Why
should he be compelled to sell at a discount
in order to get a, bond? Sir, it is wrong in
principle, and from the very beginning of peace
we ought to have restored this right to convert
the legal-tender note into a bond, and the fail-
ure to do it, it seems to me, has postponed
specie payments.
JBut we repealed this provision during the
war in order to take away this privilege, on the
very ground that the man who had this privi-
lege all the time would not exercise it. There
was no substantial difficulty in regard to tbe
right to convert these notes into bonds. That
was so plain and palpable a provision that the
Committee on Finance had not much trouble
about it; but here wa3 the difficulty : it was
feared that if this right to convert alone was
given the result would be that in times of great
expansion, when everythingwasfreeandmoney
was plenty, this money would flow ini-o bonds
rapidly, and then by a sudden contraction in
the money market, there would not be suffi-
cient currency to carry on the operations of the
Government. There would be no flexibility
in the movement. During specie payments,
when bank notes are thrown out freely at one
time, and come back freely at others, that fur-
nishes a flexible currency, a convertible cur-
rency.
It was feared by many Senators, members
of the Committee on Finance and others, that
if you made this rule only work one way; that
is, if you authorized the floating currency to
go into bonds, the time might come of contrac-
tion, when it would become necessary, until
specie payments were resumed, when the banks
could perform their functions, to furnish some-
thing in the nature of an oscillating movement;
that is, when your bonds, by a sudden con-
traction of the currency, fall below par, cur-
rency was needed to carry on the operations
of the Government, it was felt to be right that,
until we were able to redeem these notes at
par in gold, we should give to the holders of
the bonds, which were another form of our
credit, the right to present them at the Treas-
ury of the United States for the notes, and
thus furnish the means by which a flexibility
would be given to the operations of the cur-
rency.
In the first place there was a good deal of
doubt, as to the limit. Some preferred, like
my friend from Missouri, [Mr. Henderson,]
that there should be no limit in this oscillating
movement; that is, that the $400,000,000 of
greenbacks should not be the fixed limit; but
when we looked at the law we found that the
United States had agreed never to issue more
than $400,000,000. Therefore we thought the
$400,000,000 should be the necessary limit.
On the other hand, my friend from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] thought that it ought in no
event to go beyond the present amount, be-
cause we had gradually got down to the pres-
ent amount, and we ought not to provide that
by any possibility there should be an increase
of this amount.
1 do not suppose myself that the operations
of this law would ever call out of the Treasury
a greater amount than the present circulation
in the country; but I believe the effect of this
provision, simple in itself, would be, first, to
reduce all that margin between bonds and
paper, and gradually to bring them to the
standard of gold, and that this right to present
a bond to the Treasury of the United States
for greenbacks is a right that will probably
never be exercised to any considerable extent.
My own conviction is, and that is the convic-
tion of a great many men who have given their
attention to the subject, that the fluctuation in
this amount of currency will never exceed
twenty or thirty millions. Undoubtedly, now,
these greenbacks being over abundant in the
market would flow into these bonds; but
probably ten or twenty millions would supply
the whole current. I have no doubt that the
mere passage of this law would restore to our
greenbacks tbe value that bonds now have, and
probably would raise both nearer to the stand-
ard of gold ; but if twenty or thirty or even
fifty millions should flow into the Treasury and
bonds should be issued, what harm is that?
It is simply paying our debt, paying the United
States notes in the best thing we have to pay,
that is, our bonds, nothing more. We ought to
do that.
But the Senator from Maine says the law
compels the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
out the greenbacks thus received. Not at all.
This money must be kept, or sufficient of it at
least kept, for the purpose of meeting the coun-
tervailing provision of this bill. Whatever is
necessary to pay the ordinary course of oper-
ations of the Treasui-y would be paid out. The
currency would be diminished to the extent
that a superabundant currency was pervading
in the money markets of this country. Prob-
ably ten, twenty, or thirty millions would flow
into the Treasury in that way, and these bonds
would be negotiated withoutcost by the volun-
tary actions of the people. Then if there should
be a change in the money market, which occurs
at least two or three times every year, and
generally every seven or ten years, a powerful
contraction occurs, the other provision of the
law would take effect, and immediate relief
would be given by presenting these bonds for
currency. Either operation would be benefi-
cial to the Government. In the first case we
redeem our notes which are due by giving our
bonds at par, and thus make a voluntary ex-
change—the very thing the Senator seems to
desire—of our bonds for our notes ; and in the
other case, the case of contraction, all we do is
to issue our notes for bonds bearing five per
cent, interest in gold.
Mr. President, we are bound, in my judg-
ment, to make this provision for the note-
holder of the country, and without this it will
be impossible for any man to answer either to
the laborer or to the banker the palpable fact
that now stands in the financial eye that this note
of ours, which we promise to pay on demand,
we do not try to pay and refuse to take in pay-
ment of our own bonds. Suppose I was a busi-
ness man in the world and had my bank notes
out payable on demand, and I should refuse
to give my promissory note for them ; would I
not be dishonored ? Now, sir, all that this
bill does is to provide that the United States
shall, when any man presents $1,000 of these
notes, either pay them in specie or give its
time-note bearing five per cent, interest, and
with the privilege also, if for that bond he
should desire to get back these identical notes,
of doing so.
This section would be complete without the
last clause; that is, it would be complete in
one sense; but it is better, in my judgment, to
leave it as it is, so that this provision may
meet the sudden contractions in the currency
of the country, and may yet provide to raise
the value of the greenback nearer the stand-
ard of gold. It will not have the operation
the Senator from Maine fears. No consid-
erable 'amount will flow into the Treasury
under the operations of this bill, because the
very fact that it flows into the Treasury will
tend to raise the value of all that is left out-
standing, and bring it nearer to the standard
of bonds, to remove the discrimination which
my honorable friend from New Hampshire
; pointed out; and under this bill there never
I can be any difference in value between the
| bond and the note, nor ought there to be.
i That disgraceful fact in our financial history
| will be removed, and we shall be standing in
! the position at least of a debtor who, not hav-
ing gold to pay, is willing to give his time
note, amply secured by the national credit, in
payment of his demand note.
Mr. FESSENDE'N. Notwithstanding the
great heat I seem, from the few remarks 1 have
made, to have increased the strength of my
friend from Ohio very much. His strength
was exhausted a short time ago, but he has
now manifested that hi* strength has not all
gone, at any rate.
I do not pay much attention to the guess of
any gentleman, however wise he may be, iu
regard to what will be the effect, of how many
millions will come in and how many millions
will go out. We cannot tell much about that
until we see the practical operation. But, sir,
with regard to this matter the Senator is mis-
taken in his recollection. The law was not
changed because people would notconvert fast
enough. That was not the trouble. We put
that clause into the bill originally that the
United States notes might command a bond at
the same rates, for this reason: we were of
necessity at that time borrowers of money; we
wanted to sell our bonds with rapidity; we
wanted to get out as many of them as we could;
and for thait reason we made it easy and advan-
tageous to make the exchange. But what was
found to be the case? It was found by your
Secretary of the Treasury that the bonds never
would rise above nominal par. Why ? Because
there was no competition. Anybody who could
get a sufficient quantity of greenbacks could
command them at par. For $100 iu green-
backs he could have a bond of $100. Conse-
quently, as that could be commanded at any
time by anybody who could raise the notes of
course the bonds in the market would stay at
par, and for that reason the Secretary of the
Treasury was very anxious to get rid of the
obligation ; and we did it by a lucky thought
of one of the Senators from Vermont [Mr.
Collamer] at that time. • The great difficulty
was in the way of the contract in the law ; but
we shuffled out of that by giving notice that we
would not do it after a certain time, and they
must bring their greenbacks in; and as they
were not in at that time, or whether they were
or not, after that time the greenbacks were put
out as usual, and they could not command
the bonds. That was a necessity of the time.
But allow me to say to my honorable friend
that the ease of a man who is anxious to sell
bonds because he wants rnouey is very different
from that of a man who has the money and
does not wish to sell bonds. At this time we
do not want to sell our bonds; we do not want
to increase our funded debt; we want to keep
it where it is if we cannot diminish it. The
logic does not apply in any one sense of the
word. We are in an entirely different condi-
tion ; and therefore he does not meet the
objection I raise with regard to the possible
effect—I might say probable effect—of the
operation of this clause.
He talks again about the necessity of raising
the character of our greenbacks for the benefit
of the poor man. Now, sir, how does this
operate? Look at it for a moment. Will the
day laborer be able to buy any bonds, as a
general rule? Will it be for his benefit? In
order to show that it is for his benefit you have
got to show that after you have passed this the
greenback will buy more in the market, that it
will command a greater amount of the neces-
saries of life, not that it will buy a bond.
Mr. CATTELL. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question right here?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. CATTELL. If the bond is worth 105
and can bo bought for $1-00 in greenbacks, the
greenbacks are worth $105, and will they not
buy $105 worth of either meat or bread or
flour?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No ; I say it does not
follow.
Mr. CATTELL. I differ with the gentleman
entirely.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It might appreciate
them a little, but probably very little. Whs,-
would command these greenbacks? The cap-
