1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3021
Alabama of these identical lands—not some
others, but the very lands with regard to which
the Senator from Kansas makes his statement.
We have repeated decisions of the Supreme
Court, and one which has been referred to
here at length for another purpose, holding
that the United States has no right of eminent
domain or privilege of interference whatever
with these lands; but that they fall exclusively
within the municipal and State jurisdiction;
and that the State of Alabama has divested
herself absolutely of these lands by granting
them to the patentees. Now, the Senator from
Ohio asks, where is the contract in this trans-
action 1 Why, sir, has not the court decided
frequently that every grant is a contract ? And
•when these people received by grant the lands
covered by the grant did they not take them
exempt from every possible incumbrance ex-
cepting one ? What incumbrance rested upon
them except the common law concomitant,
that every man must use his own so as not to
injure another? Except as to that, they took
them absolutely against all comers.
But, says the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Morton,] wharfage, being an ap-
pendage of commerce, is, as to regulation,
within the power of the State. Yes, sir; and
there, as the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hend-
ricks] suggested, arises the double hardship
in this case. If I am a mill owner I have "a
right to say to him, "I do not receive your
grist; I do not treat you as one of my cus-
tomers ; " but if I am a riparian owner upon
the banks of a public highway used as a navi-
gable stream I am subject, without any provision
of this sort, to regulations as to commerce and
wharfage falling within the jurisdiction of the
State ; and therefore it is that I cannot fence
against the incidents of commerce ; therefore
it it. that my shores are liable to he used; and
therefore is the monstrosity of this provision,
not only as to wharves, but as to shores, that
no man anywhere in the State of Alabama, a
riparian owner, shall exact, nor shall it be
lawful for him to receive, any compensation
whatever for any use which may be made of
the shores of that stream. And we are arguing
here the question whether that invades the
sanctity of a contract or not! To convey a
man his farm and then put in the fundamental
law that he shall be robbed at the pleasure of
every passer-by of the rents, issues, and profits
of it, and be without remedy! Why, sir, I
say, with great deference to gentlemen, that it
is monstrous, a thing the parallel of which
cannot be found in the jurisprudence of any
country that has written laws.
"The right to regulate wharfage!"' Yes,
sir ; but has this provision anything to do with
that? As«the Senator from Pennsylvania well
and unanswerably says, strike out this pro-
vision of the constitution and that whole power
remains intact, the same power that the State
of iSew York has and every other State, not
one of them having a provision like this in its
constitution. Does any one doubt that?
We are told that $600 are charged where
something less should be charged. Why does
not the Legislature regulate itV Obstructions
to commercc, the Senator from Ohio says,
may be interposed. Does this tend to remove
them? Not in the slightest degree; but the
shores—not made land, if there was any dis-
tinction there, which there is not—the shores
of every stream in the State of Alabama shall
be open without let or hinderance to every
passer by, and no man can maintain his action
quare clausuni/regit. That is the proposition.
1 say it is monstrous 5 and I say with some
zeal, speaking in the name ot constituents ol
my own who are memorialists here, that it is
doubly monstrous for another reason; and
what is that? It is that the Senate has notice
served upon it by these memorialists, respect-
fully, that there are rights in litigation, as the
Senator from Kansas stated, that the courts
have decided that the patentees are entitled;
that an appeal has been taken to the national
courts in a suit in which a perpetual injunction
is prayed ; that a fictitious title is set up here
unfairly and in fraud of their rights, as they
say; and that, pending that controversy, just
there, when an appeal was to be taken to the
Federal courts, unexpectedly and in a manner
well warranting my friend from Indiana [Mff
Hekdkioks] in saying that it is suspicious and
suggestive of foul play, there is foisted into
this constitution what the doctors would call
a foreign substance, a thing which does not
look like the fly in amber, although it is
equally extraordinary that it should be here,
but it looks far less interesting than that, and
which I say is suggestive not only of bad faith,
but, in my humble judgment, never could have
been put here for any reason that the inge-
nuity of man can suggest, looking to the public
interest or to any thing under heaven, except
enabling some private party to snatch by illicit
process from the courts the questions which
properly pertain to them.
Mr. President, a friend, whom I do not see,
a member of this body, said in joke a suggest-
ive thing to me a few moments ago. He said,
"We are going to examine the particulars of
this bill when we get home." We are not doing
it here, but we are going to examine it partic-
ularly when we get home before a different
tribunal; and I think we may as well bear in
mind that we ourselves, if nobody else, when
this is all over, will look at this legislation,
without regard to the fact that the hour of eight
o'clock came before we went home to dinner;
we shall look at it as it will stand; and 1 think
there are risks enough involved necessarily
in this legislation without carrying any more.
And as I am upon that point I will say that I
expect to vote for this bill, and I do it with
great trepidation; I do it with great doubt
whether it is not a mistake in the very best
form in which we can put it.
But however that may be, I say again, do
not let us put into it, unnecessarily, indefens-
ible things. Here is a provision which stands
out as clear as a sunbeam in violation of the
Constitution of the United States; and the
provision we have inserted with regard to
Georgia is mere usurpation, as 1 understand
the law, unless the right and the duty pertain
to us to put the seal of condemnation upon this.
It does not strike at personal property merely;
it does not strike at debts merely; but it is just
as vicious and just as wanting in the elements
of constitutionality as if it said that no rent
should hereafter be collected for any farm in
the State of Alabama unless the Legislature by
special grant conferred the right to do it. What,
in the name of conscience, has the Legislature
to do with this, I should like to know ? The
Legislature to confer upon me that right which
makes my house my castle! The Legislature
to give me as a donation, a benefaction, the
right to hold and use and enjoy that which by
the common law, and the civil law, older than
that, and the jurisprudence of every civilized
nation, pertains to me for reasons going behind
all legislative action! Sir, unless we are going
to run a plowshare over the foundations of
government, unless we are going to obliterate
all settled distinctions, and sow the place where
they were with salt, that they need not spring
again, let us come back, although it is the great
subject of reconstruction in which we are
engaged, to those homely doctrines, those
practical matters of sense which have gone
unchallenged thus far in the history of our
country.
Now, Mr. President, I do not mean to be
zealous or warm about this.
Mr. HOWE. I think you have been.
Mr. C0NKLING-. If I have been, I beg
pardon of my friendfrom Wisconsin, who never
allows himself to get unduly zealous.
Mr. HOWE. It is granted.
Mr. CONKLING. B.ut this constitution,
as was said by the Senator from ermont, was
made a part of what we are doing, unexpect-
edly to the Judiciary Committee. There has
been a great deal to examine on these sub-
jects, a great many constitutions to read; and
although my diligence has been less than that
of any other member of the committee, I pre-
sume, I have endeavored to understand-as well
as I could what there was in this subject. My
attention was called to this particular matter
after the prospect became imminent that Ala-
bama would be included in the bill; and a
variety of facts have been stated to me which
I have not stated here, and which I do not
propose to state, going to show the truth of
the suspicion which strikes the minds of Sena-
tors on this point. There are many persons
who signed this memorial, and other persons
from whom I have received letters, who say
that it is not only a hardship but a naked piece
of piracy, a bold piece of theft, waged against
the estates of dead men and the possessions
of minor children and of widows. Therefore
I think it contains all the elements which com-
mended to our attention similar provisions in
the constitution of Georgia, and moral ingre-
dients besides, which call loudly upon the
Senate to put upon it the seal of its disappro-
bation.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, this pro-
vision in the constitution of Alabama seems to
me to be a very remarkable one. In all my
knowledge of commercial transactions I have
never heard or seen such a preposterous prop-
osition. Here were certain low lands granted
to private individuals. Those lands, which
were probably worthless originally, have been
improved by those individuals. I presume
cargoes could not have landed there without
such improvements, and perhaps the grants
were made with the understanding that those
receiving them should make these wharves.
Having invested their money and improved
the city in such a manner that commerce can
be accommodated, can it be possible that the
Legislature can take away the privileges here-
tofore granted without restriction ? If the
Legislature of the State or the authorities of
the city desire to impose a restriction, the time
to have done that was when the lands were
granted. If they have made a mistake in that
respect, it seems to me their only remedy is in
promoting competition in other portions of the
city or in building up other portions of the
city, where similar accommodations can be had.
Sir, I have heard a great deal of this cly
about corporations and individuals that had
extraordinary rights. When they have been
successful, there are always plenty of people
to cry them down and attempt to get posses-
sion of their property and vested rights. If
the people of Alabama, by a constitutional
provision, can disturb the rights that have been
granted to these people lor years, perhaps fifty
years, if they can sweep away all those vested
rights, and say that they shall be entirely done
away with, and this wharf property shall belong
to the State hereafter, and there shall be 110
tolls charged unless the State thinks proper to
allow them, they can vest those rights, and give
that property to the city, and allow them to
charge just such prices as they choose.
If I had invested $100,000 in Mobile, Ala-
bama, upon a wharf, without any restriction
from the State or the government of the city, I
should like to know whether the State would
have the right to say that that property should
be taken away from me, or that my vested
rights should be done away without any com-
pensation whatever. If the State has a right
to fix the wharfage there, if it has a right to
regulate it at all, it has a right to make it one
cent a ton. If these persons have their rights
without any conditions from the city I do not
see any help for the people of that city. So
far as the right to land goods upon the shores
is concerned, every man has a right to low-
water mark to the shore to his land, as I have
always understood; and if a person desires to
land goods upon it he must get permission, the
light of way through the fields of that owner m
order to convey those goods from the shore, or
otherwise he has got to go to the nearest town
or place where there is a landing, where there
is a wharf, aud haul his goods down there.
