1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WOOD. I will send it to the Clerk's
desk.
Mr. ELIOT. It is an anonymous commu-
nication. If it is not signed "Brown" it is
signed by somebody to whom Brown gave it.
Mr. WOOD. - I' assure the gentleman it is
not signed by any such person.
Mr. ELIOT. I want no sucli paper read.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman does not
want the authority, very well.
Mr. ELIOT. Why, sir, it is no better au-
thority than the gentleman's! [Laughter.]
Mr. WOOD. I beg to suggest that there
must be some foundation for the charge or the
gentleman would not be so sensitive.
Mr. ELIOT. Will the gentleman give me
the name of the author?
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman permit
the authority to be read?
Mr. ELIOT. Oh, no ; it has got no name;
it has got no name. [Laughter.] The gentle-
man may as well admit it. It is one of those
foul, anonymous communications which no-
body ought to take notice of.
Mr. WOOD. Then why does the gentleman
take notice of it?
Mr. ELIOT. Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not
propose to discuss, following the lino of remark
made by the gentleman from New York and
by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Adams,]
the constitutional power of Congress to pass
this bill. But before I go away from the slan-
ders, allusion is made to the rumor that Gen-
eral Howard is a wealthy man. Sir, I pro-
nounce it right here, and now, false, foul, and
scandalous.
Whether General Howard has wealth or not
is not of importance, but it is the intimation
that in some way or other he has derived
wealth under the administration of the bureau.
That is the meaning of the slander, if it has any
meaning at all. 1 say it is false; and I will
say further that there is no man who will dare
stand up in this House and vouch for the
truth of it, or who can name a respectable
man who has stated that it was true.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a single remark?
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly.
Mr. BLAINE. I profess to know General
Howard with great intimacy for a period reach-
ing back almost to his boyhood. While I do
not profess to know just exactly the list of his
property, I do know that he has no pretension
to being a man of wealth. He has no more
property than frugality and industry would
have given him.
And I desire to add, if I could add anything
to the very forcible and emphatic denial which
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Freedman's Aft'airs [Mr. Eliot] has made,
that nothing in any way partisan or dishonest
could attach to the name of General Howard.
A more pure, upright, disinterested man does
not exist in the United Slates, and any one
who makes the opposite charge does but dis-
grace and dishonor himself in so doing.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope no gentle-
man on this side of the House will take the
trouble or time to deny any slander of General
0. O. Howard; the country does not require
any such denial.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not think it does my-
self.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is all I want
to say.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, gentlemen are
exceedingly sensitive upon this subject. I dis-
claimed any responsibility for my statements
at the time I made them. Itwas in the linepf
my argument in objection to this bill; a bill
which takes some fifteen or twenty million
dollars of the people's money, and puts it in
charge of General Howard.
Mr. ELIOT. . The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] disclaimed as emphatically
before as he does now. But why did he desire
to come here and air these foul slanders. ? Who
cares whether the gentleman indorses them or
not? It was the statement of them that was of
importance. But let it go.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman will give me
a committee of investigation 1 will prove the
charges.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot yield further. General
Howard has lost his right arm in the service of
his country, but his heart is right. There are
some who have both arms jet whoso hearts
are not right.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And not a
great way off, either.
Mr. ELIOT. I did propose to refer to the
remarks made by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Adams,] a member of the com-
mittee that reported this bill. I was in hopes
to have had opportunity to see his remarks
printed in the Globe. I looked for them in
the Globe of yesterday, but was disappointed
in not" finding them. I looked again to-day,
and was again disappointed. Of course I have
no complaint to make. The gentleman has the
right to retain—indeed, it is very customary for
gentlemen to retain—their speeches for re-
vision. But it makes it rather difficult for
gentlemen to reply to statements made upon
this floor, as any reply would be likely to be
based upon incorrect assumptions. I did not
hear all that the gentleman said, and I could
not answer him without assuming what per
haps would be found to b<3 incorrect when the
remarks came to be published. If they had
appeared in the Globe I could now reply to them.
If I caught his language correctly, however,
I understood him to defend the truthfulness of
the President in his statement that §12,000,000
were appropriated to run this machine in the
first place, and that the expense of it would
run up to fifty or sixty million dollars. I un-
derstood the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Adams] to come to the rescue of the Pres-
ident and to defend him from the charge I had
made against him that the statements he had
made were incorrect.
Sir, the gentleman from Kentucky undertook
too much for any one man to accomplish. But
the gentleman said that, after an examination
which he had made, and in view of informa-
tion which he had derived from the Commis-
sioner of EVeedtnen's Aft'airs, he was prepared
to state upon this floor that the cost of this
bureau to the Treasury of the United States
had been more than twelve million dollars.
Now, sir, that was a remarkable statement
coming from an honorable gentleman who had
before him upon his desk, while he was speak-
ing, the written communications, prepared at
his request by the Commissioner, stating in
detail not only all the money which had been
used from that appropriated from the Treas-
ury, but, by estimate, the value of all the
rations furnished by the War Department and
all the medical supplies and all the quarter-
master's property which had been furnished,
part of which has been paid for by the bureau
and part of which has not been hitherto paid
for. The gentleman having all this informa-
tion before him I say it was a remarkable state-
ment to put forth that the cost of this bureau
to the Treasury of the United States had been
more than twelve million dollars.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker  
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot yield for anything,
unless the gentleman says I have stated his
remarks incorrectly.
Mr. ADAMS. If I understood the gentle-
man correctly, he represents that I stated that
at the time the President made that statement
the bureau had cost over twelve million dollars.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir ; that is not what I
said.
Mr. ADAMS. Will the gentleman let me
hear what he did say on this subject ? I would
like to know what it is that he considers such
a "remarkable statement."
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Kentucky ought to have known that in-
stead of amountingto over twelve million dollars,
the aggregate, including everything, whether in
the form of money, old clothes, supplies, mcd-
ical stores, everything which in any shape has
gone toward the support of that bureau from the
date of its organization, instead of being the
sum he stated, is but very little over one half
of it.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker—
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] yield to the gentle-
man from Kentucky?
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir; I cannot yield.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to understand what
the gentleman 
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot yield. The gentle-
man, when he had the floor the other day,
peremptorily refused to yield.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has one minute of his hour remain-
ing.
Mr.ELIOT. Inthatoneminuteitisofcourse
impossible for me to restate what I have already
said. The gentleman found fault with a state-
ment which I made. I reiterate what I have
already said—that there has been nothing dis-
tributed to that bureau that has not been
charged to the bureau. There had been ra-
tions and medical and other supplies furnished
before Congress appropriated money; and
these were not included in the statement I
made. I have not time to say anything more,
and I ask a vote upon the bill.
Mr. ADAMS. I would like to move an
amendment before the vote is taken on the
bill.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order.
The previous question, which has been oper-
ating for the last Itour, prevents any amend-
ment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the bill be
laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas aud
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 05, nays 101, not voting
53 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Barnes, Beck,
Boyer, Burr, Chanler, Eldndge, Getz, (ilossbrenner,
Golladay, Grover, Haight, Holman, Hotchkiss, John-
son, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCormick, McCullough,
Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Ran-
dall, ltoss, Sitgreaves, Taber, Lawrcnce S. Trimble,
Van Aukcn, Van Trump, Wood, and Woodward—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Amos, Arneli, Delos It.
Ashley, James JVI. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwcll,
Bromwell, Broomall, Buckiand, Butler,Cake,Chureh-
il), Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Cullom, Dawes,
Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, lickley, liliot, Farnsworth,
Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Garlield, Gravely, Higby, Ilill,
Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, ICelley, Kelsey,
Kitchen, Koontz, Lailin, William Lawrence, Loan,
Louglmdge, Lynch, Mallory, Maynard, McCluvg,
Mereur, Miller. Moore, Morrcll, Myers, Newcomb,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Peters, Pike, Pile, Plants, Po-
land, Polsley, i'oincroy, Price, ltaum, Robertson,
Sawyer, Schonck, Selyc, Shanks, Spalding, Aaron F.
Stevens, Stewart, 'X'afl'c, Taylor, Thomas, John Trim-
ble, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, llobert T. Van
Horn, Ward, CadwaladerC.Wo^bburn.Elihu B.Wash-
burne, Henry I). Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Thomas Williams, James i\ Wilson, and
Stephen F. Wilson—101.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Barn um,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Brooks, Cary, Reader W,
Clarke, Cobb, Cornell, Covode,Dodge, Egglcston, lila,
Finney, Fox, Griswold, Ilalsey, Harding, Hawkins,
Asahel W. IIubbardvltichard D. Hubbard, llulburd,
Humphrey, Jones, Kctcham, George V, Lawrence,
Lincoln, Logan, Marvin, McCarthy, Mooiliead, Mor-
rissey, Mullius, Nunn, Perham, Pruyn, Itobinson,
Scofield, Shellabarger, Smith. Starkweather, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stokes, Stone, Van Aernam.Buit Van
Horn, Van Wyck, Willi;!in Williams, John T. Wil-
son, Wiiidom. and Woodbridge—53.
So the House refused to lay the bill on tho
tabic.
Mr. ADAMS. Is it in order to offer an
amendment?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent. The previous question has been oper-
ating since twenty minutes past twelve o'clock.
Mr. ADAMS. It is an amendment which
perhaps the House will agree to.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to have the amendment
read ?
Mr. ELIOT. I decline to yield to have it
read.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time ; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
