3022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
That is reasonable and right. I see no injustice
in it. Otherwise, if a man has no control over
his shove along the river to low-water mark,
you might drive through his fields and destroy
his crops; you could annoy him in many ways.
As 1 have always understood, every man has
control of his shores to the low-water mark. !
It seems to me that this provision in the con-
stitution of Alabama is a monstrous proposi-
tion, as the Senator from New York states,
and 1 certainly shall vote for his amendment.
It seems to me right and proper.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS rose.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, certain
Senators, after they have made speeches, are
very impatieut when another Senator proposes
to speak upon the subject. I do not propose to
tax the patience of the Senate ; but I desire
simply to remark that this question has been
argued upon an assumed state of facts, for
which there is no proof before the Senate.
The persons who were elected to the constitu-
tional convention of the State of Alabama may
be supposed to be intelligent and honest men,
and we have no right to conclude that they
were dishonest and disposed to violate the Con-
stitution of the United States, and that all
virtue has come to be concentrated in this par-
ticular body of men. The men who repre-
sented the people of Alabama in that conven-
tion knew what the facts were in this case, and
we do not. One man gets up here and makes
a statement, and another man makes a con-
tradictory statement, and we propose to strike
down a provision of the constitution of Ala-
bama that has been submitted to and approved
by the people upon a supposed state of facts,
of which every one of us is ignorant, proceed-
ing upon mere surmises .or mere conjectures
that there may be something wrong about this
section of the constitution.
Sir, it maybe that there is a monopoly formed
there in the city of Mobile or elsewhere in
tire State of Alabama that is crushing out by
its exorbitant exactions the commerce of the
State, and that Alabama is made, like Ireland,
the victim of non-residents, it is not improb-
able, from what the honorable Senator from
New York has said, that such is the fact; for
he appears here, he says, in his zeal to strike
out this section of the constitution, for citizens
who live in the State of New York, persons
who have no interest in Alabama but to impose
exactions upon the people, and fleece them
through monopolies and combinations without
regard to their interests or their welfare. This
is possible; I do not say it is the fact. But,
sir, it is possible that this provision is right
and just and necessary to protect the com-
merce of that State j and it only amounts in
substance in giving to the Legislature the
authority to regulate the subject.
Mr. President, we had a very elaborate argu-
ment the other day from the Senator from New
York to show that Congress had no power to
impose a fundamental condition upon the ad-
mission of a State, and now he proposes to
impose a most extraordinary fundamental con-
dition. upon Alabama.
Mr. CONICLING. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I would not interrupt him if he did not,
unintentionally no doubt, misstate me. My
argument the other day was, that Congress had
power to impose conditions in those cases
where the Constitution of the United States
was violated; and I stated my reasons for it;
but I argued against the ability to impose
others. 1 only ask the Senator not to misstate
my position.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not pay particular
attention to the distinctions which the Senator
made, but I know that his argument was very
elaborate against the proposition then before
the Senate, to attach a fundamental condition
to the admission of the State of Arkansas.
But assuming that such was his position, who
is altogether certain that this particular sec-
tion is in violation of the Constitution of the
Wnited States ? What clause of the Constitution
of the United States prohibits this section of the
constitution of the State of Alabama? I know
it is said that private property may not be taken
for public use without just compensation; but
that applies to Federal legislation, and not to
State legislation. I am not advised that there
is any one provision of the Constitution of the
United States with which this section is in
conflict, or so clearly in conflict as to make it
altogether certain that a court would decide it
to be unconstitutional. I say it is a doubtful
question ; and I am surprised to see Senators
here who have been so Ion;* and so earnestly
contending for the rights of the people, and
denying to Congress the power to control the
people in the formation of their constitutions
and the establishment of their State govern-
ments, now taking the ground that Congress
may go into a State constitution that has been
formed by a convention and approved by the
people and regulate its different provisions, as
though Congress was making the constitution
for the people, regulating the subject of wharf-
age, regulating the subject of tolls, and doing
it by putting into the act admitting the State a
fundamental condition.
Sir, if this subject of fundamental conditions
is to be made ridiculous in the eyes of the
nation, do so by putting into a solemn act
admitting a State an irrevocable condition,
one that is to stand all through time and bind
all generations, that the "sovereign State,"
as my friends on the other side delight to call
the different States of the Union—the sover-
eign State of Alabama shall never control or
regulate the wharves on its rivers or tolls upon
its streams. But, sir, I do not wish to occupy
time upon it.
Mr. HOWARD. I have but a word to say
on this subject. I question very much the con-
stitutionality of that particular clause in the
Alabama constitution referred to by the Sena-
tor from New York; but I do not think that
the Senate is very properly constituted to settle
such a question as that in reference to the navi-
gable streams of Alabama. I am not prepared
to say whether it is or is not constitutional,
nor am I prepared to say whether the State of
Alabama, with all its sovereign power, is com-
petent to impose regulations upon the owners
of lands fronting on navigable streams. I very
much doubt it, for the reasons stated by the
honorable Senator from New York. But both
these questions are really such as more prop-
erly become a court of justice to decide thau
the Senate of the United States. J hope, there-
fore, that we shall leave them to be settled by
the courts where all parties in interest can be
heard by their counsel, by their witnesses, and
the matter properly and finally adjusted accord-
ing to law.
There is another view, sir. Suppose we
adopt the condition which is presented by the
honorable Senator from New York. I fear
when that question comes before the Legis-
lature of Alabama it will be one that will
attract the attention of that Legislature for a
very considerable time. There has been a
great deal of debate about it here, and I have
no doubt there will be a great deal more in the
Legislature of Alabama when it shall assem-
ble, and that, instead of acting promptly upon
the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution,
which we want to secure above all things else,
they will spend a fortnight or three weeks, or
perhaps six weeks in discussing this wharfage
business and riparian rights; and thus the
great end which I have in view, which is the
adoption of the fourteenth amendment, will be
defeated.
I hope, sirr that the amendment of the hon-
orable Senator from New York will not be
adopted for the reasons which I have given. It
is a judicial question, to be heard and determ-
ined upon the evidence and upon the law
before a court and jury regularly constituted,
and I will not undertake to adjudicate it in this
form here.
Mr. COLE. I do not think we cap get much
further along with this debate to-night, and I
rose for the purpose of moving an adjournment.
["No!" "No!"]
Mr. SUMNER. Let us take the vote on
tlie pending amendment, and then adjourn.
Several Senators. No, no; let us sit it out
to-night.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York, and the Clerk will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Anthony,Backalew,ConkIing, Gor-
bett, Edmunds, 1'reJinghuysen, Hendricks, Howe,
MeOreery, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill ol'Ver-
mont, Nye, Patterson of Tennessee, Ross, and Vick-
ers—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Conness, Crasm,
Drake, Ferry, Harlan, Howard, Morton, Pomeroy,
ltamsey, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Tipton, Van Winkle, Wade, VVilley, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard,Cameron,Cattell,Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Sessenden,Fowler, Grimes, Hender-
son, Johnson, Norton, Patterson of Now Hampshire,
Sprague, and Trumbull—15.
So the amendment was rejected,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to make a slight
addition to the amendment that I offered, and
which was adopted in committee. I suppose
there will be no objection to it. It is simply
explanatory. I ask the Clerk to read it.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to add
to the amendment adopted on motion of Mr.
Williams the following words, "unlessrelieved
from disability as provided in said amendment,''
meaning the fourteenth article.
Several Senators. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. SUMNEli.. There are several Senators
who wish to address the Senate on some of the
general propositions involved in this important
bill. It is now late. I think the Senate would
not ask them to proceed to-night. 1 may men-
tion that I am one. I have been in my seat
since twelve o'clock, and I have not had a
morsel of food since early morning. I am not,
therefore, in a condition to enter into an
extended discussion. My friend, the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Yates,] I know, desires to
address the Senate also, and I believe there are
other Senators ; and, under the circumstances,
1 think that 1 shall not make a mistake if I
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before
putting the question on that motion, the Chair
will lay before the Senate a communication
from the Secretary of War.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that will not be
done. The motion to adjourn is the only thing
in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This com-
munication ought to be laid before the Senate
and referred to a committee.
Mr. CONNESS. What is the rule on the
subject?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule
is that the Chair may lay these things before
the Senate when he pleases. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONNESS. 1 desire to be correct about
this. Do I understand the Chair to say that
the rule is that the Chair may lay these com-
munications before the Senate when he pleases?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
rule laid down in the book's. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONNESS. Very well, sir.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
communicating a letter from Major General
Sheridan, recommending the insertion of a
clause in the anticipated ratification of a treaty
lately concluded with the Osage Indians requir-
