1998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
Mr. ELIOT demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. KERR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 38, not voting
i)4; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos E.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Bromwell,
Broomall, Buokland, Butler, Cake, Churchill, Sidney
Clarko, Ooburn, Oook,Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley, Eliot, Farnsworth, i'erriss,
Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Gravely, Higby, Hill, Hooper,
Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter,
Iugersoli, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey,
Koontz, Laflin, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan,
Lynch, Maynard, Miller, Moore, Morrell, Myers,
Neweomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Peters, Pike, Pile,
Plants, Polsley, Poineroy, Price, liaum, Robertson,
Sawyer, Sclienck, Selye, Shanks, Spalding, Aaron 1?.
Stovens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taffo, Thomas, John
Trimble, 'Trowbridge, 'Twichell, Upson, Robert T.
Van Horn, Ward, CadwaladerO. Washburn, Khhu
11. Wushburne, llcnry D. Washburn, William B,
Washburn, Wotker,Thomas Williams, James F. Wil-
son, Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—97.
MVS — Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Barnes, Beck,
Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Chanicr, Eldridge, Gotz, Golla-
day, Grover, Haight, Ilolman. Hotohkiss, Johnson,
Kerr, Knott, George V.Lawrence, Marshall, McCor-
tnick, McCullough, Mercur, Moorhead, Morgan,Mun-
gen, Niblaek, Nicholson, Phelps, Randall, Ros>s,
Sitgreaves, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken,
Van Tiump, Wood, and Woodward—38.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson. Archer, Bar-
num, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Boutwcll, Gary,
Header W. Clarke, Cobb, Cornell, Covode, Eggleston,
iila, Finney, i'ox, Glossbrenncr, Griswold, llalsey,
Harding, Hawkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Jones, Ketcham,Kitchen,Lin-
coln, Loughridge, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, Mc-
Clurg, Morrisscy. Mullms, Nunn, Perham, Poland,
Pruyn, Kobinson, Scotield, , Shellabareer, Smith,
Starkweather, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Taylor, Van
Aernani, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, William Wil-
liams, John T. Wilson, and Woodbndge—51.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. TAYLOR stated that he was paired with
Mr. Gi.ossisuenxer.
Mr. PIKE stated his colleague, Mr. Per-
ham, was detained from the House by illness.'
Mr. TRIMBLE announced that his colleague,
Mr. Jones, was paired with Mr. Harding, of
Illinois.
Mr. ARNELL announced that Mr. Stokes,
if present, would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. BARNES stated his colleague, Mr. Rob-
inson, was absent on account of sickness, and
if present would vote in the negative.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE li'KOM TUB SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, the Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed'a joint resolution
(S. Ii. No. 126) for the relief of George W.
Doty, a commandarin the United States Navy,
on the retired list, in which he was requested
to ask the concurrence of the House.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. Golladay was granted leave of absence
indefinitely; Mr. Stokes for ten days,and Mr.
Pruyn to the end of this week.
ADVERSE REPORTS-
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unan-
imous consent, from the Committee on Com-
merce, submitted adverse reports on the fol-
lowing cases; which were laid on the table
and ordered to be printed :
A bill (II. R. No. 581) for the relief of the
Winonaand St. Peters Railroad Company; and
A memorial of William Carroll.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate fur-
ther insisted upon its amendments to House
bill No. G78, making appropriations -for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States for the year ending June 30,
1869, and asked a further committee of con-
ference upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon that bill; and also announced
that Mr. Grimes, Mr. Edmunds, and Mr.
Hendricks had been appointed on the part
of the Senate.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now ask
the House to take up for consideration the
amendments of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to House bill No.
818, making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1809, and for other purposes.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
they will be considered as before the House.
There was no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was
agreed that my colleague [Mr. Logan] should
have the privilege of moving an amendment in
the House, and I yield to him for that pur-
pose.
Mi-. LOGAN. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation in the following paragraph from
$1,500,000 to $504,904 32:
For necessary expenses in carrying into effect the
several acts of Congress authorizing loans and the
issue of Treasury notes, $1,500,000.
Now, Mr-. Speaker, in order that the House
may understand this amendment that 1 have
offered and this paragraph of the bill, I will
ask the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations to be good enough to allow me to
refer to a letter in his possession from the
Secretary of the Treasury on this particular
point.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection. Here is the letter. If you have it
read it will come out of your time.
Mr. LOGAN. I will read that portion in
reference to this particular request:
"In reply to tho memorandum left here by you on
the 22d instant, on the subject ot the item of $2,000,-
000, submitted in the estimates of appropriations for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1809, tor necessary
expenses in carrying into effect the several acts of
Congress authorizing loans and the issue of Treasury
notes, X have to state that tho amount expended
under this head was for the year ending June 30,
1807, SI,849,203 29, and for the first eight months of the
following year, $1,247,515 98.
"This appropriation includes the expense of exe-
cuting tho work of the Bureau of Engraving, which
now numbers six hundred and twenty-four employes,
about its general average, and furnishing paper and
many other necessary articles for conducting the
same; and also for the clerk hire of the department
proper connected with loans.
" Under these circumstances I am of opinion that
the cstimato of $2,000,000 will not be in excess of the
requirements.
"This fund will, of course, be used with strict econ-
omy, and should the committee determine to reduce
it there can bo submitted in tho usual deficiency bill,
at the commencement of the next Congress, if it be-
come necessary, such additional amount as may then
appear to be required."
From this letter it appears that this appropria-
tion which is now reduced by the committee to
§1,500,000 is for the expenses of the Print-
ing Bureau, including paper, &e., furnished
fsn* printing b nds and notes, and the pay of
employes. Now, we have had evidence before
us within a few days past that they have de-
stroyed paper that was purchased for the print-
ing of these bonds and notes, and if we are
appropriating money to buy paper which they
destroy without any benefit to be derived from
it whatever I am opposed to it. The Govern-
ment is not now printing bonds and notes
because it is not issuing any more. That being
so, why appropriate money to purchase paper
and print bonds? There should be no expense
at that bureau except to pay its employes.
I have here a statement from the office of the
Treasury Department, made up by the man hav-
ing charge of the record, showing the number of
employes and the amount of their pay. It is
taken from the books. It shows, taking the
month of February, for instance, that the
amount of expenses was $47,075 86; making
in tho aggregate for the year on that basis,
$564,904 82. That shows that the expenses of
that bureau should not exceed the amount I
have moved as an amendment.
The following is the statement which I re-
ceived from the Treasury Department:
Statement showing the number of perionn employed in
the first division of the National Currency Bureau,
Treasury Department, and the amount requiredto pay
the same for the month of February, 1868.
Per annum.
1 chief of division    $3,000 00
1 assistant  2,500 00
1 chief clerk  ^,000 00
1 transferrer  2*!X9
1 transferrer    99
1 printer  ^,400 ^0
1 engraver  5*999 99
1 engraver  2,n00 00
1 engraver - - 2,000 00
2 engravers  1800 00
1 prover  1,800 00
1 clerk  1,800 00
2 clerks    1,400 00
1 clerk  1,200 00
1 superintendent  1,00<M)0
For February  $2,720 08
100 persons employed as machinists, trans-
ferrers, value senders, &c  11,354 S3
227 operatives (avorago $2 per day)  10,006 94
152 operatives, watchmen, &c. (average $2
per day)  6,071 50
101 plate printers  15,631 95
052 persons. Total  $47,075 36
Aggregate salary of caeli for month of February,
$72 20.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question on the bill and amend-
ments.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The bill
has been fully considered in the Committee of
the Whole, and I cannot allow the amendment
to be offered.
Mr. RANDALL. You will after hearing
my statement.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It will
have to be offered by unanimous consent.
Mr. RANDALL. I want to provide that
none of this money shall be used in paying
commissions for the conversion of the seven-
thirties into five-twenties.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
entirely unnecessary.
Mr. RANDALL. I am not sure of that,
therefore I want to provide against it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Sawyer] will ask
unanimous consent to move an amendment,
to which there will be no objection, which can
be done as well after the previous question is
seconded as before.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Illinois whether it is his pur-
pose to allow any opportunity for the discussion
of the various amendments that have been re-
ported to the House from the Committee of
the Whole. If the friends of the amendments
which have been made are to be allowed no
opportunity to defend them against any attacks
which the gentleman representing the Com-
mittee on Appropriations may make, then I
hope the previous question will not be sec-
onded and that the Iiouse may have an oppor-
tunity to discuss amendments that may be
opposed by him.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is a
very extraordinary proposition of the gentle-
man from Iowa. This bill has been fully dis-
cussed in the Committee of the Whole on tho
state of the Union as bills ordinarily are, and it
comes into the House, and I make the usual
motion for the previous question, and under
the rules I have an hour to close the debate.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not think it
very extraordinary to ask for an opportunity to
discuss a bill that proposes an appropriation of
six or seven million dollars; and unless some
such opportunity is to bo afforded I hope the
previous question will be voted down.
The question was put on seconding Hie pre-
vious question ; and there were—ayes 84, noes
48—no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wash-
