1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G&OBE.
615
of frequent recurrence to fundamental princi-
ples is as necessary and wise in these depart-
ments of knowledge as in the more exact sci-
ences. If 1 am incapable of seeing how a par-
ticular line of policy is going tn affect the busi-
ness of the country, and am, therefore, unable
to judge of it by its fruits and consequences, I
can bring it to the test of certain great and
well-ascertained truths upon which our polit-
ical falfric is built, and if it will not bear that
test I will reject it., however promising its pro-
posed results, or however specious and plausi-
ble the reasoning by which it is supported.
What I propose to-day is simply to stir up
the pure minds of the House to a remembrance
of some of the principles of political economy
and of constitutional law in connection with
the financial condition of the country. I have-
no scheme of finance to propose. The great
political party with which 1 have the honor to
act is out of power, and is unable to carry out
a policy, if it should mark one out, never so
plainly. When the responsibility of adminis-
tering the Government is again laid upon the
shoulders of that party, as it no doubt will be
next year, it will be soon enough to develop the
line of policy upon which the party shall move.
Meanwhile, the responsibility rests upon the
Republican party under whose administration
the public debt, from about eighty million dol-
lars in 1860, grew in five years to the enormous
sum of $2,757,089,571 43. According to the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury this
debt had been reduced on the 1st of November
last to $2,625,502,848 02. This may be taken
as the aggregate of the public debt as ascer-
tained, settled, and registered upon the books
of the Treasury Department, but it does not
include numerous claims upon the Govern-
ment, growing out of the war, which are as
yet unadjusted and insusceptible of even an
approximate estimate. While some of these
claims are exorbitant, unreasonable, and dis-
honest, many are doubtless equitable and just,
and such as the conscience of the country will
ultimately acknowledge. Whatever the aggre-
gate of these claims may be, it will, by so much,
swell the public debt beyond the big figures
which now express it.
Th^annual interest we pay on this debt in
gold is $143,781,591 91. This was the sum
the Secretary stated we paid during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1867, but for the quarter
ending September 30, 1867, the interest on
the public debt was stated at $38,515,640 47,
indicating aconsiderable increase of interest,
if not of debt, for the current year.
Although the debts of some of the principal
Governments of Europe exceed the aggregate
of our registered debt, the people of this coun-
try pay annually a larger interest than is ex-
torted from the people of Great Britain, France,
Russia, Austria, or Prussia, and a sum nearly
twice as large as was required for all the annual
purposes of the Government before 1860. Yes,
sir, the men of this generation grew up under
an annual expenditure by the Government,
to support the civil list, the Army, the Navy,
the pension list, internal improvements, and
all the other objects to which appropriations
were made, of half the sum which is required
now to defray the single item of interest.
And then direct taxation was unknown. Now
the land swarms with tax-gatherers, who eat up
the substance of the people like locusts.* The
estimates for the War and Navy Departments
and the civil listfor 1868 is $182,000,000, which
is more than five times as much as the actual
cost of the same service in 1860.
That the people should be restive and uneasy
under such extraordinary burdens is not to be
wondered at. Nor is it strange that this mon-
strous debt depresses industry and enterprise;
for debt is the enemy of industry and enter-
prise. It rests, like an incubus, upon the labor
of the people, and if it is ever paid their labor
must pay it; for though labor is not the only
source of value (time, place, and circum-
stances may all be sources) yet it is the groat,
the chief source of all individual and national
wealth. It is fashionable to discourse largely
on the wonderful resources of this country;
and it is true, indeed, that a bountiful Provi-
dence has given us a vast extent of fertile lands,
and inexhaustible minerals that match the
wealth of all the world besides, but what are !
all these resources except as the hand of labor 1
cultivates and develops them? The fertile i
fields, if the farmer plows them not, the rich
minerals, if the miner digs them not, will never
pay a dollar of the debt. I want to emphasize
this thought. I would have the Government
and all its creditors realize how entirely they
depend on the producing classes of the coun-
try, the laborer, whether he tills the soil, or
delves in mines, or toils in shops and factories.
Even gold itself derives its value from the labor
necessary to produce it. Were it as common
as stones, and as easily picked up. it would be
no more valuable than stones. And then see
what a load of debt we have laid on labor! It
has to bear municipal and State taxation, sup-
port and educate children, build up homes and
construct highways ; and yet the Federal Gov- ;
ernment taxes the citizen higher than either
England or France tax their subjects. I have >
seen a comparative statement of our taxes and |
those of England and France for the fiscal
year of 1866, reckoning both in our currency,
as follows: j
English taxes $00.09 per cent, on valuation
United States taxes  $3.93 per cent, on valuation
English taxes $10.92 per capita
French taxes  7.97 per capita
United States taxes  16.00 per capita
Thus it appears, sir, that we have, in the last
few years, outgone the principal nations of the
Old World in charging industry with annual
interest and in imposing general taxes upon
our people. In seven years we have built a
pyramid of debt like that it took them more
than seven hundred years to rear. And now,
the party under whose administration these bur- 1
dens have fallen upon the people, have resting j
upon them the responsibility of devising meas- j
ures of relief. To their wisdom and states- I
manship the country has a right to look for ;
such reasonable and practical measures as j
shall increase revenues while they .lighten
taxes, and shall stimulate and reward industry
and enterprise. But those of us who have
been sent here by Democratic constituencies
are bound to contribute our best counsels to
the dominant party. We have no right to say I
to the Republicans, your sectional principles ;
and policy brought on secession, and war, and :
overwhelmed the country with debt and taxa-
tion, and now, without our help, extricate the
country, as best you may, from the difficulties
into which you brought it. However just such
language might be by a party out of power,
when addressed to a party in power, indi-
viduals who are placed in responsible repre-
sentative" positions, though they may belong to
the party that is out of power, are bound to
advise and counsel and warn, according to
their ability, for the good of all parties and of
the whole country. They have no right to fold
their arms and let the ship of State drift to
destruction because they are not at the helm.
If they see dangers ahead they are bound to
point them out, and then, if the dominant party
will persist in running us upon rocks or shoals,
all that can be done is for the masters of the
crew to thro-w them overboard and restore the
ship to those who.have guided it safely through
many storms and dangers. In discharge of my
personal duty I proceed, therefore, to point
out certain general views and principles which
ought never to be lost sight of by those who
have the power to give shape to public meas-
ures—general views and principles upon which
the public debt and its incidents and conse-
quences ought to be treated.
And, first, the public debt, should not be re-
garded as a permanent fixture, to descend to
posterity, but should be put in process of liquid-
ation, so as to be paid off or reduced within
manageable proportions during the present gen-
eration.
The author of all mischief never invented a
worse falsehood than the saying that a national
debt is a national blessing. Debt is no more a
blessing to a nation than to an individual, and
most of us know how it oppresses the individual
man, cramping his energies, depressing his am-
bition, and virtually making him a slave, if not
of his creditor, of his circumstances. "The
rich ruleth over the poor, and the borrower is
servant to the lender."
However congenial a great national debt may
be to monarchical institutions which rest upon
the principles of primogeniture and an heredi-
tary aristocracy, no representative and popular
Government like ours can be truly independent
beneath such a load of debt as has been piled
upon us. Why, sir, at this moment we are re-
strained from buying territorial additions, and
from exploring the extfent of the precious metals
in the public domain, and from other necessary
and advantageous expenditures, by the presence
of this debt. It stands like a hideous specter
in the path of our progress. And suppose we
had to resent a national affront, or vindicate a
national right,, by war ; suppose, for example,
what is quite supposable, that, to compel Euro-
pean nations to respect*ithe doctrine of expa-
triation, uponwhichoursystem of naturalization
is built, we would find it expedient to adopt a
belligerent policy, would not this debt tend to
make us timid, obsequious, self-sacrificing?
I fear it would make some politicians
" Crook the pregnant hinges of the knee.
Where thrift may follow fawning."
I have said, sir, that if the debt be ever
paid labor must pay it; but to enable labor to
do its work it must have the assistance of
capital; and capital, habitually timid, is scared
away from enterprises of pith and moment by
this overshadowing cloud. At this moment
every industrial interest in the country lan-
guishes, and every look out into the future
discourages both capital and labor. Between
capital and labor there is, naturally, not only
no antagonism, but a strong elective affinity,
which, if undisturbed by repelling forces, will
draw them into harmonious cooperation. A
national debt is the worst of all repelling
forces. In England and France individual
wealth may be invested in public funds with-
out material injury to labor, because the Gov-
ernment becomes the employer of labor and
dispenses tjie wealth which is lent to it; but
with us the Government is and ought to be
confined to its appropriate functions as a
political power, and can engage in no internal
improvements or public works which are not
necessary for common defense or ordinary
governmental purposes. All the wealth, there-
fore, which the Government concentrates in
public loans is so much withdrawn from the
common avocations of life and from the re-
wards of labor. When, as in the instance
before us, a system of banking is based upon
the Government bonds and the Government
abstracts from the labor of the country a gold
interest to pay to the bankers, who sell it at a
premium and divide the profits among them-
selves, the public debt becomes a peculiar
curse to the people. The only currency which
the banks furnish the people is a depreciated
paper currency, which has the effect of enhanc-
ing the price of all the necessaries they con-
sume, while they return to the banks a coin
interest to swell the profits of these favored
corporations.
But a more comprehensive objection to a per-
manent public debt is its consolidating power.
This is strikingly illustrated in England, where,
under the operation of their public debt and
their system of intestacy, an aristocracy has
grown up which possesses most of the wealth
of the country and controls its legislation. This
moneyed aristocracy has ground the millions
down into abject poverty. Dwelling itself in
mansions of regal splendor, it has sent labor to
eat its scant meal and sleep its hard sleep in
small and mean cottages, sometimes made of
mud, and often with no roof but a thatch and
no floor but the ground. Ill-smothered dis-
