1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4047
redeemable in coin, and exchangeable for a
gold dollar, it being itself of the denomination
of a dollar, was of equivalent value for all com-
mercial purposes, so I submit is to be $100 of
greenbacks and the bond which the fiscal agent
of the Government is compelled to deliver for
the identical amount upon receipt of this $100.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
my friend is right; I am inclined to think he
is; but I ask him if this consequence would
follow: if the effect of this provision that any
man for $100 in greenbacks may get a hun-
dred-dollar bond at the Treasury at any time,
bearing five per cent, interest, is to keep it at
par nominally as it did before and might now,
then does it not unavoidably follow that this
exchange which gentlemen are talking about
as about to take place of a six per cent, bond,
•which is worth more than par, never will be
made, and therefore the bill will be inopera-
tive ?
Mr. CONKLING. That very likely follows.
But to pursue for one moment this point, I
ask gentlemen to consider whether by these
two provisions together we ai-e not launching
a bond which, for the present, is as good as
a ten percent, security where taxes areas high
as they are in the State of New York, and yet
fixing upon it a brand, so to speak, amounting
to a prohibition against its ever rising above
par in paper. It seems to me we are.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
finds in this operation a parallel with that pro-
vision to which I have referred, contained in
the act of 1862, which I have before me.
What was the philosophy of that act? We
put out legal-tender notes, destined—as a con-
spicuous candidate for the Presidency then in
the House of Representatives and a member
of the Committeeof Ways and Means, was fond
of saying—to be wanderers and fugitives on
the face of the earth, with a brand like Cain
upon their brow, and so on. Those who took
part in issuing the first $150,000,000 in green-
backs—
" Back recoiled, they know not why,
E'en at the sound themselves had made."
We remembered continental money; we re-
membered the assignat of France; and we won-
dered what was to become of these legal-tender
notes ; and as one of the modes of appreci-
ating and commending them, after we had
stated in speeches and reports that $16,000,-
000,000 was the assessed valuation of the prop-
erty which the securities of the United States
mortgaged, we provided that mortgages upon
this magnificent basis of taxation should be
exchangeable for these greenbacks ; and there
we stopped. But did anybody ever dream of
providing that the operation should be not to
receive absolutely the greenbacks, to use them
for their paying and circulating property after-
ward, but, as the Senator from New Jersey
now zealously insists this bill intends, for the
purpose of holding them idly as money bor-
rowed upon call? Why, sir, what sort of a
concomitant would that have been of the policy
inaugurated by the act of 1862? Everybody
will see that it would have defeated and refuted
the whole theory upon which it went; and so
I submit does this provision here, for the
additional reasons which 1 shall endeavor to
assign.
The honorable Senator from New Jersey
insists as a part of the case that this money is
to lie idle. How much money? As much as
we can become possessed of under a limit of
$400,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then consider the bar-
gain we are to make, paying five per cent.
Mr. CONKLING-, I am coming to that in
one moment. Not paying five per cent—I beg
to protest against that sotto voce admission of
the Senator. It is more than five per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In coin?
Mr. CONKLING. Five per cent, in coin,
with this extraordinary exemption which ties
us up for twenty years at least, to the bargain
that these bonds shall go unburdened, untaxed
with tribute of any kind whatever, either by
State or national authority. I was just coming,
as the Senator from Maine admonishes me to
come, to the consideration of the bargain that
we are to make. We take these promises to
pay of our own, not absolutely as in 1862, not
above all things for bonds which we are anx-
ious to put out; but we are to create afresh an
addition to our funded debt for the purpose of
paying it out in exchange for this money.
Why ? Not to use it as money is used, not to
turn around with it and extinguish so much of
the five-twenty interest-bearing bonds, not to
buy so much of commodity or defray so much
of current expenses, but to have it lie idly by
in the coffers of the realm, to be called for at
any moment as a call loan. Did anybody ever
hear of an arrangement like that-, of banker,
of Government, of broker, of pawnbroker, or
any sort of person engaged in traffic, paying
ten percent., or seven percent., or five per
cent., or one per cent., for money on call,
which was not even to be so much available
that he could contribute it as a balance to put
anywhere to his credit with a view to enhance
it, or seeming to enhance it? That is this
proposition.
But again, Mr. President, when are we to
receive this money ? Whenever money is com-
paratively useless and worthless, then we are
to receive it. So that the Government is to
stand as a trustee, as a backer for this purpose
in all times of need to speculators who are
unwilling to invest their money permanently
even in Government securities, rich as that
investment is, but who wish to keep it all the
time, using a vulgar phrase, where " now you
see it and now you don't;" where it can earn
something all the time, be it for a month or a
week that they do not want it while they are
lurking for speculative opportunities, and in-
stantly when they find them they are permitted
to call for it and the Treasury must respond.
Is that a wise thing, looking 
Mr. SHERMAN. Do I interrupt my friend
by interposing?
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will ask the Senator
from New York whether in this the Govern-
ment of the United States is in any respect
different from an ordinary banker. A banker
has $100,000 outstanding of his notes. To all
the world that is money ; but to the banker it
is a debt. Now, the United States have
$360,000,000 outstanding. To all the world
that is money; to us it is a debt that we are
bound to pay. Ought we to refuse to pay that
at any time, either by payment in gold, the
money of the world, or by giving our note? Is
not every banker under the same burden of
liability which the Senator describes now ?
Every banker is bound to pay his notes when
presented, and every broker outside, and every
speculator, and every sharper watches when
that money is worth the most and presents it
to the banker for payment. Can he then refuse
to pay it merely because more possibly is made
out of it than at any other time? Is not that
the condition of our Government? Our notes
are out. They are our debts. They are not
moneytous, butdebts. Are we not bound to pay
them whenever they are presented, and when-
ever payment is demanded by the creditor? Is
not he the judge of the time he wants it; and
ought we not, if we cannot pay the money,
that which we are giving to the bondholder,
exchange it for other bonds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is one side; now
look at the other.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me answer.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not trench upon
the Senator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all. I am very-
much obliged to the honorable Senator from
Ohio for putting that question, because it en-
ables me to state two propositions, each of
■which I believe to be precisely in answer to his.
In the first place, his question whether we
ought not in ethics and in commercial honor,
to redeem these promises to pay, goes back to
the old question of the legal-tender act: it goes
back to the old question of an enforced loan;
of au individual assuming the right, if you
could suppose the prerogative to rest in an
individual, of issuing his checks bearing no
interest and compelling his creditors to receive
them at par. That is all there is to that; and
I submit, stopping there for a moment, to the
honorable Senator, that no consideration of
ethics or of casuistry rests nponus at this mo-
ment with one feather of weight in addition to
that which the same consideration had two
years or four years ago. When the time shall
come that we can resume specie payments,
that we can atone in the commercial atone-
ment of the world to all of these creditors,
undoubtedly we shall be bound to do it, and
undoubtedly within every principle we shall
be in guilty default if we do not do it. I do
not see why that does not answer entirely one
branch of the suggestion which the Senator
makes.
But I want more especially to come to the
other. He asks me whether this is not precisely
what every banker does? No, sir ; no banker
who is permitted to hold up his head in any
commercial community stoops so low as we
propose shall stoop the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States. Why ? I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio whether he was ever upon terms
so confidential with any bank that he would be
tolerated for one moment, in a stringent money
market, in going to that bank and borrowing
money for seven per cent., or the ordinary per
cent., in order that he might turn around and
speculate upon the vicissitudes of his neighbors,
making them pay him for it a much larger per
cent. Every man knows a bank would not
tolerate that. What would the honorable Sen-
ator from New Jersey think of me, if I were
his most esteemed friend, and I should resort
to his bank in times of commercial panic and
stringency to borrow money by reason of my
access there, in order that I might turn around
and lend it to men who would pay me more for
it than the interest I paid him ? Is not that
what the Treasury is to do? The honorable
Senator shakes his head. I beg him to hear
me a moment upon that. I say that the money
in this automatic arrangement will transmute
itself into bonds when money is worthless and
useless, comparatively. Isayitwillberesumed
whenever it can be used for speculative pur-
poses at a far greater profit; and when I have
said that, I have affirmed, in other words, that
the capitalists who have it there upon call,
drawing it as they will, will turn around in
every period of panic and lend it to men and
venture it in operations by which there will be
brought back to them an interest greater than
that they realize by lending it upon call. Is
there anything plainer than that ? "Where a
man's treasure is, there is his heart also;"
and where the mode of speculating upon this
money is, there will be the attention, and in
that direction the action of those with whom
we are about to treat.
Is there any bank that would tolerate that?
Is there any bank, I ask again, that will dis-
count for stockholders, directors, officers, con-
fidential men of any kind, in order that suit-
ing the action to the time and the opportunity,
they may get money, not for their own busi-
ness, but to turn around and lend it to other
persons? Why, sir, it strikes me that one of
the conspicuous things in which this provision
is odious is that the Government becomes the
accomplice of usurers. That is what no re-
spectable bank means to do.
Now, Mr. President, there is one other item
that I omitted, speaking of what is ^paid for
this, and a very important item too. _ This five
per cent, in coin is to be paid semi-annually.
I do not stop to dwell upon it, but I ought to
have included it in stating the value of these
bonds.
What else does this section do? The hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts finds in it
a look toward the resumption of specie pay-
ments in the third section ; so he says. I
have looked at it very closely ; I have read the
letters and the comments of those whose eyes
are far sharper and better than mine; audi have
been entirely unable to discover auythiug like
