18G8.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
accordance with this act and the laws of the
several States through whose territory the same
shall pass, shall be deemed, recognized, and
known as lawful structures and a post road, and
are hereby declared as such: Provided, how-
ever, That the saidcompany, in the construction
of its bridges over and across the waters known
as the East Pascagoula river, and the Bay of
Biloxi, [and] the Bay of St. Louis, shall con-
struct and maintain draw-bridges in the chan-
nels thereof, which, when open, shall give a
clear space for the passage of vessels of not less
than eighty feet in the channels of the East
Pascagoula, and of the Bay of Biloxi, and of
the Bay of St. Louis, and of not less than one
hundred feet in the channel of the Great Rig-
olet; and said company shall at all times open
the said draw-bridges, and shall provide reason-
able and necessary facilities for the passage of
all vessels requiring the same, except during
and for ten minutes prior to and after the time
of the passage of the mail and passenger trains
of said company.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
right to alter or amend this act, so as to prevent
or remove all material obstructions to the navi-
gation of said rivers, growing out of the con-
struction of said bridges, is hereby expressly
reserved.
Approved, March 2, 18G8.
Chap. XVI.—An Act extending the Time for
the Completion of the Dubuque and Sioux
City Railroad,
Be it enacted by the Sen ate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time for com-
pleting a line ofrailroad from Dubuque to Sioux
City, in the State of Iowa, for the construction
of which Sands were granted in alternate sec-
tions to said State by act entitled "An act
making a grant of lands to the State of Iowa in
alternate sections to aid in the construction of
railroads in said State,'' approved May fifteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, be, and thesame
is, extended until the first day of January,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, subject to
the reverter mentioned in said act at the expi-
ration of the time herein limited: Provided,
[That] said road shall he constructed on the
most practical route by way of Webster City
and Port Dodge to Sioux City, which route
shall be at all points within the limits of said
land grant, and the same shall be completed to
Fort Dodge on or before the first day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, and there-
after at the rate of not less than forty miles each
year; and the said road shall be constructed,
operated, and maintained as one continuous
and unbroken line of road from Dubuque to
Sioux City; and no lands shall be disposed of,
or patented, or certified for said purposes more
than forty miles in advance of the point to
which said road may be constructed from time
to time.
Approved, March 2, 1808.
Chap. XVII.—An Act in relation to L-Jando
in the Great Miami River.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of A merica in
Congress assembled, That in the ease of such
islands in the Great Miami river, in the State
of Ohio, as are undisposed of, or any vacant
public lands adjacent thereto, which are in the
actual and exclusive occupancy of any persons
who have made improvements thereon, or of
their heirs or assigns, such occupants thereof
shall have the preference right to enter the
same at two dollars and fifty cents per acre,
on making proof of the facts to the satisfac-
tion of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and paying for the land within twelve
months from the passage of this act, and
patents shall issue for the tracts so entered as
usual in entries of public lands.
Approved, March 2. 1868.
Chap. XIX.—An Act authorizing the Sale of
an unoccupied Military Site at Waterford,
Pennsylvania.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Eep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized in
his discretion to sell to the highest and best
bidder the military site of three acres of land
at Waterford, Brie county, Pennsylvania, be-
longing to the United States, and pay the pro-
ceeds into the Treasury of the United States.
! Approved, March 4, 1868.
Chap. XX.—An Act restoring Lands to Market
along the Line of the Pacific Railroads and
Branches.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Mouse of liep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That nothing in the act
approved July first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, entitled "An act to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes," and
the acts amendatory thereof, shall be held to
authorize the withdrawal or exclusion from
settlement and entry, under the provisions of
the preemption or homestead laws, the even
numbered sections along the routes of the sev-
eral roads therein mentioned which have been
vr may be hereafter located : Provided, That
such sections shall be rated at two dollars and
fifty cents per acre, and subject only to entry
under those laws ; and the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and
directed to restore to homestead settlement,
preemption, or entry, according to existing
laws, all the even-numbered sections of land
belonging to the Government, and now with-
drawn from market, on both sides of the Pacific
railroad and branches, wherever said road and
branches have been definitely located.
Approved, March 6, 1868.
Chap. XXL'—An Act for the Kelief of Settlers
on the late Sioux Indian Reservation in the
State of Minnesota.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all actual settlers,
who have duly filed their declaratory state-
ments under the preemption laws with the
register of the proper local land office, upon
the unsold lands now included within the limits
of the late Sioux Indian reservation, in the
State of Minnesota, shall be allowed two years
Iroin and after the passage of this act within
which to make proof and payment for their
claims, in accordance with the provisions of
the second and third sections of the act ap-
proved March third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, providing for the disposal of said
reservation.
Approved, March G, 18GS.
Ciiap. XXII.—An Act in relation to the Pro
mulgatioii of the Laws of the United States.
Be ii enactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage of this act it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of State to furnish the Congressional
Printer with a correct copy of every act and _
joint resolution as soon os possible after its j
approval by the President of the United States,
or after it shall have become a law in accord-
ance with the Constitution without such ap-
proval. And so much of section seven of the
act entitled "An act to expedite and regulate
the printing of the public documents, and for
other purposes," approved June twenty-five,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, as requires
the Secretary of the Senate to furnish such
copy, is hereby repealed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Congressional Printer, on receipt of the copy
provided for in the foregoing section, shall in
every case immediately cause an accurate
printed copy of the act or resolution, as it shall
have been furnished to him, to be prepared and
sent in duplicate to the Secretary of State for
revision, and on return of one of the revised
duplicates the Congressional Printer shall at
once have the marked corrections made, should
there be any, and cause to be printed and sent
to the Department of State fifty copies, and
also cause to be printed separately the usual
number for the use of the two Houses of
Congress : Provided, That on request of the
Secretary of State the Congressional Printer
shall furnish to the Department of State any
additional number of copies of any act or reso-
lution, not exceeding five hundred copies.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of State to
transmit to the Congressional Printer, at the
beginning of each session of Congress, and
thereafter when necessary, a list of all news-
papers authorized by law to publish the laws
of the United States, with their respective post
offices, so far as thesame shall have been com-
municated to him by the Clerk of the House of
Representatives; and it shall be the duty of
the Congressional Printer, on the printing of
each act or resolution, excepting those which
are of a private character, and which shall be
so designated by the Secretary of State, to
transmit a copy thereof to each of the editors
of such newspapers for prompt publication;
and the number of copies of the public acts and
resolutionsrequisiteforthis purpose are hereby
authorized and required to be printed; and all
letters and documents to and from the Con-
gressional Printer, relating to the duties and
business of his office, shall be transmitted by
mail, free of postage, under such regulations
as may be established by the Postmaster
General.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That all
the provisions of this act which apply to public
acts and resolutions shall in like manner apply
to treaties between the Government of the
United States and foreign Governments, after
they shall have been duly ratified and pro-
claimed by the President of the United States;
and shall also apply to postal conventions made
between the Postmaster General, by and with
[the] advice and consent of the President, on
the part of the United States, and equivalent
officers of foreign Governments on the part of
their respective countries, under the authority
of the second section of the act entitled "An
act to reduce and modify the rates of postage
ill the United States, and for other purposes,"
approved March three, eighteen hundred and
fifty-one : Provided, That it shall be the duty
of the Postmaster General to transmit a copy
of each of said conventions to the Secretary of
State, for this purpose, and that the printed
copy of said conventions shall be revised by
the Post Office Department.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all
laws and parts of laws requiring the Secretary
of State to send the laws first directly to news-
papers for publication, as well as all laws and
parts of laws in conflict with the provisions of
this act, are hereby repealed.
Approved, March 9, 1868.
Chap. XXIV.—An Act for the temporary
Kelief of Destitute People in the District of
Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of fifteen
thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, for_the_ tem-
porary relief of the destitute population in the
District of Columbia, to be expended under
the supervision and direction of the Commis-
sioner of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned
Lands: Provided, That as far as practical
