.1868.
THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
3023
ing the Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Galveston
Railroad Company, for reasons stated therein,
to extend their road from Leavenworth City to
the military post of Fort Leavenworth; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
_ The bill (H. R. No. 1212) to relieve certain
citizens of Arkansas of disabilities was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
REPRESENTATION Of SOUTHERN STATES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 1058) to admit the States
of North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
Georgia, and Alabama to representation in
Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of tie Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. FERRY. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Buckalew, Cole, Davis,
Hendricks, Howard, McCreery, Morgan, Nye, Pat-
terson ot Tennessee,Ross, Saulsbury,Sherman,Sum-
ner, Thayer, Vickers, Wade, Wilson, and Yates—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Conkling. Conner, Cor-
bett.Crasin. Drake,Edmunds, Ferry, Krelinghuysen,
Harlan, Howe, Morrill ot Vermont. Morton, Pome-
roy, Ramsey, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull. Van Win-
kle. Willey, and Williams—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard,Cameron,Cattell.Dixon.
Doohttle, Fessenden, Fowler,_<rrimes. Henderson,
Johnson, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Patterson of
New Hampshire, and Sprague—14.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. YATES obtained the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. With the permission of
the Senator from Illinois, and with the unani-
mous consent of the Senate, I should like to
make a suggestion. I think that if an agree-
ment could be arrived at now that a vote shall
be taken to-morrow at a certain hour fixed we
might adjourn, very much to the convenience
of the Senate, and without much interruption
to the public business. If it shall be agreed
that the vote shall be taken to-morrow at four
o'clock it will give a chance to those who
desire to speak to be heard.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How can you make such
an agreement when so many speeches are to be
made?
Mr. ANTHONY. We can make such an
agreement, if it shall be unanimously assented
to, with the understanding that the Senator
who has charge of the bill shall have the clos-
ing speech. That has been done many times
siuce I have been a member of the body; there
has been an agreement arrived at that at a cer-
tain hour fixed the Senator having charge of
the bill should take the floor and at the close
of his speech the vote be taken. If that can
be agreed upon now, it will give our friends
who desire to speak an opportunity to be heard
in a better part of the day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think as we have stayed
to this hour, we had better dispose of the
bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will stay if the Senator
who has charge of the bill says so.
Mr. CONNESS. I trust we shall go on with
our business. The question has been submit-
ted and decided.
The. PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS and others called for the
yeas and nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I shall not
speak to-night. I have refrained from speak-
ing for the last two days in order to expedite
the bill, with the hope that I might have an
opportunity to address the Senate on the ques-
tion of its final passage. I might have spoken
heretofore if I had desired to thrust myself on
the Senate; but 1 preferred to expedite the
bill, and hence I refrained from speaking until
the bill should be on its passage.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I think we
had better make an arrangement about this
matter, and have it understood that the vote
shall be taken to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER alid others. That is the best
way. /
Mr. WILSON. I understand that my col-
league and the Senator from Illinois have care-
fully prepared remarks on this bill, and desire
to spejflc. It may be that some one may wish
to reply to them, and therefore I propose that
w&reach an understanding that the vote shall
: taken to-morrow.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I beg to suggest that the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] has given
us notice that he wishes to be heard.
Mr. WILSON. Let it be understood that
we give to-morrow to debate on this bill, and
close the debate to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. Unless there can bo some
hour fixed to-morrow when we shall take the
vote, we may as well take it to-night at twelve
o'clock as to-morrow night at twelve. If
Senators will agree that the debate shall close
at four o'clock to-morrow, and that at that
time the Senatorfrom Illinois, who has charge
of the bill, [Mr. Trumbull,] shall be entitled
to the floor, and that at the conclusion of his
remarks the vote shall be taken, I think we
may agree to oblige our friends, whom we all
wish to oblige, and conduce to our own com-
fort. If, however, there is to be no hour fixed
for taking the vote to-morrow, but we are to
go on without any security that we shall not
have to take it at one or two o'clock in the
morning, we may as well take it to-night.
Mr. CONNESS. I simply wish to say that
there will be abundant opportunity for Sena-
tors to make speeches when the veto to this
bill comes in, which is morally certain. I hope
that, since we have worked so long upon this
bill to the exclusion of other business, Sena-
tors will consent to vote on it to-night. There
will be abundant opportunity for discussion
hereafter on the main proposition.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think it is very unrea-
sonable that the Senator from Illinois and the
Senator from Massachusetts should not be
allowed to be heard on this subject. I have
not quite so much sympathy for the Senator
from Massachusetts, inasmuch as I understood
him to say some time ago that a lawyer ought
to be able to commence speaking at ten o'clock
in the morning and speak until six o'clock in
the evening. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. It is past six now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But inasmuch as lie is
connected with gentlemen who have not the
same powers of endurance, I think it is but
reasonable to adjourn; and I do not see why
we cannot all agree to take the vote at four
o'clock to-morrow. It is reasonable. We
generally extend this sort of courtesy to one
another, and I should dislike to see it refused
to any Senator. I know I should expect it if
I asked for it.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I have
only to say, in the spirit in which the Senator
from Rhode Island made his suggestion, that
voting against this adjournment and insisting
upon remaining here is one of the most un-
pleasant incidents which have occurred to me
since I have been in the Senate. I have been
appealed to quite strongly by one or two Sena-
tors who wish to speak, and who seem to mis-
understand entirely my vote, and I beg to
explain to them in the presence of the whole
Senate why it is that I did not do what, with
some feeling, one or two of them seem to think
I should have done.
I agree with the Senator who has this bill in
charge, and who has attempted in vain on two
or three days to induce the Senate to remain
here and dispose of it, to remain on this occa-
sion to do it; and I beg to say to those Sena-
tors that I did it in ignorance of the fact that
they wished to be heard upon the bill. I did
know that they contemplated addressing the
Senate, but I did not know that they contem-
plated doing it or attached importance to do-
ing it upon this particular bill. I beg to say
to them that I made the agreement I did in
ignorance of their wishes; and that in voting
as I did I stand by that understanding. At
the same time I am very glad that the Senator
from Rhode Island, with his usual good nature
and politeness, is seeking to get some arrange-
ment which will be satisfactory to everybody.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senate had been
informed this afternoon, at the usual time of
adjournment, that there were Senators desirous
to make speeches which would occupy four or
five hours, the Senate would have adjourned
and we could have went home. I have stayed
here until this hour with much physical diffi-
culty and suffering for the purpose of tak-
ing a vote on this bill. Now, Mr. President,
I shall be glad to hear the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts and the Senator from Illinois. I
know their ability, and I understand some-
thing about the subject on which they are
going to speak; and I am not willing for one
that any arrangement s|jall be made that the
vote shall be taken at four o'clock or five
o'clock to-morrow afternoon. Prom what I
understand will be the course of discussion to
be pursued by one or both of these distin-
guished Senators, there will be some here—and
not a few I imagine—who will desire to reply
to them. Their doctrines will not be allowed
to pass the Senate unchallenged. I have no
objection to adjourning now, but not with the
understanding that certain speeches are to be
delivered to-morrow, and that then the Senate
is to adjourn or the vote to be taken, denying
to others the privilege of replying if they should
desire to do so.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, my anxiety to
get to a vote upon this bill to-night grows out
of the intelligence which every morning's mail
brings me from these southern States. Not a
mail comes, not a morning paper comes to lny
room thatdoesnotcontainaccountsof murders
and outrages being perpetrated; and we of
the Senate of the United States, ready to take
a vote and ready to pass this bill, are asked to
adjourn over for the purpose of hearing fur-
ther speeches upon the side which is sure to
prevail if a vote is taken to-night. I hope, for
the sake of the suffering citizens of this coun-
try in the southern States, that wo may take
the vote to-night.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I do not think
the passage of this bill will arrest any of the
murders and violence that the honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut mentions. On the con-
trary, if it has any effect in that direction, I
believe it will increase them. But this is a
very important measure, and it does not seem
to me that an undue or an unseemly amount
of time has been consumed upon it. A meas-
ure of more importance in its effects has not
come up to be acted on by the Senate. If the
Senate should take all day to-morrow, and
until this time in the evening to-morrow, to
dispose of this important measure, it would
not be a waste of time. I think the Senate
ought to adjourn to give the gentlemen who
wish to debate the measure such further time
to do so as they, in their discretion, may choose
to use.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose there is no
difficulty in coming to an understanding that
some time to-morrow or to-morrow evening we
shall vote. Does any Senator object to that?
With that sort of understanding I think we
might well adjourn ; and therefore I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. Upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FERRY. I suggest that there has been
no business since the last rote on a motion to
adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Indi-
ana that the Senate do now adjourn, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cole, Davis, Hendricks,
Howard, McCreery, Morgan, Patterson of Tennessee,
