1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
bcrne, of Illinois, and "Wilson, of Iowa, were
appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 31, noes 67.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon,
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] to strike out in lines ten
and eleven "$1,500,000" and insert in lieu
thereof "$50-1,904 32;" so that the paragraph
will read:
For necessary expenses in carrying into effect the
several acts of Congress authorizing loans and the
issue of Treasury notes, $561,90432.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to offer an amendment to the amend-
ment. It is to add the following proviso :
Provided, That none of said sum shall be used to
pay commissions for the purchase, sale, or conversion
of the bonds or notes of the United States.
Mr. LOGAN. I have certainly no objection
to that myself. I think it is right.
Mr. RANDALL. I know it is right.
Mr. LOGAN. I should be glad to see it
adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
rise to commence my hour speech at this time.
I am indifferent as to what the House may do
with the amendment of my colleague, [Mr.
Logan.] Jf gentlemen will look at the para-
graph which it is proposed to amend they will
see that the appropriation as made here is " for
necessary expenses in carrying into effect the
several acts of Congress authorizing loans and
tlie issue of Treasury notes."
The estimate of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to carry out existing law—because it is for
no other purpose—was $2,000,000. The com-
mittee were somewhat staggered by that esti-
mate, and thought we could get along with a
smaller amount, and I was instructed to make
inquiry at the Treasury Department in relation
to it. I did so, and I have here a letter which
was read by my colleague, [Mr. Logan,] but
which I shall ask to have read again by the
Clerk. It will be seen, however, that the
committee, instead of putting in the $2,000,000
estimated for, only put in §1,500,000. The
Secretary, in his letter, thinks that the whole
amount estimated is necessary; but the com-
mittee did not care to change the amount which
they had put in their bill, to ivit: SI,500,000.
I will ask that the House, in order that they
may thoroughly understand this matter as it is
understood by the Treasury Department as to
what is necessary to carry out the laws which
we have already made, may listen to the letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and then
they can do as they please.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department, February 25, 1868.
Si££ : In rejily to the memorandum left here by you
ou the 22d instant, oil the subject ot the item of
$2,000,000 submitted in the estimates of appropria-
tions tor the fiscal year ending June 30, 1809, tor
necessary expenses in carrying into eifect the several
acts of Congiess authorizing loans and the issue of
Treasury notes, I have to state that the amount ex-
pended under this head was, for the year ending
June 30, 1SG7, SI,819,263 29; and for tho first eight
months of the following year, $1,247,515 98.
This appropriation includes the expense of execut-
ing the work of the Baieau of .Engraving and Printing,
which now numbers six hundred and twenty-four
employes, about its general average, and furnishing
paperand many other necessary articles for conduct-
ing the same, and also for the clerk hire of the De-
partment proper connected with loans.
Under these circumstances I am of opinion that
the estimate of $2,000,000 will not be iu excess of the
requirements.
This fund will, of course, be used with strict econ-
omy, and should tho committee determine to reduce
it there can be submitted in the usual deficiency bill
at the commencement of the next Congress, if it be-
come necessary, such additional amount as may then
appear to be required.
I am, very respectfully, II. McCULLOCH,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. E. B. Washiuirne, Committee on Appropria-
tion8, House of Representatives.
Mr. LOGAN. I want to call the attention
of the House to this proposition of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. He is willing to accept
this appropriation of $1,500,000, with a threat
that at the next session of Congress he will
ask for a further appropriation in the deficiency
bill. Now, I have sent to the desk a statement
showing the exact amount of expenditures for
this Printing Bureau, for the salaries and com-
pensation of all the officers and employes of
every character, and I have asked that just
that amount shall be appropriated. I again
ask the attention of the House to what he says
about the subject of paper. I think we should
stop any further appropriation for the purchase
of paper until the Secretary of the Treasury
shall stop destroying thousands of sheets un
used of the paper which we have already pur-
chased ; until he shall have to save that he now
has on hand.
Now, I would ask what printing is there to
be done there? I know the gentleman in charge
of this bill [Mr. Washburne, of Illinois] does
not want to make an appropriation of money
when no money is necessary. I would like to
have some member of that committee explain
to me what printing is now to be done by that
Printing Bureau. Do not members know that
after the 15th day of July next there is to be
no printing done there? Then I would ask
what this appropriation of $1,000,000 is for?
They have on hand now all the material, inks,
&c., that is necessary. I wish the committee
had examined that matter thoroughly. The
Secretary says that he wants this appropriation
for paper and othe things. What "other
things?" Let him send his estimate to the
House of his " other things " that he wants an
appropriation for.
Now, I do not say that I know all about this
matter. But I do say that I have examined it
sufficiently to know that this §1,000,000 is
not necessary, and if you appropriate this
money you will make an appropriation for
which there is no necessity. They are print-
ing now no Treasury notes, yet they have the
same number of employes, in fact, more than
they had when they were printing all your
bonds, Treasury notes, fractional currency,
and everything of that kind. I say they have
more forcc; not perhaps in numbers, but they
are more efficient workers than they were at
that time. And they have more in number
to-day than there is any necessity for. They
are doing no printing there that amounts to
anything; and they will do none after the loth
of .Inly. Now, I would like some gentleman
conversant with this matter to tell me what this
51,000,000 is for.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not know that I can
answer the gentleman's question, but I desire
to interrupt him for a moment. I am glad to
see, by the gentleman's speeches to have this
appropriation reduced, that he has given up
the idea of needing any more means to issue
additional greenbacks.
Mr. LOGAN. I have not done any such thing.
But I will say to the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Blaine] that when Congress passes laws for
the issue of any more greenbacks it can appro-
priate money to buy the paper.
Mr. BLAINE. But the gentleman thinks
that so improbable that he would not appro-
priate anything now?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; I say no such thing.
I think the gentleman from Maine is himself
very improbable in his positions and state-
ments. lie is opposed to issuing any more
greenbacks. Why, then, does the gentleman's
own committee, the Committee on Appropria-
tions, want this $1,000,000? T wish he would
explain it. He is on the committee, and he
ought to know what this money is wanted for.
I presume it is wanted for some such purpose
as that for which the Secretary of the Treas-
ury wants the §100,000 voted to him by the
Senate the other day, which it was said was to
defend some lawsuits which somebody will
probably commence at some future day in
some court, nobody can tell where! Then,
again, he wants $150,000 for the detection of
counterfeiters, whom no attempt to arrest will
ever be made.
Now, sir, I ask, through no personal feel-
ing toward the Secretary or anybody else,
that this House shall do that which it is re-
quired to do by law. When the Department
shall have shown any right to this appropria-
tion I shall be willing to vote for it. Until
that is shown I am opposed to stich an ex-
penditure. Let this money be expended for
something that requires the expenditure. By
appropriating this §1,000,000 for some other
necessary purpose we shall subserve better
the interests of our constituents and the coun-
try than by appropriating it for this Printing
Bureau, under the charge of this man S. M.
Clark. When this Congress seems determined
that no more money shall be printed and
issued, and when that bureau is destroying
the paper that has already been purchased for
it, as has been shown here recently, I think we
should stop these appropriations for the ex-
penses of printing.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, what is the
position of my amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is pending.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not think the amend-
ment requires any elaborate argument on my
part. It speaks for itself. It is so manifestly
proper that I think there will be no objection
to it. Hence I will not occupy the attention
of the House. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. Randall's amendment to the amend-
ment was agreed to.
On agreeing to the amendment, as amended,
there were—ayes 08, noes 30.
So the amendment of Mr. Logan, as amended,
was adopted.
The first amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was read, as follows:
On page 2. in line twenty-four, after the word
"provided," insert "further;" so that it will read,
".Provided further."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was read, as follows :
On page 4, in line sixty-seven, strike out " thirty"
and insert in lieu thereof "sixty;" so as to make the
paragraph read:
For continuing the survey of the western coast of
the United States, including compensation of civil-
ians engaged in the work, &60.000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
On page 4, after line seventy-eight, insert the fol-
lowing:
For pay and rations of engineers for steamers used
in the hydrography of the Coast Survey, no longer
supplied by the Navy Department, per act of June
12,1853, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was read , as follows:
On page 6, after line one hundred and twenty-one,
insert the following:
For the erection of a permanent buoy on Success
Kock, long Island sound, $3,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This
amendment wasoffered in the Committee of the
Whole by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Tabek.] In the regular estimates in regard to
light-houses, on page 71, the item was omitted ;
but in a more detailed estimate, on page 117,
the item is inserted. Under these circum-
stances I see no objection to the amendment
being adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent,
offered the following amendment:
At the end of lino ninety-three add the following :
And provided farther, That the appropriation now
a\ailable lor rebuilding the light-houses at Bailey's
harbor. Lake Michigan, be applied to the election
ot anew structure between that point and Korth
bay, and upon its completion the light at Bailey's
harbor shall be discontinued.
The amendment -was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee of
the Whole was read, as follows :
Page 8, line one hundred and eighty-two, add tho
following:
And it is hereby provided, That the six steamxev-
enne cutters stationed upon the northern and north-
western lakes and their tiibutaries shall be laid up,
and that 110 more of the money appropriated by litis
act shall be paid 011 their account than so much as
may be necessary for their safe and proper care and
keeping.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I hope this
