6S.Q8R
January 18(r
content and oft$p open ^tbre Va of p.op#lar
passions have been the consequences of the
iaUe relation that exists between capital and
Lbor in that country. Hence the necessity for
a standing army, an armed police, and a hire-
ling constabulary to keep the people iu .order
and to enable capital to wring the Jast drop of
sweat; from the brow of industry. AH this, I
repeat, may be well enough tor a monarchy,,
bur let not our simple republican institutions
fall under the control of a moneyed aristocracy,
else the people of this country wijl share the
fate of their kindred in the mother country.
Everything which tends to a consolidation of
money power, or political power, is inimical to
the principles and genius of our American lib-
erty. Our system of intestacy is one of the
best institutions of the country, for it diffuses
the accumulated wealth of families ; but char-
ters of incorporation avoid and defeat the oper-
ation of the intestate laws. When we see _a
vast array of banks, based upon a great public
debt, and rapidly accumulating wealth, while
the people at large are embarrassed to pay their
taxes, we may well take alarm, and conclude(
that if we would preserve and perpetuate repub-
lican institutions we must get rid of that debt.
I do not propose to pay the debt at onpe. It
is too big to be wiped out suddenly, but we can
place ourselves upon sound principles, which, if
steadily adhered to, will extinguish the debt,
within the lifetime of living men. And the j
moment the world sees that we have adopted a |
system of finance that shall fee based upon the
world's measure of values, that we have begun
to retrench expenses in earnest, that we have
levied such reasonable taxes as can be collected,
and that we consider no debt paid until it is
redeemed in gold and silver, our debt^ great as
it is, will, for all practical purposes, disappear.
It will be virtually paid from that ljour.
My next observation is that Government
bonds ought to be taxed as bonds. The text
of several of the acts of Congress under which
they were issued exempts them from State and
municipal taxation, but not from taxation for
the purposes of the Federal Government. .The
income derived from them by our own citizens
is, I believe, included in taxable incomes, but as
distinct fbrms of property they have escaped
taxation, while all other forms, of property have
been laid under contribution to pay iptefest on
these very bonds, and to support the Govern*
ment, which gives tliem all the value they pos-
sess. This is not equitable or just.
But it will be said these bonds.were placed
in the market and sold with the understanding,
express or tacit, that they were not to be taxed.
Sir, the taxing power is vested in Congress as.
a trust for the people, to be exercised.for their
protection and benefit, hut not to.be aliened,
mortgaged, or given away. No former Con-
gress coula .take the taxing power away from
this or any other future Congress. The dead
cannot bind the living. This Congress as-,
sembled with all.its constitutional functions
and powers unimpaired by what former Con-
gresses or Treasury agepts had said or done
in respect of the taxing power. ''Congress
shall have power to levy and collect taxes,"
Says the Constitution, and to argue that toe,
Save not this power, becausevof wliat our pre-'
deceSso'rp did, is to make the'Constitution, re-
pealable fey sk act of Congress or a Treasury
circular. The taking power is the vital breath
in the nostrils of the Government. If it may
be suspended in respect qf one form of prop-
erty, ft may in respect of. all other forms of
property, and thai be extinguished", which
would be suicide of the Government.
But if the power exists, it may be ill faith,
a sort of repudiation to exercise it. Jfot so.
The public creditor knows what the, legislative
powers of the Government are when fie lends
his money, and be takes the' risk of a, consti-
tutional exercise of those powers. Salaries^
are fixed by law as solemnly as these bprids
promise to pay, and judicial salaries are pro-
tected. from diminution by the Constitution^
yet the Government docs not hesitate to taX
salaries, and nobody reproaches it with re-
pudiation. The fact is, all forms of property,
whether they be houses and lands, stocks, bonds,
or offices enjoy governmental protection, and
therefore owe the correlative duty of support
to the Government. This is the principle upon
which the foreign bond-holder can be justly ;
taxed. His property, so far as it is invested
in bonds, is here to be protected and defended
by our Government. What he holds in hi?
strong-box across the ocean is only the title- !
deed, the evidence and sign of the thing sig- ;
nified. The substance is here in our hands,
to be guarded, preserved, and returned; and
as all these are governmental duties, whatever j
and whoever enjoys governmental protection]!
is bound to contribute to the support of Gov- J i
ernment. Nor will there be any expensive
machinery necessary to collect this tax,,for it
can be deducted from each coupon as it falls
due, and go directly to the relief of the
Treasury. It will, tend also to equalize and
render uniform all public burdens, and thus
take away the irritating contrast that is now ;
presented between Government bonds and j
other form? of property,. the invidious dip- j
crimination between bondholders and tax- !
payers in general. _ jj
My third observation is, that we should fix ! |
a time for the resumption of specie payments, i'
first, of all sums not exceeding twenty dollars, ;
and a more distant day for all other sums.
The advantage of doing this now by a declara- j
tory act would be to give the country notice tq
prepare for specie payments, and such is the
elasticity and adaptability of pur people that
they could, with ample notice, prepare for this
return to our normal condition without mate-
rial sacrifice or inconvenience. The propo-
sition includes, of course, the repeal of so !
much of the act of Congress of 25th Febru-
ary, 1862 ,and of subsequent acts, as made
Treasury notes legal tenders in payment of
debts. By the act of 1862 $150,000,000. were
authorized, and by subsequent acts some five
hundred and fifty millions more—making an
aggregate of some seven hundred millions, of
irredeemable notes that were made legal tend-
ers in payment of debts. How many of these
notes nave been issued and, are still out-
standing I am unable to ascertain from the
official reports, but they entered at once into
the circulation of the country, and were used
to pay off all debts that had matured. Ground
rents and mortgages were paid off to a vast
extent in Pennsylvania—debtors hunting their
creditors as keenly as, in other circumstances,
creditors pursue debtors, As these notes have!
not averaged in value more than from sixty to
seventy cents in the dollar, and, yet were made
legal tenders at par, it is apparent that the
debtor who used them saved a third of his debt,
and his creditor lost it.( A.nd yet all thadebts.
of the country, except such as stipulated for
payment in specific articles, were contracted
on the specie basis, and were redeemable, before
these acts of Congress were passed in nothing
fcut gold and silver coins. If these coins were
expressly stipulated for in the contract,, • of
course the legal obligation existed to render
them, but if they- were not. expressly stipu-
lated for the creditor had a right to demand,
them, for nothing else w&3 a legal tender.
When Congress created another legal tender,
worth only two thirds a$ much as that upon
the faith of which contract had been made,
they, tempted every debtor to use the cheaper
and baser currency to pay his debts, and they,
annihilated a third of the debts of the country.
If any man would measure the sacrifice and
havoc of private rights which this legislation
has caused let him inquire into the aggregate
of debts, public and private. State, municipal,
corporate and individual, that have been ex-
tinguished by greenbacks, and a full third, of
that aggregate may bp regarded as lq$t to the
country, confiscated, annihilated.
And now it is proposed to pay off the five-
twenty bonds;, which bear a six pe^ cent, inter-
est to com, with these greenbacks that bear
nQ int$B$qt, apd it is argued that the text of
the act; of 1863 authorizes this to be done. I
believe this suggestion originated with Mr.
Pendleton, of Ohio, but it has found an able
defender in this House in the person of the
member .from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctlsr.]
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cary] also
favors the suggestion, and inciee4 he seems to
think greenback? are a better currency than
gold and silver, The gentleman from jSiassa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] is not faithful to the
cause he has espoused whence admits that the
indebtedness of the Government, antecedent to
the act of 1862, must be paid in coin, apd the
reason he gives,.to wit: that that indebtedfiesfj
was contracted on the specie basis, would &ave
applied to the millions of private and corpora-
tion debts that have been paid in greenbacks. -
Does not the honorable gentleman know that
the courts liave decided that the act of 1862,
the first legal-tender law, applies to all antece-
dent debts, public and private, even those ex-
pressed to he payable in coin ? Interest on the;
public bonds and duties are the only e*geptions,
mentioned in the act All other debts, public,
and private, are within its sweep, And though
loans created by subsequent acts, which stipu-<
lated for coin, would not be within the operas
tion of the legal-tender acts these, prior loans,
which the gentleman so carefully excepts, wpulct
be, if we take the acts, as we are bound to take:
them, according to the judicial interpretation
they nave received.
The question, then, is a somewhat larger on®
than the honorable gentleman seemed to sun-
pose. It is no less than this, whether not only
all the five-twenties but all prior loans shall be
paid in greenbacks? Obviously the interest on
these bonds cannot be so paid, for the act of
1862, in establishing the paper legal.tender,
exprpssly saves interest on Government bopds.
This iteip of interest, being expressly excepted
put of the enacting clause, cannot be paid in,
greenbacks and must be paid in coin. But aa
to the principal of all bonds except those
issued under acts of Congress subsequent to
legal-tender acts, the question is, does the law
authorize the payment of them in greenbacks?
This question touches the $500,000,OOOa^thpr-
ized by the act of 1862 and whatever had been
authorized bv prior acts^ and it must b^ con-
fessed that the phraseology of the act pf 1862
favors the proposition to make them payable
in, greenbacks,- It does not prescribe com for
any debts except interest and duties;, ifc
does make Treasuiy notes legal tenders ii&
payment of "all claims and demands against;
the. United States of every kind whatsoever,"
except for interest on bonds, aqd it declare®
also that they "shall be lawful maueyapd ft.
legal tender inpayment of all debts public fiu4
private within the United States/exoe^dufcie#,
on imports and interest as aforesaid.*'
If Congress had power to make. such au
enactment most certainly the holders qi five?
twenty bonds, and of all previous bonds have
more right to complain that they are paid in
greenbacks than all other private crediiors had,
and their complaints were uuheeded. - Thft
words of the enactment are large and couaprer -
hensive. enough to include these bondholders
and it is impossible to conceive of fny equitjl
they have, above other creditors, ty be'
out of the enactment. The ge^tle^an, from*
Maine J Mr. Blainjs] wa$ at considerable; trou-
ble to. show from our current hietyjy t.fyy. tite,
bonds, were negotiated with the uada^stapding;
that they were to he redeemed in poui ; but it
has been well answered that advertisement*
and circulars issued by the Secretary qf the
Treasury or any of his agents cannot altep the
tenor of the law uppn the faith of which. the
bonds were issued. That law. was open to the
purchaser of the bond?, and it iap$t; hq pre-
sumed he purchased subject to it.
The gentleman frpm QhioslMr. Ca*t] has
discovered, at length, that, the Bondholders did
not buy their bonds upon any high a«4 patri-
otic motive, but simply as a speculation. Then
His no hardship totr^atfchaip asw©.t*«attb$sol'
