3024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10, |
Robs, Saulsbury, Sumner, Thayer, Vickers, Wade,
Wilson, and Yates—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Conkling, Conness, Cor-
botl.Cragiii, Drake, Edmunds,Ferry, Frelinghuysen,
Harlan, Howe. Morrill ol Maine, Morrill of Vormont,
Morton, Nye, Poineroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Stewart,
Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wil-
liams—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Catteil, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessendea, Fowler,Grimes,
Henderson, Johnson, Norton, Patterson of New
Hampshire, and Spraguo—16.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the bill pass? and upon this ques-
tion the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Yates] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I do not feel
inclined to speak to the Senate to-night. I
could not, at this time, be heard with any
pleasure by the members of the Senate or any
satisfaction to myself. As I have before stated,
I have purposely refrained from speaking here-
tofore in order to expedite the passage of this
bill. I have refrained from speaking on the
amendments with the expectation that I should
be heard on the passage of the bill. Of course
I shall not trespass on the time of the Senate
at this hour.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will yield
to me I will move that the Senate adjourn to
meet at ten o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not in order.
The hour of adjournment is fixed by the rule,
and cannot be changed by a simple motion in
this way unless by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks the motion is in order. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Indiana,
that the Senate do now adjourn to meet at ten
o'clock to-morrow morning.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. What I have to say to-day
will be confined to a single topic. I shall
speak of the validity and necessity of .funda-
mental conditions on the admission of States
into the body of the Nation; passing in review
objections founded on the asserted Equality
of States and also founded on a misinterpret-
ation of the power to determine the " quali-
fications" of electors, and that other power to
make "regulations" for the election of cer-
tain officers. Here I shall encounter the fa-
miliar pretensions of another time, no longer
put forth by defiant slave-masters, but retailed
by conscientious Senators, who think they are
supporting the Constitution, when they are
only echoing the voice of slavery.
Fundamental conditions on the admission of
States are older than our Constitution; for they
appear in the Ordinance for the vast territory
of the Northwest, adopted anterior to the
Constitution itself. In that Ordinance there
are various conditions, of perpetual obligation,
as articles of compact. Among these is the
famous prohibition of slavery. In the early
days of our Nation, nobody thought of ques-
tioning the validity of these conditions. Scat-
tered efforts were made to carry slavery into
some portions of this region, and, unquestion-
ably, there were sporadic cases, as in Massa-
chusetts itself; but the Ordinance stood firm
and unimpeached.
One assurance of its authority will be found
in the historic fact that in 1820, on the admis-
sion of Missouri as a State of the Union, there
was a further provision that in all territory
of the United States north of 36° 30' north
latitude, "Slavery and involuntary servitude,
otherwise than in the punishment of crimes,
whereof the parties shall have been duly con-
victed, shall be and hereby is forever, prohib-
ited." This was the famous Missouri com-
promise. Missouri was admitted as a State
without any restriction of slavery, and all the
outlying territory west and north was subjected
to this condition forever. It will be observed
that the condition was in no respect temporary;
but that it was "forever," thus outlasting any
territorial Government and constituting a fund-
amental law, irrepealable through all time.
Surely this condition, perpetual in form, would
not have been introduced had it been sup-
posed to be inoperative—had it been regarded
as a sham and not a reality. This statute,
therefore, testifies to the judgment of Congress
at that time.
It was only at alater day, and at the demand of
slavery, that the validity of the great Ordinance
of Freedom was called in question. Mr. Web-
ster, in his memorable debate with Mr. Hayfie
in 1830, vindicated this measure in language^
worthy of the cause and of himself, giving to
it a palm among the laws by which civilization
has been advanced, and asserting its enduring
character:
"We are accustomed, sir, to praise the lawgivers
of antiquity; we help to perpetuate the fame ol Solon
and Lyeurgus; but I doubt whother one single law
of any lawgiver, ancient or modern, has produced
effects of more distinct, marked, and lasting charac-
ter than tlie ordinance of 1787. It fixed forever the
character of the population in the vast regions north-
west of the Ohio, by excluding from them involun-
tary servitude. Itimpressed on the soil itself, while
it was yet a wilderness, an incapacity to sustain any
other than freemen. It laid the interdict against per-
sonal servitude, in original compact, not only deeper
than all local low, but deeper also than all local consti-
tutiojis."— WebsterV Work*, vol. 3, p. 261.
Words of greater beauty and power cannot
be found anywhere in the writings or speeches
of this orator. It would be difficult to declare
the perpetual character of this original inter-
dict more completely. The language is as
picturesque as truthful. Deeper than all local
law, deeper than all local constitutions, is this
fundamental law ; and such is its essential
quality, that the soil which it protects cannot
sustain any other than freemen. Of such a law
the orator naturally proceeded to say:
" We see its consequences at this moment, and we
shall never cease to see them, perhaps.wliile the Ohio
shall flow. It was a great and salutary measure of
prevention."—Ibid.
In these last words the value of such a law
is declared. It is for prevention, which is an
essential object of all law. In this case it is
the more important, as the evil to be prevented
is the most comprehensive of all.
Therefore, on the authority of Mr. Webster,
in harmony with reason also, do I say, that
this original condition was not only perpetual
in character, but beneficent also. It was benefi-
cence in perpetuity.
Mr. Chase, in his admirable argument be-
fore the Supreme Court of the United States,
in the Van Zandt case, is hardly behind Mr.
Webster in homage to this Ordinance or in a
sense of its binding character. In his opinion
it is a compact of perpetual obligation :
" I know not that history records a sublimcr act.
The United American States, having just brought
their perilous struggle for freedom and independ-
ence to a suceesslul issue, proceeded to declare the
terms and conditions on which theirvacant territory
might be settled and organized into States; and
theso terms were: not tribute, notrender of service,
not subordination of any kind; but the perpetual
maintenance of the genuine principles of American
liberty, declared to be incompatible with slavery; and
that these prineiplesmight be inviolably maintained,
they were made the aiticles of a solemn covenant be-
tween the original States, then the proprietors of the
territory and responsible for its iuture destiny, and
the people and the States who wero to occupy it.
Every settler withm the territory, by the very act of
settlement, became a party to this compact, houml by
its perpetualobliaations, and entitled to the lull bene-
fits of its excellent provisions for himself and his
posterity. No subsequent act of the original States
could affect it, without his consent. No act of his,
nor of the people of the territory, nor of the States estab-
lished within it, could affect it, without the consent of
the original States
According to these words, which I am sure
would not be disowned by the present Chief
Justice of the United States, the Ordinance
is a sublime act, having for its object nothing
less than the perpetual maintenance of the gen-
uine principles of American liberty. In lorm
it is a compact, unalterable except by the con-
sent of the parties, and, therefore, forever.
If anything in our history was settled by
original authority, supported by tradition aud
time, it was the binding character of the
Ordinance for the government of the North-
west Territory. Nobody presumed to call it
in question, until at last Slavery flung down its
challenge to everything that was settled for
Freedom. The great Ordinance, with its pro-
hibition of slavery, was not left unassailed.
All this makes a strange eventful passage of
history. The enlightened civilization of the age
was beginning to be felt against slavery, when its
representatives turned madly round to confront
the angel of light. The madness showed itself
by degrees. Point by point, it made itself
manifest in Congress. The slave-masters for-
jpt morals, history, and the Constitution. Their
^manifold pretensions resolved themselves into
three, in which the others were absorbed;
first, that slavery, instead of an evil to be
removed, was a blessing to be preserved; sec-
ondly, that the right of petition could not be
exercised against slavery ; thirdly, that in all
that concerns slavery State Rights were every-
thing, while National Rights were nothing.
These three pretensions entered into Congress,
like so many devils, and possessed it. The
first broke forth in eulogies of slavery and even
in blandishments for the slave trade. The
second broke forth in the "Atherton gag,"
under which the honest, earnest petitions,
from the national heart, against slavery, even
in the District of Columbia, were tabled with-
out reference, and the great right of petition,
promised by the Constitution, became a dead
letter. The third, beginning with the denial
of the power of the Nation to affix upon new
States the perpetual condition of Human Rights,
broke forth in the denial of the power of the
Nation over slavery in the Territories or any-
where else, even within the national jurisdic-
tion. These three pretensions all had a com-
mon origin, and one was as offensive and
unreasonable as the other. The praise of
slavery and the repudiation of the right of
petition by the enraged slave-masters was not
worse than the pretension of State Rights
against the power of the Nation to prohibit
slavery in the national jurisdiction, or to affix
righteous conditions upon new States.
The first two pretensions have disappeared.
These two devils have been cast out. Nobody
dares to praise slavery ; nobody dares to deny
the right of petition. The third pretension has
disappeared, only so far as it denied the power
of the Nation over slavery in the Territories;
and we are still doomed to hear, in the name
of State Rights, the old cry against conditions
upon new States. This devil is not yet en-
tirely cast out. Pardon me if I insist, upon
putting the national rights over the Territories
and the national rights over new States before
their admission in the same category. These
rights not only go together : but they are one
and the same. They are not merely compan-
ion and cognate ; but they are identical. The
one is necessarily involved in the other. Pro-
hibition in the Territories is prolonged in con-
ditions upon new States. The Ordinance of
1787, which is the great example, asserts the
perpetuity of all its prohibitions ; and this is
the rule alike of law and statesmanship. Vain
were its prohibitions, if they fell dead in pres-
ence of the State government. The pretension
is too irrational. The Missouri act takes up
the rule asserted in the Ordinance, and declares
that, in certain territories, slavery shall be
prohibited forever. A territorial existence,
terminating in a State government is a short-
lived forever. Only by recognizing the power
of the Nation over the States formed out of
the Territory can this forever have a meaning
above the prattle of childhood or the vaunt of
Bombastes.
The whole pretension against the proposed
condition is in the name of State Rights ; but
it cannot be doubted that it may be traced
directly to slavery. Shall the pretension be
allowed to prevail, now that slavery has disap-
peared? The principal has fallen: why pre-
serve the incident? The wrong guarded by
this pretension has yielded; why should not
the pretension yield also? Asserting as I now
do*the validity aud necessity of the proposed
condition, I would not seem indifferent to the
rights of the States in those proper spheres
