4048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
that. I can discover an inflation of the cur-
rency to the amount of forty-five 01; fifty or fifty-
five mil'ions ; and I doubt very much whether
my honorable friend from New Jersey, so can-
did ahvays, and so well instructed on this sub-
ject, will gay that 1 am wrong when I affirm
that the effect of that section is to inflate the
cnrrency forty-five or fifty millions. Why do
1 say that? Men earrying greenbacks to the
Treasury receive bonds, and carrying bonds to
the Treasury they receive greenbacks, and
they continue to receive them until they have
received §400,000,000. Is not that so?
Mr. C ATT ELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my honorable friend
tell me how many greenbacks are afloat now?
Mr. CATTELL. Three hundred and fifty-
six million dollars.
Mr. CONKLING. Three hundred and fifty-
six million dollars: so that there is a pro-
vision specific for an inflation of $44,000,000,
to be adopted by the champions of hard
money and souud prices! It seems to me
that is very extraordinary. If there is any
need of an automatic currency—and, by the by,
1 ought to apologize for the use of that word—
this scheme was conceived, as I understand it,
some time ago, two years ago, I think, at least,
in the State of Massachusetts, by a man who
put out a pamphlet, and several Massachusetts
people who spoke to me about it were fond of
calling it an automatic currency, and I wish to
give credit for that word lest it may be sup-
posed 1 was capable of inventing it myself,
which I was not; if there is any need, I say,
of this automatic currency, it presupposes that
shift from side to side in the market which will
render it desirable or convenient to take back
the greenbacks for the bonds. That you must
presuppose in order to suppose that the scheme
is to nave any substantial working ; and when
you do suppose that, then you at once embrace
not. only the possibility, but the incident ac-
tually to occur, of an increase of the currency
to the amount of $44,000,000.
Again, Mr. President, let us look at the
morals of this in another direction. The whole
country is astir upon the question of taxing
Government securities; and the cause of that
stir and the reason of it perhaps all gentlemen
do not appreciate. I can mention a township
within my knowledge in which nearly all the
m.en of substance and means upon whom the
bulk of taxation used to rest, have exempted
themselves entirely by the purchase of Govern-
ment securities. What sort of a provision is
this in reference to eluding taxes? To-day a
man holds Government bonds for the bulk of
his property, and to-morrow the assessor calls
upon him, and he explains his position and
makes his affidavit; and day after to-morrow
he goes to the Treasury and takes back his
money, for which he deposits a bond, and then
he does not hold any Government securities at
all; and yet, in the meantime he has not been
taxed. Is that a wholesome provision? In
the State of the honorable Senator from Ohio,
I know from one of his colleagues at whose
suggestion I myself reported a bill from the
Ways and Means Committee in the House,
that the exemption, or supposed exemption,
of national bank bills has led to an abuse of
this sort upon a very large scale.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator if
a man cannot do that under the law as it
stands?
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
how?
Mr. SHERMAN. Cannot, he take his money
on the 1st of April, convert it into bonds at the
market price, and the next day after he has
made his return sell his bonds without any loss
or trouble? This does not change the case
at all?
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, that is
ingenious in the Senator; but he knows the
answer to it a great deal better than I, though
I think I know the answer well enough to
explain it.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the answer?
Mr. CONKLING. The answer to it is this:
the man who chooses to take all the chances
of the market can do what the Senator says ;
and if it so happens that at the time it is
fortunate to buy Government securities and
make on them, he is able to do it; if it hap-
pens to be the other way he cannot do it.
That is the answer to it. There are other
answers to it, but that is sufficient. He does
it across all the side winds that blow, all the
other things which go to make up this consid-
eration ; and the honorable Senator under-
stands as well as I do that the avoidance of
taxation in stock operations jvould only be the
dust in the scale, so to speak—a m^,ke-.weight,
and not even a controlling make-weight. JBut
what is this operation ? Here every fraudulent
tax-payer and shirk is indemnified beyond all
question. By an operation perfectly simple,
costing him nothing but the expressage from
his home to the Treasury Department or .the
sub-Treasury, he lays down his greenbacks and
takes up his bonds, and when the occasion has
passed by he lays down his bonds and he .takes
up his greenbacks. I admit that there is forca
in what the Senator says. It might happen at
times that a sharp man could do it now, aud
very likely it is done ; but is that a reason why
we should open another door, make a place
which will be "as wide as a church door and
as deep as a well," which the other is not ?
Now, Mr. President, I have said quite as
much as I intended to say about this matter,
and I leave it with a further suggestion : As I
understand it, saying nothing about the morals
involved, nothing about the expansion of the
currency, nothing about those things which
determine whether it is a wholesome or an
unwholesome operation as introduced now as
an element in our finances, it is a proposal by
which when money is worth nothing, or sub-
stantially nothing, we take it and pay ten per
cent, for the privilege of keeping it, being all
the time forbidden to use it; because the Sen-
ator from New Jersey said with entire candor,
as the bill prc-supposes, that it was not to go
into circulation, but must be held all the time
subject to call. We are the custodians of it,
holding it in a fiduciary capacity, to exchange
back with the owner the moment that he comes.
That is the proposition ; to pay this enormous
percentage for the privilege of being the unpaid
custodians of money which we cannot use while
we hold it.
I do not attach the same importance that
others do to any part of this bill. I have not
the same faith in its financial aspects, or in
some other aspects to which I have heard ref-
erence made ; and if a provision of this sort is
to be embraced in it I shall feel clear in my
conscience and in my judgment in voting
against it until I see reason to face about and
advance again in the direction of expansion,
turning my back upon the resumption of specie
payments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
offeran amendment to the third section before
the vote is taken on the motion to strike out
the section. My amendment is to strike out
all of the section after the word "prescribe,"
in line six, aud to insert in lieu of the words
proposed to be stricken out the words "and
the lawful money so received shall be canceled
and not again reissued;" so that the section
will rea,d :
That tlie holder of any lawful money of the United
States, to the amount of $1,000, or any multiple of
$1.000,may convert the same into bonds for an equal
amount, authorized by the first section of this aet,
under such rules and regulations as the Secretary of
the Treasury may prescribe; and the lawful money
so received shall be canceled and not again reissued.
Mr. President, I have heretofore submitted
my views at length on this subject, upon a bill
containing the main and very similar provis-
ions to this bill, and I shall not weary the Sen-
ate or myself by repeating them again to-night.
I am cordially in favor of the first and second
sections and the last section of the bill, and
trust they will pass. I think they will tend to
settle this financial question on a permanent
basis, and settle it to the advantage of the Gov-
. ernment and to the general welfare of the peo-
ple, by making a very large reduction in the
amount of interest that ,we are called upon to
pay aunually. But the third section, notwith-
standing I have had every disposition in the
world to be in accord with the majority of the
Committee on Finance, I am yet compelled to
regard as a drag upon the bill. _ I believe that
it is an excrescence, and that it is calculated
to defeat the purposes of the pre.vious sections,
and therefore I offer this ameisdment. _ If this
amendment .should prevail the bill will be as
near perfect as it can be, so far as I can com-
prehend it. I trust the Senator from Ohio and
the Senator from Massachusetts, who cite the
section of the l^w of 1862, will recognize-the
value of my proposed amendment-) for if this
amendment should be adopted we shall then
have the precise measure with which those
Senators are so much in love. If their argu-
ments are valid th.ey must accept it.
Mr. President, I cannot regard it either for
the interest of the United States, or of any
sound bank, to receive money and agree to
pay interest thereon and keep it all the time,
earning nothing, in their own strong vaults.
If it is to be paid in let it be canceled. I
know that .Senators may say that it will pro-
duce a stringency if it is canceled. Why, sir,
all that risk is encountered by launching this
section. If there is to be any stringency in
this bill it will be created by the first branch of
the section, whether the last branch is attached
or not, and no bonds will ever be returned to
the Treasury until that stringency occurs.
Then, if we are to encounter all the evils of
the bill, ?vby not place ourselves in a position
to reap the benefits from it? If all are anxious,
as all profess to be, for a return of specie pay-
ments, when we have advanced three steps in
the day time, why shall we, likethe frog in the
well, go back two feet every night? Worse
than the frog, \vliy shall we, after reducing
our legal-tenders to $356,000,000, suddenly
authorize an increase to $400,000,000? Some
Senators think they can discover some ap-
proach to specie .payments in this section. On
the contrary it is a section to perpetuate paper
currency. With such a law in force resump-
tion would nev.er take place.
I agree with the Senator from Ohio in one
respect, that this measure will have a tendency
to equalize the value of bonds and of United
States notes ; but look and s.ee at what an im-
measurable cost. Here are fifteen or sixteen
hundred million dollars now outstanding that
are to be affected by a reduction of values,
and only $356,000,000, as it now stands, or
.$400,00.0,000, if the whole shall be issued, to
be affected by a rise in values. Suppose that
we equalize the value, will it be pretended
that the notes are to be brought up to the value
of seventy-ejght cents from seventy or seventy-
one? That cannot be expected. Then, if the
bonds are to be brought down from seventy-
eight to seventy-one .or seventy, see what a loss
we throw upon the world. Instead of this
being a work of financial wisdom and pro-
priety, it is a work of destruction, in my judg-
ment, of something like one hundred million
dollars of property in the hands of somebody.
The Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
xer,] within my hearing, says he does not
believe it. It must have a tendency to equalize
the value. Where will you fix it ? If you put it
at half way between and say that it raises the
value on $400,000,000 four per cent., and that
it reduces the value on sixteen or seventeen
hundred million dollars four per cent., then
adjust your loss. It must obviously be alosing
operation to somebody.
Mr. FRELINGH.U'YSEN. There is a sug-
gestion which has occurred to me which I
think corresponds with the view just expressed,
and I submit it to the Senator. If the bonds
which are now out were all worth 140, they
would be equal to gold.
Mr. MOItRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
■ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. They are worth
from one hundred and ten to one hundred and
fourteen. Sojustas much as they areabovepar
they approach gold. If these bonds which are
