500
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Marcfr 19,
40th Co^tg. ... 2d Siss.
Laws of the United Slates.
[practicable] said siitn shall be expended in
the employment of persons upon the public
ground's and works in the District of Columbia
for which appropriations have been heretofore
itiade by Congress, such laborers to be under
the directidn of the officer acting as Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings and Grounds.
Approved, March 10, 1868.
Chap. XXV.— An Act to amend the Act passed
March twenty-third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, entitled "An Act supplementary
to 'An Act to provide for the more efficient
Government- of the Rebel States,' passed
March second, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, and to facilitate their Restoration."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That hereafter any elec-
tion authorized by the act passed Max'ch twenty-
three, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, enti-
tled "An act supplementary to 'An act to pro-
vide for the more efficient government of the
rebel States,' passed March two-, [second,]
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, and to facil-
itate their restoration," shall be decided by a
majority of the votes actually cast; and at the
election in which the question of the adoption
or rejection of any constitution is submitted,
any person duly registered in the State may
vole in the election district where he offers to
vote when he has resided therein for ten days
next preceding such election, upon presentation
of his certificate of registration, his affidavit, or
other satisfactory evidence, under such regula-
tions as the district commanders may prescribe.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
constitutional convention of any of the States
mentioned in the acts to which this is amend-
atory may provide that at the time of voting
upon the ratification of the constitution the
registered voters may vote also for members
of the Hou^e of Representatives of the United
States, and for all elective officers provided
for by the said constitution; and the same
election officers who shall make the return of
the votes cast on the ratification or rejection
of the constitution shall enumerate and cer-
tify the votes cast for members of Congress.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Spealcer of the House of Representatives.
B. F. WADE,
President of the Senate.
Indorsed by the President: "Received Feb-
ruary 28, 1808."
[Note by the D-Bpartmext or State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated within
the time prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States, has become a law without his
approval.]
the United States for the western district of
Pennsylvania, in addition to the terms now
held, shall be held at the city of Erie, in said
western district, at the same times now fixed
by law for holding terms of the district court
for said western district of Pennsylvania, at
the city of Erie.
Approved, March 12, 1868.
Chap. XXIX.—An Act to facilitate the Settle-
ment of Paymasters' Accounts.
Be itenactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of tho Treasury be, and they
are hereby, authorized, in the settlement of
accounts of paymasters of the Army, to allow
such credits for over-payments made in good
faith on public account since the commence-
ment of the rebellion, and prior to the passage
of this act, as shall appear to them to be just,
i by such vouchers and testimony as they shall
require.
Approved, March 16, 1868.
Ciiap. XXVF.—An Act to revive an Act to
constitute Hannibal, Missouri, and Peoria,
Illinois, Ports of Delivery.
Be it enacted by the Senate cmd House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America hi
Vongress assembled, That the second section
of the act of the fifth day of April, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-six, entitled "An
act to constitute the cities of Hannibal, Mis-
fmri. and Peoria, Illinois, ports of delivery,"
is hereby revived and declared to be in full
force and effect for the term of two years from
the passage of this act.
Approved, March 12, 1868.
Chap. XXVTL—An Act providing for holding
a Circuit Couri ;>t the City of Erie, Penn-
sylvania.
Be il enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resent a! ices of the United ,States of America in
Congress assembled, That the circuit court of
Chap. XXX.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Support of the Military Academy for
the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-nine.
Be il enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the support of the Mili-
tary Academy for the year ending the thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine.
For additional pay of officers, and for pay
of instructors, cadets, and musicians, one
hundred and eighty-two thousand seven hun-
dred and forty-seven dollars and fifty cents.
For commutation of officers' subsistence,
five thousand eight hundred and three dollars
and fifty cents.
For pay in lieu of clothing to officers' ser-
vants, one hundred and fifty-six dollars.
For current and ordinary expenses, fifty-six
thousand eight hundred and five dollars: Pro-
vided, That tho second section of the act
approved April first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, "making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five," is hereby repealed.
For purchase of books for the library, two
thousand dollars.
For expenses of Board of Visitors, two thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That the second
section of the act approved August eighth,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and forty-seven, be amended
by striking out the first proviso in said section,
and by inserting in lieu thereof the following:
Provided, That the whole number of Visitors
each year shall not exceed seven.
For forage for artillery and cavalry horses,
five thousand dollars.
For horses for artillery and cavalry practice,
four thousand dollars.
For repairs of officers' quarters, five thou-
sand dollars.
For targets and batteries for artillery prac-
tice, one hundred dollars.
For furniture for cadets' hospital, two hun-
dred dollars.
For gas pipes, gasometers, and retorts, six
hundred dollars.
For purchase of fuel for cadets' mess-hall,
three thousand dollars.
For furniture for soldiers' hospital, one hun-
dred dollars.
For breast-high walls of water battery, five
thousand dollars: Provided, That the same
shall complete the work.
For reflooring academic building and Bar-
racks, fifteen hundred doll&fs.
For addition to soldiers' hospital, two thou-
sand dollars. •
For contingencies for the mperiri'tendett of
the Academy, five hundred dollars: Provided',
That no part of the sums appropriated'by the
provisions of this act shall be expended iii
violation of the provisions :of an act entitled
"An act to prescribe an oath of office; aad for
other purposes," approved July second, eight;
een hundred and sixty-tvvo: And provided fur-
ther, That no part of the moneys appropriated
by this act shall be applied to the pay or 'sub-
sistence of any cadet from an^ State declared
to be in rebellion against the Govetnment of
the United States, appointed after the fitst dajf
of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
until such State shall have been returned to
its original relations to the Union.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
B. F. WADE,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Indorsed by the Pubsident : "Received
March 4, 1868."
[Note bythe Department or State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated
within the time prescribed by the Constitution
of the United States, has become a law with-
out his approval. ]
Chap. XXXI.—An Act to facilitate the Pay-
ment of Soldiers' Bounties under Act of
eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of tho
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to employ, for not more than oue
year, fifty additional clerks in the division of
the Second Auditor's office pf the Treasury
Department, to expedite furnishing inform-
ation to the Paymaster General in regard to
soldiers claiming bounty under the provisions
of sections twelve and thirteen of the aet
entitled "An aet making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, and for other purposes,"
approved July twenty-eight, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, giving in all cases preference in
said employment to soldiers and sailors honor-
ably discharged from the service of the United
States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to procure and to pro-
vide adequate and convenient rooms for all
clerlts employed in the examination of the
muster-rolls in said office.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
Assistant Treasurers of the United States in
the cities of New York and San Francisco be,
and they are hereby, directed to pay duplicate
checks, for bounties granted under the said :-
act, upon notice and proof of the loss of the
original check or cheeks, under such regula- i
tions as the Secretary of the Treasury may <
direct. .
Sec. -1. And be it further enacted, That the s
Second Comptroller and Second Auditor are
each hereby authorized to detail one clerk in
his bureau, who may sign all certificates and 1
papers issued under any of the several bounty
acts for such Comptroller and Auditor, and ?
snch signature shall be as valid in all respects
as if signed by the said Comptroller and Aud-
itor, who shall be responsible respectively for
the official acts of said clerks.
Approved. March 19. 18S8.
