1808.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5,01
Laws of the United States.
40ig CONG....2D SISS.
Chap. XXXIV.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act to amend the Judiciary
Act, passed the twenty-fourth of September,
seventeen hundred and eighty-nine."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That final judgments in
any circuit court of the United States in any
civil action against a collector or other officer
of the revenue for any act done by him in the
performance of his official duty, or for the
recovery qf any money exacted by or paid to
him, which shall have been paid into the
Treasury of the United States, may, at the
instance of either party, be reexamined and
reversed or affirmed in the Supreme Court of
the United States, upon writ of error, without
regard to the sum or value in controversy in
such action.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Th^t so
much of the act approved February 5, 1807,
entitled "An act to amend 'An act to estab-
lish the judicial courts of the United States,'
approved September twenty-fourth, seventeen
hundred and eighty-nine," as authorizes an
appeal from the judgment of the circuit court
to the Supreme Court of the United States, or
the exercise of any such jurisdiction by said
Supreme Court on appeals which have been
or may hereafter be taken, be, and the same
is, hereby repealed.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
B. F. WADE,
President of the Senate-
Is the Senate of the United States,
March 26, 1868.
The President of the United States having
returned to the Senate, in which it originated,
the bill entitled "An act to amend an act enti-
tled 'An act to amend the judiciary act, passed
the twenty-fourth of September, seventeen hun-
dred and eighty-nine,"' with his objections
thereto, the Senate proceeded, in pursuance
of the Constitution, to reconsider the same;
and
Resolved, That the said bill do pass, two
thirds of the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: J.W.FORNEY,
Secretary of the Senate.
Ixthe House of Representatives, U. S.,
March 27, 1868.
The House of Representatives having pro-
ceeded, in pursuance of the Constitution, to
reconsider the bill entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled 'An act to amend the judiciary
act, passed the twenty-fourth of September,
seventeen hundred and eighty-nine,' " returned
to the Senate by the President of the United
States, with his objections, and sent by the
Senate to the House of Representatives, with
the message of the President returning the bill:
Resolved, That the bill do pass, two thirds
of the House of Representatives agreeing to
pass the same.
Attest: EDWD. McPHERSON,
Clerk of the H. of R., U. S.
Chap. XXXV.—An Act to establish certain
Post Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following be
established as post roads :
alabama.
From Russellville to Fayette.
From Basbam's Gap, via Jones Chapel and
Crooked creek to Arkadelphia.
From Fayette Court-House, via Hide, Tierce's
Store, Fairview, Waldrop, Jordany,to Elyton.
california.
From Trinity Centre, in Trinity county, via
Summersville, Petersburg, Cecilville, Ceutre-
ville, and Black Bear, to Sawyer's Bar, in
Klamath county.
From Oroville, via La Porte and Gibson-
ville, to Quincey.
From San Juan to Picacho Mines.
From Oroville, via Humbug Valley and Tay-
lorsville, to Susanville.
colorado terbitoey.
From Denver City to Cheyenne.
From Denver City, \ia Littleton, to Colorado
Citv.
From Golden City to Mount Vernon.
From Frankstown, via Running Creek and
Keowa, to Bijou.
FromBoonesville, via Fort Reynolds, Fields,
DoyJes, Bermosville, Saint Marie's, to Badita.
From Fair Play, via Salt Works, Helena,
Cash Creels, and Dayton, to Oro City.
From Sawacho City, via San Luis Valley,
and Puncha Divide, and Arkansas river, to
Canon City.
From Trinidad, via Purgative river, to Vir-
ginia City, in New Mexico.
From Pueblo, via Saint Marie's, to Trinidad.
dakota territory.
From Fort Totten or Devil's Lake to Saint
Joseph's, on the Pembina river.
delaware.
From Frankford, via Andy, to Tunell's
Store.
From Fredonia, via Willow Grove, to Mount
Moriah.
From Wyoming to Hazlettville.
From Mount Pleasant Station, via McDon-
ough's, to Port Penn.
florida.
From Smyrna, via Halifax river and 11a-
tanzes river, to Saint Augustine, Florida.
iowa.
From Monroe to Knoxville.
From Melrose to Centreville.
From Newton, via Monroe, Red Rock, and
Knoxville, to Albia.
From Vinton, via Urbana and Spencer's
Grove, to Quasqueton.
From Sac City to Carroll City.
From Sand Spring, via Golden Prairie, to
Manchester.
From Nashan, via Bradford, Chickasaw,
North Washington, and Busti, to Cresco.
From Worthington, via Sheffield, to Cascade.
From Mitchell, Iowa, via Staceyville, Iowa,
to Adams, Minnesota.
From Sigourney, via Webster, North Eng-
lish, Millersburg, and Genoa Bluff, to Marengo.
From Glidden, via Lake City, to Twin
Lakes.
From Carrollton, via Sac City, Buena V ista,
and Douglass, to Spirit Lake.
From Toledo to Brooklyn.
From Sidney, via Bartlett, to Plum Hollow.
From Agency City to Bladensburg.
From Montezuma to Malcomb.
From Vinton to Buckingham.
From Lyons to Maquoketa.
From Orleans to Wells' Mills.
From Vinton, via Belle Plaine, to Victor.
From Ottumwa to Sigourney.
From Northwood to Austin, in Minnesota.
From Austin to Northwood.
idaho territory.
From Silver City to Oro.
From Boise City, via Salmon City and Lees-
burg, to Virginia City.
From Rocky Bar to Atlanta City.
From Boise City to Malade City.
From Lewiston to Collville.
From Lewiston to Helena, via Deer Lodge.
indiana.
From Crawfordsville, via Sunny Side, Steam
Corners, and Van Doran' s Mill, to PerrysviUe.
From Parkersburg to Cairo.
From Thornton, via Dover, Shannondale,
and Orth, to Mace.
From Ehzaville, via Millwood, to Noblgsville.
From Browastown, via Freetown, Houston,
and Elkins, to Nashville.
From Nashville, via New Belleville, Chris-
tiansburg, Buffalo, Houston, and Freetown, to
Brownstown.
From Bloomfield to Buena Vista.
From Medora, via Clear Spring, Houston,
and Elkinsville, to Nashville.
From Decatur to Monroeville.
From LaClair to Clayton.
From Colburn, via Pyrmont and Prince Wil-
liam's, to Wild Cat.
From Kirk's Cross Roads to King's Corner.
From Mount Carmel to Harrison, in Ohio.
From St. Mary's, via New Goshen, Toronto,
and Quaker Point, to Newport.
From Indianapolis to Gosport, via Moores-
ville and Martinsville.
illinois.
From Iroquois to Leadersville.
From Mattoon to Majority.
From Mason, via Winterwood aud Gibbon's
Store, to Newton.
From Sullivan to Union Store.
From Hutton, via Dione, to Union Centre.
From Perotum, via Park's Mills, to Sadorus.
From Bement, via Mockville and Reuben,
to Areola.
From Sullivan., via Union Prairie, to Areola.
From Decatur, via Mount Zion, Lovington,
and Union Store, to Sullivan. .
From Wenona, via Struter, to Ottawa.
From Auburn, via Wanly, to Alexander.
From Erie, via Kingsbury, to Morrison.
From Winchester, via Exeter and Oxville,
to Naples.
From Dongola to Thebes.
From Roaring Springs, via Linton, to Mur-
ray.
From Rock Island to Galesburg.
From Paris to Oakland.
From Golconda to Metiopolis.
From Hamburgh to St. Louis, in Missouri.
From Pontiac to Chatsworth.
From Clinton, via Nixon, to Monticello.
From Cairo to Vienna.
From Vienna to Harrisburg.
From Harrisburg to Carmi.
From Du Quoin to Benton.
From Albion, via Bone Gap, to West Salem.
From Harrisburg to Elizabethtown.
From Baxton to Chatsworth.
kentucky.
From Louisa, via Wayne and Logan coun-
ties, West Virginia, to mouth of Pond creek,
Pike county, Kentucky.
From Barboursviile to Boston.
From OliveHill, viaEpperhart'sand Blair's
Mills, to West Liberty.
k'ixpas.
From Oswego, via Cherokee City, Centralis
Pleasant View, to Carthage.
From Pleasant Grove to Twin Falls.
From Twin Springs, Kansas, via Brooklyn,
Trading Post, to Butler, Missouri.
From Burlingame, via Onion Creek, Marias
des Cygnes, to Neosho Rapids.
From Cottonwood Falls, via Cedar, Barnes,
and Towanda, to Gates.
From Marion Centre, via Moore's Branch
and Sharp's Creek, to Ellsworth.
From Towanda to mouth of Little Arkansas
river.
From Cottonwood Falls, via Middle Creek,
to Lincolnville and Clear Creek, to Salina.
From Union to Spring Creek.
From Monmouth, via Lewistown, to Oswego.
From Baxter Springs, via Centralis, to
Lewistown.
From Iuka to Jackson. _ .
From Junction Citv, via Quimby, Cams
Creek, Five Creeks, Mulberry, and Elm Creek,
to Lake Sibley.
From Humboldt, via Belmont, Pleasant
Grove, Eureka, Eldorado, Whitewater Junc-
tion, to the mouth of Little AValnut.
