3026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
Without any support in the Constitution its
partisans borrow one of the worst pretensions
;of slavery, and utter it now as it was uttered by
slave-masters. Once more we hear the voice of
slavery, crying out in familiar tones, that condi-
tions cannot be imposed on new States. Alas!
that slavery, which we thought had been slain,
is not entirely dead. Again it stalks into this
Chamber, like the majesty of buried Denmark—
' • In the same figure like the king that's dead''—
and then, like this same ghost, it cries out
" swear," and then again " swearand Sena-
tors pledged to freedom take up the old pre-
tension and swear it anew. For myself, I
insist, not only, that slavery shall be buried out
of sight, but that all its wretched pretensions
hostile to Human Rights shall be buried with it.
The conditions upon new States are of two
classes; first, those that may be required;
secondly, those that must be required.
The first comprehends those conditions,
■which the Nation may consider it advisable to
require, before admitting a new member into
the partnership of government. The Consti-
tution, in positive words, leaves to the Nation
a discretion with regard to the admission of
new States. Thewordsare: " New Statesman
be admitted into the Union," thus plainly rec-
ognizing a latitude under which any conditions
not inconsistent with the Constitution may be
required, as, by a firm on the admission of a
new partner. All this is entirely reasonable ;
but I do not stop to dwell on it, for the con-
dition which I have at heart does not come
under this head.
A fundamental condition in favor of Human
Rights is of that essential character, that it
must be required. Not to require itis toaban-
don a plain duty ; so it seems to me. I speak
with all deference to others, but I cannot see
it otherwise.
• The Constitution declares, that " the United
States shall guarantee to every State in this
Union a republican form of government."
These are grand words, perhaps the grandest
in the Constitution, hardly excepting the Pre-
amble, which is so full of majestic meaning
aiul such a fountain of national life. Kindred
to the Preamble is this supreme obligation
imposed on the United States to guarauty a
republican government. There it is. You can-
not avoid this duty. Called to its performance,
you must supply a practical definition of a
republican government. This again you cannot
avoid. By your oaths, by all the responsibili-
ties of your position, you must say what in
your judgment is a republican government,
and you must so decide as not to discredit our
fathers and not to give an unworthy example
to mankind. Happily the definition is already
of recordin our history. On r lathers gave itto
us, as amid the thunders of Smai, when they
put forth their Declaration of Independence.
There it stands in the very front of our Great
Charter, embodied in two simple self-evident
truths, first, that all men are equal in rights,
and secondly, that all just government is founded
only on the consent of the governed—the two
together making an axiomatic definition which
proves itself. Its truth is like the sua ; blind
is hejwhocannotsee it. And this is the defini-
tion bequeathed as a freehold by our fathers.
1 hough often assailed, oven by Senators, it is
none the less true. So have I read of savages,
who shot their arrows at the sun. Clearly,
then, that is a republican government where ail
have equal rights and participate in the govern-
ment. I know notif anything need be added;
I am sure that nothing can be subtracted.
The Constitution itself sets the example of
imposing conditions upon the States. Posi-
tively it says, no State shall enter into any
treaty, alliance or confederation; no State shall
grant letters of marque or reprisal; no State
shall coin money ; no State shall emit bills of
credit. Again, it says, no State shall, without
the consent of Congress, lay any duty of ton-
nage, or keep troops or ships of war in time
of peace. All these are conditions in the text
of the Constitution, so plain and intellig#6)e as
to require no further elucidation. To repeat
them on the admission of a State would be
superfluous. It is different, however, with that
highest condition of all, that the State shall be
republican. This requires repetition and eluci-
dation, so as to remove all doubt of its appli-
cation, and to vitalize it by declaring what is
meant by a republican government.
Here I might close this argument; but there
are two hostile pretensions which must be
exposed; the_/2m, founded on a false interpret-
ation of " qualifications," being nothing less
than^ the impossible assumption that because
the States may determine the "qualifications"
of electors, therefore they can make color a
criterion of the electoral franchise; and the
second, founded on a false interpretation of the
asserted power of the States "to regulate
suffrage," being nothing less than the impossi-
ble assumption that, under the power to regu-
late suffrage, the rights of a whole race may be
annihilated. These two. pretensions are, of
course, derived fiom slavery. They are hatched
from the eggs that the cuckoo bird has left
behind. Strange that Senators will hatch them.
(1.) By the Constitution it is provided that
" the electors in each State shall have the,qual-
ijications requisite for electors of the most
numerous branch of the State Legislatures."
On this clause Senators build the impossible
pretension that a State cannot be interrupted
in its disfranchisement of a race. Here is the
argument. Because a State may determine the
qualifications of electors, therefore it may de-
prive a whole race of equal rights and of par-
ticipation in the Government. Logically speak-
ing, here are most narrow premises for the
widest possible conclusion. On the mere state-
ment, the absurdity is so unspeakable as to
recall the kindred pretensions of slavery, that,
because commerce is lawful, therefore com-
merce in human flesh is lawful also. If the con-
sequeuces were not so offensive, this "argal"
might be handed over to consort with that of
the Siiakspearean grave-digger. But the argu-
ment is not merely preposterous, it is insulting
to the human understanding, and a blow at
human nature itself. If I use strung language
it is because such a proclamation of tyranuy
requires it. Admitting that the States may
determine the " qualifications " of electors;
what then? Obviously it must be according to
the legitimate meaning of this word. And
here, besides reason and humanity, two inex-
haustible fountains,we have two other sources
of authority; first, the Constitution in which the
word appears, and secondly, the dictionaries of
the English language, out of both of which we
must condemn the intolerable pretension.
The Constitution, where we fiud this word,
follows the Declaration of Independence and
refuses to recognize any distinction of color.
Search and you will confess, that there is no
word of " color" in its text; noris there any-
thing there on which to found any disfranchise-
ment of a race. The "qualifications" of dif-
ferent officers, as President, Vice President,
Senators and Representatives are named ; but
"color "is not among these. The Constitu-
tion, like the Ten Commandments and the
Beatitudes, embraces all alike within its man-
dates and all alike within its promises. There
are none who must not obey it; there can be
none who may not claim its advantages. By
what title do you exclude a race '! The Con-
stitution gives no such title; you can only find
it in yourselves. The fountain is pure ; it is
only out of yourselves that the waters of bit-
terness proceed.
The dictionaries of our language are in har-
mony with the Constitution. Look at "quali-
fications" in Webster or Worcester, the two
best authorities of our time, and you will find
that the word means " fitness "—''ability
"accomplishment"—" the state of being qual-
ified ;" but it does not mean "color!" It
embraces age, residence, character, education
and the payment of taxes—in short, all those
conditions which when honestly administered
are m the nature of regulation, not of disfran-
chisement. The English dictionaries, most used
by the framers of the Constitution, were Bai-
ley and Johnson. According to Baik'y, who
was the earliest, this important word is thus
defined:
(1.) "That which fits any person or ihi;vj for any par-
ticular purpose.
(2.) "A particular faculty, or endowment, or accom-
plishment.''
According to Johnson, who is the highest
authority, it is thus defined:
(1.) " That -which makes any person or thing jit,"
Example.—"It is in the power of the prince to
make piety and virtue become tiio fashion, if he
would make them necessaiy qualifications tor pre-
ferment."— Su>ift.
(2.) "Accomplishment."
Example.—" Good qualifications of mind enable a
magistrate to perform his iluty, and tead to create
public esteem of him."—Attahu.ry.
By these definitions this word means "fit-
ness," or "accomplishment," and, according
to the well-chosen examples from Swift and
Atterbury, it means qui lilies like "piety" and
" virtue," or like " faculties of miud," all of
which are more or less within the leach of
every human being, but it is impossible to ex-
tend this list so as to make " color" a quality.
Absolutely impossible. Coloris a physical con-
dition, afif&ed by the God of nature to a large
portion of tn® human race, and insurmountable
in its character. Age, education, residence,
property, all these are subject to change ; but
the -Ethiopian cannot change his skin. On this
last distinctive circumstance I take my stand.
An insurmountable condition is not a qualifi-
cation but a disfranchisement. Admit that a
State may determine the "qualifications" of
electors, it cannot, under this authority, arbi-
trarily exclude a whole race.
Try this question by examples. Suppose
South Carolina, where the blacks are numerous,
should undertake to exclude the whites from
the polls, on accountof "color;" would you
hesitate to arrest this injustice? You would
insist that such a government sanctioning such
a denial of rights, under whatever pretension,
could not be republican. Suppose another
State should gravely declare, that all with
black eyes should be excluded from the polls;
and still another should gravely declare that
all with black hair should be excluded from the
polls, I am sure that you would find it difficult
to restrain the mingled derision and indiguation
which such a pretension must excite. But this
fable pictures your conduct. All this is now
gravely done by States ; and Senators gravely
insist that such exclusion is proper, in determ-
ining the "qualifications" of electors.
(2) Like unto the pretension founded on a
misinterpretation of •• qualifications" is that
other founded on a misinterpretation of the
asserted power of a State to make " regula-
tions." Listen to this pretension. Assuming
that a State may regulate the elections, without
the intervention of Congress, itis insisted that
it may disfranchise a race. Because a State
may regulate the elective franchise, therefore
itmay destroy it. Surely itis one thing to regu-
late and quite another thing to destroy. The
power to regulate cannot involve any such con-
clusion of tyranny. To any such wretched
result howsoever urged, there is one sufficient
reply, non sequilur.
According to the Constitution, " the times,
places and manner of holding elections for
Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed—each State by the Legislature thereof;
but the Congress may, at any time, by law
make or alter such regulations, except as to
the places of choosing Senators." Here is the
text of this portentous power to blast a race.
In these simple words no such power can be
found, unless theseeker makes the Constitution
a reflection of himself. The times, places and
manner of holding elections are referred to
the States ; nothing more ; and even these may
be altered by Congress. Being matters of
form and convenience only, in the nature of
" police," they are justly included under the
head of "regulations," like the sword and
