2002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
propose that he shall cut off all that are not
needed.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I will go as far
as ray colleague or the gentleman from Illinois
in reducing the expenses of the Government.
I would reduce all those not absolutely neces-
sary for the protection of commerce and for
the protection of the revenue.
Now, sir, ever since this Government was
originally organized this revenue-cutter system
has been in use ; but almost on every occasion
when appropriation has been asked for it. war
has been made upon the system. War has been
made against it annually for the last thirty
years. Heretofore that war has come from
gentlemen from the western States, which have
no foreign commerce to protect; by gentlemen
whose districts did not lie immediately con-
tiguous to the Canadas, and who did not rep-
resent districts lying on the Atlantic sea-board.
But, sir, this is the first time that Representa-
tives from New York, from districts lying upon
the lak'e border for seven hundred or eight
hundred miles, where you can throw a biscuit
from the shores of Michigan and New York to
the English possessions in the Canadas, have
opposed this revenue-cutter system.
The small sum asked to continue this system
is saved almost annually by either one of the
revenue cutters on the lakes, so far as New
York is concerned.
Gentlemen refer to abuses which have grown
up under this systeiji. I am free to admit
there is a great deal of force in what has been
stated by my colleague. The system has been
abused. Collectors and deputy collectors
have used our revenue cutters for summer ex-
cursions, for yachting purposes, in which mem-
bers of the Government and of Congress have
joined. But because the system has been
abused, because the officers in charge have
used these vessels for improper purposes, is
that any reason for their being cut off where
they are absolutely needed ? Why, sir, there is
more smuggling from the Canadas into the
United States, across the waters of Lake On-
tario, Lake Erie, and Lake Michigan, in my
judgment, than would support twenty revenue
departments, so far as the employment of rev-
enue cutters is concerned. 1 know that they
cannot in all cases prevent it; but if, to any
extent, the use of these vessels will save the
revenue to the Government, if they are of any
service on the Atlantic sea-board—and 1 think
no gentleman in his senses can deny'it—I do
hope that neither the proposition to lay them up
in ordinary, as is proposed by the amendment
of my colleague, nor to abolish them altogether,
will prevail. 1 hope the House will hesitate
before it takes that course. I hope before we
do it we may have a report from the Commit-
tee on Commerceorarocommendationfrom the
Secretary of the Treasury on the subject show-
ing the necessity for dispensing with these
vessels.
Mr. WASIIBUKNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. IIui.bukd] says
he desires to test my sincerity in regard to this
as a matter of economy. Now, I suppose lie
heard the reason which I gave why these rev-
enue cutters on the lakes should be laid up, or
rather, as I would prefer, why they should be
sold. It was because they are unnecessary as a
means of protecting the revenues, and because
they are a useless expense to the Government.
And now the gentleman from New York comes
in with a proposition—for what purpose? As
it stands it merely amounts to nothing. It
only gives the Secretary of the Treasury a dis-
cretion which he has already. It neither adds
to or detracts from the power and discretion
which he already has.
But the object of the amendment is to do
away with the revenue cutters. According to
the speech which he made, his desire is to have
all these revenue cutters abolished and he
comes in and asks to have my sincerity tested
on that proposition. Why, sir, there is no
likeness between the two eases. I would be
glad if it were practicable or possible to re-
duce the revenue service. The Committee on
Commerce has that subject already under con-
sideration, and we are endeavoring to devise
some means whereby we may reduce the ex-
penses of the whole revenue service. But let
me tell the gentleman from New York that, in
a consultation at the Treasury Department,
when I complained of these large expenses,
they admitted that they were large and stated
their desire, if possible, to reduce them; but
they said such was the extent of smuggling
going on, such were the means resorted to by
those engaged in smuggling—which is a great
interest in the country, an interest which con-
trols, I may say, hundreds of millions of dol-
lars, an interest which goes through courts and
juries—I would not say it ever goes through
Congress; no, sir;—[laughter]—an interest, I
would not say, that controls New York city—
they said if the revenue was to be protected
against this stupendous interest, instead of re-
ducing the number of revenue cutters we
should give them an adcjjtional number for
certain portions of the country, in order prop-
erly to protect the revenue. I take it there is
no man here who does not desire to see the
revenue protected. 1 take it we desire to see
collected as much revenue as possible from
importations, so as to relieve our constituents
to that extent from internal taxation. I will
go with my friend in reducing the expenses
whenever they can be reduced, and yet protect
the revenue; but I will not go with him to
strike down all the means of protection, and
permit your revenue to be defrauded out of
millions and tens of millions of dollars.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, in relation to this
extra service I wish to say a word. So far as
regards the amendment of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Hulburd] it seems to_ me
that the trouble about the extra service is in
the class of vessels employed. Now, on the
coast we used to have some sailing vessels.
When steam was introduced we had small
steamers. Under Mr. Harrington's adminis
tration of the Treasury Department they were
enlarged, so tiiat we had a lieet of very hand-
some, stately semi-ships of war of about three
hundred and fifty tons burden, of the Mahon-
ing class, costing about one hundred thousand
dollars each. But tliey were of little or no use
on the coast, except occasionally to relieve
vessels in distress in the winter time.
For the purpose of pursuing or detecting
smugglers, as the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Trowbridge] says, they might as well
have floated around the Capitol as on the waters
of the Atlantic.
Now, two years ago, by authority of Con-
gress, these vessels were disposed of par-
tially, and, to my surprise, sailing vessels were
introduced instead; so that now we have a
portion of that fleet remaining. We have some
small steam tugs iu the service, and we have
some small sailing vessels of about two hun-
dred tons burden, introduced within the last
two or three years, to take the place ol those
large steam vessels. 1 have conversed fre-
quently with gentlemen of the marine service
and with collectors of the customs in relation
to the proper disposal of these vessels. The
vessels built under Mr. Hamugtou's adminis-
tration, costing, if I recollect alight, about one
hundred thousand dollais apiece, were sold,
bringing but §20,000 apiece, very much less
than half the cost of the engines. Undoubt-
edly, if these vessels built upon the lakes under
Mr. Harrington's administration—the Sher-
man, the l-'essenden, and other vessels—-were
sold, they would produce about the same sum.
Bat it is evident to my mind, from all the
information that 1 can gather upon the subject,
that it' we would pursue a reasonable course
for the double purpose of protecting the rev-
enue against smugglers and relieving vessels
in distress, we must resort to the same means
that the merchant marine resort to. They,
for the purpose of towing vessels_ and manag-
ing vessels, and, under the direction of insur-
ance companies, relieving merchant vessels in
distress, use a specics of vessels called tug-
boats. These tug-boats are small but very
powerful, having as much power as a vessel of
the Mahoning or Ashuelot class; but, as the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Selye] says,
having only eight or ten men on board—at any
rate, a very limited number—the cost of run-
ning them is very small in comparison. And
if we could pursue a system under some bu-
reau or somebody with continuous authority
that should not change from small tug-boats to
large steam-vessels, and from large steam ves-
sels back to small sailing vessels, but should
institute a prbper revenue marine for the proper
class, we might at the same time benefit the
interests of the Government and take care as
far as is necessary of merchant vessels in dis-
tress.
I have for some time been hoping that un-
der somebody's lead—and I think the Com-
mittee on Commerce is the proper body to
initiate a reform of the kind—this revenue
marine might be placed in a sensible position
with regard to the revenue and with regard to
the merchant service. The British system is
to have a cordon of vessels all around the
island, stationing at leading points naval ves-
sels of some magnitude and then having boats
going from one vessel to another. Our coast
is too extended for that system; but we can
approximate to it and introduce some common
sense into the management of this service
if Congress shall so determine. At present
it costs about one million two hundred thou-
sand dollars a year to support this system,
which is a very considerable sum and worthy
the attention of Congress.
Mr. HULBURD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Maine if he supposes that the
multiplying of revenue cutters on the coast
and in the bay of New York will suppress or
stop smuggling? I ask the question in view
of what fell from the lips of the acting chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Wasiiburne, of Illinois] intimating—although
I can hardly think he meant it—that the mo-
tion I had made was in the interest of smug-
glers, or that I wanted to lay up these cutters
entirely for the purpose of allowing smuggling
to take place. I ask the gentleman how it
happens that with cutter atter cutter in the
bay of New York vessels come in and dis-
charge, as has been done in one instance cer-
tainly within the last six months, before they
come to the wharves and inside of the bay,
fifty odd trunks, with a revenue cutter along-
side knowing that it was taking place and al-
lowing it to go on unchecked and unreported
to the custom-house; and the owner of the
trunks indorses the collector of New York as
an honorable, respectable, honest man! I ask
the gentleman if he supposes that another rev-
enue cutter upon the other side of the vessel
would be any protection against smuggling
under circumstances like that?
Mr. BIKE. 1 cannot say in relation to the
harbor of New York. But I can say in regard
to the harbor of Boston. I notice that a short
time since one of the Boston cutters went down
the harbor and had the high distinction of
bringing Mr. Dickens to the city when he last
did this country the honor to land on its shores.
Mr. CHURCHILL. In reply to what has
been said by my colleague from the city of
New Y'ork [Mr. Wood] I desire to say that I
appreciate, as much as he or any of my col-
leagues on this floor"can, the importance of
furnishing every possible facility to the officer!
of the revenue for the purpose of preventing
illicit trade. Although I assented to allowing
my colleague from the St. Lawrence district
[Mr. Hclbcbd] to offer his amendment, it was
not because I desired to sanction thereby any
measure which would in any way cripple the
efficiency of the revenue service on the ocean.
Mr. H ULBUI'D. I would ask my colleague
[Mr. Churchill] if he supposes I offered that
amendment with any such view?
Mr. CHURCHILL. Not at all.
Mr. HULBUHD. If there is a member on
this floor who has done more than I have tried
to do to prevent smuggling and to increase the
revenues of this Government I would like t<~
