4050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
else's bank stands ; the kind of material that
you require by law we shall keep in our vaults
in order that we may be ready to meet our
debts. Now, you propose not only to take it
away as currency, but you propose to take
away an article which has a higher character
than that of currency, which is the foundation
upon which you permit me to issue four dollars
to one ; for in a bank I may owe four dollars
and keep one as a reserve. I say under this
condition of things you cannot afford to open
a door by which, in easy times when money is
plenty, this money can be funded into the
bonds of the United States and then destroyed,
with Congress all the time sitting here with its
hands clutched upon the currency of the coun-
try and saying it shall not be increased, you
shall only have so much. If we have not got
too much money now, with the growing inter-
ests of our country and its commerce, it will
be too little by and by.
"What is the answer to this argument? I in-
sist upon it the only condition is just this : that
having agreed you will fund this money, hav-
ing agreed you will give the holder what he
deserves, he ought to have your bond for the
money. Prom the very character which you
have given to this monoyand the very position
in which you have p aced it, you are compelled
to take care of the interest of the country and
to provide that if this money shall be needed
for legitimate purposes there shall bo some
method of getting at it. That is all there is in
the whole third section. It is nothing more
and nothing less.
The Senator from New York talks about the
extravagant rate of interest. It is the same rate
of interest that we are offering to other credit-
ors. We would like to fund all our debt at five
per cent, in gold ; and all this talk in the coun-
try about taxation is a thing of the past. All
that was arranged when your laws were made.
All that is a question which I do not think per-
tinent here. I wish to say just in this connec-
tion, however, that, in my opinion, the very
moment this great Government gives up the
right to borrow money and to make it free from
taxation by State authority, it surrenders the
greatest element of its sovereignty, and I do
not believe the Government of the United
Slates will ever consent to it in the world. It
may work evil somewhere, at some time and in
some place; but it is one of the evils that we
cannot avoid. We give up an essential element
of sovereignty when we admit that the States
may tax our bonds ; for if they can tax them
one per cent, they can tax them five per cent.,
and if they can tax them five per cent, they can
tax them fifty per cent.; and what is your credit
good for to borrow money if a State can tax
it ? But that is off the line of my argument.
What I am trying to argue is just this posi-
tion: that we are bound to do something for
the creditors who hold these greenbacks of
ours, and that from the very character which
you have given them ; from the very fact that
you keep your hands clutched upon the cur-
rency of the country, and say to the people of
the United States " Thus much you shall have
and no more;" from the fact that you limit the
banking circulation and prevent the institution
of State banks because your tax on their cir-
culation is so great that State banking institu-
tions cannot under any possibility exist, you
cannot refuse to do this much. Then you ought
to adopt the other principle of the section and
give them an opportunily when necessity re-
quires it, when the business of the country
requires it, and it will not be done at any other
moment. People do not convert an interest-
bearing security into money unless the money
is wanted for the legitimate purposes of the
country. It is not likely to bo done at any
other time.
Another thing: there are great differences
of opinion in regard to how much or how little
we ought to have. You adopt this section and
it will settle that whole question. Whenever
there is a surplus of currency it will be funded.
My friend from Maine will perhaps be gratified
by finding that more than fifty million dollars
in the first year may be funded, and it is very
possible that it may never be drawn at all. We
may issue more national bank circulation ; we
may do something else; we may be in the very
road to fund all this money.
One word in regard to the argument of the
Senator from Maine and of ray colleague in
reference to the reduction in the value of the
bonds. In my judgment, the argument is ut-
terly fallacious. The passage of this bill would
not affect the price of the bonds a solitary
shade per cent, in the European markets where
they are sold for gold, and that is the true test
of this question. To measure these bonds as
to their premium by an India-rubber yard-
stick, which is longer to-day and shorter to-
morrow, which depends for its value exactly
upon the value of gold, is not a fair test to
test this question by at all. The fact is that it
would improve the value of the greenback. It
would elevate that beyond all sort of question.
It is only our home measure by which we are
measuring the value of these bonds. It is not
their actual value in the money of the world,
because it does not change them a single
stiver. They will bring precisely the same
amount of money on the other side of the
water with this clause in the bill as if it were
out, because it only has relation to our cur-
rency, not to gold and silver. It does not
affect them in the slightest degree, and there-
fore I insist that the whole argument is a
fallacy.
Mr. President, as I have said, I have not the
strength, nor do I wish to detain the Senate
with any lengthened argument. I see clearly
that this section, I was going to say this very
much abused section, this section which has
had its share of argument, and had its share
of abuse, this wonderfully-abused section, is
likely to fail in the Senate from the expressions
of opinion which I have heard around me. I
submit to the wisdom of Senators that they
may know better than I do on this subject. I
surrender my judgment cheerfully to theirs;
and if the bill is more agreeable to them after
the section be stricken out, I shall still vote
for the bill; but I think I shall live to see the
day when, on a careful examination of the
section, and its probable influence upon the
currency of the country, and upon the trade
and commerce of the country, it will have a
higher reputation than it has in the Senate of
the United States to-night.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, as the
motion of which I gave noticc, to strike out
the third section, has been anticipated by the
Senator from New York, I desire to express
my views upon it. In my opinion this section
will have a tendency to drag down the price of
United States securities. We desire to keep
those securities at the highest point possible,
that we may reap as much from them as we
can in exporting them to foreign countries.
We must now send the United States bonds
out of the country, or we must send gold or
its equivalent. We are now shipping the gold
out of the country, and, as I stated before to-
day, we have shipped during the past three
months between thirty-eight and thirty-nine
million dollars of gold. We are shipping two
dollars of gold where we are producing one.
The tendency of this bill, iu my opinion, is
to reduce the price of United States bonds.
Possibly it might increase the price of legal
tenders one per cent, where it will reduce the
price of United States bonds five per cent. If
they are to be brought on a par so that they
can be exchangeable, United States bonds
for legal tenders and legal tenders for United
States bonds, they then become tho foot-ball
of every man who chooses to use them as a cir-
culating medium ; and all the smaller denom-
inations will go into regular circulation, and it
will be one of the grandest schemes of expan-
sion that could possibly be adopted. If you
desire to place the finances upon a system that
will secure the greatest expansion and the
greatest difficulty of returning to specie pay-
ments, it seems to. me this is the process.
You directly inflate the currency forty-four
millions, and then you placl them upon a par,
so that the bonds of the United States can be
used in a circulating form. They are both
upon a par, and they circulate equally.
It seems to me that this section^ if adopted,
will work great harm to the stability of the
financial affairs of the country, and will give an
opportunity to speculators to oscillate and to
operate in these bonds, and to create a strin-
gency in the market from time to time, as they
feel disposed to control the market, and you
will distress the poorer classes, because the
poorer classes are not the people who aro
handy to the Treasury of the United States.
Those who are in the interior do not have the
opportunity of exchanging their greenbacks for
United States bonds and United States bonds
for greenbacks. It is the bankers, the men
who are at the money centers, who will have
that opportunity ; and they will take advan-
tage of it as occasion requires and as they see
a speculation presents itself. I hope, therefore,
that this section will be stricken out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I call for a
division.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those who
are in favor of the amendment will rise.
Two Senators rose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
the call for a division. I see it is too warm
to-night for anybody to rise. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment is rejected. The question recurs on the
amendment offered by the Senator from New
York, to strike out the third section of the bill.
Mr. CONNESS, Mr. SUMNER, and others
called for the yeas and nays ; and they were
ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was requested by Mr.
Van Winkle to state that he was paired off on
this question, and also on the bill, with Mr.
Davis, of Kentucky. He would have voted
against the amendment, and Mr. Davis, I
understand, would have voted for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 17 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conklins, Cor-
bett. Drake, Ferry, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen. liar-
Inn, Heudrieks, Howe, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of Now Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy. Rice, and Wilson
-19.
SATS—Messrs. Cattcll, Cole, Conness, Henderson,
Morgan, Nye, Osborn, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Stew-
art. Sumner, Tipton, Wade, Welch, Willey, and
Williams—17.
AB3KN"T—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buekalew,
Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fowler,
Grimes, Howard, McCreery.Morton, Norton. Sauls-
buiy, Kprague, Thayer, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Vickers, Whyte, and Yates—22.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on agreeing to the amendment of
the Committee on Finance, as amended.
The amendment, as amended, wss agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. ITOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (II. R. No.
1073) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1869.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
