1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2003
have him arise in his place and say so. And
I think it is very ungenerous on the part of my
friend from. Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] even
by indirection, to intimate that I have offered
an amendment subject to such a charge.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
made no such charge or insinuation.
Mr. HULBURD. I understood the gentle-
man to say that it was offered in the interest
of smugglers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I said that
such would be the effect of the amendment if
adopted; but I made no charge or insinuation.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I do not" believe there
is a member on this floor who believes that my
colleague from the St. Lawrence district [Mr.
Hulburd] had any such idea in offering his
amendment. In fact, I understood from the
very terms of his amendment that it was in-
tended to leave the Secretary of the Treasury
to judge how far the present revenue service
should remain untouched in order that he may
be able to maintain it in the highest state of
efficiency he may deem necessary.
Now, so far as these revenue cutters upon
the lakes are concerned, I am satisfied from
personal investigation that they are useless for
the purpose of preventing smuggling there. I
have been assured by the commander of one
of those vessels that his vessel was entirely
inadequate for any such purpose, and that he
could not see how he could be useful in pre-
venting smuggling. And within the last week
I have been told by an officer of the revenue,
as familiar with the trade of the lakes as per-
haps any man in Washington, that he had
received a similar assurance from the com-
mander of another of these vessels. And I
have been assured by officers of the revenue
on Lake Ontario that they could not use these
cutters for the purpose of preventing smuggling.
It \vas for this reason that I offered this
amendment in the Committee of the Whole.
But because I believed the trade on the lakes,
great as it is, and growing in importance as it
is, ought to have the protection which would
be furnished by vessels of war upon those
lakes, I am opposed to the utmost to any prop-
osition looking to the sale of these vessels.
I now call the previous question on the amend-
ment.
Mr. BANKS. AVill the gentleman with-
draw the call for the previous question and
yield to me for a few moments?
Mr. CHURCHILL. Certainly.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say that in my
opinion the public service will be injured by
the removal contemplated by the amendment
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hul-
bcrd.] Those vessels furnish one of the chief
means for the prevention of smuggling on a
large scale. For this reason I hope his amend-
ment will not be adopted.
Now, one word in regard to the remark of
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] in
reference to the use of the revenue cutter in
Boston harbor on a particular occasion alluded
to by him. It is the duty of the boarding
officers of the custom-house to board all vessels
coming into the harbor from abroad. The
steamer which brought Mr. Dickens- to this
country was boarded by the boarding officers
of the custom-house of Boston. He took ad-
vantage of the return of the boarding vessel to
come to the city upon her, in order to get
there the sooner. That was the only reason
why he happened to come up on that boat. ^ It
did not go down the bay specially to bring
him up.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I demand the previous
question on the amendment and the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
.main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof Mr. Hulbttrd's amendment to the
amendment of Mr. Churchill was adopted.
On the amendment as amended there were—
ayes 65, noes 26 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Spald-
ing and Churchill were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 72, noes 33.
So the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. PETERS. I now desire to offer an
amendment, if it be in order.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
now the House has had discussion enough. I
call the previous question on the bill and
amendments.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 47, noes 61 ; no
quorum voting.,
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wilsox, of
Iowa, and Mr. Washburxe, of Illinois, were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 40, noes 58.
So the previous question was not seconded.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
On page 9, in line one hundred and ninety-six,
strikeout "twenty-five" and insert in lieu thereof
"seventy-five;" bo that the paragraph will read:
1'orthe construction of appraisers' stores at Phila-
delphia, $75,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On this
amendment I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. YVASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the main question
had been ordered; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe,
Mr. Speaker, I am now entitled to an hour to
close the debate on this proposition.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled
to one hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is always,
Mr. Speaker, and especially when the House
is in the temper which it has exhibited to-day,
an ungracious task to oppose any amendment
proposing an appropriation of money. Theap-
propriationsaddedto this bill in the Committee
of the Whole have been considered of so much
importance that my friend from Iowa [Mr.
Wilson] has paid a compliment to my influ-
ence here which I am certain I do not deserve,
for under his lead the House, contrary to the
universal practice with regard to bills of this
character, has'refused to second the demand
for the previous question upon the whole bill,
fearing that something which I mightsay in
the hour allotted to me by the rules might
induce the House to vote against these public
building appropriations. N ow, my friend from
Iowa ought to have known this House well
enough to know that nothing which I can say
would be likely to prevent these appropriations
from being voted in. And here 1 beg leave to
recall to our friends on this side of the House
that we have vauntingly proclaimed ourselves
the party of economy. Our conventions, State
and county, have everywhere emblazoned
economy as a watchword on our banners, and
we here have been called upon to live up to
our professions before the people.
Mr. RANDALL. You confine your econ-
omy to your preaching; you do not extend it to
your practice.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It does not
extend to the gentleman's practice or the prac-
tice of his friends. I say, Mr. Speaker, we
have resolved as Republicans that we are a
party in favor of economy.
Our constituents have demanded that we
shall exercise the most rigid economy, making
no appropriations for which there is not an
imperative necessity. Now, sir, upon gentle-
men on this side rests the responsibility for our
legislation. Gentlemen on the other side do
not bear the responsibility, and they are con-
sistently and persistently extravagant. But,
sir, I repeat it, we are responsible for the legis-
lation of the country, and we are the majority,
and we must answer to our constituents whether
all our professions shall be proved to be false,
or whether we will in our official capacity here
carry them into practice; whether, in short,
we will—
*' Keep the word of promise to the ear.
And break it to the hope."
Sir, what do we see here? Your committee
has included in this bill certain necessary ap-
propriations for certain public buildings already
commenced. When the bill comes up in the
House what a spectacle do we exhibit. I will
not say in relation to this body that there has
been a "ring" formed here for the purpose of
carrying particular appropriations through.
Mr. O'NEILL. I call the gentleman to
order. I want to know whether gentlemen of
this House who are as conscientious in the
performance of their duty as is the gentleman
from Illinois are to be characterized as form-
ing a "ring"' because they feel it their duty to
vote for the propositions upon which the gen-
tleman is commenting.
The SPE AKERpro tempore, [Mr. Allisou . ]
The Chair rules that the gentleman from
Illinois is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I distinctly
stated I would not charge there was a " ring."
Mr. O'NEILL. You did charge it in so
many words.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir.
Mr.,0'NEILL. If you did not charge it you
said it.
Mr. WASHBURNE], of Illinois. I said I
would not say there was a "ring" formed by
my friend from Pennsylvania and others.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order. I understand the pending question is
on the amendment of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and I make
the point that the debate should be confined to
it, and the gentleman from Illinois should not
be permitted to lecture the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from llliuois must confine himself to the
specific amendment, but he can discuss the
general question of economy, which the Chan-
understands he is now doing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. While I
say I would not charge a " ring" was formed
here, yet it is very much like the "rings"
formed in the Legislature of my own State,
and, I dare say, in the Legislature of the State
of Pennsylvania, from which my friend comes.
Mr. O'NEILL. I hope the gentleman will
confine his remarks to what is occurring here,
and not to what occurs in the State Legislatures.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of'Illinois. I wish to
know whether I am in order or not?
Mr. O'NEILL. 1 ask th« gentleman to let
me put a question to liim, and then I will take
my seat.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
yield.
Mr. ROSS. I object to any imputation upon
the Republican Legislature of Illinois. [Laugh-
ter. j
Mr. GETZ. And I object to any impu-
tation upon the Republican Legislature of
Pennsylvania. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The dis-
tinguished " Knight of the Golden Circle" is
not authorized to speak for the Legislature of
Illinois. [Laughter.] I say this legislation
here is very much like the "rings" in the
State Legislatures.
And let me say here that this " ring legisla-
tion" is becoming the curse of the country.
These combinations of different and distinct
interests for the purpose of forcing legislation
upon subjects grouped together when not one
of them could stand separately is one of the
alarming features of the times, and should be
resolutely confronted by all honest legislators.
It might not be in order to say that this system
exists here in'tliis body, but it is in order to
say, as I have suggested, it exists in our State
Legislatures to an alarming degree. I take it
that it prevails in the State of the gentleman,
[Mr. O'Neill,] the Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania. I say it with shame it has prevailed
in my own State, Illinois. It was by this ring
