820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 18,
be made ot" them when the United States be-
comes ihe paver: "they shallbe receivable in
payment tor nil claims and demands against
the I uited States of every kind whatsoever,
except for interest npon bonds and notes,
which shall be paid in coin." If the act had
said they shall be receivable in payment for all
debts due by the United States, as it does say
all debts due to the United States—and it should
have been so drawn, if the framers of the act
intended it to mean what it is claimed it does
mean—then no question could arise. But t
submit that debts are not claims and demands
until they become due and payable ; that the
five-twenty bonds issued by authority of this
act. are not due and payable, and will not be
until the 1st day of May, 1882; that payment
of them by their holders can neither be claimed
nor demanded ; that they are not in any legal
sense, at this time, claims and demands against
the United States, and that consequently the
Secretary of the Treasury cannot legally tender
to the holders thereof in payment the notes
issued by authority of this act.
There is a third clause in the section which
provides that these notes " shall also be lawful
money aud a legal tender in paymeut of all
debts, public and private, within the United
States, except duties on imports and interest,
as aforesaid." I again submit that the first
clause having provided specifically for all cases
in which these notes shall be received in pay-
ments made to the United States, and the sec- 1
ond clause having provided as specifically for
those cases in which these notes shall be re- j
ceived in payments made by the United States,*
in one case where the United States is the
payee, in the other where the United States is
the payor; the third and last clause must refer ;
to debts within the United States to which the ;
United States is not a party, and the term pub- I
lie as there used must be construed to mean
States, municipalities, corporations, or other
public bodies, and not the United States. And
while States and corporations may legally
tender these notes in payment of all debts of
whatever kind, the United States is precluded '
from so doing by the express terms of the act 1
which limits the use of these notes on the part i
of the United States to that class of debts ;
which are claims and demands. Having thus '
examined in detail the section of the act of Feb- >
ruary 25, 1862, by authority of which the first ;
issue of United States notes was made, and i
having shown, 1 hope, to the satisfaction of the |
committee, that it contains no authority which
would justify the Secretary of the Treasury in 1
tendering at this time to the holders of the five-
twenty bonds those notes in payment thereof,
I turn to the acts authorizing the subsequent
issues of United States note3. \
The act of July 11, 1862, authorizes an ad-
ditional issue of $160,000,000 of United States
notes under the same provisions as to their
issue, the purposes for which they may be used,
and the mode of their redemption as the act of
February 25, 1862, except that this act con-
tains this additional provision:
" That any notes issued under this act may be paid in
coin, at the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury *
instead of being received for certificates of deposit
for which the Secretary of the Treaaary was required
to issue to the holder an txjual amount of bonds of
the United States bearing interest at the rate of six
per cent, per annum, payable semi-annually, and
redeemable at thepleasurcof the United States after
five years and payable twenty years from the date
thereof"—
as provided in the act of February 25, 1862.
The act of July 11, 1862, also gives the addi-
tional power to the Secretary of the Treasury :
"That he may exchange for such notes any bonds
of the United States bearing six per cent, interest,
and redeemable after five and payable in twenty
years, which have boon or may be lawfully issued
under the provisions of any existing act, may reissue
the note." so received in exchange, may receive and
cancel any notes heretofore lawfully issued under
any act of Congress, and in lieu thereof issue an
equal amount in notes such as areauthorized by this
act. and may purchase at rates not exceeding that of
the current market, andcostof purchase not exceed-
ing one eighth of one per cent., any bonds or cer-
tificates of debtof the United States a* he may deem
advisable,''
i he act ot" March 3. !?*• :{. authorizes nn ad-
j ditional issue of $150,000,000 of United States
notes, includingtlie $100,000,000 authorized by
joint resolution of January 17,1803, under sub-
stantially the same provisions recited in pre-
vious acts, except that this act repeals the
provisions of the acts of February 25, 1862,
and July 11,1862, for funding the issues under
those acts, unless they be presented before the
1st day of July, 1863.
These are all the acts providing for the issue
of United States notes as lawful money and a
legal tender for all debts within the United
States, and I have recited their provisions
thus fully in order that it may be clearly seen
what are the powers and duties of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury under these laws. I find
that he may issue and reissue them ; may pay
them in coin if he deems it best to do so ; and
that he may use them in the purchase of any
bonds or certificates of debt of the United
States he may deem advisable at rates not
exceding that of the current market., but
nowhere do 1 find the power given him to use
these notes in the redemption of five-twenty
bonds, the only shape in which those bonds
are presented to him to-day.
I now turn to the acts authorizing the issue
of the bonds, and here one will answer for all.
I quote again from the remarks of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] and
this time I am under the necessity of correct-
ing his statement. He says, referring to the
act of February 25, 1868 :
" Now, what does the second section provide? It
authorized SoOO.OOO.OOOof bonds, registered or coupon,
payable at the option of the United States in five
years, and in twenty years at all event.-."
I am sorry to have to say the second section
does not so provide. It authorizes $500,000,000
of bonds, registered orcoupon, redeemable, not
"payable,''at the pleasure of the United States
in five years, aud payable in twenty years. And !
when he comes to quote from the law he leaves
out that part which, if he had quoted it, would
have been fatal to his whole argument, as show- 1
ing that the bonds are only redeemable, not
payable now. I will not suppose that the gen-
tleman omitted this part of the law intention-
ally, but it seeras a little strange that he does
not use the word redeemable once in his whole
speech, though the word occurs continually in -
the acts in connection with the bonds. And
yet not so strange either, for the word has a
meaning which has no place in his financial
scheme, for it means a repayment of value, or
as Mr. Webster, the lexicographer, has it,— ]
"That may be purchased or paid for in gold and
silver, and brought into the possession of government
or the original promiser."
I regret to see in a published report sent
forth by the Senate of the United States, and
challenging the attention of the country, the
incomplete quotation that these notes "shall be
lawful money and a legal tender in payment of
all debts, public or private," omitting the very
important words "within the United States,"
ana with the word public printed in capital let-
ters, evidently intended to convey the impres-
sion that these notes shall be a legal tender iu 1
payment of all debts due by the United States,
as well as all debts within the United States,
whilethe law does not so read, and, in my judg-
ment, should not be so construed. j
% I desire to make a further reference to this
report in reference to the "redeemable'' feat- :
ure of these bonds. The report says:
" It is clear that if the bonds are ' payable' when
due in legal tenders they aro 'redeemable' after five
y«ars front the date in the same kind of money."
I do not admit the conclusion, as L hare 1
already endeavored to show. All must admit
that except for the express terms of the law !
under which the bonds were issued, the bonds '
under the previous legislation of the country i
would have been payable in gold and silver as m
the only lawful money: but when the bonds j!
become "payable," they are "claims and j!
demands against the United State*," and by Ij
the terms of the law "these notes," that is, the !j
legal-tender notes, "shall be receivable in ij
payment." Bnt until the bonds become " pay- ■:
able." and are "claims and demands." thes«
i notes cannot be tendered in payment and the
bonds must be redeemed, if redeemed at all,
in what was lawful money and a legal tender
under previous statutes of the country. So
that I cannot admit that these bonds, under the
law as it now stands, may be redeemed in the
same kind of money which may be tendered to
the holders in payment when the bonds become
due and payable.
I desire to make another remark in this con-
nection. The law does not say these notes
shall pay a debt, but that "they shall be re-
ceivable in payment," and the Government, as
between its citizens, says in effect to the cred-
itor, you must take the promise of the Govern-
ment to pay, instead of requiring payment of
your debtor; which promise to pay the cred-
itor may hold against the Government, or may
tender in payment in the transactions of busi-
ness; but no payment will absolutely be made
until the Government shall pay these notes in
the money of the commercial world, gold and
silver, or equivalent value. And the same
as between the Government and its citizens,
who present their claims and demands, the
Government says in effect, under the law, you
must take my notes without interest until such
time as they can be paid; for the Government
does not pay a debt by issuing these notes, but
only defers the time of payment, which must
eventually come, or the debt iu effect be repu-
diated.
T now tufti to the examination of another
proposition of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. [Mr. Butler.] He says:
"A dollar greenback as it stands to-day is ono
twenty-five hundred millionth part of the debt of
the United States, secured by a mortgage upon every
dollar of publie or private property in the United
■ States. Is it not that under my theory and anybody
else's theory of finance?
I agree with him that it is such a part of the
debt, but not as he would infer that, it forms
or should form one twenty-five hundred mil-
lionth part of the currency or lawful money of
the United States; and, as I follow his argu-
ment, I am reminded of the banking and cur-
rency scheme of the famous John Law. who
held—
"That land was a better commodity formoncy than
silver, and that the currency of a country might be
increased to the whole value of its hinds; that the
effect of such an increase would bo not depreciation,
but me-ely a lowering of interest, by which trade
would be encouraged and wealth augmented.''
This scheme, earned to its legitimate results,
jnade it the most memorable bank in history,
from its connection with the most extensive
and ruinous scheme of speculation which his-
tory records, and whose crowning finale at the
end of four years, though sustained by the
whole power of the regent of France, who
also undertook in this way. in connection with
Law, to pay off the public debt of the kingdom
of France in paper as gentlemen propose to
pay the public debt of the United States. But
it was soon found impossible to sustain such a
circulation, and the regent, undertaking to
reduce the value one half, the notes at once
ceased to have a circulation, and the govern-
ment, was again compelled to fund a part of
the notes in a loan at two and two and a half
per cent., and a part fell dead in the bands of
their owners. I trust this Congress and the
American people are not disposed to repeat
history after this 'fashion.
There is another view which maybe taken of
this proposition as a question of"public policy.
The great body of the people regard it as
unnecessary and tending strongly toward repu-
diation. I admit that the debtisa heavyburden,
that it is grievous to be borne, but he would be
a bold man who would stand up in his place
and say that the people are unable to bear it,
that this vast nation, with its teeming resources,
is unable or unwilling to pay it, and nothing
but inability should be a valid excuse for men
or nations for not paying their debts. A great
outcry has been raised against the holders of
these bonds, and an effort i« being made to
prejudice publie opinion against them. i hey
are called the '■ hoiid'irr.ivv." a-, it' ihe\ ( i^ht
to rule through tin.- , and the Li^hesl
