3004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
legislation that our last Legislature got through
that series of acts, the new State-house, the
agricultural college, the southern penitentiary,
and perhaps some others, which, if notpromptly
repealed, will entail millions and millions of
public debt on our people, already groaning
under a load of taxation almost too grievous
to be borne. It is this " ring legislation" that
threatens particularly to fasten upon the peo-
ple of our State the new State-house, one of
the most monstrous schemes ever thrust through
a legislative body, aud which has met with
almost universal execration from all parties,
and I trust the people will not only repudiate
the scheme, but the parties who are responsi-
ble for foisting it upon the State. And, sir,
shall we here sanction any such vicious princi-
ple by sustaining combinations, if such exist,
to carry through these appropriations for'differ-
ent localities, for Pennsylvania, for Iowa, for
Wisconsin, and for Illinois ? And though there
are appropriations in this bill for my own
State, for public buildings at Springfield and
Cairo, yet 1 hold myself under no obligations
to vote for the other appropriations in the bill
in order to get through the Illinois appropri-
ations. However much I may desire to gratify
friends in the particular localities interested
by voting those particular amounts, I am com-
pelled by a sense of public duty to put the
Illinois appropriations on the same footing with
those out of the State; .and believing that the
state of the Treasury, the already existing
overwhelming public debt, and the pressure
of taxation upon the people render it inexpe-
dient to make further appropriations than the
bill, as reported, provides. I am against any-
thing further, either in Illinois or elsewhere.
What is the appropriation now before us? I
ask gentlemen on this side of the House to
pause and consider before they Anally act 011
these matters. This application is for $75,000
for appraisers' stores in Philadelphia. That is
the provision of the bill as amended in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The Committee on Appropriations put in
$25,000 as being the largest sum we thought
could be allowed. Now, my distinguished and
popular young friend from Pennsylvania comes
here and asks that the appropriation shall be
increased to $76,000. The country has been
clamoring for your Committee 011 Appropri-
ations to reduce the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, and yet the House votes in these
amendments increasing the appropriations,
and we cannot help it. When we cut them
down you increase them over the estimates
even. I do not propose to object to your
voting them in, and even if I did, it would he
of 110 avail. But I do propose to discharge
my duty to my constituents and the country,
aud there my responsibility ends.
Mr. HOPKINS. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question. As the gentleman has stated
the Committee on Appropriations is entitled
to so much credit, I want to ask him whether
the House has not reduced the appropriations
reported in the bill $1,000,000?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman can find out by looking over the bill.
Mr. HOPKINS. I say they have.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They have
not reduced the amount by cutting down the
appropriation for the Madison custom-house,
but they have added to it.
Now, in regard to the appraisers' stores in
Philadelphia, can the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania assign any good reason for this large
appropriation'?
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a point of order. I
want order preserved so my colleague can be
heard.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman shall hea* me. He has*heard me be-
fore. 1 call upon any gentleman to tell us any
good reason for this appropriation. Now, sir,
I have looked, ,bat looked ia vain 
Mr. O'NEILL. Will the gentleman 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir;
I do not yield.
Mr. O'NEILL. I merely ask to be per-
mitted to explain 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I say I
have looked in vain to find the necessity for
these appraisers' stores. I have looked in
vain to find where the recommendation was
made by competent authority that we should
appropriate any of the people's money for
these stores at Philadelphia. But I find that
at the last Congress $50,000 were voted for
this purpose. I undertake to say it was the
understanding of every man who voted for
that appropriation that $50,000 was the amount
necessary to build these stores. But how does
this matter stand? Why, sir, this is a bill, if
gentlemen feel interest enough in it to look at
it, making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1869. But it seems that
after we made this appropriation last year
another appropriation was deemed necessary,
and the Secretary of the Treasury sent in his
estimate for this building for the next fiscal
year ending June 30,1869. And what was it?
I read it to the committee, and I now read it
to the House. It is in this bill:
For the construction of appraisers' stores at Phila-
delphia, $50,000.
And yet my friend from Philadelphia [Mr.
O'Neill] comes in and asks us to vote $25,000
more, and the House in Committee of the
Whole has done it. The gentleman points mo
to another appropriation which is not asked for
by the Secretary of the Treasury, to go into
this hill. This is a bill for expenses from July,
1808, to July, 1869. As I have before stated,
$25,000 more than the Secretary of the Treas-
ury asked for in this bill has been put in, and
that, too, without our having any plan or any
estimate in regard to the amount necessary to
erect and complete this building, aud with no
information in regard to the necessity of it.
My friend when he was discussing this thing
with that sweet eloquence with which he so often
wins the House, [laughter,] did not deign to
tell us what the necessity was, but he made his
proposition for $25,000 more, and it was agreed
to. He wanted more money, and more money
he must have.
"Fe, fi, fo, fum,
He smelt the blood of an Englishman,
Dead or alive he would have some."
[Laughter.]
Mr. O'NEILL. laskthegentlemantoallow
me to explain. I want him to read fairly and
plainly to the House what was the demand of
the Secretary of the Treasury for these stores
at Philadelphia and then-: 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am going
to deal fairly and squarely. I say that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury asked, by the book
which I have before me, $50,000 for this build-
ing ; and your bill shows that you have put in
$75,000, does it not?
Mr. O'NEILL. As the gentleman now asks
me a question, I think I ought to have the privi-
lege of answering. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
yield. I know what the geutlman refers to. I
know there is an estimate on page -1 very near
the bottom for $25,000 to come into another
bill for an amount to be expended before that
time. But for this bill I say the record bears
me out that the Secretary of the Treasury asked
for only $50,000, but without any regard to
that, aud without any knowledge on the sub-
ject we have added §25,000. It does not say
it is not for finishing these appraisers' stores.
But the question which we are to meet here is
whether the House will permit these things to
go through in this way; these appropriations
to go in without any examination or recom-
mendation, without any necessity established,
and go on and on, adding and still adding to
the expenditures of the Government and bur-
dens of our constituents. Now, I say that the
Appropriation Committee has inserted an ap-
propriation which is as large as you can make
if we are to practice any econdmy and are to
pretend to keep down our expenditures. Why,
sir, it was but the other day when you took off
yourinternal taxes to theamountoff>75,000,000,,
and that very -day you voted $500,000 for a
building lot at Boston, and $75,000 for an
assay office in Idaho. Now, I ask my friends
how they expect to stand up under these things,
reducing your taxes but increasing your appro-
priations? Your revenues will not'be enough
to meet your expenses. The country will'be
bankrupted, dishonored, disgraced, ifou can-
not pay your debts. And when the Appropria-
tion Committee come here and try to keep down
the expenses they are met and assailed on every
side, so that a.stranger looking down from the
galtery when these appropriation bills are being
considered would be almost led to believe that
the Committee on Appropriations, who are
devoting themselves with all their energies to
keep down the expenditures and lessen the
taxation of the people, are but a band of rob-
bers trying to break into the Treasury. Instead
of being supported by our friends in our efforts
for economy and retrenchment, we have but
one continued struggle in attempting to keep
out of our bills the vast sums attempted to be
incorporated in them.
But, Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to speak
longer to this item. I have said thus much in
accordance with my convictions of duty as the
representative of the committee reporting the
bill. It would be a far more pleasant task to
acquiesce in all the vast and countless appro-
priations which are sought than to stand up
here and resist them. But, sir, where is the
country to land and what is to be our condition
if all these things are permitted to go through ?
Let me tell gentlemen, let me tell members of
the Republican party, because I want to speak
a word for that party as a party of progress, of
justice, patriotism, and humanity, a party to
which I have been attached during its life, and
have given it my best energies, and whose for-
tunes I have followed alike when victory has
flashed from its standards and when defeat and
disaster have hung upon its heels ; I say let me
tell you, my Republican friends, as I love that
party and would see it great and glorious, its
principles triumphant, and its success assured,
beware that you do not destroy the confidence
of the people in it by your extravagant and un-
called for appropriations of the people's money.
I repeat it, sir, we, as the Republican party,
are responsible to the country for the legisla-
tion of this Congress, and the country will hold
us to that responsibility. We have come into
power upon promises of economy and retrench-
ment, and let as not forfeit the pledges we have
given to the country and our constituents.
Eor one I intend to keep my faith with my
constituents. That is all I propose to say on
this item.
Mr. O'NEILL. Will the gentleman allow
me live or ten minutes?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. "Not a
man nor a dollar." [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No further
debate is in order.
The question was put on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 42, noes 35 ; 110 quorum
voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. O'NEILL. I wish to say to the House
that this amendment passed the Committee of
the Whole by a very large majority.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No debate
is in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 45, nays 03, not voting
81; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Anderson, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Banks, JBromwell, Broomail, Burr, Churchill,
Cullom, Dodge, Donnelly, Gravely, liaight, Iliffby,
Hopkins, Richard D. Hubbard, Jeuekes, J mid, Kel-
ley, Loan, Logan, Mallory, Maynard, Miller, Myers,
Newcomb, O'A'eiU, Pomcroy, Price, Randall, Ilaum,
Itobertson, Sawyer, Seoiield, Sitsvcaves, Tatfo, Tay-
lor, Thomas, Twiehell, Van Auken. Robert T. Van
Horn, Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson, and
W ood—45.
NAYS—Mossrs. Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Barnes,
