504
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30-
40th Cox<j. ... 2d Sh&s.
Laws of the United States.
tTie proper Department, before signing a war-
rant, for any balance certified to him by a
Comptroller, ina^-saburit to such Comptroller
any facts in ISs judgment affecting the cor-
rectness, of such balance, but the decision'of
the Comptroller thereon shall be final and
conclusive as hereinbefore provided.
• A^i'royeit, March SO, 1868.
Chap. XXXVII.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Service of the Post Office De-
partment daring the fiseal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated for
the service of the Post Office Department for
the year ending June'thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-nine, out of any moneys in the
Treasury arising from the revenues of the said
Department, in conformity to the act of the
second of July, eighteen hundred and thirty-
six :
For inland mail transportation, including
"pay of route agents, postal clerks, and mail
messengers, ten million five hundred and
twenty-six thousand dollars.
For foreign mail transportation, four hun-
dred and twenty thousand dollars, under the
act approved March third, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, entitled "An act relating to the
postal laws."
For ship, steamboat, and way letters, eight
thousand dollars.
For compensation to postmasters, four mil
lion two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For clerks for post offices, two million dol-
lars.
For payments to letter-carriers, seven hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
For wrapping, paper, seventy thousand dol-
lars.
For twine, fifteen thousand dollars.
For letter balances, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For compensation to blank agents and assist-
ants, eight thousand five hundred dollars.
For office furniture, three thousand dollars.
For advertising, fifty thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That no part of this sum shall be paid
to any papers published in the District of Co-
lumbia except for advertising mail routes in
Virginia and Maryland.
For postage stamps and stamped envelopes,
four hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For mail depredations and special agents,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For mail bags and mail-bag catchers, one
hundred and fifteen thousand dollars.
For mail locks, keys, and stamps, thirty
thousand dollars.
For payment of balances to foreign coun-
tries, three hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous payments, including al-
lowances to postmasters for rent, light, fuel,
fixtures, stationerj', envelopes, and so forth,
three hundred and seventy-five thousand dol-
lars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
following sums, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, be, and the same are hereby, appro-
priated for the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated :
For steamship service between San Fran-
cisco, Japan, and China, five hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For steamship service between the United
States and Brazil, one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For steamship service between San Fran-
cisco «ud the Sandwich Islands, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
For preparing and publishing post-route
maps, twenty thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. -And be it further Enacted, That if
the revenues of the Poet Office Department
shall be insufficient to meet the appropriations
of this act, then the sum of eight hundred
thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated, to be paid out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to supply
deficiencies in the revenue of the Post Office
Department for the year ending thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine.
Approved, March 30, 1808.
Chap. XXXVIII.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Consular and Diplomatic Ex-
penses of the Government forthe year ending
thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty -
nine, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the objects hereafter ex-
pressed, for the fiscal year ending the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
namely :
For salaries of envoys extraordinary, minis-
ters, and commissioners of the United States at
Great Britain, France, Russia, Prussia, Spain,
Austria, Brazil, republic of Mexico, China,
Italy, Chili, Peru, Portugal, Switzerland, Bel-
gium, Holland, Denmark, Sweden, Turkey,
Greece, Ecuador, United States of Colombia,
Bolivia, Venezuela, Guatemala, Nicaragua,
Sandwich Islands, Costa Rica, Honduras, Ar-
gentine Confederation, Paraguay, Japan, and
Salvador, three hundred and one thousand
dollars.
For salaries of secretaries of legation, as
follows:
At London and Paris, two thousand six hun-
dred and twenty-five dollars each.
At St. Petersburg, Madrid, Berlin, Florence,
Vienna, and Mexico, eighteen hundred dollars
each.
For salaries of assistant secretaries of lega-
tion at London and Paris, three thousand
dollars.
For salary of the interpreter to the legation
to China, five thousand dollars.
For salary of the secretary of legation to
Turkey, acting as interpreter, three thousand
dollars.
For salary of the interpreter to the legation
to Japan, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad, thirty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of foreign inter-
course, thirty thousand dollars: Provided,
That this sum shall be expended for purposes
of foreign intei course only.
Forexpensesof the consulatesin the Turkish
dominions, namely : interpreters, guards, and
other expenses of the consulates at Constanti-
nople, Smyrna, Candia, Alexandria, and Bei-
rut, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For the relief and protection of American
seamen in foreign countries, per acts of February
eighteen, [twenty-eight,] eighteen hundred and
three, and February twenty-eight, eighteen hun-
dred and eleven, two hundred thousand dollars.
For expenses which may be incurred in
acknowledging the services of the masters and
crew[s] of foreign vessels in rescuing citizens
of the United States from shipwreck, five
thousand dollars.
For the purchase of blank books, stationery,
book-cases, arms of the United States, seals,
presses, and flags, and for the payment of
postages, and miscellaneous expenses of the
consuls of the United States, including loss by
exchange, thirty thousand dollars.
For office rent for those consuls general,
consuls, and commercial agents who are not
allowed 1o trade, including loss by exchange
thereon, forty-live thousand dollars.
For salaries of consuls general, consuls, com-
mercial iigetits, and thirteen consular telerKS^
namely:
- i. cossttx.al'bs gkkerai,. ''
Schedule
Alexandria, Calcutta, Constantinople, Frank-
fort-on-the- Main, Havana, Montreal,Shanghai.
ii. cttnsbt.ates.
Schedule- B.
Acapulco, Aix-la-Chapelle, Algiers, Amoy,
Amsterdam, Antwerp, Aspinwall, Bankok,
Basle, Belfast, Beirut, Buenos Ayres, Bor-
deaux, Bremen, Brindisi, Boulogne, Barce-
lona, Cadiz, Callao, C'audia, .Canton, Chem-
nitz, Chin tiang, Clifton, Coaticook, Cork,
Demarara, [Demerara,] Dundee, Elsinore,
Fort Erie, Foo Choo, Funehal, Geneva, Genoa^
Gibraltar, Glasgow, Goderieh, Halifax, Ham-
burg, Havre, Honolulu, Hong-Kong, Hankow,
Jerusalem, Kanagawa, Kingston, (Jamaica,)
Kingvtonm Cana,da, LaRochelle,Laguayri,La-
haina, Leeds, Leghorn, Leipsic, Lisbon, Liver-
pool, London, Lyons, Malaga, Malta. Man-
chester, Matanzas, Marseilles, Mauritius, Mel-
bourne, Messina, Moscow, Munich, Nagasaki,
Naples, Nassau, (West Indies, )Newcastle, Nice,
Nantes, Odessa, Oporto, Palermo, Panama,
Paris, Pernambuco,Pictou, Ponce, Port Mahon,
Prescott, Prince Edward Island, Quebec,
Revel, Rio de Janeiro, Rotterdam, San Joan
del Sur, San Juan, (Porto Rico,) Saint John,
(Canada East,) Santiago de Cuba, Port Sanaa,
Rome, Singapore, Smyrna, Southampton, Saint
John,(Newfoundland,) Saint Petersburg,Saint
Pierre, (Martinique,) Saint Thomas, Stutt-
gardt, Swatow, Saint Helena, Tampico, Tan-
gier, Toronto, Trieste, Trinidad de Cuba, Tri-
poli, Tunis, Turk's Island, Valparaiso, Vera
Cruz, Vienna, Windsor, Zurich.
iii. commercial agencies.
Schedule B.
Balize, (Honduras,) Madagascar, San Juan
del Norte, Saint Domingo.
iv. consulates.
Schedule C.
Aux Cayes, Bahia, Batavia, Bay of Islands,
Cape Haytien, Cape Town, Garthagena, Cey-
lon, Cobija, Cyprus, Falkland Islands, Fayal,
Guayaquil, Guaymas, Lanthala, Maranham,
Matamoras, Mexico, Montevideo,Omoa,Payta,
Para, Paso del Norte, Pirasus, Rio Grande,
Sabanilla, Saint Catharine, Santa Cruz, (West
Indies,) Santiago, (Cape Verde,) Spezzia, Stet-
tin, Tabasco, Tahita, [Tahiti,] Talcahuano,
Tumbez, Venice, Zanzibar.
v. commercial agencies.
Schedule C.
Amoor River, Apia, Gaboon, Saint Paul de
Loando, [Loanda,] including loss by exchange
thereon, four hundred thousand dollars, and
the salary of the consul at Guaymas shall be
one thousand dollars per annum : Provided,
That all moneys received for fees at any vice
consulates or consular agencies of the United
States, beyond the sum of one thousand dol-
lars in any one year, and all moneys received
by any consul or consul general from consular
agencies or vice consulates in excess of one
thousand dollars in the aggregate from all
such agencies or vice consulates, shall be ac-
counted for and paid into the Treasury of the
United States, and no greater sum than five
hundred dollars shall be allowed for the
expenses of any vice consulate or consular
agency for any one year: Provided, That here-
afterthe compensation of consuls whose annual
salaries do not, under existing law, exceed one
thousand five hundred dollars, and the fees
collected at the consulates where they are
located and paid into the Treasury of the
United States amount to three thousand dol-
lars, shall be two thousand dollars per annum.
For interpreters to the consulates in China,
