1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
all those expectations which gentlemen indulge
of ruling this country by colored suffrage will
be utterly vain and fruitless. The States that
stood by the Government of the United States
■when the war broke out, and stood by it
through the war, and now bold power in the
Congress of the United States have the moral
as well as the legal right to determine the result
of the presidential election of 1868, and it will
not be possible to supplement or overrule their
judgment by these vicious organizations at-
tempted to be set up in the South by your
reconstruction laws against the will of those
who comprise the intelligence of those States,
and hold in their hands the property of those
States.
I think, sir—and with this point I will con-
clude—if I were to go from my own position
and place myself in yours, that the wisest thing
that could be done by Congress, taking into
account the existing situation of onr country
and the present posture of our public affairs,
would be to make provision for the temporary
preservation of orderin the States of the South
during the present year, and to hold the pres-
idential election without reference to them, in
the States represented in Congress, and in
those States only. We would thus avoid an
imrtiense amount of expense, a great amount
of excitement and disturbance and scandal in
the country, and possibly much of evil in the
future.
We know that the old State organizations
set up by the people themselves disappeared
after the war. They were replaced by State
governments set up on the invitation of the
President of the United States. Those Con-
gress refused to acknowledge, and they have
gone aside; they have almost disappeared
from the scene. Now, Congress by its law,
by an exercise of its authority alone, in hos-
tility to that of the President of the United
States, in hostility to the opinions of a large
part of the people of the represented States,
and in contempt of the rights, opinions, inter-
ests, and passions of a large portion of our
own race in the southern States, is attempting
to set up a system of governments of its own.
These are all to be congressional States. Do
we not know that the Arkansas constitution
will stand, if at all, upon the law of Congress,
having been rejected at home ? Do we not
know that you put in this bill the State of
Alabama as a congressional State after the
constitution had been rejected under the law
in that State? And do we not know that the
constitution of every one of these other States
stands for its validity upon the legislation of
Congress, enfranchising the one race and dis-
franchising the other? Do you expect the
people of the country to accept this system,
and not merely to accept it for the time being
as a thing not to be helped, but to accept it as
the controlling element of political power in
the Government of the United States? There
is the point. These laws are pressed in the
particular form which they assume because it
is sought to obtain an element of political
power from the States of the South, which
shall subserve the interests of party and enable
you to maintain control of this Government m
the future.
I know that my opinions and advice are
likely to go for little in influencing the result
upon tins bill; but I must repeat that if I were
standing m the situation in which the majority
in Congress stand, if I held the position which
they hold, instead of attempting to rush these
States into the presidential election with all the
evils and mischiefs that will be attendantupon
such a policy, having already delayed tlieir
reorganization and their reentrance into the
two Houses of Congress, I would postpone their
rehabilitation until the elections of the present
year had been held in the adhering States.
Mr. President, I regret that 1 have detained
the Senate so long at this late hour. 1 had no
intention of speaking at length. 1 regret, also,
that under the circumstances I am not able and
that it would be ungracious to proceed and state
the whole argument which ought to bo made
against this bill before it passes into an enact-
ment. I have said thus much in response to
the Senator from Massachusetts and in regard
to the policy of this scheme of legislation,
because I thought that some-answer to his
remarks, and some further words of hostility to
the bill, would be timely and proper notwith-
standing the lateness of the hour and the im-
patience of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of "Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I desire to occupy the attention of the Sen-
ate for but a single moment inconsequence of
the speech of the Senator from Massachusetts.
With the fore part of that speech, in relation
to the ordinance of 1787, and with all the
encomiums that he passed upon it, and quoted
from Daniel Webster, Chase, and others, I
cordially agree. With his definition of qualifi-
cations and regulations, and the sentiments he
uttered on these subjects, I cordially agree.
But when the Senator announced that he had
got some new matter, never before presented,
I listened with interest, as I always do to what-
ever he has to say ; and I was a little surprised
to find that it was one of the slogan cries of a
former Democratic member of the House of
Representatives from Ohio.
Mr. SUMNER. Who was it, pray?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yallandig-
ham. [Laughter.] Its whole tendency was
to raise a prejudice against the equality of rep-
resentation here in the Senate. Now, Mr.
President, I have always supposed that this
Government was a Government of checks and
balances. If the Senator had referred to the
same illustrious personage from whom he quoted
in commendation of the ordinance of 1787—
Mr. Webster—I think he would have discovered
that this Government was not considered by
that high authority a pure democracy, but a
representative Government, and a Government
of checks and balances. Sir, that very feature,
which I am sorry to say has received from the
Senator from Massachusetts a blow this night,
by calling attention to its injustice, has always
been regarded as one of the most admirable
features in our Government. If it were pos-
sible for other nations to copy our Govern-
ment in this respect, there is no question that
we would have proved more of a model Gov-
ernment in fact than we are at the present
time. All publicists that I have read on the
subject have so intimated. Take France, or
England, or any of the continental nations; it
is the utter impossibility of their having a body
like this, based in any respect upon independent
States as a check and balance upon the pop-
ular branch of the Government, that prevents
the spread of American republicanism there at
this dav.
Sir, this cry that there is some injustice in
having unequal representation on the part of
the States would bring us to the position that
we should occupy if we had but one represent-
ative body. In my opinion, it may fairly be
regarded as the very safeguard of the Repub-
lic—security for its lasting perpetuity—that we
have this body and that we have equal repre-
sentation in the Senate.
The Senator quoted from the Constitution
that this equal representation of the States in
the Senate might be changed by the consent
of the States themselves. I will not charac-
terize that argument. I do not see its strength.
Is it to he supposed that that provision is
likely to he construed into a permission to
change it? You might as well expect to get
the permission of a man that you should hang
him as to expect that the States themselves
will surrender any such provision as that. It
lias always been regarded as a permanent,
immovable, fixed provision of the Constitu-
tion. Without It the Union could not have
been established, and it is as much for the
benefit of large States as small. No states-
man, no commentator on the Constitution that
I have ever seen has ever regarded it differ-
ently. But, sir, at this Islt.e hour I do not
desire to detain the Senate.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bify upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to state tliat I
was requested by the Senator from Kentucky^
[Mr. Davis] to announce that he had paiptfd
olf witfi the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.<MoK-
ton.] *lhe Senator from Kentucky, if j5¥esent,
would vote against the bill and the Senator
from Indiana for it.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I desire to state that
I have paired off withthe Senator from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Hendricks.] who, if present, would
vote against the bill, while I would vote in
favor of it.
Mr. RAMSEY. My colleague [Mr. Norton]
is confined to his room by sickness, and he
desired me to say so to the Senate iu explana-
tion of his absence.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Saulsbury] and myself agreed to pair
off on this subject. If he were here he would
vote against the bill and I for it.
The question being taken by yeas and naysf
resulted—yeas 31, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler, Cole.
Conkling. Conness, Cragin, Drake, Ferry, Ifreling-
huysen, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pomeroy, Kamsey. Ross, Sherman, Stew-
art, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—31.
NAY S—M essrs. Bayard. Buckalew, MeCrccry, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, and Viekers—5.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Corbett, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Edmunds, Pessenden, Fowler, Grimes,
Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, Morton, -Norton,
Saulsbury, Sprague, Van Winkle, and Willey—18.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The title of the_ bill
should now be amended by inserting Florida.
The title of the bill was amended to read,
"A bill to admit the States of North Carolina,
South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama,
and Florida to representation in Congress."
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I move that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration
of Senate bill No. 11, being a bill to admit the
State of Colorado into the Union.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Juns 10,18C8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. Leon Pilatte, of Nice, France.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
increased duties on imports.
Mr. MOORHEAD, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee of Ways and Means,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1211) to increase
the revenue from duties on imports and tend
to equalize exports and imports; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
committed ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
govbkxmest building at pittsburg.
Mr. MOORHEAD also, by unanimous con-
sent, offered the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House the condition or the
Government building used at Pittsburg for custom-
house, post office. United States court-room, pension
office, Ohio river improvement office, steamboat
inspector's office, &c., aod its adaptability ior all
these purposes, and make such suggestions and rec-
ommendations as he deems proper and as the public
service may require.
REMOVAL Of DISABILITIES.
Mr. PAINB. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, to whom were re-
ferred two several petitions for the relief ot
