1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2007
for the establishment of a mail route, and fora
post office at Uniontown, in said county.
By Mr. MUNGEN: A memorial of the
agents of the Choctaw Indians, asking that the
eastern boundary line of the Choctaw territory
be run and established in accordance with
treaty stipulations already existing.
By Mr. O'NEILL: Resolutions of the Ex-
ecutive Committee of the National Club of
Philadelphia, commending the course of the
House of Representatives upon the impeach-
ment of the President, and expressing the
hope that the Senate will proceed with the
trial without unnecessary delay.
By Mr. PHELPS: A memorial of the Balti-
more and Cuba Smelting and Mining Com-
pany and others, praying the passage of a law
allowing a certain drawback upon foreign cop-
per ores used as admixtures with native ores
in the manufacture of copper.
Also, a memorial of Charles D. De Ford
and others, citizens of Baltimore, manufacturers
and dealers in cigars, against the passage of
the bill to affix a stamp upon each cigar.
Also, a memorial of 150 Union soldiers of
Maryland, against the passage of the bill to pre-
vent payment of bounties to soldiers unjustly
chargcd with desertion.
By Mr. PLANTS: The petition of Jesse
Baldwin, for the resumption of specie pay-
ments by the national banks.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 20, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
COLORED PERSONS IN DELAWARE.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
colored citizens of Sussex county, Delaware,
in which they ask Congress to enact such laws
as shall secure to them the rights that in jus-
tice pertain to them as American citizens, and
they say that at this time in Delaware they are
deprived of those rights. I also present a
similar petition from Odessa, in Delaware;
another from Newcastle, Delaware; another
from Newark, Delaware; and another from
Camden, Delaware. All of these are from
colored citizens. I ask their reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They will
be so referred.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I object to the refer-
ence for the purpose of making a remark.
When similar petitions were presented yester-
day as coming from my State I observed that
one of them was from the town in which I
lived. I did not see the petitions before they
were referred; but after the reference I in-
spected them. They are printed petitions,
stating no special grievance. So far as the
negroes in the town in which I live are con-
cerned, there is not one of them who ever
signed the petition purporting to come from
there. The signatures are all in the hand-
writing of one individual,^ as can be seen by
inspection. I also examined the other peti-
tions presented from that State yesterday morn-
ing. I find that the signatures to the petition
from the town of Milford, eight miles from
which I live, arc all in one handwriting; and
no person, I venture to say, whose name pur-
ports to be attached to that petition ever signed
it. So also of the petitions presented yesterday
from Georgetown; the signatures are all in the
handwriting of one person, and those from the
town of Milford in the handwriting of another
person, and those from the town of Laurel in
the handwriting of another person; but thesig-
natures on each are in the same handwriting.
There is no negro, I venture to say, who sub-
scribed his name to the jiaper or made his
mark, and there is no certificate by any person
that he signed the negro's name at the negro's
instance and request.
Mr. President, I happen to know something
about this population among whom I live. It
is strange, if the whole colored population of
the State of Delaware is aroused to the enor-
mity of oppression under which they live,
that we, who reside among them, and who have
daily communication with our homes, should
not have heard something of it. The truth of
the matter I suspect to be this, and the fact
so appears, that'those petitions are short,
printed petitions, and some persons, perhaps
in my own State, but no native Delawareans,
I trust, have got a list of the names of all the
negroes at the different post offices in the State
and have attached their names to the petitions
and forwarded them here for presentation to
the Senate. I object, therefore, to the refer-
ence of these petitions to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, unless we have some authority, some
assurance, that the papers purporting to be
petitions are bona fide papers, and have been
subscribed by the persons whose names pur-
port to be attached to them. If I had tnem
in my hand I would exhibit to the Senate the
petitions in proof of what I say. I will add,
however, an amendment to the motion to refer
tliem to the Judiciary Committee, that the
committee be instructed to inquire into the
genuineness of the signatures to the petitions.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to that
motion of the Senator.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then I have no objec-
tion to the reference.
Mr. SUMNER. But I would say that I re-
ceived the petitions in due course of mail, as
I am in the habit of receiving petitions from
my own State and from other parts of the
country.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have no doubt of that.
Mr. SUMNER. And 1 have presented them
in the discharge of my duties as a Senator here.
On their face the petitions are respectful in
form, and they set forth what, from other
sources, I have understood to be undeniable,
that at this moment the colored citizens of Del-
aware are despoiled of their rights. The colored
citizens of Delaware at this moment, unless
report is false, have not their rights under the
civil rights bill. They have not that great right
under the Constitution of the United States of
casting their suffrage. They are despoiled of
civil rights; they are despoiled of political
rights. Can any one doubt that? Can it be
denied ? Then these colored citizens find oc-
casion for petition. They have friends also
among them, as appears from a memorandum
which has been furnished with these petitions,
and which I will read:
Extract from the. minutes of the meet my held January 1,
1868, in Episcopal Zion Church, corner French ami
Ninth streets. ^Wilmington. Delaware— Celebration of
tile fifth a nniversary of president Lincoln's Emancipa-
tion Proclamation.
"On motion—
"liesolved. That D. H. Gnstus, Spencer Williams,
and Levi Anderson be appointed as a committee to
prepare and circulate a petition for bigiiiUurcs to be
presented to Congress, praying them to enact such
laws asthail secure to the colored peoplo of-——,
Delaware, alltherightsthatin justice pertain to them
as American citizens.''
That is a printed circular. It is in its nature
like other circulars undei; which petitions^ on
an extensive scale have been signed and after-
ward presented to Congress. The petition asks
for rights which, according to all the evidence
that has reached us, are still denied in Dela-
ware. I have not heard any one say on this
floor that they are not now denied; these pe-
titioners, therefore, have occasion for petition.
But it is said these signatures are in one writing
in those different places. Well, sir, unhappily,
owing to the perversity of the institutions of
Delaware, these petitioners have not in their
childhood been taught to read and write; there-
fore they may not all be able to sign their names;
ft may be that the committee through whose
agency these petitions have been gathered and
finally forwarded to Washington have aided these
petitioners in their signatures. With regard to
that I know nothing. I have presented the
petitions as I received them. On reading the
petition I at once took an interest in it; I felt
that it was just, and that was enough for me.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President^ there
is no specific grievance complained of in any
one of these petitions. Thepetitionsare alike,
although numerous, and as a specimen I will
read one:
"The petition of the subscribers, citizens of New-
ark, Newcastle county, in the State of Delaware,
respectfully showeth that we, the colored citizens,
who have been loyal to the Government, and-more
so daring the great rebellion, and by an act of Con-
gress have been made citizens of the United States,
which act, according "to the laws of Delaware, i" no
benefit to us as citizens, for it deprives "us of all the
rights of citizenship in said State.
And your petitioners will ever pray yourhonorablo
Congress now assembled to enactsuch laws as shall
secure to us all the rights that injustice pertain to us
as Aineriean citizens."
Now, sir, it is very common to charge upon
the State of Delaware", the State of Maryland,
the State of Kentucky, and some other States,
that the negro population within those States
are oppressed. I want to know what right
of citizenship there is that a negro is deprived
of in the State of Delaware 1 He is pun-
ished in no other mode for his offenses than'
a white man. It is true that he is not allowed
to vote under the laws of the State of Dela-
ware ; and is lie allowed to vote in the State
of Ohio ? Is he allowed to vote in the State
of Indiana? In how many of the States
of this Union is he allowed to vote? If
there be such wrong, such oppression in the"
State of Delaware in reference to this negro
population; if their wrongs and their oppres-
sions are to awaken the sympathies and arouse
the feelings and call forth the indignation of
the philanthropic and the humane in other
States, let me say to those philanthropic and
humane gentlemen cast the beam out of
your own eyes before yon attempt to pluck the
mote out of ours. Sir, there is not a class of
people on the face of the earth, in the same
condition of life, who are better cared for, bet-
ter protected, and whose rights are better se-
cured by law, than the negro population of the
State of Delaware? Is one of them accused
of crime? Is he unable, to employ counsel?
What do our courts of justice do? I speak
from experience. They assign counsel to de-
fend him at the public expense. They have
assigned me to defend such persons.as well as
other counsel. I havedefended them without
fee or reward when they have been unable to
pay counsel, and counsel have not been as-
signed, and where the court have assigned
counsel I have defended them as other mem-
bers of the bar do. It is easy to bring these
wholesale sweeping charges against whole com-
munities and States; but 1 challenge the act of
oppression toward this population to be pointed
out in my State. I have 110 objection to the
reference with the instructions which I propose,
that the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the genuineness of
those signatures.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is there any question
before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 the reference of these petitions with
instructions.
The referencawith the proposed instructions
was agreed to.-
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill No.
866, relating "*l  *
President.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
a report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the bill be taken up I
will give way to anything that does not occa-
sion debate.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the regular order
of business will be proceeded with.
Mr. JOHNSON. May I inquire what the
bill is which the honorable member from Ver-
mont proposes to take up?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The bill regulating the
presentation of bills to the President, which was
reported from the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to present some
petitions.
; to the presentation of acts to the
I should like to make
