fHE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE
June 3M
grant passengers. By the introduction into this
country of hundreds of thousands of emigrants
who beg and desire to come over and unite with
us in enjoying our liberties and blessings, once
here it would not be long before they would
materially aid ns in paying our national debt
and make us good citizens, for with their indus-
try and frugality they would soon have their
little homes dotted all oyer the land, as they
are in many parts of my district, their occu-
pants esteemed and respected; and I doubt
not the same can be said of most of the other
congressional districts. By the last census the
money raise to the country of every emigrant
is ascertained to be $1,030.
The State of Maine pays twenty-five dollars
for every emigrant between fifteen and fifty
years of age that settles in that State for one
year, for the reason to encourage emigration
to the State and help build it up. European
emigration has done much to help build up this
country and make it what it is, and should be
encouraged by every means at our disposal.
Combinations have been made by the foreign
lines to monopolize the American trade, and
drive out all transient steamers that may be in
their ports for freight and passengers; it is said
that it is almost impossible for transient Amer-
ican steamers to get a berth at their docks,
except at the extreme end of the wharf. They
make their boasts on the other side of the
waters, that they can run off any American
line; but a line of American steamers owned
by a company that is in some way indorsed by
the Government could not be so easily run off,
would be respected, and its rights regarded
and secured.
The European Governments, most of them,
foster and assist their lines of steamers, thus
giving them a nationality. The Canard line has
been heavily subsidized, and receives yearly a
large amount of money from their Government.
The French line is largely subsidized, and has
also a large loan of money from the Government.
The Bremen line has a large reserved fund. The
In man linehas alarge number of fine steamships
and quite a surplus. The Hamburg line is also
well established, with a reserved fond. Against
such lines an American line will have to con-
tend at its start; but, with the knowledge to
the European world that it carries the United
States mail and is indorsed by the Government,
it would not be long before it would be perma-
nently established, and no doubt outstrip all
other steamship lines now doing business on
the great waters. Now, the Commercial Nav-
igation Company do not ask for any subsidy
from the Government; all they ask is to carry
the United States mail between New York and
the European ports mentioned, and the com-
pensation to be received is the postage, in
accordance with the act of January 9, 1858.
It is but right that Congress should foster this
enterprise, and encourage it by thus lending
its aid.
By the report of the Postmaster General for
the fiscal year 1865, it would appear that
$405,479 was paid to foreign steamship lines
for postage of the United States mail matter to
England and Europe; in 1866, $465,979; in
1867, $455,362.
By these reports we see how safe and secure
the payment of the bonds of the Commercial
Navigation Company are made by the postal
money that will accumulate in the hands of the
Postmaster General for the mail services per-
formed by this company, which now, amount-
ing yearly to nearly five hundred thousand
dollars, is taken out of the country and paid
into the hands of foreign ship-owners.
This large amount is received and paid out,
though the rates of postage have been wisely
reduced, by the exertions of the present Post-
master General, to half, or nearly half, the pre-
vious rates.
The Post Office Department and the Gov-
ernment are entirely dependent upon steam-
ships sailing under foreign Bags for the safe
conveyance of the mails, their dispatches,
diplomatic agents, and bearers of dispatches.
To one line alone of English steamships,
which is fostered and assisted by the .English
Government, the Postmaster General, by his
report, appears to have been compelled to pay
for postal service for a single year, for want
of American steamships, the sum of $213,380,
and the last few years nearly two million dol-
lars. During the late rebellion it is estimated
the loss of more than twenty million dollars
was sustained by the ship-owners and others
interested in commerce in the destruction of
vessels and freights by the so-called confeder-
ate cruisers, fitted out and manned and sent
to sea from England, a country whose steam-
ships now carry the United States mails ; and
since the war was over this same Government
have imprisoned our citizens, at least our nat-
uralized citizens, which is contrary to the law
of nations, and only a few days ago the last of
these released from prison. Our natural pride
should forbid this aiding and fostering lines of
steamships belonging to a country who have
directly and indirectly aided our enemies, and
unlawfully imprisoned oar citizens.
Mr. Speaker, I hope this bill will pass, its
provisions be faithfully carried out, a line of
steamers established that will be a credit to
our country, and fully compete with any other
line now in existence, being thoroughly Ameri-
can in build, in management, and control, and
henceforth the United States mails be carried
over the ocean by vessels bearing our nation's
flag.
Mr. MILLER. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment. • ^
Mr. HILL. Only for a question.
Mr. MILLER. I ask the gentleman whether
this bill creates any liability on the part of the
Government of the United States?
Mr. HILL. It does not.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to call the
attention of the gentleman from New Jersey
to the last sentence in the bill. It is there
provided that Congress may at any time here-
after, during the period of twenty years, and
having a due regard to the rights of the said
company, alter, repeal, or amend this act, and
it shall take effect and be in force from and
after its passage. The question I rise to ask
is whether that language is intended to enable
Congress or the Government at any time to
terminate or abandon this long contract of
twenty years. If that be the meaning of the
clause 1 wish to suggest an amendment to make
it distinct and clear. If that be not the design
it seems to me this language is of no practical
value, and that the bill is then one that ought
not to receive the sanction of this House. The
amendment I would suggest is to make the last
sentence read as follows :
And Congress may, at any time hereafter during
the period of twenty years, terminate or abandon any
contract with said company on the part of the United
States, and having a due regard to the accrued rights
of the said company.
By moving this amendment I do not propose
to commit, myself to the bill.
Mr. HILL. I will yield to have that amend-
ment offered, and then demand the previous
question.
Mr. PHELPS. I trust the gentleman before
calling for the previous question will yield to
me to offer an amendment.
Mr._ WASHBURNE, of Illinois. A bill of
this kind ought to be discussed.
Mr. HILL. I will yield to the gentleman
for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ihopethe
gentleman from New Jersey will permit some
discussion of this bill. It is a matter of great
importance, and is the initiation of a new sys-
tem, one that ought not to bp passed by this
House without due consideration.
So far as I am personally concerned, I will
say that anything I can conscientiously do for
the promotion of our navigation interests I will
be glad to do; but there are matters in this
bill which I never could agree to. I think
amendments may bo suggested which perhaps
the gentleman will agree to. One objection is
in reference to the first seetion. I would like
to know whether it is the intention to retam
accumulated mail matter for the purpose of
being sent by this line? There is nothing ia
this bill which would prevent the Post Offiee
Department from keeping back letters, which
otherwise might have gone three or four days
in advance, waiting for the sailing of this line-
Mr. HILL. What amendment does the gen-
tleman from Illinois propose?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
submit to the gentleman this proviso, to come
in at the end of the last section:
Provided, That no letters or mail matter .shaft be
detained for tbepnrp€?sc of fc-eing sent by this hue.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does not my col-
league know that the Postmaster General has
no right to detain any mail matter unless he is
expressly authorized to do it ? What is the
use of this proviso ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
league will understand that this very bill gives
to the Postmaster General very wide authority
to eontract, and under it he might contract
that all the letters and mail matter should be
compelled to go by this line. There is cer-
tainly no objection, even if what my colleague
says is true, to placing this provision in the
bill.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman from
New Jersey allow me asingle question?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand the gentleman is willing to have this
amendment offered.
The SPEAKER. It will theo be regarded
as pending.
^"Mr. HILL. I have no idea that She Post-
master General ean retain letters.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that it is allowed to be offered.
Mr. HILL. I yield five minutes to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delano.]
Mr. DELANO. I wish to direct the atten-
tion of the House to two features of this bill.
The first is that it secures to a company char-,
tered by the New York Legislatures monopoly
of the carrying of the mails for the long period
of twentyyears. The company has yet to enter
upon the performance of that duty. The next
feature is that it guarantees to that company
for that period of time all the sea and inland
postage. Thegentleman says it gives no bonus.
He is mistaken. According to bis own figures
it gives abonus, at present rates of carrying the
mail, for sea postage alone, of some four hun-
dred thousand dollars per annum. Now, sir,
at present it costs the Government the sea post-
age. But this bill proposes to add as a part of
the bonas to this company, not perpetually, but
for twenty years, the inland postage. I do not
know what the amount now is, but I am cred-
ibly informed that it is not less than $-50,000
per annum; and who can tell what it may
amount to in the expansion of this country
during the next twenty years ?
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to ask a question
at this point. I understand the gentleman to
say that this bill gives a bonus of $400,000 for
sea postage. I do not so understand it. If it
is so I am wholly mistaken. If I understand
it we are not paying a bonus of $400,000. We
are now paying the sea postage only to foreign
vessels under the British flag; and if we pay
it to this American company are we uot simply
paying for the labor they do?
Mr. DELANO. I stated, I believe, that all
we paid now to the foreign company was the
sea postage. I have been informed by a friend
of this measure, who is not a member of the
House, that the sea postage alone araoants to
about three hundred thousand dollars; but
from the particulars given by the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. HiliJ in his remarks
it seems to be more than that.
Mr. HILL. The inland- and sea postage is
$405,000.
Mr. DELANO. Now, what I wish to bring
before the House is the propriety of some lim-
itation to this bonus, as it is likely to increase
in the progress of time. I have therefore
