624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
human nature demanded it, and our sons and
brothers " died to make them free." Their
liberty has been bought with an inestimable
price, and can never be subverted or taken
from them either by fraud or force. It is well
for all men North nnd South to understand
this. As to those antediluvians who expect
success or seek ephemeral fame by building a
party upon the defects or deformities of any
of God's creatures, let lliem also stand as
monuments of the good temper and patience
of the people, who are willing to tolerate with
a compassionate smile the weakness of a
mau who dares to reason that because a negro
is inferior he should therefore be oppressed.
The brave, the strong, the benevolent, and the
wise tolerate this drivelling from the same
noble principle that dictates their action to-
ward the negro — compassion to the weak.
That to protect the negro in his inalienable
rights of life, liberty, and pursuit of happiness,
it is necessary to confer upon him the ballot .
and make him a law-giver is begging the en- j
tire question. To-day, 1 believe, in most of the 1
northern States the colored raeu stand in the
courts of justice on an exact equality with
other citizens as to all civil rights and reme-
dies.
And I know of no sentiment or principle in
the Democratic party which seeks to deprive
them of these rights. Equal and exact justice
to all is the corner-stone and foundation prin-
ciple of our political temple. The elective
franchise, or right to vote, is neither a natural
nor inalienable right; it is simply a political
privilege granted or withheld according to the
judgment of those who plant a State and es-
tablish its fundamental laws. It is not even a
necessary attribute of citizenship, nor has it
any necessary connection with legal rights and 1
remedies.
The large and intelligent bodies of foreign-
born men in this country will justify me in
these positions, and unanimously affirm that
they enjoyed all rights and liberties as well
before as after they were invested with the
franchise. Our wives and daughters and minor
sons and widowed sisters, and the dear old
maids, all of whom we love as tenderly as the
Republicans can possibly love the negro, will
certainly bear witness that they stand equals
with us before the law and enjoy with our-
selves the full protection of Government. I
will endeavor to avoid irritating my Republican
friends by using the word Constitution, for 1
know how sensitive they are upon this point,
and I will simply assert that Congress has no
power to determine who shall be voters in any
State, and that it is very weak and absurd for
ns to seek to confer power upon others to do
what we cannot do ourselves.
It is asserted that the majorities in the south-
ern States will, if not checked, oppress the
negro. While I do not believe this, for the sake
of argument admit that it is true, and I still
deny that negro suffrage and martial law is the
remedy. If we must legislate for the negroes
let us do it ourselves, as we do for the District
of'Columbia. My own thought has been and
still is that these freedmen occupy a pecu-
liar relation to the Government, something
like the Indians, only more docile, teachable,
and governable. If it becomes necessary let
ns purchase lands for them and remove them
to reservations, or, if necessary, let us estab-
lish numerous courts, as we have a right to do,
throughout the South, and empower and re-
quire the judges appointed by ourselves espe-
cially to guard the rights of these unfortunate
people. Let us try every measure before we
resort to this desperate experiment. It is
unjust, tyrannical, and revolutionary, and tends
to mo^t disastrous consequences. We must
nor innovate and tamper with the sacred prin-
ciples which lie at the foundation of our Gov-
ernment. Should we pluck down this grand
old temple of liberty the negro, as the in-
ferior and weaker, would lie buried deepest
beneath its ruins. If we bring to this debate
the candid temper and impartial judgment
which characterized the founders of our Repub-
I lie we shall meet with no insurmountable ob-
, stacks to the restoration of our beloved but
now unhappy country. We all know and ought
to have the manhood to admit that the South
is no more responsible for the existence of
African slavery than the North. We of the
North know that our fathers helped to estab-
lish the institution and always recognized its
legality, and we know that our fathers would
not nor could not have permitted their eman-
cipated slaves to have sat with them at board
and in council. Why do we insist upon break-
ing the golden rule?
To deprive the southern people of the right
of self-government; to force upon them negro
suffrage ; to press and cramp them by martial
law to comply with our demands is not only
unjust and cruel to them, but is most humili-
ating and degrading to ourselves. To the
candid mind such measures seem to be urged
either from malicious or interested motives.
Is it possible that the Republican party dares
to play with the heart-strings of the nation for
the purpose of carrying a paltry presidential
election? The contemplated passage of this
bill has already disturbed and embarrassed the
country to an alarming extent. The eandid
and wise legislation of the early part of the
session encouraged and invigorated the coun-
try ; the conservative men joined hands and
aided each other to restore public confidence
in the stability and harmony of the Govern-
' ment; the impeachment bill was promptly
ignored; the ruinous and arbitrary contrac-
tion of the currency checked, the cotton tax
repealed, and measures introduced and debates
inaugurated which looked to earnest and states-
manlike legislation. And allow me to point to
, a significant fact: gold receded in consequence
| ten per cent., or every man in the Union who
possessed $100 of currency was ten dollars
richer for the wisdom and moderation of Con-
gress. One week of this useless and unhappy
legislation has brought gold back from thirty-
three to forty per cent., depreciated the value
of public funds, and thrown, in the dead of
winter, thousands of laboring poor out of em-
ployment. Freedom! what crimes and follies
are perpetrated in thy sacred name! In con-
clusion let me serve notiee upon the authors
and supporters of the bill that the artifice to
entrap the President into the commission of a
"high misdemeanor" while in the conscien-
tious discharge of his duty is thoroughly un-
derstood and properly appreciated by all
candid and right-minded men.
Mr. WASHBURN, oflndiana, obtained the
floor.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, this morn-
ing I.yielded my right to speak because I did
not care about going on on Saturday, and I
did not wish to block the debate by holding
the place. My desire was that I might have
the floor the first time the House went into
Committee of the Whole on the President's
message onjwjother day than Saturday. And
if that is unaUipiously assented to, I will now
gtv;e way to the gentlem^q ,fronj Indiana. ,
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objec-
tion the gentleman from Maine will be entitled
to the floor the first time the House goes into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the President's message on any day
other than Saturday.
No objection was made.
Mr. BLAINE. With the consent of the
gentleman from Indiana, I now move that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to:
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the an-
nual message of tha President of the Uni-
ted States, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. HUBBARD,
of West Virginia, (at four o'clock and twenty
minutes p. m., j the House adjourned.
petition.
The following petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee :
B.v the SPEAKER: The petition of G. W.
S. Hun&r, of Almona, Randolph county, Ala-
bama, praying that he may be allowed to dis-
till spirituous liquors for medical purposes in
said State free of internal revenue tux.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 20, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved. > '
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating an estimate of appro-
priations required for the Navajo Indians at or
near Fort Sumner, New Mexico, for the resi-
due of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868,
and for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1869;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions of the constitutional convention of
Georgia in favor of the repeal of the tax on
cotton ; which were ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented resolutions adopted at a
meeting of citizens of North Andover, Massa-
chusetts, urging the protection of the natural-
ized citizens abroad; which were referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of
George W. Doty, United States Navy, praying
; to be placed on the Navy Register as a com-
mander on the retired list; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a memorial of
Jonathan Crews, attorney for the heirs of
, Francis atld Antoine Renault, deceased, pray-
ing the passage of an act authorizing them to
j locate four hundred acres of land each in the
, old donation tract of the Vincennes land dis-
trict; which was referred to the Committee on
| Private Land Claims.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
I Louisiana, praying relief for the New Orleans,
Opelousas, and Great Western Railroad Com-
pany; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. COLE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of California, urging the survey of
the mouth of the Eel river, in Humboldt county,
in that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial adopted
by the national convention of manufacturers
j assembled at Cleveland, Ohio, signed by citi-
! zens of Boston, Massachusetts, proposing a
| plan for a change of internal revenue taxa-
I tion; which was referred to the Committee on
I Finance.
! He also presented resolutions adopted at a
| meeting of citizens of Hampden county, Mas-
sachusetts-, urging the protection of American
citizens in foreign countries; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented a petition of William
Henry, late sergeant company F, third United
States infantry, praying that certain money
intrusted by him to Lieutenant Thomas D.
Parker, who was killed in battle Jui e 27, 1862,
may be refunded to him by the Treasury; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Michigan, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route from Big Rapids to Mill-
brook,in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of West Virginia, praying that a pension
be granted to Edmund J.'Hays, late a private
in company B, sixth West Virginia volunteers;
which-was-referred to the Committee on Pen-
sion^
v
