2008
THE C0NG-B1SSI0NAL GLOBS.
MarcliSO,
Mr. BRAKE. I would ask the Senator
from Vermont not to call up that bill at this
time, and not to attempt to call it up. It is a
bill of general legislation which is worthy of
the attention of the Senate after the morning
hour and not in the morning hour. And I will
give as another reason why I hope the_ S.enate
will not take up the bill that I desire "to offer
this morning in the morning hour an amend-
ment to the rules of the Senate when sitting
in the trial of an impeachment, or rather an
additional rule, and there is no time between
now and next Monday to accomplish a thing
of that kind but in the'morning hour. And,
sir, for the information of the Senate I will
read that which I desire to bring before the
Senate, if this bill is not taken up.
Mr. MORTON. I believe I had the floor.
Mr. DRAKE. I did not know that the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana had the floor.
If he had intimated that to me before I should
have ceased in a moment, and I shall not go
on now if that be so.
Mr. MORTON. Go on, sir.
Mr. DRAKE. I will read the additional
rule which I wish to introduce, and which can-
'not be effectively introduced unless it be this
morning; and if the bill which the honorable
Senator from Vermont wishes to bring up now
is taken up it will consume the whole morning
hour probably, and there will bo no oppor-
tunity to introduce it. It is in these words :
When the Senate is sitting upon tlie trial of an im-
peachment. the presiding officer shall bo addrossed
as "Mr. President;'; and all papers submitted by
either party, which in their nature should be ad-
dressed in terras to the tribunal, shall be addressed
to it as "the Senate;" and a,11 references in papers or
debate to the tribunal,shall bo to itas "the Senate."
Mr. President, when the Senate sat this day
a week ago, in the matter of the impeachment
trial, wo had a very extraordinary spectacle
exhibited here. The. counsel for the President
on one side of the Chamber addressing the
presiding officer of the Senate as "Mr. Chief
Justice," the managers on the part of the
House of Representatives on the other side of
the Chamber addressing the presiding officer
as '' Mr. President.1'
We had still further the extraordinary spec-
tacle of the paper signed by the President of
the United States entering his appearance to
the impeachment, addressed, not to the Sen-
ate, not to the president of the Senate, but to
the Chief Justice, and that paper, together with
a professional statement signed by the counsel,
was read here to the Senate, in neither of
which did the word " Senate" occur.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill for consideration.
Mr. JOHNSON. I believe the question be-
fore the Senate is whether the bill referred to
by the honorable member from Vermont shall
be taken'up.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir; and I am giving
reasons why it should not be taken up.
Mr. JOHNSON. The reasons are that
you want something else taken up which has
nothing in the world to do with the question.
You might as well discuss anything entirely
foreign to the particular question before the
Senate. Unless we observe something like
what, I suppose to be parliamentary rules, we
shall consume the whole hour and take up
nothing.
Mr. DRAKE. I suppose, Mr. President,
that I am in order ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I make the question.
Mr. DRAKE. I am assigning reasons why
this bill should not be taken up now; and I
am giving as a reason that I wish to introduce
another matter before the Senate, and I am
showing why that other matter should come
before the Senate in preference to this bill.
If the President of the Senate decides that I
am out of order, of course I shall take my seat.
The PRpSlDENT_pro tempore. The Sena-
tor is in order.
Mr. DRAKE. Now, sir, as I was remark-
ing, the attempt was made here when we sat
last in the trial of the impeachment, on the
President's counsel and of the President him-
self, utterly to ignore the Senate of the United
State?, and to set np the pretense that this was
but a court. And, sir, two Senators on the
floor in addressing the President of the Senate
addressed him as Mr. Chief Justice. Sir, when
the Senate is sitting on the trial of an impeach-
ment there is no Chief Justice here. An in-
dividual sits as President of the Senate in virtue
of his official character in another place as
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States. When we have the Vice President
in the chair we do not address him when we
rise here as "Mr. Vice President," but as
"Mr. President." His character of Vice Pres-
ident does not belong in this Chamber, nor does
the character of Chief Justice belong in this
Chamber. Either of those officers, when pre-
siding here, is President of the Senate. I hold
it to be due to the Senate itself, after the two
days' effort made here to strike out of its rules
everything in relation to a high court of im-
peachment, to maintain its character as the Sen-
ate and the character of its presiding officer,
when it sits on a trial of an impeachment, as
President of the Senate, and not as Mr. Chief
Justice.
And, sir, it is for the purpose of putting a
stop in limine to that proceeding on the part
of the President's counsel, which was evi-
dently studied beforehand, determined upon
beforehand, and had in it a distinct purpose
which will develop itself in the course of the
trial in all probability—it is for the purpose of
putting a stop to that thing that I desire to
introduce this new rule in regard to the pro-
ceedings of the Senate when sitting in the trial
of an impeachment. I consider, as to-day and
to-morrow are the only days that can elapse
before we engage in the trial again, that that
is a good reason why the bill proposed to be
taken up by the Senator from Vermont should
not be taken up, because it will consume all
the time that we would have to devote to this
other subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill indicated by the
Senator from Vermont for consideration.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope that motion
will not prevail. I called up a bill the other
day in reference to some Indian matters which
I desire to have passed this morning. I will
state to the Senate, in a word, a fact in refer-
ence to it, and then they can act as they choose.
Last fall the Indian commission asked of
the Sioux Indians on the Powder river, who
have been hostile daring the last eighteen
months, to meet us at Port Laramie. The In-
dians have assembled there in large numbers,
and I am in the receipt of telegraphic dis-
patches to the effect that unless something is
done very soon the Indians will disperse, and
if they do, the probability is that they will re-
new the war. They have met there for the
purpose of settling the difficulty between them-
selves and the whites ; and we are now feed-
ing them there at an immense expense and
must continue to do so until an effort is made
to make peace with them. There is no appro-
priation of course for the purpose of conclud-
ing that peace. I desire that the measure to
which I refer shall be put through this morn-
ing. I desire that it shall be passed before the
wheels of legislation are looked up so that
nothing can be done, in order that if peace can
be secured it shall be. If the Senate do not
act this morning, I think the strong probability
is an expenditure of five or six million dollars
will be entailed upon us in the course of the
next twelve months. The Indians, I under-
stand, are disposed now to disperse. They have
been there for some time, ana we made a pos-
itive promise to them that if they would assem-
ble we would meet them there and conclude a
treaty of peace with them.
If the Senate is disposed, under this state-
ment of fact, not to act upon the bill, it must
take the responsibility. I had it up a few days
ago. I have had no bill before the Senate at
this session as chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs; I have not asked the time of
the Senate, and I have found it so far utterly
impossible to get a bill before the Senate. If
the Senate are disposed to pass this measure
by and take the chances of Indian wars in the
coming year and a very large expenditure of
money, producing a deficiency which Will startle
some gentlemen in all probability within the
next twelve months, they must take the re-
sponsibility; it will not'rest on my shoulders.
I desire to take up the measure' this morning
and I shall vote against any proposition until
I can have an opportunity of bringing it up.
Mr. POMEROY. I should not like to delay
any of these tills, but yesterday the Senate
voted to request the return of a resolution
from the Secretary of the Treasury that I
might move an amendment to it, and I said
then to the Senator from Indiana that I would
not delay the passage of the resolution. I am
prepared now, if the Senate is ready to act
upon the reconsideration, to offer an amend-
ment so that the resolution may pass at a very
early day. That is the only reason I have for
not desiring to take up the bill which it is now
proposed to take up.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not want the Sen-
ator from Kansas to put himself to any_ incon-
venience or delay on my account. The inform-
ation I wish to get I shall obtain by addressing
a note to the Secretary of the Treasury, and I
shall not be defeated in getting the information
by having the resolution piled down so that an
answer cannot bebrought back from the Treas/-
ury Department during the session.
Mr. HOWE. The Senate does not seem to
be agreed what bill it shall take up, and, pend-
ing the debate, I should like to offer a couple
of memorials and make some reports.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
matter before the Senate. Ihe question is on
taking up the bill mentioned by the Senator
from Vermont,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only wish to say that
the bill has been reported from the Judiciary
Committee, for a good many weeks. It is a
bill that that committee thought to be import-
ant in view of what had taken place and of
what might take place, a bill of general inter-
est and a matter affecting the course of1 legis-
lation, and, therefore, a bill of public import-
ance. I have felt it to be my duty to ask the
Senate, every opportunity I could get, to take
it up and act upon it oneway or the other; for
if it is not passed, then some other measure
which will effectuate a result must be adopted.
Having said that, it is entirely in the hands of
the Senate.. It is not a railroad bill, or a land-
grant bill, or an Indian bill, or any other bill
than one that relates to the powers of Congress
and of the President to act in harmony with
each other. If the Senate do not want to take
it up I am willing to let it sleep. It does not
affect me more than any other Senator. I
should hope they would be willing to take it
up, and I think we can pass it in five minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, to take up the bill mentioned by him.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate now proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 733.
Mr. EESSENDEN. I should like to make
a report.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will give way when
I get the bill up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But all the time of the
morning hour is spent in debating whether we
will take up bills.
Mr. HENDERSON. _ The Senator has my
statement that if something is not done in re-
gard to the question involved in this bill the
Indians will have dispersed long before we get
through the trial of the impeachment, and we
must take the responsibility of an Indian war
cominguponustheensuingsummer. It is an im-
portant measure which I have been desirous for
a long time to get' considered, but I have been
crowded out from day to day. - It is the first
time, as chairman of the Committee on Indian
