1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
prepared a proviso, which I desire to offer as
an amendment to the third section, as follows:
_ Provided, That when the receipts of said naviga-
tion company from sea postage under any contract
to be made in pursuance of this act shall equal or
excecd the sum 01 SSoO.OOO per annum, then the right
of said company to receive inland postage shall
cease and determine, and said company shall only
receive the sea postage.
1 he SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New Jersey allow this to be offered?
Mr. HILL. I do not like to have ioo many
amendments offered to the bill. I will state
that in 1858 
The SPEAKER. The five minutes of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Delano] have ex-
pired. The gentleman from New Jersey re-
sumes the floor, and the Chair understands
he declines to allow the amendment to be
offered.
Mr. HILL. On tbo 14th of June, 1858,
Congress passed an act under which the mails
are now carried, which limits the compensa-
tion to the sea and inland postage when car-
ried by American vessels and the sea postage
when carried by foreign vessels.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. HILL. I decline to yield further. This
law was passed on the 14th of June, 1858, and
has been in existence nine years, and yet no
company has been found in this country to
organize under it and carry the mails. Why?
Because if they secured a contract for carry-
ing the mails for one year, they had no secur-
ity that they could get it for two, three, or
five years, and no company of individuals are
going to invest five, six, seven or eight million
dollars in an enterprise of this sort without
some pledge or security of a longer contract.
I consider the bill a just bill, and I do not like
this amendment proposing to put these Amer-
ican steamers on the same level with the for-
eigners who have been carrying the mails for
years past, and who have been doing all they
can, directly and indirectly, to injure our com-
merce and destroy our vessels and do us injury.
Sir, I cannot consent to that amendment being
offered, and I move the previous question on
the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman allow
tne to ask him a question?
Mr. HILL. I will yield to the gentleman
for a moment.
Mr. PHELPS. I would ask the gentleman
from New Jersey whether the Commercial Nav-
igation Company of the State of New Jersey—
"a corporation existing under the laws of the
State of New York"—has at this moment a
single steamship afloat? Has it now built or
has it in process of construction a solitary
steamer?
I wish to ask the gentleman a further ques-
tion, and that is, whether the provision in the
fourth section authorizing the registration at
the Post Office Department of the Govern-
ment of the bonds to be issued by this Com-
mercial Navigation Company for the purpose
of enabling it to build the seven proposed ocean
steamships, together with the further provision
constituting in effect the Postmaster General
a trustee or receiver for the payment of the
semi-annual interest on these bonds out of
accrued postages, and for the ultimate pay-
ment of the principal of the bonds by means
of a sinking fund, whether these provisions do
not amount to a constructive^ guarantee of
the bonds? I find the bill originally did, in
express terms, authorize the Postmaster Gen-
eral "to guaranty the payment and interest
of the bonds to the amount of not more than
$3,500,000."
I shall ask the gentleman from New Jersey
to allow me to offer two additional sections to
this bill by way of amendment, and I hope he
will not insist upon the previous question with-
out permitting this amendment to be read. _ The
bill confers exclusive privileges upon a single
corporation in New York—a corporation that
has no claims, that has its ships yet to build
and its capital to raise, and that by the aid of
congressional legislation and patronage, in
anticipation of which, so far as appears, the
corporation was organized. For my part, Mr.
Speaker, I am glad to accord to New York
every advantage that her position, enterprise,
and capital entitle her to. But I am not
disposed to yield to a New York enterprise
special privileges by way of Governmentpatron-
age, when the same privileges are denied to
enterprises of my own State which have estab-
lished already claims upon the protection of
the Government, if protection is to be shown
anywhere, by their persevering and successful
struggles in upholding the American flag upon
the high seas.
A Maryland corporation, the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company, has maintained for
more than two years past a line of ocean steam-
ers, American built and American registered,
between the ports of Baltimore and Liverpool.
The same corporation is joint owner, with the
North German Lloyds, of a line of Clyde-
built steamers between Baltimore and Bremen,
touching at Southampton, the identical route
contemplated by this bill. Another Maryland
corporation, the Baltimore and Havana Steam-
ship Company, is struggling successfully to
maintain another American line of ocean
steamers, American built and American regis-
tered. _ Neither of these lines has yet received
a helping hand from the Government, nor a
single dollar from its Treasury by way of sub-
sidy. They are the natural result of the natural
causes which combine to concentrate the trade
of the great West and South in the city of Bal-
timore, the destined metropolis of those sec-
tions. We never have asked, and do not ask
now, for any exclusive privileges or special
patronage ; but I do claim for these lines the
equal and exact justice of being placed upon the
same footing with an experimental enterprise
which, from the first moment of its existence,
begins to lean upon the arm of the national
Government.
The first additional section of the amend-
ment which I hold in my hand extends the
same privileges and advantages which are
secured to the Commercial Navigation Com-
pany of New York in regard to contracts and
compensation for carrying the mails, and also
in regard to the arrangements for building
additional steamers by the issue of registered
bonds, under the auspices of the Post Office
Department, to the two Maryland corporations
which I have named, the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company and the Baltimore and
Havana Steamship Company.
The other section provides for extending
precisely the same privileges to any other com-
pany in the United States now or hereafter
incorporated.
If the gentleman insists on refusing to hear
the amendment reported by the Clerk, I hope
the House will not sustain the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. HILL. I must resume the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman allow
me to offer the amendment I have indicated?
Mr. HILL. I cannot.
Mr. DELANO. I have modified my amend-
ment, and the gentleman from New Jersey
allows me to offer it. I move to add at the
end of section three the following :
Provided, That when the receipts of said naviga-
tion company trom sea postage under any contract
to be made in pursuance of this act shall equal or
exceed the sum of $400,000 per annum, then thoright
of said company to receive the inland postages shall
cease and determine, and said company shall only
receive sea postage.
Mr. HILL. I will allow that amendment to
be offered; and I now yield to the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I simply desire to
say to the House, that they may understand
this hill, that there is no subsidy in it whatever.
Various schemesand petitions have come before
the committee asking us to subsidize different
lines, but we have refused to do it. We have
done in this bill what we think is a very fair
thing. We propose to pay the postages to our
own ships, if they will carry the mails, instead
of paying them to foreigners, who are doing all
they can to drive oar ships from the ocean.
That is all there is in this bill, and I move the
previous question upon it.
lhe question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a t?:visic£ '.here
were?—ayes sixty-three.
Before the noes were counted,-
Mr. PHELPS called for tellers upon second-
ing the previous question.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Hill and Mr.
Phelps were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes sixty-five, noes
not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move that tlie
biH and pending amendments be laid upon the
table, and on that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 36, nays 97, not
voting 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Baker, BaJdwin,-
Beatty, Boyer, Bromwell,Broomall,Buckland, Burr,
Sidney Oiarkc, Cobb, Coburn. Cook. Bggleston,
Eidndge, Glossbrenncr,Grover, Richard D. Hubbard,
Knott, jVfallory, Marshall, McCuliough.Nunn, Paine,
Phelps, Polsley, Ross, Scolield, Stone, Thomas, Law-
renec S.Trimble,Upson, Yan Auken, Elibu B. Wash-
burne, and Welker—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley, Barnes,
Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Blaine, Blair, Brooks,
Cake, Chanler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Cornell,
Covode, Dawes, Donnelly, Eckley, Ela. Eliot, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Terry, Fields, Garfield,Getz, Golladay,
Gravely, Griswold, Halsey, Harding, Hisrby, Hill,
Holman, Hooper, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Chester D.
Hubbard, llulbura. Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Judd,
Julian, Kelscy, Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, George V.
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, May-
nard, McClurg, Mercur, Miller. Moore, Moorhead,
Morreli, Morrissey, Mullins, Newcomb, Niblack,
Nicholson, Pile, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, Randall,
Ilaum, Robertson, Robinson, Sawyer, Schenck,Shell-
abarger, Sit,greaves, Spalding. Starkweather, Aaron
F.Stevens. Stewart, Stokes,Tabcr, Taffe, Taylor. John
Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell, Robert T. Van Horn,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D. Wash-
burn. William B.Washburn, William Williams. John
T. Wilson, Windom, and Woodward—97.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arncll,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Barnum,
Beck, Bingham, Boutwcll, Butler, Cary, Culloin,
Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Finney, Fox, Haight,
Hawkins, Asahel W.IIubbard, Humphrey, Johnson,
Jone<3, Kelley, Kerr, Kitchen, William Lawrence,
Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy, McCormick, Mungen,
Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Perhavu, Peters, Pike, Poland,
Pruyn, Sulye, Shanks, Smith, ThaddousStevens.Van
Aemam, Burt Van Horn. Van Trump, Van Wyck,
Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Wood, and Woodbridgo—56.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendments
reported from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Iloads j and being taken, they were
agreed to.
The next question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Shellabarger, to amend the last clause
of section eight so that it will read as follows:
And Congress may at any time hereafter during
the period of twenty yenrs terminate or abandon any
contract of the United States made with such com-
pany, afid having a due regard to the accrued rights
of the said company, alter, repeal, or amend this
act, and it shall take effect and be in force from and
after its passage.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was on the amendment
of Mr. Wasubcbse, of Illinois, to add to section
two the following:
Provided, That no letters or mail matter shall be
detained for the purpose ot being sent by this lioe.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was on the amendment
of Mr. Delaxo, to add to section three the
following:
Provided, That when the receipts of said naviga-
tion company lrom sea postages under any conf ract
to be made in pursuance of tbis act shall eciual or
exceed the sum of $400,000 per annum, then tbe right
of said company to receive the inland postages shall
cease and determine, and tho said company shall
only receive the sea postages.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; arid being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
