1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
Laivs of the United States.
40th Gong.,.. 2d Sbss.
For expenses that may accrue for the fol-
lowing purposes, viz.:
For freight and transportation of materials
and stores for Bureau of Equipment and Re-
cruiting, expenses of recruiting, transporta-
tion ot enlisted men, printing, postage, adver-
tising, telegraphing, and stationery for the
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting, appre-
hension of deserters, assistance to vessels in
distress, two hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars.
Forthe pay of superintendents and the civil
establishment at the several navy-yards under
this bureau, eighteen thousand dollars.
bureau of navigation.
For navigation apparatus and supplies, and
for the purposes incidental to navigation, viz.:
For compass stations, and for repair and
care of same, four thousand dollars.
For services and materials for correcting
compasses on board of vessels, and for testing
compasses on shore, three thousand dollars.
For nautical and astronomical instruments,
for nautical books, maps and charts, and sail-
ing directions, and for repairs of instruments
for vessels of war, ten thousand dollars.
For books for libraries for vessels of war,
and for books and stationery for naval appren-
tices, four thousand five hundred dollars.
For binnacles, pedestals, and other appur-
tenances of ships' compasses, to be made in
the yards, three thousand dollars.
For bunting aud other materials for flags,
and for making and repairing flags of all kinds
for the Navy, seven thousand and five hundred
dollars.
For Navy signals other than signal flags,
namely, signal-lanterns, lights, rockets, and
apparatus of all kinds for signal purposes, for
drawings and engravings for signal-books, six
thousand dollars.
For logs, log lines, log reels, log paper, and
sand glasses, for lead, lead reels, lead lines,
armings for leads and other sounding appa-
ratus, and for running lights, (side and head
lanterns prescribed by law,) eight thousand
dollars.
For musical instruments for vessels of war,
one thousand dollars.
For commanders' and navigators' stationery
for vessels of war, five thousand dollars.
For oil for vessels of war, other than for
engineer department, fifty thousand dollars.
For local and foreign pilotage for vessels of
war, sixty thousand dollars.
For lamps and lanterns of all kinds for bin-
nacles, standard compasses, and tops, for
lamps for cabins, wardroom, and other quar-
ters for officers, and for decks, holds, and
storerooms, and for lamp-wicks, chimneys,
shades, and other appendages, six thousand
dollars.
For freight and transportation of navigation
materials, instruments, books, and stores,
postage on public letters, telegraphing on pub-
lie business, advertising for proposals, packing
boxes and material, blank-books, forms, and
stationery at navigation offices, and contingent
expenses, ten thousand dollars.
For expenses of Naval Academy, viz. :
For pay of professors and others, seventy-
six thousand seven hundred and six dollars.
For pay of watchmen and others, forty-five
thousand two hundred and ninety-four dollars.
For contingent expenses, sixty-three thou-
sand four hundred and fifty dollars.
For necessary repairs of quarters, tea thou-
sand dollars.
For support of department of steam enginery,
and for payment of mechanics and laborers,
five thousand dollars.
For expenses of Naval Observatory, viz.:
For wages of one instrument-maker, one
messenger, one porter, and three watchmen ;
for keeping grounds in order, and repairs to
buildings and inclosures; for fuel, light, and
office furniture, and for stationery, chemicals
for batteries, postage, and freight, ten thou-
sand six hundred dollars.
For incidental expenses, five hundred dol-
lars.
For salary of clerk, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For salary of three aids, four thousand dol-
lars.
For preparing for publication the American
Nautical Almanac, namely:
For pay of computers, fifteen thousand dol-
lars.
For pay of clerk, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For payment of expenses of Visitors to the
Naval Academy, two thousand dollars.
bureau of ordnance.
_ For guns, gun-carriages, shot, shell, maga-
zine and laboratory stores, and equipments of
all kinds; for gunpowder, small-arms, equip-
ments, and ammunition ; for fuel and materials
necessary in carrying on the mechanical
branches of the ordnance department at the
navy-yards and stations, two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
For the necessary repairs of the magazine at
Chelsea; for the dwellings at the niter depot,
Maiden; for repairs to buildings on ordnance
dock, and also repairs to tugs and lighters, and
for repairs of ordnance dock at Ellis Island,
New York ; for repairs of magazine at Fort
Mifflin ; for repairing crane and wharf at Nor-
folk, and for repairs of magazine at Mare
Island, fourteen thousand five hundred dollars.
For pay of the superintendents and the civil
establishment at the several navy-yards under
this bureau, fifteen thousand dollars.
bureau op construction and repairs.
For pay of superintendents and the civil
establishment at the several navy-yards under
this bureau, thirty-nine thousand dollars.
bureau OV steam engineering.
For pay of the superintendents and the civil
establishment at the several navy-yards under
this bureau, twenty-four thousand dollars.
For stores and materials, tools, repairs of
machinery of steamers, boilers, instruments,
and labor at navy-yards, and repairs of the
machinery, and purchase of stores and ma-
terials for vessels of squadrons on foreign sta-
tions; and for transportation of materials, six
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
bureau of i'ro visions an1) clothing.
For pay of the civil establishment at the sev-
eral navy-yards under this bureau, and at the
Naval Asylum, twenty-six thousand dollars.
For provisions and clothing, one million five
hundred thousand dollars.
To meet the demands upon the bureau for
freight and transportation of stores, for can-
dles, fuel; for tools and repairing same at eight
inspections; for books and blanks ; for station-
ery ; for furniture and repairs of same in offices
of paymasters and inspectors; for telegrams
and postage : tolls and ferriages ; and for ice,
one hundred thousand dollars.
bureau of medicine and sviwejiy.
For necessary repairs and improvements of
hospitals and appendages, including roads,
wharves, walls, outhouses, sidewalks, fences,
gardens, farms, painting, glazing, blacksmiths',
plumbers', and masons' woik ; for furniture,
thirty thousand dollars.
For pay of the civil establishment under this
bureau, at the several Navy hospitals and navy-
yards, sixty thousand dollars.
marine coups.
For pay of officers, non commissioned offi-
cers, musicians, privates, clerks, messengers,
steward, nurse, aud servants ; for rations and
clothing for officers' servants, additional rations
to officers for five years' service; for undrawn
clothing, one hundred and seventy thousand
dollars.
For provisions, one hundred thousand dol-
lars.
For clothing, one hundred thousand dollars.
For fuel, ten thousand dollars.
For military stores, via.: pay of mechanics;
repair of arms ; purchase of aeeoutermentg ;
ordnance stores, flags, drums, fifes, and other
instruments, five thousand dollars.
For transportation of officers, their servants,
troops, and for expenses of recruiting, twelve
thousand dollars.
For repair of barracks, and for rent of offices
where there are no public buildings, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For contingencies, viz.: freight; ferriage;
toll; cartage; wharfage; purchase and repair
of boats; compensation of judge advocates;
per diem forattendingcourts-martial and courts
of inquiry, and for constant labor; house rent
in lieu of quarters, and commutation for quar-
ters to officers on shipboard ; burial of deceased
marines ; printing, stationery, postage, tele-
graphing; apprehension of deserters ; oil, can-
dles, gas; repairs of gas and water fixtures;
water rent, forage, straw, barrackfurniture; fur-
niture for officers' quarters ; bed sacks, wrap-
ping paper, oilcloth, crash, rope, twine, spades,
shovels, axes, picks, carpenters' tools; keep
of a horse for the messenger; repairs to fire-
engines ; purchase and repair of engine liose ;
purchase of lumber for benches, mess-tables,
bunks; repairs to public carryall; purchase and
repair of harness; purchase and repair of
handcarts and wheelbarrows ; seavengering ;
purchase awl repair of galleys, cooking stoves,
ranges; stoves where there are no grates;
gravel for parade grounds ; repair of pumps ;
furniture for staff and commanding officers'
offices ; brushes, brooms, buckets, paving, and
for other purposes, seventy-five thousand'dol-
lars.
Sec. 2. Aud be it further enacted, That the
number of persons authorized to be enlisted
into the Navy of the United States, including
seamen, ordinary seamen, landsmen, and
mechanics, and including apprentices and boys,
is hereby fixed and established at eight thousand
five hundred, and no more.
Sec. 3. And be il further enacted, That all
unexpended appropriations existing on the first
day of July next, for any of the several heads
of appropriation provided for in this act, shall
be carried to the surplus fuud, unless the same
is necessary to pay expenditures made during
the current fiscal year, or unless the same is
necessary to execute contracts made before
said date.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed in
his next annual estimates of appropriations to
state all the balances of appropriations made
prior to the present session of Congress, for
each branch of the public service, and remain-
ing unexpended on the first day of July next,
and designate the amounts necessary to execute
contracts or pay expenditures properly charge-
able to each of such balances.
Approved, June 17, 18G8.
Ciiaf. LXIX.—An Act to Admit the State of
Arkansas to Representation in Congress.
Whereas the people of Arkansas, in pur-
suance of the provisions of an act entitled "An
act for the more efficient government of the
rebel States," passed March second, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, ard the acts supple-
mentary thereto, have framed and adopted a
constitution of State government, which is
republican, and the Legislature of said State
has duly ratified the amendment of the Consti-
tution of the United States proposed by the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known as article
fourteen: Therefore,
]>e it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United states of America in
Cony reus assembled, That the State of A rkansas
is entitled and admitted to representation ill
