ma
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83d
Mr. HOWE pWBenteiJ a petition of William |
B. Parks, pravius* that $300 paid by him toob- j
tain exemption from draft he refunded; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. I HAYKti presented the petition of
Moses F. Shinn, praying that a patent may be
issued to him for the northeast quarter of sec-
tion sixteen, township fifteeen north, range
thirteen east, Omaha district. Nebraska ; which
was referred to the Committeeon Private Land
Claims.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of Ste-
phen C. Millet, president of the Port Royal
Railroad Company, asking for aid in the con-
struction of that road ; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of Israel S.
Diehl, praying the remission of duties paid on
imported goats; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
PAPERS WITHDRAWS AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Or'Urrd, That the petition and papers in the 0*5«
of Anns E. Bronaugh, on tho files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. NYE, it was
Ordrrtd, That the resolutions of the Legislature of
Nevada in favor of an appropriation for the relief
•f the inhabitant? of Humboldt county, in that State,
•b ike files of the Senate, b« referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution (II. R. No. 79) relative to the purchase
of Hall's carbines, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed bjr the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a motion to print the petition of the regents
and curators of the Kentucky University, pray-
ing compensation for property and medical ap-
paratus destroyed by fire while occupied as an
hospital by United States troops, to report it
back to the Senate and ask to be discharged
from its further consideration. The petition
has been referred to the Committee on Claims,
and if the Committee on Claims desire to have
it printed it is proper for them to make a mo-
tion to that effect.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
memorial of the stockholders and bondholders
of the Central Branch Union Pacific Railroad
Company, praying that Congress construe by
joint resolution the act of July 3, 1866, so that
said road may not be prejudiced, submitted a
report accompanied by a bill (S. No. 256)
relating to the Central Branch Union Pacific
Railroad Company. The bill was read and
passed to the second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Appropriations, to whom was referred a peti-
tion of citizens of Oregon, and of Washington
and Montana Territories, praying an appro-
priation for the construction of a wagon road
from Horse Plains to Cabinett Landing, Mon-
tana Territory, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Territories; which was
agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I more that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
160.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to call up the
joint resolution which was under consideration
during the morning hour on Thursday last.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Oregon is first in order.
Mr. MORGAN. Let us get through with the
morning business.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask leave to introduce a
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Oregon wish his motion pat now ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not wish to interfere
with tbe morning business, but I desire to hare
40th Coxa. 2d Sess.—No. 40.
the bill taken up and tlien I am willing to give
way. It is a bill in reference to a land grant
in Missouri.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will allow
the joint resolution to which I referred to come
up 1 will consent to lay it aside informally in
order to enable him to dispose of his bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It will take but "a few
minutes to pass this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator irom
Oregon, to proceed to the consideration of the
bill (S. No. ICC) for the relief of the owners
of the land within United States survey No.
3,217, in the State of Missouri.
The motiou was agreed to,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am now willing to give
way informally for the introduction of any
morning business. I do not wish to interfere
with that.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. STEWART asked, and hy unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 257) for the relief of Clement T. Rice and
Chauncey M. Noteware, late registef and re-
ceiver at Carson City, Nevada; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
268) to incorporate the National Union Manu-
facturing and Publishing Company of Wash-
ington city, District of Columbia; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 259) to renew the charter and to extend
the boundaries of the city of Washington ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mx. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
260) to prohibit the payment of bounty to de-
serters, and for other purposes ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, aud
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 261)
to grant one million acres of public lands for
the benefit of public schools in the District
of Columbia ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lauds,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 2G2) concerning district judges; which
was read twice by its title, aud referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary,
j Mr. STEWART askad, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 263) to facilitate the administration of
justice ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill {S.
No. 264) for the relief of Henry C. Noyes ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent-
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 2G5)
to increase the salaries of the judges of Utah
Territory; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 266) to regulate the foreign and coasting
trade on the northern, northeastern, and north-
: western frontiers of the United States, and for
other parposes;.which was, read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 91) for the relief of Moses F.
Shinn; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
conscut obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution t S. R. No. DJ i for the relief of Israel
S. Diehl: which was rend twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
VESSELS PURCHASED FOR WAU N^RPOSBS.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by uuauimous con-
sent, and agreed to i
lletolved. That tho Secretary of War furnish the
Somite with the names of vessel! of all kinds pur-
chased by the War Department or any bureau or
officer connected with tliut Department during tho
late wnr of rebellion, the tonnage and amount paid
lor each vessel, the amount of contract price and its
date.
Also tho names of the vessels of all kinds hired or
employed iu the same way aud by the same author-
ity (luring the said war, the tonnage when given, and
when not given the size or description of each, the
value when specified, and when not specified tho
value by estimation, with the amount paid by tho
daj-, month, or other term, with dates for each time.
The price tor which any of the foregoing vessels were
sold by tho Government, giving dates of sale, terms,
and times of payment. And in overy case tho names
of tho party or parties from whom any such vessel
or vessels were purchased or hired, and to whom
they wore sold.
CAPTURED AND ABANDONED PROPERTY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in answer to the resolu-
tion of the Senate of December 9, 1867, call-
ing for information in relation to the action of
that officer in cases of claims for captured and
abandoned property or the proceeds thereof.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the communication
be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the com-
munication, and after some time,
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the usual course
ought to be taken with this communication. I
move, therefore, that it be printed and referred
to the joint select Committee on Retrench-
ment, which has charge of the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know how
long the communication is; but it is in reply
to a resolution offered by me, and I should like
to know what the answer is.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is unusual to read such
long letters, but the practice is to order them
to be printed.
Mr; TRUMBULL. I do not want the docu-
ments read, but I should like to hear the Sec-
\ retary's reply unless it is very voluminous.
I understand from the Clerk it will take only
about five minutes to finish the reading.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I withdraw my
motion for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the communication will be continued.
The Secretary continued and concluded the
reading of the communication, which is as
follows.
Tbsascrv Department, January 16,1868.
Sib : In reply to ji resolution of the Senate, adopted
December 9,1807, T-eqairing certain information in
relation to the action of this Department with refer-
ence to captured and abandoned property, X hare
the honor to report as follows:
That on the 'M of -March, 1867, in reply to a resolu-
tion of the Senate of February 1867, X eommuni-
e&ted a list of parties to whom cotton or its proceeds
had been released or given up, together with a state-
ment of the value and amounts of the same.
A copy of this former communication (benate lux-
ecutive Document, No. 37, Thirty-Isidtil Congress,
second Besaion) is annexed and made a part ot this
communication. ,, ,
This statement was made bp from the books and
records in the Secretary's office, and was believed to
be substantially correct. I have now caused to be
added, in answor to the further inquiry of the pres-
ent resolution, the name of the State in which the
claimant professed to reside. On revision only one
ease is acertained to have been omitted and that by
accident. It is known as the Gibbes' cotton ease, iu
which the property was detained for a time and then
allowed to be shipped, u stated in the accompanying
letter marked U.
It will be observed that the doenment above re-
ferred to reports only releasesof cotton. Releases of
miscellaneous property, other than cotton, have been
small in amount. A list of the cases will be prepared
and forwarded as soon as possible in a supplement-
ary report, this reply having already been unavoid-
ably delay ed too long on account of the resignation ©t
tne Assistant Secretary andof thoheadof the captured
and abandoned property division.
