2010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 20,
I stated^that during the past threeyears there
had been more ships built than ever were built
in three years before in this country, and the
official figures bear me out in that assertion.
The State of Maine during the last three years
which are reported, including in that timeiialf
the last year of the war, built nearly double
as much shipping as she did the three years
prior to the war, including in that period the
last half of the first year of the war.
I simply wished these facts to come out he-
fore the Senate, and I hope that those gentle-
men who have shed tears so profusely over the
suffering of the ship-builders of Maine will dry
their eyes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Perhaps I ought
to say a word in reply to my honorable friend.
I ought to begin b.y expressing my regret that
he should feel called upon to make a personal
explanation, for I supposed at the time that
he was very innocent, as he now declares him-
self to be, in regard to the shipping interests of
the country, and he ought not to feel aggrieved
that he was put right on that subject.
Mr; CHANDLER. On the contrary, I thank
the Senator for having set me right, because I
have no doubt the Senator was at the same
time set right himself. I think he was deceived
at the same time. I am under great obliga-
tions to the Senator.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The point in
the debate was, I believe, not that the Senator
was not innocent, but that he was entirely
ignorant on the subject. If the Senator thinks
he has relieved himself from that difficulty this
morning before the Senate and the country I
shall be equally delighted with him. But he
shows this morning that he is innocent of the
whole subject of the commerce of the country,
particularly of the ship-building interests ofthe
country. It is curious to observe how care-
fully my honorable friend evades the issue
which he raised gratuitously on my State, that
Michigan was the great ship-building State. lie
seems to have lost sight of Michigan this morn-
ing. Michigan is not heard of. He advises the
Senate and instructs the Senate upon the ship-
building interests of Maine, in comparison with
the ship-building interests of the whole coun-
try, and to show that it does not sustain that
relation to the country that the Senator from
Maine ignorantly and innocently supposed it
did. The exhibition he has made shows how
innocent my^honorable friend is in regard to
the entire ship-building interests of the coun-
try: Maine, he says, he shows from the rec-
ords here to have built about one fifth of the
entire tonnage on a comparative view of the
whole shipping interests of the country, or only
a fraction ofthe whole.
I tried to raise a distinction, and I tried to
get the honorable Senator, the other day, to
recognize the distinction which does exist in
that ship-building which is peculiar to Maine,
which relates to the foreign commerce of the
country, the ships that go to sea, the ships that
are connected with th^ foreign commerce of the
country, and carry your flag around the world
ships which I said never were built on the
lakes, and about which Michigan never did
know anything, and never will in the nature of
things. [Laughter.] She has not got the
great ocean on which to send them.
The honorable Senator is innocent of all
these facts; but there they are, and the fact I
have just mentioned is the great fact that char-
acterizes my State. When we talk of Maine as
a ship-building State we mean those great ships
that carry the flag around the world as distin-
guished from those flatboats [laughter] that
float over the St. Clair flats, [renewed laugh-
ter;] raft-boats directed by center-boards.
[Continued laughter.] Those are the ships
that give your nation renown, and those are the
ships I am talking about; but the Senator is
innocent of all that, of course !
Of that kind of commerce it is true we do
build one half, and always have done it until
the war came on. The Senator, in order to
make the disparity great against Maine, inno-
cent, of course, of the whole thing, mingled
together all the boat building, steamboat build-
ing, raft building, &c., all that shipping which
navigates the internal waters ana never sees
the outside; and so he thinks he has made a
case against Maine and made a case against the
Senators, who really do not know what the
ship-building interests of Maine are 1 If the
Senator is satisfied with his exposition I have
no reason to complain.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House further insisted upon its dis-
agreement to the amendments of ihe Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 678) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions
of the United States for the year ending June
30, 1869, further insisted upon by the Senate;
agreed to the second conference asked by the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and appointed Mr. B. F. Bdt-
ler, of Massachusetts, Mr. William Lawrence,
of Ohio, and Mr. A. Gc. Burr, of Illinois, man-
agers at the same on its part.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday is the bill (H.
R. No. 832) making appropriations for the
services of the Post Office Department for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1869.
Mr. HENDERSON. I propose that the
appropriation bill be passed over informally
for the purpose of proceeding with the bill
which the Senate, on my motion, agreed a
short time ago to take up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can
be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the bill of the
Senator from Missouri can receive the consid-
eration of the Senate without debate I shall
be very glad to allow the order of the day to
be laid aside informally, because I agree with
him that the bill which he proposes to take up
is vastly important to the interest which he
represents.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order will be passed over informally if there be
no objection.
revision of the rules.
Mr. ANTHONY. With the assent of the
Senator from Missouri, I wish to call up the
report of the select Committee on the Revision
of the Rules, with a view to fixing a time for
its consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to take up that matter,
another question being pending. The Chair
hears no objection, and the report of the Com-
mittee on the Rules is before the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that it be post-
poned until to-morrow at one o'clock, and
made the special order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
tub navajo indians.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(II. R. No. 733) for the relief of the Navajo
Indians at the Bosque Redondo and to estab-
lish them on a reservation is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole, and the pend-
ing question is on the amendment reported by
the Committee on Indian Affairs, to strike out
all of the bill after the enacting clause and
insert the words which will be read.
The Seoretary read the words proposed to
be inserted, as follows:
That the commission heretofore authorized and
created under the act of July 20,1867, "to establish
peace with certain hostile Indian tribes," is hereby
authorized and directed, as early as practicable, to
conclude a treaty with the Navajo Indians now held
at tho Bosque Kedondo, in the Territory of New
Mexico, against iheir will, providing for the removal
of said Indians to their former home in tho northern
fart of said Territory, or to such other lands in the
ndian territory west of the State of Arkansas as
may be thought best suited to their present condi-
tion and future prosperity, and for the purpose of
carrying out the provisions of this act, and to sub-
sist the Indians during the period of removal, there
is hereby appropriated the sum of £150,000, to be ex-
pended by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, under
the direction and supervision of said commissioners.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$75,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary, be,
and tho same is hereby, appropriated, for tho pur-
pose of enabling saideommission to conclude a peace
with the Sioux Indians of the Powder river, the
northern Cheyennes, and other Indians recently hos-
tile in the western part of Dakota, now beinjr assem-
bled at Fort Laramie, and also meet the Shoshones,
Snakes, Bannocks, and other Indians, on or near the
line of the Union Pacific railroad, and east of the
eastern boundary ofthe Territory of Utah.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the*
amendment by striking out, after the word
"authorized," in the sixth line of the first
section, the words "and directed as early as
practicable," and insert "if on examination
it be thought advisable."
The amendment t© the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. In line seventeen of
the same section, after the word "expended,"
I move to insert the words "if found neces-
sary. ''
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then, after the word
"necessary," in the third line of the second
section, I move to insert the words "to be
expended by the Commissioner in the same
manner as provided in the preceding section."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. In lines nine and ten
of the second section, after the word "rail-
road," I move to strike out the words "and
east of the eastern boundary of the Territory of
Utah."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment ofthe Committee on
Indian Affairs, as amended.
Mr. CONNESS. The proposition which is
contained in the first section of the amend-
ment reported by the committee is:
That the commission heretofore authorized and
created under the aet of July 20,1867, " to establish
peace with certain hostile Indian tribes," is hereby
authorized and directed as early as practicable —
with some slight verbal amendments that have
been made—
to conclude a treaty with the Navajo Indians now
held at the Bosque Itedondo, in the Territory of
New Mexico, against their will.
The commissioners are to conclude a treaty
with Indians now held on a reservation against
their will. That will be a great treaty when it
is madel I thought that a treaty contemplated
first an agreement between two powers, each
of which had some independence ; but this is
changing the matter, and we are to make a
treaty with prisoners of war while they are un-
der duress, as the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Howard] suggests.
But, further, the section declares that the trea-
ty shall provide " for the removal of said Indians
to their former home in the northern part of
said territory, or to such other lands in the In-
dian territory west of the State of Arkansas
as may be thought best suited to their present
condition and future prosperity," and "forthe
purpose of carrying out the provisions of this
act and to subsist the Indians during the period
of removal"—subsisting one party to the treaty
—"there is hereby appropriated the sum of
$150,000, to be expended by the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, under the direction and super-
vision of said commissioners."
Inregard to the other section I shall have
nothing to say; it is a subject upon which I am
not informed ; but in regard to this proposition
I wish to say a few words to the Senate, and
then, if a majority of this body shall see fit to
appropriate $150,000 to make a treaty with
theselndians, held against their will upon a res-
ervation, and to subsist them pending their re-
moval to some other reservation or back to the
scene of their former homes, I at least shall be
satisfied.
Sir, we talk a great deal of economy; but
the money paid in connection with Indian
affairs can hardly be called an investment, not
even for the purposes of peace. It adds noth-
ing to the production of the country. It con-
templates no plan of business according to
which the industries of the country shall pro-
