3084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10?
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Upon that question
I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. HILL, moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence until Monday next was
grouted'to Mr. McCarthy.
Leave of absence for two days was granted
to Mr. Washburjt, of Indiana.
Leave of absence for ten days was granted
to Mr. sltgreaves.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Honter.
elizabeth cavalier.
« Mr. HALSEY obtained leave to withdraw
the papers of Elizabeth Cavalier, now before the
Committee of Claims, leaving copies of them on
file.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired. The House, on the 27th of May,
ordered by unauimous consent that a bill (H.
R. No. 929) to promote American commerce,
reported by thegentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Eliot,] from the Committee on Com-
merce, should be taken up after the morning
hour on this day, the second Wednesday in
June. That bill is now before the House, and
thegentlemanfrom Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]
is entitled to the floor.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gob-
ham, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 601) making
appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 1869.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 176)amend
an act entitled "An act to provide Tor carry-
ing the mails from the United States to foreign
ports, and for other purposes," approved March
"o, 1884, with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
■appropriation for public buildings, etc.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting a communica-
tion from the chief of engineers, with estimate
of funds necessary to supply deficiencies in
the appropriation for public buildings and
grounds for the year ending June 30, 1868;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
navajo and ute indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, transmit-
ting a telegram from Lieutenant General Sher-
man,.relative to the removal of the Navajo and
Ute Indians; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
reports on purchase of alaska.
Mr. LAFLIN reported, from the Committee
on Printing, the following resolution ; on which
he demanded the previous question :
Resolved, That there 1)0 printed for the use of-the
House eight thousand extra copies of the majority
and minority reports on the treaty with Russia; and
lor the use of the State Department two thousand
eopies of part two of Executive Document No. 177.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.'
The latter motion was agreed to.
public building ix new york city.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unauimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, a bill (H. R. No. 1214)
to provide for the erection of a building for a
post office and United States courts in the city
of New York; which was read a first and second
time, recommitted, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am
directed by the committee of conference on
the bill (H. It. No. 001) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1869, to submit a report.
The Clerk read the report, as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 601) making appropriations for tbe
naval service for the year ending Juno 30, I860, hav-
ing met. after fuil and froo cont'cronec have agreed
to recommend, and do rooommend, to their respect-
ive Houses as follows:
That the IIouso recede from their disagreement to
the third, twenty-fourth, twonty-fifth, thirty-sev-
enth, and thirty-eighth amendments ot the Senate,
and agree to the same.
That tho Senate recede from their thirty-fifth and
thirty-sixth amendments.
That the House recede from thoir disagreement to
the eighth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same, with the following amendment:
Strike out all of said amendment and insert in lieu
tho following:
Provided, That tho civil enginocrand naval store-
keeper at tho several navv-yards shall bo appointed
by the President, with the advice and consent of the
Senate, and the persons employed at tho several
navy-yards to superintend the mechanical depart-
ments, and heretofore known as master mechanics,
master carpenters, master joiners, master black-
smiths, master boilcrmakcrs, master sailmaliers,
master plumbers, master painters, master caulkers,
master masons, master boat-makers, master spar-
makers, master blockmakers, master laborers, and
tho superintendents of rope-walks shall be men
skilled in their several duties and appointed from
civil life, and 'shall notbe appointed from the officers
of the Navy.
And the Senate agreo to the same. „„„„„
H. B. WASHBURNE,
N. P. BANKS,
Managers on the part of the Houm.
Tj. M. MOTUULL,
K0SC0E CONKLING,
J. W. NYE.
Manager* on the part of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question on the adoption of the
report.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
recusant witness.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts to yield to me.
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, if it takes no time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think it will take no
time.
Mr. ALLISON. We will hear what it is
first.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I offer tho following
resolution:
Resolved, That tho committee of managers bo
instructed hereby to examine the witness Woolley
immediately, to tho end that if he shall answer as
required by this House the questions for the refusal
to answer which he was adjudged in contempt of this
House he may no longer be deprived of his liberty
as a citizen.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 decline to yield for the
resolution to be offered.
appeals from court of claims.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I ask the gentleman
from Illinois to yield to me for the purpose of
moving to take from the Speaker's table for
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary
Senate bill No. 164, to provide for appeals from
the Court of Claims, and for other purposes. >
Mr. ELIOT. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. BROOKS. I am afraid of that class
of cases iu reference to the courts, for I do not
forget the McCardle case.
Mr. CHURCHILL. It is only for reference-.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is a hill I think that
should go to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Thegentleman cannot be
aware of the character of the bill. It has noth-
ing to do with claims. It only provides for
the appeal of decisions of the Court of Claims
to the Supreme Court of the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not object.
The bill was taken up, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. BROOKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
recusant witness.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask my colleague to yield
to me.
Mr. ELTOT. If it takes no time.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say, for the information of gentlemen on the
other side, that a meeting of the committee
of managers has been called for to-morrow
morning, at which time Mr. Woolley will he
examined.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist that it is_ all
wrong and unjust to keep a man for forty-eight
hours, indeed for three days, in close confine-
ment 
Mr. ELTOT. I do not yield.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I solemnly protest against
this outrage upon the liberty of the citizen.
order of business.
Mr. ELTOT. Mr. Speaker, before I pro-
ceed to discuss the bill before the House I
shall, with ihe leave of the House, make a
statement. Notice has been given of an inten-
tion to make a motion in reference to the_ tax
bill. I suppose it is the desire in some form
or other to have the judgment of the House
whether that bill is to be continued with or
laid over. I have no desire to interfere with
any action in that direction, and if I may have
the right to-morrow, after the morning hour, as
I have it now, the bill of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. O'Neill] to come after the
pending bill, I will yield to that arrangement.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope there will be no
objection to the gentleman's having his bill
iu the same position to-morrow morning that
it is in now. That, of course, will not prevent
my moving to-morrow morning to postpone the
consideration of that bill to another time.
The SPEAKER. The bill reported by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]
having been made a special order by unani-
mous consent, has priority over all other special
orders by usage of the House; but it can be
postponed by a majority vote to a certain time,
having the same right of priority.
Mr. SCHENCK. If it is postponed till to-
morrow morning it will be in the same position
then as it occupies now.
The SPEAKER. It will. After the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts shall have con-
cluded his remarks the Chair will entertain the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
schenck.]
Mr. ELIOT. There 5s a bill reported by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. O'Neill,]
which was ordered to be considered after this.
The SPEAKER. That will be govei ned by
the position of this bill as an appendage thereto.
It will be subject to the same order.
Mr. SPALDING. There are two short appro-
priation bills which it is very necessary the
House should consider. I would be glad to be
permitted to have them taken up and acted
upon. They will not both of them occupy an
hour.
The SPEAKER. The motion to go into
Committee of the Whole would have priority,
