1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2011
ceed to realize. _ In this connection I will say
simply and briefly that a few years since
General Carleton, in connection, I believe, with
Kit Carson and the troops commanded by the
general, said that he captured the entire Navajo
tribe of Indians, and it was conceded so far
that they were permitted to be removed to a
reservation which was after due deliberation
selected for their use on the Pecos river, what
is now called the Bosque Redondo. There they
have been kept ever since, subsisted by the
Government, and to all intents and purposes
that has been a reservation for them ; nay, it
has been lawfully sot apart as an Indian reser-
vation for their use and benefit; and I believe
that we have even appropriated, my recollec-
tion is, in one item, $100,000, I think about
two years since, to quiet the title to the Bosque
Redondo reservation. We allowed certain
persons to float a claim from there somewhere
else—if I recollect aright, about to where they
pleased—and confirmed that. It was only
toward the close of the Thirty-Ninth Congress
that the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doo-
little,] who was then chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, reported a bill for
$1,500,000 to subsist these Indians at the
Bosque Redondo; and the Senate will remem-
ber that there was a considerable debate on
the subject and that the appropriation was
finally very largely cut down, and I believe
they have gotten along about as well as if the
$1,500,000 had been expended.
At that time there was a very general dis-
cussion, and it was developed in the course of
that discussion that these Indians were not
altogether a warlike tribe, but, on the con-
trary, the most highly civilized tribe of all the
Indians of North America; that when they
were disturbed and said to have been cap-
tured by our Army they were engaged in the
manufacture of blankets of a superior charac-
ter and various articles which they themselves
used and even marketed and sold; that they
produced largely from the earth; but in one
of those moments of martial pride and antici-
pated glory our commanders went out against
these Indians and captured them and gathered
them together and put them upon the Bosque
ltedondo, and fed them there at immense ex-
pense to the Government, nobody being profited
thereby, perhaps, but those contractors who
furnished supplies to the commissary and
quartermaster's departments of the Army in
that direction. Now, the proposition con-
tained in the section which I have read is to
make a treaty with these Indians, these pris-
oners. Why make a treaty with them ? It is
confessed in the section that they are there
against their will? Why not keep them their
against their will? Or, if they are to be sent
elsewhere, why not send them elsewhere against
their will? If their will does not amount to
anything why make a treaty for the purpose
of compromising with it? If it has not exist-
ence why recognize it? I undertake to say
that in the whole history of Indian affairs there
is, perhaps, no such proposition as this, that
a tribe of Indians captured and for many years
past held and fed shall be negotiated with,
erected into an independent power, a treaty
power, a treaty made with them with all grav-
ity and solemnity—one of those remarkable
documents known as Indian treaties—and the
doors of the Senate shall be closed and the
galleries shall be cleared pending its consid-
eration, for why not? Why shall not all this
solemnity and gravity be observed? Why shall
anybody be allowed to know the mere consid-
erations that shall enter into a treaty made
with a tribe of Indians now held at the Bosque
Redondo against their will? Why shall the
penetration of the public be allowed_ to be let
in upon such a document pending its consid-
eration by the Senate of the United States?
But after the treaty shall be made your
Secretary of the Treasury is to disburse to the
extent of $150,000—for what? To pay for mak-
ing the treaty first, and next for still subject-
ing the will of these Indians and removing
them elsewhere. Where? Back, as this sec-
tion provides, to their former home in the
northern part of the Territory of New Mexico,
" or to such other lands in the Indian Territory
west of the State of Arkansas as may be thought
best suited to their present condition and
future prosperity.'' How far will $150,000 go ?
The estimate is that there are seven thousand
of these Indians. How far will it remove and
subsist them to the Indian Territory west of
Arkansas ? Or what is to be done with it after
they are sent back to theirformer homes? And
when it is expended what shall be done fur-
ther? Half a million next, and then another
half million, and then a million and a half to
subsist these Indians somewhere against their
will? You have got them on a reservation
now against their will. You took them from
their former homes and it cost $1,000,000 to
take them and subsist them on the Bosque
Redondo on the Pecos river; and now they
are to be taken from the Bosque Redondo on
the Pecos river to their former homes whence
they came and whence they were taken by the
prowess of your commanders and your Army,
or they are to be taken west of Arkansas and
held somewhere else against their will.
Mr. President, I have said nothing, and
I shall say nothing, against the wisdom, good
judgment, and patriotism, and the high char-
acter of the Indian commission spoken of
here. I have no doubt that they brought their
best judgment to bear upon the propositions
that were put before them last year when
they went to the^Indian country ; and I shall
continue to have the opinion that they did
until the contrary is shown. Far be it from
me to cast one single reflection upon them.
Nay, sir, to the extent that they put an end
to what was probaBly a foolish war with the
Indian tribes, certainly a very unwise one, and
have saved the public moneys, they are en-
titled to all consideration; and none concede
it more readily than I do. But I take it that
if this commission had visited the Bosque
Redondo, had made themselves acquainted
with the exact facts in this case, before they
undertook to deal with this proposition, they
would at least have some plan ; it would not
be as ill-defined as is contained in this section ;
it would not simply propose that we should
enter into a treaty with persons who. are now
within our grasp, subject to our will; who are
there against th^ir will, having no will, but in
our power and subject to our control; and that
it would not further be proposed to spend
$150,000 to take them somewhere or nowhere,
and subsist them while being taken; and then
what further? Nothing ; nothing.
Mr. President, I have simply alluded to a few
historical facts connected with our dealings with
this tribe of Navajo Indians. I might have
stated an additional fact, and I will do so briefly
before I take my seat. When we captured
this tribe, or when our armies did the valiant
thing of capturing this tribe, they brought in
principally the women and children, but they
did not bring in the warriors. They were left
on their native heath, to make war or not as
they saw fit in the future. How many of those
warriors have since come in, and how many
of them will be parties to this treaty, if made,
when made, I do not know. I can hardly think
it is contemplated to make a treaty with the
women and children; but it is contemplated
and provided that the treaty shall be made with
the Indians, without stating their age or sex,
who are held at the Bosque Redondo against
their will.
Now, sir, if the honorable Senator, the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs, who
has this bill in charge, will agree to pass over
this first section, leave it subject to further in-
quiry, and pass the second section, which I
doubt not contains a wise provision, I shall be
content at present, and 1 think the Senate will
do a wise thing. I do not think we can pass
the first section recommended by the commit-
tee without acting in the dark, and risking an
enormous outlay of money, present and pros-
pective. Of course I have no disposition, can
have none, but that we shall act wisely and well
with the Indians and with the public money;
but I have felt it my duty to present these views
to the Senate, and having done so*, I shall sim-
ply content myself by voting upon the prppo-
sition.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
first section of the amendment, in line seven, by
striking out the word "held" after the word
"now," against which gentlemen make so
much complaint.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all. They are held.
Mr. HENDERSON. I insist upon it; and
also that the words "against their will," in the
eighth and ninth lines of the same section, be
stricken out.
Mr. CONNESS. There is no occasion for
that.
Mr. HOWARD. Why strike out those words?
Is it not the fact that they are held there as
prisoners of war?
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir; they were
turned over to the Interior Department last
year by the appropriation bill, because the
military refused longer to support them and
issue them rations; so that they are not now
prisoners of war. The expression gives offense,
and I do not wish to retain words that give
offense, because I am too kind-hearted to use
words which offend gentlemen.
Mr. HOWARD. Are they not prisoners of
war now ?
Mr. HENDERSON. They were until they
were turned over by the appropriation bill of
the last Congress to the Interior Department.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to inquire of the
Senator, if he will allow me, whether they are
free to conduct themselves according -to their
own ideas or not ?
Mr. HENDERSON. They want to go back,
I understand.
Mr. HOWARD. Can they go back?
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand the mili-
tary authorities object.
Mr. HOWARD. What right have the mili-
tary authorities to object to their returning ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know. I do
not know why they got up a war last year that
cost $18,000,000. I cannot tell the Senator.
Mr. CONNESS. I remind the Senator that
there was no war with these Indians.
Mr. HENDERSON.' I do not know why
they got up a war in Colorado in 18G4 which
cost us $27,000,000; but they did. I move to
strike out those words.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on striking out the words mentioned by
the Senator from Missouri in the first section
of the amendment reported by the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON._ Mr. President, I am
not going to discuss this bill; I do not desire
to take up the time of the Senate. You ap-
pointed a commission by the passage of a law
at the last session, consisting of General Sher-
man, General Terry, General Harney, Mr.
Taylor, the commissioner of Indian affairs, Mr.
Tappan, General Sanborn, and myself. We
spent the entire time from the adjournment of
Congress up to the time that we met at this
session. I was not able to get back at the
November session of Congress on account of
business connected with this matter. I went
in accordance with the wishes of Congress. I
think we have saved to the Government from
fifteen to thirty million dollars. That is the
opinion of the eutire body of the commission.
We did the best we could. After returning
here, having examined into these matters, a
resolution was passed unanimously by this
commission requesting me to bring this subject
immediately before Congress.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator if the commission visited this partic-
ular reservation.
Mr. HENDERSON. We did not. We
would have visited it and would have made a
treaty but for this fact: if you will turn to the
act of last July it will be discovered that we
did not have authority to do so. We were
requested to make treaties only with hostile
