lsea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
4059
fifth page of the report it will be seen that the
number of pupils maintained and educated in
this institution since 1858 has been as follows:
1853  17 pupils
1850   18 "
1*60  20
1881  25
18S>  24
18fi3   W
]8!>1  24 "
]86o  '
1866  22 "
1867 -_2o
Total  226 "
Mr. WELKER. Can the gentleman state
how many of those pupils were actually resi-
dents of the District of Columbia?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
state the exact number ; but the gentleman will
find on examination that the education of these
pupils have cost us $7,200 apiece.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would like to ask the
gentleman, in this connection, whether these
are all indigent pupils ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They are
pupils of this institution, I presume, in accord-
ance with the terms of the law. I know nothing
to the contrary.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is any difference noted
in the report between those who are indigent
and those who are able to pay for their own
support?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
there is not. The law is very loose on that
subject.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is it not to be presumed
that a portion of these pupils are abundantly
able to pay the expenses of their support and
education ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It maybe
so; but I am assuming, for the purposes of the
present argument, that they are all indigent;
and I say there can be nothing to justify us in
voting away this vast sum of money to build
up a private corporation here in the District
x>f Columbia. I say it is a private corporation.
We have no control over it; we have no part
in its direction. Will any gentleman on this
floor sny that the education of these pupils
from the various parts of the country is a
proper subject for these expenditures by Con-
gress?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to ask the gentleman a question. Are not the
accounts of this institution annually settled at
the Interior Department, and have they not
been ever since the institution came under the
patronage of the Government?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The ac-
counts have all to go to the Treasury Depart-
ment; but there is no control there over those
accounts. I have taken pains to obtain from
that Department a copy of the accounts, that
the House might see where "the money of their
constituents is going. Now, sir, here it is. 1
said there was no control over the superin-
tendent, and I have the estimate here. It
seems he paid $4,500 for an architect. There
are many other items of that kind. There is
a large amount for traveling expenses, for
express hire, for garden seeds, for kitchen
utensils, for furniture, for farming tools, for
lounges, for carts, for rockaways, and so on.
Every sort of thing is purchased by the super-
intendent out of the appropriations we make.
Mr. LOGAN. Are the appropriations the
only things by which he is controlled ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If my col-
league will go back he will see that the law of
1857 has been amended by subsequent laws
which are set out in the first part of the report.
Mr. LOGAN. Is there any authority other
than that for any appropriation of Congress?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If my col-
league will look lie will see all the statutes set
out, and they will show him the full authority.
Mr. LOGAN. I have examined that. I do
not know whether there is any authority other
than the sums appropriated from year to year
for these purposes.
Mr. 'WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Nothing
butt mere appropriations, and they are unlim-
ited ; and, sir, it shows us how the people of
the District of Columbia can come here and
button-hole members and get appropriations
to these vast amounts for themselves. This
minority report was concurred in by the distin-
guished gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butt.er,] the distinguished gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Beamax,] not now here, and
the distinguished gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Blaine.] The report
" Taking this.amount, from the total amount appro-
priated, $325,860 38, leaves $207,009 38, which the
Government has invested in buildings, grounds, im-
provements, lea., which is about two thirds of the
whole amount, and for which it has nothing to show,
and over which it has no control, the institution
being, as has been shown, oneof a private character.
The question now is, What shall be done under the
circumstances? It is evident that Congress would
not fee justified in making any further appropria-
tions for this institution, unless it shall become a
Governmentinstitution, with the property all trans-
ferred to the Government, and the institution to be
managed and controlled by the Government. Even
that is not now recommended, as it would devolve
upon the Government a vastly greater expense than
it would cost to educate all the deaf and dumbof the
District at the very best institution in the country."
Here is a great abuse. Year after year we
have been making these appropriations for
putting up these buildings and saddling these
great expenses upon the Government. Now,
the question is, What shall we do ? I propose,
and I think the minority of the committee agree
with-me, that we shall make no further appro-
priation for this institution. It is our duty to
take care of these deaf mutes, but. let us do it
by adopting the amendment I have proposed,
and make an appropriation of a sufficient sum
to educate them in one of the best institutions
of the country. I took the pains to ascertain
the cost of educating these pupils in institu-
tions in the States, and what do you suppose it
is as compared with what we are paying here?
In Pennsylvania it is $240, in New York $223,
and in Ohio $220. I say, therefore, let us ap-
propriate the money and let these pupils be
educated in some of these institutions, and in-
stead of saddling our constituents with $50,000
a year to keep up this man's establishment,
we can do all that humanity and duty require
of us for less than $7,000 a year.
Now, sir, I think every member upon this
floor, when he comes to look upon the con-
tributions we have made for charitable insti-
tutions in this District—and I would make all
we are called upon to make as humane men—
will agree that we should have some control of
these charities. I wish, therefore, to call atten-
tion to the amendment I have pending, and to
see whether every member of the House will not
agree with me that it should pass, my distin-
guished friend from Ohio[Mr,SPALDixG] among
the number. If we are to appropriate so much
for the Deaf and Dumb Asylum, for the Prov-
idence Hospital, and so much for the Lying-
in-Hospital in the District, then I say we should
have some control over the expenditure of the
money. I trust my friend will agree to my
amendment which provides in the first section
that the Secretary of the Interior, the chief
justice of the supreme court of the District of
Columbia, the Surgeon General of the Army,
thechief of the Bureau of Medical Surgery of
the Navy, and the chief engineer of the Army,
shall constitute a commission, which shall be
known and designated as the " Commission
of Charities for the Distriet of Columbia."
The second section provides that the said
commission shall organize immediately upon
the passage of this act, and the Secretary of
the Interior shall be the president thereof, and
he shall designate as secretary of said com-
mission a clerk of his Department who is of
the fourth class, and who shall keep a record
of all the proceedings and transactions of the
said commission.
Now, let me ask what objection any gentle-
man can have to this provision of my amend-
ment?
That the said commission shall have the full con-
trot and direction of alt the appropriations made by
Congress to the chantablo institutions of the said
Distriet of Columbia, and of all such appropriations
as m.-tv be made tor the purposes of charity in the
said Distriet, and shall have tho power of visitation
and examination of all the institutions in the said
District to the support of which appropriations shall
be made by Congress. No money shall be drawn
from the appropriations made to the charitable
institutions of the District or for the purposes of
charity in said District, except upon.the requisition
of the president of the commission, made upon an
order of the commission, duly entered in the journal
of their proceedings, and all the accounts ot the said
commission shall be auditedby the First Auditor of
the Treasury. And it is heret>y provided that the
provisions of this act shall not be deemed to inclade
the Government Hospital for the Insane in the Bis-
trict of Columbia.
Then I further propose by my amendment:
That no money shall be expended for the Columbia
Institution forthe Deaf and Dumb, for the Columbia
Hospital for Women and Lying-in Asylum, and for
the Providence Hospital, until the title to the prop-
erty, real and personal, of such institutions shall be
transferred to the United States by conveyances,
certified as being valid by the Attorney General of
theUnited States, and conveying all the right, title,
and interest of the said institutions io the property
conveyed.
Now, I ask gentlemen, is it right for us to
go on constructing these buildings upon prop-
erty which does not belong-to the United States
but to private parties? If we are to make
these large donations is it not just and proper,
ay, imperatively demanded by every consider-
ation of public justice, that this Government
should have the title to the property.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Allow
me to ask the gentleman whether he would not
be content with one half the total amount paid
by Congress ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Congress
is paying all the money and constructing all
the buildings, and I insist that this Govern-
ment should have the title. At any rate I will
not consent to put up buildings on land belong-
ing to individuals unless we shall have some
control over them. Now, I propose further
in my amendment:
That it shall be the duty of the said commission to
make a full report to Congress, at the December ses-
sion of each year, of all its transactions and of all
the expenditures made under its direction, together
with a statement of the condition of the charitable
institutions of the District for which appropriation
shall have been previously made and which shall
have been expended under its direction.
I ask my friend from Ohio [Mr. Sfaldi>.~g]
if he will not agree to that, so that we may have
some control over these institutions. Then,
if the House will pass my other amendment,
and appropriate enough money to educate
every one of these pupils in one of the best
asylums of the country, we shall then have
cured a great abuse and accomplished a great
work. 1 call attention to the fact that my
amendment has nothing to do whatever with
the amounts we have appropriated, but it pro-
vides that when appropriations are thus made
we shall have somebody to overlook and con-
trol the expenditure. Is it right that you should
put $300,000 into the hands of a man here to
disburse with only a bond of $3,000 a year.
I trust the House will adopt both my amend-
ments, so that we may have some control over
this matter.
Now, look at what the bill before us pro-
poses. First, an appropriation of S3.000.
Then for continuing work upon the building
in accordance with plans heretofore submitted
—how much? Forty-eight thousand dollars.
All for this private building. Then 'there is a
provision—
That no part of the real or personal property shall
be devotedto any other purpose than the education
of the deaf and dumb, nor shall any portion of the
real estate be aliened, sold, or conveyed except
under the authority ot a special act of Congress.
That is not what we want. If we are build-
ing upon this real estate we want the title to
the property ; we want control of the institu-
tion. All the private subscriptions to that
land amount to only 816,000, as I have shown,
and yet we have paid But $325,000, and now
we are asked to pay $51,000 more.
Mr. DELANO. I understand there is another
appropriation of $80,000 for construction and
I improvement.
j Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is only
| carrying out what we have commenced and
: what has been going on from year to year. If
I we pass this appropriation this year we will
