2012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MartiliU,
tribes. The question being submitted to me,
I gave it as my opinion that we could not
legally conclude a treaty with Indians who had
bfeen turned over by an act of Congress last
year to the civil authorities; that we should be
transcending our duties as defined by that act;
otherwise we should have gone to the Bosque
Redondo and made this arrangement.
Now, Mr. President, it is my duty to state
to the Senate right here that I am, by the
unanimous vote of the Committee on Indian
Affairs of this body, instructed, when the ap-
propriation bill comes up, to offer an amend-
ment to that bill appropriating $500,000 to
support these identical Indians for the coming
year.
Mr. CONNESS. Where they are to be sent?
Mr. HENDERSON. On the Bosque Re-
dondo, the Senator will understand, provided
they remain there. I have that instruction by
the unanimous vote of the committee. We
have examined into the facts. We find that
it is necessary to make the appropriation, and
why? Mr. President, these Navajo Indians
are there at a place where it is impossible to
succeed with any sort of agricultural pursuit,
and it is for the Senate to determine whether
they shall be kept there at the public expense
■ or whether they shall go to some place where
they can support themselves.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator will allow
me to ask him, in this connection, whether, if
they be removed, they will not also have to be
subsisted at the same expense anywhere else
that they are sent?
Mr. HENDERSON. Surely not. They are
upon a place now, I will state to the Senator,
where they have to pack wood upon their backs
and carry it for ten miles. The Senator knows
perfectly well that there- is no wood within ten
miles of where they are. There is no timber
there. It is of all places upon the earth, I
suppose, from all the understanding I have on
the subject, the most infamous. That is the
information received by the commission.
I will state another fact in this connection,
and I dislike very much to state it. The Sen-
ate ought to understand that a great many per-
sons are said to be in favor of the Indians re-
maining at the Bosque Redondo because it is
a private land grant. The owners of that grant
insist that the Indians shall remain there, and
that the Government of the United States shall
appropriate $500,000 to pay them for the title.
I understand such to be the fact. I have not
investigated it. It is perfectly clear that this
reservation is upon a private land grant, a
Spanish land grant; and if .we keep them there
we must pay the owners for that tract of land.
Now the question arises whether the Govern-
ment will retain them there or not. This section
provides that the commission shall examine
into the subject, and they will not remove them
unless it be thought advisable so to do. If they,
upon an examination, come to the conclusion
that the Navajo Indians cannot properly sus-
tain themselves there, of course they will make
arrangements to remove them.
But the Senator asks: "Will you make a
treaty with Indians ?" Last year I was opposed
to making any more Indian treaties, but I am
now a convert to the contrary doctrine. I
went and examined for myself, and I am now
satisfied that by a talk with the Indians, by an
agreement, by calling them together in council
and treating them with kindness and with some
consideration, we can avoid difficulties that
would otherwise cost the Government millions
of dollars; that you can do more with a wild
Indian by treating him kindly and by agreeing
to a treaty of peace, as he calls it, than you
can by fighting him for years and years; that
is, by an expenditure of $10,000 in that way,
I undertake to say, you can avoid a war with
an Indian tribe that will cost the Government
millions. Therefore I have changed my mind
on that subject. I freely admit it; and I am
now a convert to the doctrine of making trea-
ties, even if it 15'e to please the Indians for the
time being, and to prevent their going to war.
The Senator will admit that that policy has
We
succeeded. It did succeed last year,
stopped the Cheyennes from a war.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator is not repre-
senting what I said fully. I suppose he does
not mean to misrepresent me.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly not.
Mr. CONNESS. I spoke of the farce of
making a treaty with parties held against their
will and now in our possession ; but I was care-
ful to say that I had nothing whatever of objec-
tion to make to the second section, nor to any
other part of what the Indian commission did.
Mr. HENDERSON. As I said when I rose,
I shall not take up time, because I intend to
introduce a bill in the course of a short time
that will exercise all the talent of my friend
from California and other gentlemen who de-
sire to speak on the general policy controlling
our relations with the Indians. I shall bring
in a bill here that will open up the field of de-
bate largely and extensively, indeed; and I hope
we shall not undertake to discuss the pntire
question of Indian affairs on a little bill of this
character.
The Senator complains of an appropriation
of $150,000. Suppose the commission, upon
examination, come to the conclusion that it is
best to remove these Indians ; they will need
something, will they not ? I do not ask for
$500,000, as I have been instructed by the com-
mittee to do, upon a full view of this whole sub-
ject; I am not now urging that, and I hope I
may not be compelled to urge it; because, if
Senators will believe me, I do desire to curtail
the expenses of this Government; and instead
of expending $4,000,000 or $5,000,000 annually
on Indian affairs, I hope, in the course of a
year or two, to adopt a course of policy that
will reduce it to $1,500,000 or $2,000,000.
Such a thing is possible. It may be done ; it
ought to be done. We ought to make the In-
dians self-sustaining. We cannot make them
self-sustaining when we put them upon a barren
waste where they cannot possibly sustain them-
selves.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire
what number of Navajo Indians there are at
this reservation ?
Mr. HENDERSON. At the Bosque Re-
dondo between seven thousand and seven
thousand five hundred. I do not know that it
will be necessary to make any of this expend-
iture. We are expending, aifd have expended
from 18G2 up to the present time, no less than
from fifteen to thirty thousand dollars annually
in wars with the Indians. The question is
whether we shall stop that and adopt some
other course of policy. If you have not a
good commission here appoint another one.
I shall not bo with it; it is utterly impossible
for me to be along. I should bo very glad to
be with them, but I cannot. You have Gen-
eral Sherman, General Terry, General Har-
ney, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Tappan, and General
Sanborn. Can you get better men in order to
determine whether it is advisable to remove
these Indians? If so, I hope my friend from
California will suggest some other names. If
you have confidence in these gentlemen, if you
believe they are worthy and will not load ytfu
f stray in their recommendations, why not en-
able them to go there and see what ought to be
done? Can any harm come of it? If they do
not remove the Jndians they will not expend
the money. I suppose these gentlemen will
not steal the $150,000. Senators do not anti-
cipate anything of that sort. I think I can
vouch for the honesty of all these gentlemen.
Then what harm will it be? We know we
have expended $750,000 annually for the sup-
port of these Indians where they are. How
long is this to continue? We have already
concluded a treaty with the Cherokee Indians
enabling us to buy land at thirty cents an acre
from the Cherokees, and bring any Indians we
choose upon those lands. If we can get a res-
ervation out of the Cherokee lands by paying
to the credit of the Cherokees thirty cents an
acre why should we not do it, if we can put
these Indians upon lands in the Cherokee
country on which they can sustain themselves?
But the Senator asks "After you remove
them how much more shall we have to appro-
priate ?'' I do not know; I cannot tell. I
promise the Senator that as long as I am con-
nected with the committee I will keep ex-
penditures down as much as I can. I will
try to keep everybody, if I possibly Can, from
the President' down to the lowest agent con-
nected with Indian affairs, froip; stealing. I
will do all that I possibly can in that direction.
I have done all that I could so far. I may not
have succeeded ; I do not think I have fully
succeeded; but I shall do the. best I can in
that direction.
Mr. GRIMES. How much is appropriated
for the removal of these Indians?
Mr. HENDERSON. One hundred and
fifty thousand dollars ; but it is not necessarily
to be expended. If they remove the Indians it
is to be expended. If they do not remove
them, of course there will be no expenditure,
or but a very small expenditure for theexpenses
of getting there to make the examination. I
assure the Senator that if these Indians remain
where they are our expenditure will be
$1,000,000 next year.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will allow
me to ask him, a question. I wish to ascertain
the distance between the place where the Na-
vajoes now are and the place to which they are
to be removed, so as to make a reasonable
guess, at least, at the probable cost of the oper-
ation. I do not know the geography of the
country well enough to be able to do so.
Mr. HENDERSON. If they are removed
back to their old homes the distance will be
about two hundred and fifty miles.* If it be
thought best to remove them to the Cherokee
country I suppose the distance will be between
three and four hundred miles.
Mr. HOWARD. The bill proposes to re-
move them to their former home.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator will find
that is not the case.
Mr. HOWARD. It so reads in the amend-
ment.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator will find
that that is not the case.
Mr. CONNESS. It is ia the alternative.
_ Mr. HENDERSON. It will be left purely
discretionary with the commission. Now, Mr.
President, in my opinion, this thing ought to
be done. If Senators desire to vote it down,
let them vote it down. I surely am not very
particular about it. But I give you warning
that I am already instructed by the committee
to offer an amendment to the Indian appropri-
ation bill appropriating $500,000 for the Nava-
joes upon the Bosque Redondo. Sir, we are
bound to make the provision proposed in this
bill; there is no way of avoiding it unless we
turn our backs and say, "We will keep these
Indians at the Bosque Redondo although they
desire to go back to their old homes, or to go
somewhere where they can farm." You must
either do that or admit before the civilized
world that we are cruel in a degree that will be
disgraceful to the people of this country.
A word now in relation to the second sec-
tion. Wo asked the Sioux' Indians on the
Powder river, where they have been for some
time in consequence of the building of the
forts by General Pope that were spoken of by
my friend from Maine [Mr. MoiirihJ last
year, to meet us at Port Laramie. They have
remained at peace ever since we sent messen-
gers among them last. fall. They have not
committed any depredations. They are now
at Fort Laramie, and I desire these peace com-
missioners to meet them and conclude a treaty
of peace with them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator what the commission is to do with the
$75,000 appropriated in the second section?
I understand they are persons in the employ
of the Government at this time, and paid;
some of them at any rate. With what view is
this $75,000 appropriated?
Mr. HENDERSON. If the Senator will
observe the second section he will see that it
is not ouly to meet the Sioux Indians at-Fcrt
