THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June lOl
of entering or visiting which money, fee, or reward
is demanded or received, shall, when such money, fee,
or reward demanded or received for each adult person
docs not exceed the sum of twenty-five cents each,
pay a special tax therefor of fifty dollarsand when
such money, fee, or reward exceeds twenty-five cents,
$100: Provided, That school exhibitions, readings,
lectures, art exhibitions not moved from place to
place, agricultural or horticultural exhibitions, or
fairs for the benefit of any benevolent enterprise, or
sanitary, charitable, or religious association, and
fairs and exhibitions of any incorporated mechan-
ical or scientific associations, shall not bo required
to pay a special tax.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
Jugglers shall each pay twenty-five dollars. Every
person who, for pay, gives exhibitions of tricks by
sleight-of-hand, or who, as an astrologer or fortune-
teller, pretends to foretell future events, shall be
regarded as a juggler. Every juggler who goes from
place to placc giving his exhibitions, or performing
assuch, shall be required to produce the receipt for
hie special tax on demand of the proper assessor or
assistant assessor, and shall be liable to the same
penalties for any violation of the law as are provided
^gainst proprietors of circuses or menageries in like
oases.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to amend this par-
agraph by inserting after the words " pretends
to foretell future events," the words "or who-
ever for pay claims to act as a spiritual medium,
or gives sittings or exhibitions in conjunction
therewith." There is a very large number of
persons who are undoubtedly honest believers
in spiritual communications. There is another
large class of persons who do not honestly so
believe, but who claim to do so, and give exhi-
bitions. and pretend to give information derived
from the spirits. They now constitute sub-
stantially the only class of fortune-tellers or
jugglers that we have. I propose that they
shall be included in the class of jugglers to be
taxed. I do not suppose the amendment will
meet with any opposition.
Mr. MULLINS. I suppose the gentleman
does not intend to embrace in this class those
who are spiritually commissioned from above
and specially enlightened to preach the gospel
as ministers?
Mr. BUTLER. Oh, no.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment of Mr. Butler; and upon a
division there were—ayes 36, noes 29 ; no
quorum voting.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
have this amendment regarded as adopted in
order to have a vote taken upon it in the
House.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to the amend-
ment being adopted here.
Mr. HAIIDING. 1 hope it will be rejected.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butlek and
Mr. Rauji were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 45, noes 51.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next paragraph was read, as follows :
Proprietors of bowling-alleys and billiard-rooms
shall pay ten dollarsfor each alley or table. Every
place or bui'ding where bowls are thrown or billiards
played, and open Co tho public, with or without price,
shall be regarded as a bowling-alley or billiard-room
respectively.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to move an amend-
ment to this paragraph, to strike out "ten"
and insert " twenty-five;" so that the clause
will read:
Proprietors of bowling-alleys and billiard-rooms
shall pay twenty-five dollars for each alley or table.
I notice by this bill that manufacturers of
billiard-tables are required to pay a tax of
twenty-five dollars, if their annual sales amount
to $1,000. Now, I believe the profits from a
bowling-alley or a billiard-table are very much
larger than the profits upon $1,000 worth of
these articles sold by the manufacturers. I
think this amendment should be adopted.
Mr. ALLISON. It will be observed that
we propose to charge a tax of ten dollars on
each alley or billiard-table. I think that is a
pretty liberal tax, and I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment of Mr. Lynch ; and, upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 42, noes 39 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Lynch and
Mr. Allisox were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 53, noes 43.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BURR. I move to amend this para-
graph by adding to it the following:
Provided, That persons keeping billiard-tables in
their residences, and using or permitting the same
to bo used without charge for the use thereof, shall be
taxed only ten dollars on each table so kept.
This paragraph as it now stands is perhaps
of doubtful construction. Many persons keep
billiard-tables in their private houses for their
own amusement and gratification and that of
their friends. Now, I want to guard against
charging them the same amount that is charged
against persons who keep tables as a matter
of speculation, and for that purpose I have
offered this amendment, for I think it is right.
I am in favor of increasing the tax on tables
kept for speculation ; but I do not think the
tax should be imposed upon tables'kept merely
for purposes of recreation or "amusement. I
suppose the answer will be that it is not in-
tended to tax tables kept by persons in their
private residences merely for amusement,
because the words of this paragraph are " open
to the public." But who shall say, if a dozen
friends meet at the house of a gentleman who
has one or more billiard-tables, and ho opens
the room to them, that it will not be held that
he opens them to the public?
Mr. ALLISON". We have elsewhere pro-
vided that a tax of ten dollars shall be paid on
a table not kept for hire, so that the amendment
of the gentleman is not necessary.
Mr. BURR. Where is that provision?
Mr. ALLISON. On page 172, line thirty-
three.
Mr. BURR. It will do no harm to add my
amendment here to explain language which,
as it stands, is indefinite.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BENTON. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the paragraph the following:
Provided, That no tax shall be required in case of
bowhng-a.Ieys furnished without charge by keepers
of hotels for tho uso of their guests.
Mr. Chairman, I know that in many hotels
bowling-alleys are provided without charge
for the recreation of the guests. This is
especially so among the mountains, where the
hotels during the summer are largely pat-
ronized by people from all parts of the coun-
try. Bowling-alleys are provided that the
guests may have exercise and amusement in
this proper and reasonable way; and so far as
my knowledge extends, no charge is made for
the use of those alleys. To require the keepers
of such hotels to pay a tax on the bowling-
alleys thus provided without charge strikes
me as unreasonable and outrageous. The case
is very different in regard to billiard-saloons
kept for profit in our cities and towns, because
in them our lads and young men are educated
to habits of indolence and frivolity which are
injurious to the community. But it is very
reasonable and necessary that tho guests pat-
ronizing our large hotels among the mount-
ains and in other places of summer resort
should have an opportunity to indulge in
healthful exercise and recreation; and the
hotel-keepers, so far as I am aware, provide
bowling-alleys for this purpose without making
any charge for their use.
Mr. LYNCH. Does not the gentleman
know that in all these places of summer resort
the proprietors charge exorbitant prices for
the use of their bowling-alleys, as well as for
everything else—much more than is charged in
our ordinary hotels?
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Chairman, I do not
know any such thing; nor do I believe that
such is the fact. My knowledge is directly to
the contrary. So far as I have been able to
ascertain, the guests of the hotels at our places
of summer resort are allowed to use the bowl-
ing-alleys without a single cent of charge.
• The gentleman talks about the "exorb?tari|
charges" of' our hotel-keepers among (lie
mountains. Why, sir, considering the disad-
vantages and inconveniences nnder which they
labor in furnishing their guests with the neces-
saries and comforts and luxuries of life, I say;
that they are most reasonable in their charges,
though of course they must charge more than
the keepers of hotels in large cities where there
are abundant facilities for obtaining everything
needed for supplying guests. When the gentle-
man undertakes to say that these hotel-keepers
in the mountains exact exorbitant rates, he
makes a charge which, in my judgment, is
unjust and untrue.
Mr. LYNCH. I can only say that the gen-
tleman's experience must have been entirely
different from mine.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, I hope that
the amendment of the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Beaton] will not be adopted.
He voted just now to increase this tax totwenty-
fivo dollars on each bowling-alley; and I, for
one, am not in favor of exempting the hotels
that may happen to bo on the mountains of
New Hampshire, while we impose this tax on
the keepers of these alleys everywhere else in
the country. I think the taxation ought to be
uniform, i hope the exception proposed by
the gentleman will not be made.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, gentlemen
seetn to misunderstand the principle upon
which this charge is made. It applies only to
"every place or building where bowls are
thrown or billiards played, and open to the
public with or without price.'' The reason for
including places open to the public "without
charge" is that if in such places there is no
formal charge it is because the keepers get
their pay in some indirect way ; and unless we
have such a provision, they will sell liquor or
something else and throw the bowls in, or
they will charge for the bowls and throw the
liquorin. [Laughter.] Those who keep these
hotels, of which the gentleman speaks, among
the mountains and at watering places, will take
carc that the charges to their guests shall be
such as to reimburse them for all the expense
which they incur in affording those guests
amusement. Therefore, we have extented the
tax to all tables or alleys kept for use with or
without price, for if they do not got a price
directly they will obtain that price in some
indirect way.
Mr. BENTON. I will say a word in reply
to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison.]
If he supposes that the public houses I have
referred to are peculiar to New Hampshire he
is less informed than I supposed him to be.
If he had been informed on the subject of
hotels in the United States I do not suppose he
would have assumed to make such a statement
as he has. What he has said in regard to the
hotels in New Hampshire is unjust. There are
hotels like those in New Hampshire through-
out the country. If he feels invidious toward
New Hampshire because of her sublime mount-
ain scenery, he is not so enlarged in his views
as T thought he was. I do not envy his people
the peculiar advantages of his State.
The amendment was disagreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk road the next paragraph, as follows:
Jewelers, whose annual sales cxcecd $1,000, and
do not exceed 65,000, shall each pay a tax of twenty-
five dollars, and when tho annual sales exceed
$5,000 shall pay, in addition, ten dollars for each
$1,000 in excess of $5,000. Every person who manu-
factures for sale articles intended for personal wear,
or for ornament, composed in whole or in part of
gold or silver or other prceious metals, or of any alloy
or imitation of any of said metals, or of diamonds or
other precious stones or gems or any imitation
thereof, shall bo regarded as a jeweler.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move an amendment to
that paragraph, and desire to say a word. If
this amendment prevails I will move to strike
out the following paragraph. After the word
" thereof" I move to insert " or any goods or
wares of gold or silver." The proposition is
to transfer the manufacturers of gold and silver
ware to this head of jewelers, embracing them
all in a general paragraph. It is often difficult
