,628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 20,
talks of it as it was when he was on the earth.
At that time there were none there besides the
Indians except a few Jesuits, but to-day it has
become a watering-place, second only to Sar-
atoga. But what does he know of it? He
describes it &3 it was when he was on the
earth.
He visited the Upper Peninsula, and there
he found Indians who caught tish. True; but
at that time the mines were not worked. Since
then the export of the iron of Lake Superior
has reached from three hundred thousand to
five hundred thousand tons a year, and the
copper produced there is more than all the
rest of the copper produced in the United
States. But what does he know of it? When
he was alive there were no mines worked. He
has been asleep from that day to this, and how
should he know of any change?
And, sir, he visited Saginaw in 1G40, and
there he found that they made a few shingles
and caught a few fish and sold some whisky.
Well, sir, it was just so. He describes Sagi-
naw exactly as it was when he was alive; but
since that time Saginaw has grown to be a city
of more than fourteen ^thousand inhabitants.
Saginaw to-day exports more than four hun-
dred million feet of lumber a year, and Sagi-
naw exports more than three million barrels
of salt ft year. Saginaw has merchants who
can buy the town where he lives for a lumber-
yard and lack room. [Laughter.] But what
does he know about it ? It was not so when
he was alive! [Laughter. ] He describes Sag-
inaw as it was in 1040, when he was on the
earth, and has seen nothing since, and how
should be know of any change? Why, sir, it is
perfectly apparent that he must have slept from
that time to this. He lived in the time of the
ancient Vikings, took a long nap "of several
hundred years, awok3, rubbed his eyes, vis-
ited Saginaw and the Upper Peninsula and
Mackinaw, and then went to sleep, and he has
been asleep ever since; and now, forsooth, he
awakes and discovers that in his time, when
he was alive, the naval officers were the best
merchants of the age in which he lived!
Mr. President, I am perfectly delighted that
he has awakened at last. I am glad that he
has awakened to the importance of economy,
and I hope he will not go to sleep again until
he brings the most rigid economy into the naval
department of this Government. I am disposed
to furnish him with occupation for the rest of
this session—'occupation that requires his im-
mediate attention. I find from the Naval Re-
gister in my hand that we have to-day two hun-
dred and sixty-four ships of war. Why does
he not recommend that all of these ships of
war except perhaps one hundred, more or less,
be sold and the money put into the Treasury,
instead of allowing them to rot? I call his
attention, and the attention of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, since they have got awake, to
this matter. I hope his chief has awakened,
too. He seems to have been asleep about as
long as the Senator from Iowa. [Laughter.]
I hope his chief will awake, too, and that they
will put the knife to the very root of the abuses
in the Navy.
Sir, I find another thing. I am told, and be-
lieve it to be true, that in onr navy-yards there
are some ten thousand workmen constantly
engaged at an expense of about ten million dol-
lars a year. Of whatpossible use are these ten
thousand workmen? No man knows outside
of the Navy Department. The only use known
by the outside world is to carry here and there,
by transferring them from one navy-yard to
another, a democratic district. But what cares
the Senator for that? I hope he will care now
that he is awake. I hope the knife will be put
to that abuse, and that these ten thousand work-
men and these 510,000,000 will be dispensed
with from this day forth, and I hope that these
vessels will be sold.
Then, sir, I find by this Naval Register that
there are over fifteen hundred officers, or per-
sons who are designated as such, on this Regis-
ter, great and small, in the employment of the
"Government. Sir, if we bad had a Stanton in the
Navy Department as well as in the War Depart- j
ment I believe that inillious and tens of mil-
lions of dollars would have been saved within
the last two years that have been squandered
upon the Navy. Secretary Stanton at the close
of the war at once reduced the Army , dismissed
his officers, cut down the expenditures, and
saved more than a hundred million dollars
to the Treasury. Had the Secretary of the
Navy done the same thing millions upon mil-
lions of dollars would have been saved to the
Treasury of the United Status. I hope, now
that the Senator has awakened from his long
nap, that he will devote himself, body and soul,
and his committee also, from this time forth to
cutting down these enormous expenditures of
the Navy. All we require of a Navy now is
simply a police of the seas. Ten million dollars
a year would be an abundant appropriation for
the support of all the Navy we need. I hope
the Senator and his committee will take hold
of this thing and put the knife to the very root
of this evil, and introduce a bill that will cut
down the expenses of the Navy Department
from the estimated $47,000,000 to $10,000,000,
and that they will do it promptly. There is
room enough for the Senator to operate in in
his own Department, and I hope that from this
time forth he will devote himself to it, and that
thisresolution will be referred where it belongs,
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, the Senate
certainly ought to feel ynder very great obliga-
tions to me, for I suppose that I am in some
| measure instrumental, indirectly and uninten-
tionally on my part, I admit, in furnishing them
the delightful entertainment with which they
have been furnished this morning. Such a
display of genuine humor, of sarcasm, of irony,
and of all the qualities that sometimes are sup-
posed to constitute wit, I have never had the
opportunity to witness before. Such a display
ox the real, genuine, Attie salt it has not been
my fortune to listen to in my previous experi-
ence in this body. The Senator himself ought
to be indebted to me, for if it had not been for
my instrumentality, in some degree, the Senator
might have been compelled to pay thirty-two
cents a bushel to the salt boilers of Saginaw
and Syracuse for this same ^Yttic salt which he
has spread so liberally around over the Senate
to-day.
Now, sir, I am not going to be diverted from
the subject in hand. I am not going to be led oif
into a discusssion of the expenses of the Navy.
The question with us is, whether this resolution
should belong properly to one committee or the
other. I am not going to deny that paymasters
would be very proper persons to be made con-
suls. That is a question to be considered when
the resolution comes under discussion upon its
merits in the Senate. I am inclined to agree
with the Senator that the resolution should be
made open, so that any naval officer or any re-
tired Army officer should be eligible to these
positions.
Let us see what the issue was between us.
The Senator staled the other day that there was
no consul or consular agent who received a sal-
ary of over five thousand dollars in any place,
and only $3,000 in the interior of England. I
controverted that position and told him that
there was a gentleman from the State of Mich-
igan who was receiving $16,000 at least. It
turns out that he is receiving nearer thirty
thousand dollars ; that he has an outlying con-
sular agency at a place named by me the other
day, Tunstall, I believe, at which he has an
agent, an attorney; not a commercial man, not
a merchant who is conversant with the prices
of the articles specified in the schedules and
invoices to which he affixes his name at the
fcot of a certificate, but an attorney who rep-
resents Mr. Lord, who is the consul at Man-
chester, at this place called Tunstall; that he
has received from that consulate at Tunstall
$ll,0o0; that Jie has received upwards of nine
thousand dollars in excess of ehargesfor certi-
fying to these invoices, and $3,000 salary for
his consulate at Manchester. Now, the Sena-
tor attempts to divert attention from the con-
sideration'of Litis issue that was made between
us, and says, first, that it may be true ; that
there may be imperfections of the law ; but the
Seuator says weliave been in the habit of chang-
ing these laws every ten years, because in the
course of ten years some little consular placc
may grow up into importance; but, mind you,
sir, the law under which this consul receives
over twenty thousand dollars a year was passed
in 1805; only two years ago, or a little over two
years ago, and passed at the instance of the
Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. And at the suggestion
of Mr. Lord.
Mr. GRIMES. And at the suggestion of
Mr. Lord: and Mr. Lord seems to have been
very careful in excluding his own case. This
is not the only subordinate consulate that Mr.
Lord has; he has more. What may be received
at the other points I do not know. I only
alluded to this case of Mr. Lord to satisfy tho
Senator that when he charged the Naval Com-
mittee with knowing nothing about this subject
he was mistaken ; that we did happen to know
quite as much as he did; for I have no doubt
he stated the truth when he said he did not
believe there was any consul in the interior of
England who received more than $3,000. It
is information which 1 havo furnished the Sen-
ator and for -which I trust he feels duly grate-
ful.
Now, sir, as I said before, I do not care
what becomes of this resolution. I think the
Government will save a considerable amount
of money by allowing naval officers who are
receiving half pay to be appointed consuls.
In doing so we follow the practice of every
commercial nation in the world. One half of
the consulates of Great Britain throughout the
world are held by half-pay officers both of the
army and of the navy. It is the same case
with the other Governments .of the world.
That was the only pufpose we had in intro-
ducing this resolution. Knowing that these
men were familiar with commercial trans-
actions, that that was a.part of their training,
and believing that they would maku efficient
officers—more efficient by far than many of the
persona who hold such positions at present.
Mr. CHANDLER. As I said before, 1 do
not know anything about the case to which the
Senator alludes, I applied at the State De-
partment for information on the subject and
Mr. Seward knew nothing about it. I applied
to the Assistant Secretary. He said that at the
Treasury, where these figures come from, they
knew very little about the operation of these
laws. For example, he said that all of the fees
at most of the consulates went into the Treas-
ury, although they were reported as going to
the men who appointed the vice 'eOnSuls. I
requested the Secretary of State to have the
case thoroughly investigated, and if there were
any cases where the law appeared to require
alteration or change to report them to me. I
have received as yet no report from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury oh the same subject. I
will say of Mr. Lord that a more honorable
man, a better merchant, or a man of purer
character does not exist on the face of the
earth.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not pretend that Mr.
Lord was receiving any more than he; was en-
titled to receive under the law, and never so
stated. I suggest to the Senator that he does
not go to the right place to obtain his iivformft-
tion. I can tell him that the Fourth Auditor is
the officer who has charge of these matters and
to whom the accounts! are returned, and if he
will inquire at that office as to the consulate at
Aix la Chapelle, held by a man by tho name
of Vesey, he will find the amount received by
him greatly in excess of that received by Mr.
Lord.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce are investigating that subject, and will in
due time report. I hope this resolution will be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MGRItILL, of Vermont. I have no
questioifbnt that there are a great number ot
c#nsuls who are all that they should be; but
