1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2013
Laramie, but it is to obviate another difficulty
which General Auger suggests to me. The
Shoshones, the Snakes, and the Bannocks
along the line of the Pacific railroad—and
Senators ought to remember that that road
was very much retarded in its operations last
year on account of Indian difficulties—object
to the road passing over their reservation.
The Shoshones and Snakes reside, some of
them, east of the eastern boundary line of
Utah, and some of them in Utah. The sur-
veys of the Union Pacific railroad have now
reached their country, and they are making
complaint, and I want the commissioners to
proceed there and negotiate with them and
make a new arrangement with them in order
to permit the road to go through peaceably in
the direction of California. If we do not do
that we are liable to get into trouble with them.
The entire trouble with the Apache Indians
arose out of building a road through their
country without their consent, because we did
not have it. The treaty of 1851 expired, and
we went to work to build roads over their
country without consulting them, although we
may say here in Congress that these poor,
rude savages ought not to be consulted about
a thing of this sort, yet we know that failing to
consult them will bring about war, and it will
continue. We might as well meet them and
make some arrangement with them. It will
cost but little, and it is better to expend a little
in this way than to expend millions in a war.
Mr. President, I have examined this matter
personally. I have some feeling about it. I
desire to keep peace upon the plains. It is
beneficial to California; it is beneficial to
Utah; it is beneficial to Montana; it is bene-
ficial to the whole country. It saves the entire
nation many millions in the way of expendi-
ture, and permits settlements in the western
States to grow up. There is nothing harmful
in the bill. It is intended simply to make such
expenditures as may be necessary to secure
the peace of the western country. With that
view I hope sincercely that the bill will pass,
and that all the discussion upon Indian affairs
and the general treatment of Indians, the plan
of civilization, and the plan of erecting reser-
vations, &c., will be postponed until another
occasion.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall occupy but a mo-
ment further. I wish first to present my com
pliments to the honorable Senator for the gen-
erous offer he has made to myself and others,
the opportunity he is to give us hereafter of
discussing the general subject. I desire to as-
sure him that my purpose this morning was to
discuss the special and not the general sub-
ject. I am very much mistaken, or else I ad-
dressed myself to the special subject when I
was up. If my honorable friend had confined
himself as closely to the text as I endeavored
to do he would not have introduced another
issue into the discussion by endeavoring to
involve the personal character, honor, .and
integrity of the commissioners. Sir, I made
no allegation against them in that respect when
I was up.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator com-
plained of the large expenditure of $150,000,
and wanted to know what was to be done with
it. 1 stated to him that it was not necessarily
to be expended; it was only to be expended
if it should be found necessary to expend it;
and that I supposed these commissioners
would expend the money as gentlemen ought
to expend public moneys when placed in their
hands.
Mr. CONNESS. I thought I had put m a
sufficient disclaimer in favor of the commis-
sioners when I was up before ; but I will^ add
a word to it: that the honorable Senator has
not more confidence in the commissioners than
I have. Bu't, sir, that is not legislation; we
do not- sit here to provide any amount of
money for the disposition, or to be put within
the control, of .gentlemen because they are
honorable and honest men; we sit here to vote
what is found to be necessary for the public
business.
Now, what does the honorable Senator, the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
tell us? What does he confess in regard to
the first section of this bill? Why, sir, he
answers the categorical question by saying that
none of the commissioners have been upon the
reservation, and he cannot tell exactly any-
thing about it, but he guesses that there is a
certain number of Indians there. That is my
complaint. I ask the honorable Senator, as a
member of that commission, why he did not
and why they did not send some proper and
authorized agent within the last year or within
the period of their existence to this reserva-
tion, and why he is not here in his place in the
Senate at the head of this committee with facts
and figures on this subject? I have no doubt
whatever that the commission will expend
money economically. I did not question their
wisdom; I do not now.
But, sir, there is a tale, and a sad one,
hanging by this problem of the treatment of
the Navajo Indians. What is it? Briefly, that
we were said to have captured them by our
arms at a cost of millions of dollars. We trans-
ported them at the cost of the Treasury of the
United States to this reservation, the Bosque
Redondo. We have discussed propositions
brought in by the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs for $1,500,000 of appropria-
tions at a time to feed and provide for these
very Indians. If what the honorable Senator
tells us be true, what shall we say of the ad-
vice we have had from the committe, of which
he is the honored chairman, in the past? If
the Senator was able to come into the Senate
and state that that commission had sent to this
reservation, and had ascertained that the In-
dians could not longer remain there with ad-
vantage to the Government or to themselves,
had ascertained that they should be sent else-
where, and how much money it would cost, I
would not be here to oppose the proposition
or to utter one word in regard to it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me ask the Sen-
ator a question. He knows that the Navajo
Indians did support themselves when on their
former reservation?
Mr. CONNESS.' I think they did.
Mr. HENDERSON. They did.
Mr. CONNESS. That is to say, we did not
appropriate money to subsist them.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not only that, but
they were really rich with floeksand the profits
of their farms. The Senator knows that for
the last five years we have appropriated not
one dollar less than $750,008 a year to sup-
port them, and we have done it upon sufficient
evidence, satisfactory evidence. Now, I state
to the Senator that there is satisfactory evi-
dence before us that we must do it again next
year if they are retained where they are. I
submit to the Senator, is not that sufficient
evidence that that is no fit place for them ?
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor threatens us with an appropriation of
§500,000. If we do not make this provision by
appropriating $150,000 for the contemplated
removal of these Indians we are threatened
by the Senator with a demand for $500,000 to
feed the Indians there.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is no threat.
Mr. CONNESS. The Treasury is threatened
with it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes.
Mr. CONNESS. Well, sir, we had a de-
mand for $1,500,000 from the honorable Sen-
ator's predecessor on the committee, and we
did not make the appropriation, and the In-
dians did live, and they are in sufficiently good
condition to-day for us to be engaged in pass-
ing a law providing for making a treaty with
them.
Mr. HENDERSON. I know the Senator
wants to be correct. Let me state in regard
to that what the facts are. We did not make
the appropriation asked ; but I got an amend-
ment on the appropriation that was given pro-
viding that if it became exhausted the military
authorities should issue rations to these Indians.
Rations have been issued to them ; but Gen-
eral Sherman says that in the face of the com-
plaints against the exorbitant expenditure^ of
the War Department he will not consent to
support them longer. The amendment was,
the Senator will remember, that if the Indians
were in a suffering condition rations should be
issued to them in New Mexico from the Army
headquarters. That has been done until the
War Department say they will do it no longer.
Therefore we did not gain anything.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, if the en-
tire support of the Indians came from the
military arm of the Government and their con-
trol, too, where it belongs, by the way, and
ought to be, I should have no word to say here.
If General Sherman should send a communi-
cation here stating and vouching for the con-
dition of these Indians, or any other band of
Indians within his jurisdiction, I should ac-
cept his statement with perfect faith in its cor-
rectness ; but he has not done that.
But, Mr. President, I did not intend to oc-
cupy time, and I give the honorable Senator
from Missouri notice that I shall not occupy it
hereafter when he introduces that bill. I do
not know what it is to be unless it should be
that bill that he introduced on one occasion here
to create the Indian department a separate de-
partment of the Government. I suppose that
is it. That is a bill that I give him notice I
shall never spend much time in discussing;
but I shall cast my vote against it whenever it
is presented here.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, I anl satis-
fied that the true policy of the Government is
to restore these Indians to their old homes or
to send them to some other congenial country.
The Navajoes, before their removal to this
reservation, were a pastoral people, and, I be-
lieve, subsisted upon theirfiocksalmostentirely.
There was no game, I imagine, in that country,
or. but very little of it. All their industries
have been broken up, and they have been taken
to a country where at present there is neither
game nor fish, the chief subsistence _ of the
Indians of the West. If you disturb them in these
supplies, of course you must furnish others at
the expense of the Government. Take, for in-
ance, the Chippewas of the North, who subsist
almost entirely on fish; if you were to remove
them down on the Plains in New Mexico you
would have to supply them with their subsist-
ence. Take the Sioux of the Plains and re-
move them to the forest country of the lakes
and they would have to be subsisted by the
Government. So it is with all these Indians.
Unless they are allowed to remain in the coun-
try in which they were reared from their in-
fancy and were accustomed to gain a subsist-
ence, either by hunting or fishing, you must
supply them with subsistence day by day, just
as you would your soldiers or prisoners in your
prison houses. Now, the only way to relieve
yourselves from the daily subsistence of these
people is to restore them to a country where
they can return to the pursuits they followed
before or where game is abundant. I do not
think the appropriation of $150,000 too great
to remove them three hundred miles west-
wardiy in New Mexico, or to some location in
the other Indian territories. I think it should
be done speedily. I think it was a very great
mistake to remove them originally.
Mr. CONNESS. How long would you leave
them where you propose sending them?
Mr. RAMSEY. Permanently, I suppose,
unless they should be disturbed by the wave
of civilization around them. If not disturbed
by the Government by removing them, as in
this case, or by civilized people crowding them,
they could subsist there forever.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to ask my
honorable friend before he sits down whether
he thinks it was the wave of civilization that
disturbed them the last time they were driven
away from their homes?
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir; the Army dis-
turbed them. It was a.great mistake for the
Army to carry them away from their own
country. I cannot conceive of any good rea-
son for their doing so. It is true they were
