1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4061
act of incorproation providing far the payment
of §150 per annum for the maintenance and
tuition of each pupil admitted by order of the
Secretary of the ' Interior. They hare not
taken this money for several years. They say
they are not entitled to it because Congress
has given them a gross sum to assist in carry-
ing on the institution. Accordingly the fourth
section makes the following provision :
That so much of the act of February lfi, 1857, as
allows the payment of S150 per annuo for the main-
tenance and tuition of each pupil admitted by order
of the Secretary of the Interior, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Now, sir, I have here an exhibit showing
what has been the annual expense for the pupils
chargeable to the Government, and none others
during the eleven years last past. The annual
expense ranges from two hundred and nine
dollars to five hundred and twenty-one dollars;
but the avefage is $294 for eaeh of those pupils
for whom Congress was bound to provide. The
greater part of the outlay upon which the gen-
tleman from Illinois has dwelt so long and
loudlyis for the purchase of the land, the erec-
tion of the buildings necessary for the accom-
modation of the pupils, the introduction of
water, gas, &c., and other necessary expenses.
Now, sir, although Congress has by its uni-
form action since 1857, recognized this insti-
tution as eminently worthy of the fostering
care of the General Government and has con-
tributed most bountifully toward' its support,
the objection suggests itself that perhaps under
a strict construction of the Constitution we
ought not to appropriate money for such a
purpose. But 1 ask where throughout our wide
empire will you find any objects of charity
which have been so little cared for by the
Government of the United States as these
stricken people, the deaf and dumb of the
United States? We have provided homes for
the landless. We have colleges for farmers.
We have provided for the insane. We have
erected an institution for that purpose across
tin- liver where some three or four hundred
lunatics are cared for. No one says anything
against those appropriations.
The gentleman says that each State will take
care of these matters for itself. To the honor
of the different States they have provided for
them in the most handsome manner, and pro-
vided for them in a different spirit from that
manifested upon this floor to-day. Be it re-
membered, however, that no one State has
enough deaf mutes of its own to erect a college
to educate teachers for them. It is expected
this should be done by the Federal Govern-
ment, by an appropriation from the Federal
Congress. Here, now, by a small outlay, we
can bless thousands and the nation will never
feel any loss. Our constituents will not feel
it. It is easy to talk about taking tax from the
tax-payers and about the poor man's light;
taking the tax off petroleum and thereby en-
riching a few capitalists; but when you come
to the great want of educating these deaf mutes
every difficulty is raised. Shall we close the
doors of this charitable, humane, hospitable
institution, and turn these mutes out upon the
world? Shall we deny them bread; shall we
deny them food for their intellects, which they
crave more than bread for the body? I hope
not.
I do not desire to detain the House in this
warm weather. I did not want to speak. I
ought not to have been required to speak in
this behalf. I am only one member of the
committee. It is true I belong to the majority
of the committee which recommends the pas-
sage of this bill; and I do honestly recom-
mend its passage with all the force and earn-
estness I can muster. If this House sees fit
to vote it down the responsibility rests with
them, not with me.
An amendment was introduced by my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to increase
the number of college pupils from ten to twen-
ty-five. This is called for by a great number
of States, and the pupils are ready to enter.
They are only waiting for the action of Con-
gress to enter. The president of the institu-
tion says it will only cost $6,000. The follow-
ing letter is from one of those pupils:
Aurora, Illinois, Man 5, 1808
Dear Sir: I wish to apply for admission to the
collegiate department of the institution under your
charge.
I am twenty-two years of age, and have been
totally deaf since my twelfth year.
I was at the Hartford school a short term, leaving
there in 1862. Since I have been in various printing
offices in this State, in all capacities—boy of all
work, compositor, foreman, and editor; and during
theclosing ycarsof the civilwarwasacorrespondent
of the Chicago Tribune.
, I can lay no claim to "scholarship," as the term is
usually received; have no acquaintance with any
foreign 1 anguago, except such phrases as a general
and too desultory reader gathers.
I regret that I was not sooner aware of the advan-
tages which you liave placed within the reach of my-
self and fellow-unfortunates; because, at my age, I
do not think it will be profitable tor me to undertake
either tho study of the doad languages or the four-
year courso. As to tho former (Latin first) I would
bo willing to accept your better judgment, and make
all the preparation I can in my leisure moments be-
tween now and the opening day. I should much
prefer to take up German, rather than Latin, as 1
can turn the former to practical use; also algebra the
first year, object-drawing, and such other studies as
will be most apt to perfect me as a writer.
Being entirely dependent on my own exertions for
support, I ask the aid granted by Congress in such
cases.
In case you decide to admit me, an early reply to
that effect would greatly oblige me, for the reason
mentioned above m speaking of studies.
Mr. John 13. Ilotchkiss was acquainted with me at
Hartford, and, I think, will be pleased to answer any
questions you may see lit to ask concerning mo.
Yours, most respectfully,
AMOS G. DRAPER.
Mr. E. M. Gall ujdet.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask
the gentleman to withdraw the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. SPALDING. I cannot.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question first recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
00, noes 31.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the House adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
48, noes 59.
Mi-. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Washbcrxe
of Illinois, and Mr. Spalmns were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes GO, noes 50.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was adopted.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, to strike out all
after the enacting clause and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That there be appropriated out of any money in
tho Treasury not otherwise appropriated a sufficient
sum of money for the support of the deaf and dumb
pupils now in the Columbia Institute for the Deaf
ajid Dumb in some good de-if anil dumb asylum in
one of the States of the Union for tho year ending
June 3,1809, all to bo under the direction of the Sec-
retary of tho Interior.
The question being put on agreeing to the
amendment, there were—ayes 51, noes 52.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Butler of Massachusetts, and
Kelsey.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 54, noes 50.
Mr. SPALDING. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 03, nays 08, not voting
69; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bailey, Bcatty, Bcniamin,
Benton, Boutwell. Bioomall, Benjamin F. Butlor,
Gary, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Covode,
Cuilom,Delano, Dockery.Ela. Eerriss. Fields, if aight,
Hamilton, Hawkins, Hill, Hinds, Hopkins, fiotch-
kiss, Hulburd, Hunter, Judd, Ketcham, Kitchen,
Koontz, "William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Marshall, McCarthy, Mcifee, Moore, Mulhns,
Nunn, Orth, Perham, Peters, Pike, Pomcroy, Ross,
Sawyer, Sitgreavos, Taffe, Taylor, Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, Trowbridge, Van VVyck, Elihu B. Washburne,
Henry D.Washburn. William B.Washburn, Welker,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, and John T.
Wilson—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks,
Barnes,Beck,Blair.Boyer,Bromwell,BuckIand, Cake,
Chanler, Coburu, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eldridge, Eliot, French, Garfield, Getz, Glossbrrr.ner,
Golladay, Grover, Chester D. Hubbard, Jenckes, Alex-
ander H. Jones, Julian,Kelsey,Knott,Lafiin, Ueorso
V. Lawrence, Mallory, Marvin, Maynord, MeClurg,
Mercur, Miller, Monrhead. Morrell, Mungen, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Phelps, Poland, Randall,
Roots. Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,Tlr-id-
deus Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Taber, Twiehell, Up-
son, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Van Truuip, W iu-
dom, and Woodbridge—GS.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Axtell, Baldwin,
Barnum. Beaman, Bingham, Blaine, Boies. Boyden,
Brooks, Burr, RodcrickR.Butler,Reader W. Clarke,
Cornell, Deweese, Dodge, Bckley, Eggloston, Farns-
worth, Ferry, Finney, Fox, Gravely, Griswold, Hal-
sey. Harding. Higby. Holman, Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey .Ingersoll,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kelley, Kerr, Lincoln,
Lynch, Met.'ormick, MoCuliougbi, Merrissey, Myers,
Newcomb, Paine,Pile. Plants, Polsley, Price,Pruyn,
Raum, Robertson, Robinson, Sclienck, Scofield,
Selye, Shellabarger, Aaron P. Stevens, Stokes,
Thomas, John Trimble, Van Aernam. Robert T.
Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, James
F.Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
ward—69.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
make a privileged report from a committee of
conference.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask the gentleman to
withhold that report till we can dispose of the
pending bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
do so.
Mr. SPALDING. I did not suppose the
gentleman would. [Laughter.]
MESSAGE l'ROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Gob-
iiAil, its Secretary, announced that that body
had passed without amendment the bill (H. R.
No. 631) amendatory of an act approved July
2(5, 1806, entitled '"An act to authorize the
construction of certain bridges and establish
them as post roads."
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the
amendment of the House to the bill (S. No.
352) authorizing a temporary supply of vacan-
cies in the Executive Departments, with an
amendment in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had indefinitely post-
poned the bill (H. R. No. 783) for the relief
of Samuel Pierce.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee ofconference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 818)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Governmentfortheyearending June 30,
1809, and for other purposes.
Also, that it had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (II. R.
No. 344) to incorporate the Washington Tar-
get-Shooting Association of the Distiiet of
Columbia.
Also, that it had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill ( H. R.
No. 554) making a grant of land to the State
of Minnesota to aid in the improvement of the
navigation of the Mississippi river.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
bees instructed by the conference committee
on the disagreeing voles of the two Houses on
House bill No. 818, making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government !■ :
the year ending June 30, 1S60, and for oiin-i
purposes, to make a report, which I send t.>
the Clerk's desk.
The report was as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. SIS) makini; appropriations for sun-
