1868.
TUB   CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
62ft
the system is a corrupt one. Now I undertake
to inform the Senator from Iowa that he
cannot obtain all the emoluments of the con-
suls pti'ii from the Fourth Auditor of the
Treasury. The law provides a certain amount
that shall bt> received for certificates of in-
voices, and there is no law or general system
in relation to consular affairs that is entitled
to the credit for that restriction. In 1862 a
proposition was inserted in the tariff law that
one dollar should be charged for these con-
sular certificates. Afterward the price was
raised to $2 50. Now most of the consols,
instead of charging the exact sum of $2 50,
charge for inserting the dato and signing their
naaies an extra fee; and instead of taking
ten shillings and tburpence in England, as they
ought, they charge eleven shillings and six-
pence or twelve shillings and sixpence, for
every certificate that they make out; and of
course all that is in excess of the proper
amount they put in their own pockets. This
sura alone in one of the consulates amounts
to more than five thousand dollars, as I am
informed. The abuse of the system is almost
universal throughout Europe and in the Can-
adas. Wherever we have consols they appoint
consular agents and make bargains with them
to return the fees that they get and to allow
the consul one half or more.
I am decidedly in favor of a reform on this
subject. I think it can be reached in one
way by providing that these consular certifi-
cates shall be paid for here at home when the
duties are paid upon the invoice and not paid
abroad at all, and that then the consols should
be supported by a salary and be prohibited
from receiving these fees.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan [Mr. Chaxdler] moved
the reference of this joint resolntion to the
Committee on Commerce. The Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Pattersox] moved its
reference to the select Committee on Retrench-
ment. The first question will be on the refer-
ence to the standing committee, the Committee
On Commerce."
Mr. HENDRICKS. The only question that
has been discussed for some time on this joint
resolution is whether it should go to the Com-
mittee on Xaval Affairs or to the Committee on
Commerce. In one respect, perhaps, it was
proper that the Senate should have sent the
resolution to the Committee on Commerce;
but in another respect, and in my judgment a
much more important one, the Senate thought
fit to send it to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. If this resolution proposed a change
of the consular system of the United States to
regulate the duties of consuls ®r to describe
the qualifications of persons for that office, it
would then be important, perhaps, that it
should go to the Committee on Commerce;
but as the resolution proposes nothing of the
sort, no material modification of the consular
system, but only proposes that in certain cases
some of the naval officers who can be spared
from the naval service may be assigned to con-
sular duties, it did seem to me that the refer-
ence to the Naval Committee was a proper
one. I think that that committee investigated
the resolution with as much care as any com-
mittee can bestow upon the subject. It affects
the Navy in this, that the resolution proposes
to allow, at the discretion of the President of
the United States, retired naval officers to be
assigned to consular duties with a view of
saving expense.
Let me ask, in this connection, where is the
propriety of referring this resolution to the
Committee on Retrenchment? Anybody with-
out any consideration can see at once that it
is a resolution for economy. The'retired offi-
cer of tbe Navy receives his pay as such any-
how, and if he is assigned to the discharge of
consular duties he only receives the same salary.
This resolution does not increase the salary of
the retired officer, but it gives him land pay,
just what he wonld receive if he were loafing
upon the shores of our own country. The
question whether he be a competent man to
discharge the duties of a consul is one that we
refer, of course, to the Executive, as we refer
that question to the Executive in the appoint-
ment of all consuls.
We all know that under the existing law
consuls are often appointed for political con-
siderations. I do not speak of the present
year or the present Administration, for this has
been the policy as far back as I have examined
the subject. Appointments are made by the
President in many instances for political con-
siderations. Are we likely to have a better
service with appointments thus made than by
selecting proper men from the Navy, who have,
daring the course of their professional life,
been thrown in contact with the foreign ser-
vice? It seems to me to be absurd to say that
this resolution proposes an inferior grade of
men to those we already have. I have no
{ complaints to make of the consuls abroad. I
do not know but that as a class they are excel-
lent men. I do not question it. My point, is,
that it is merely a question how will this reso-
lution affect the Navy? It does not change
your consular system; it does not propose-to
modify commercial law at all; but it proposes
to allow some retired naval officers to dis-
charge consular duties ; and the main question
in the resolution is, whether the Navy can
safely spare these men from the naval service?
In view of that fact it seemed to me a very
plain question that it was for the Naval Com-
mittee and not for the Committee)" on Com-
merce; and I beg to say to the Senator from
Michigan that the Senate did no discourtesy to
his committee in referring to the Naval Com-
mittee that which mainly belonged to that
committee. Suppose it is one of mixed juris-
diction as between the committees—the Naval
Committee has already investigated it—does
any Senator say that that committee has not
fully done its duty in examining this joint res-
olution? Does the Senator from Michigan
appeal from the judgment of that committee
upon two questions: first, the qualifications of
a naval officer to discharge consular duties; and
secondly, whether the Navy can spare these
men from their duties in the Navy to discharge
these other duties? Those two questions the
Naval Committee has examined. What fur-
ther question is there for the Committee on
Commerce to examine? Will the Senator be
pleased to tell me? If the Committee on
Naval Affairs has in fact examined the two
questions that properly went to that commit-
tee, as I said, first, the question whether the
naval officers are likely to be men fit for this
office, and secondly, whether the Navy can
spare them to discharge this service, does the
Senator from Michigan wish to review that
examination? Is any Senator prepared to say
that the Naval Committee has not properly
examined them? I want^to know what subject
there is in this resolution left for the examiner
tion of the Committee on Commerce? It doeB
not change your laws; it does not change your
regulations; it does not change even the policy
said to be now adopted in the Department of
examining men upon commercial or inter-
national law before they are appointed. This
resolution changes none of these, but leaves
it as it now stands, simply that the President
may appoint naval officers not in the service—
retired men, holding their pay in the consular
service precisely as they hold it in the retired
list of the Navy—when they are fit to discharge
consular duties.
I do not choose to have the Naval Commit-
tee questioned in an examination which is
made upon a resolution that is properly re-
ferred by the Senate to them, upon a resolu-
tion that presents to the Naval Committee the
importants points that it presents to the Sen-
ate. Now, I want to know what question
there is in this resolution for the Committee
on Commerce to examine ? Are that commit-
tee going to say that naval officers are not
qualified for consuls ? Do the Committee on
Commerce know as much about the ability of
naval officers as the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs ? I deny it. If that is the question, I
say the Committee oa Naval Affairs are pre-
sumed to know more of the qualifications and
fitness of navnl officers to discharge consular
duties than the Committee on Commerce, be-
cause the Committee on Naval Affairs are pre-
sumed to come in contact and intercourse with
the officers of the Navy.
I do not know what Saginaw and Mackinaw
and those delightful regions toward the North
have to do with this resolution. The Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs has examined this res-
olution, and I say all the important questions
involved in the resolution are properly to be
examined by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Now, it is proposed, after the Committee on
Naval Affairs has reported upon the resolu-
tion, to send it to the Committee on Com-
merce, and if the subject belongs to naval
affairs it involves a question of the correct-
ness of our investigation. With these remarka
I am ready to vote upon the reference.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It did not occur
to me that I should be induced to say a word
about this subject, but as the debute is becom-
ing a little spirited I think I will say a word
or two with the indulgence of the Senate.
In the way that the business of the Senate is
transacted there is evidently a fitness of things,
that subjects belonging to certain classes should
be examined by the appropriate committees.
Matters commercial belong to the Committee
on Commerce. Matters that are naval belong
to the Committee on Naval Affairs. The only
question I wish to propound to the Senate is,
to which class does this measure belong? Is
this a question of naval affairs or of commercial
affairs? I should like to ask my honorable
friend from Indiana, who speaks with some
spirit on this subject, whether he means to say
that the subject-matter is naval or commercial?
Mr. HENDRICKS. In reply to the ques-
tion of the Senator from Maine, I say that the
question whether a naval officer is a fit man to
discharge the duties of a consul, and whether his
services can be spared from the Navy, are ques-
tions properly to be examined by the Naval
Committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I' understood
the Senator to say that before, but that does
not come very near answering my question. It
is with referertce to consuls. What is a con-
sul? A naval officer? Not a bit of it. He is
a commercial agent. That is what he is; noth-
ing more nor less; and that is what you are
about appointing here. What has the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to do with that? My
honorable friend from Indiana asks, does any-
body doubt that the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs is competent to know whether a naval
officer is a fit commercial officer? Yes, I
doubt it, sir; and I deny your jurisdiction in
the case altogether. A consul is a commercial
agent, with which you have nothing to do, over
which subject you have no jurisdiction or con-
trol, and into whose character the presumption
is you have no right to examine. Whether he
is a fit agent for commercial purposes-^is that
a subject for the Committee on Naval Affairs?
Mr. GRIMES. That is not the question
here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is the
question I make. That is the question which
arises in the case. We are about to appoint
commercial agents. My honorable friend from
Indiana asks, "Do you mean to say that the
Committee on Naval Affairs do not know as
well about that subject as you do ? " I say the
presumption is the Naval Committee do not,
because that is not their specialty. The Sen-
ate have referred to the Committee on Com-
merce all such questions. The honorable Sena-
tor asks, " Do you mean to make an issue with
the Committee on Naval Affairs, that we do
not know whether the Navy can afford to
spare these naval officers to perform this
duty?" No; I do not raise that question,
nor do I suppose that that question arises; for
I can easily understand that the naval service
would not suffer at all by the appointment of
these men who are retired from the Navy as
ao longer fit for the navdl service, who are not
