514
APPENDIX TO THE COXG-EESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 11/
40tii Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Lows of the United Stat&s.
ninety-two, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
Approved, July 7, 18fi8.
Chap. CXXXIX.—-An Act prescribing an Oath
of GHice to be taken by Persons from whom
Legal Disabilities shall have been removed.
Be it enacted by tin: Senate and JTouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That whenever any per-
son who has participated in the late rebellion,
and from whom all legal disabilities arising
therefrom have been removed by act of Con-
gress by a vote of two thirds of each House, has
been or shall be elected or appointed to any
office or place of trust in or under the Govern-
went of the United States, he shall, before
entering upon the duties thereof, instead of
the oath prescribed by the act of July two,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, take and sub-
scribe the following oath or affirmation: I, A.
B., do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will
support and defend the Constitution of the
United States against all enemies, foreign and
domestic; that 1 will bear true faith and alle-
giance to the same; that I take this obligation
freely, without any mental reservation or pur-
pose of evasion ; and that I will well and faith-
fully discharge the duties of the office on which
I am about to enter. So help me God.
Approved, July 11, 1868.
Chap. CXL.—An Act to Incorporate the Con-
necticut Avenue and Park Hallway Com-
pany in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of llep-
rescntalices of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That Augustus B. Stough-
ton, John Little, John L. Iudwell, George II.
Plant, Le Roy Tuttle, G. W. Hopkins, It. M.
Hall, and their associates and assigns, be, and
they are hereby, created a body-corporate,
under the name of the ''Connecticut Avenue
and Park Railway Company,"' with authority
to construct and lay down a single or double
track railway, with the necessary switches and
turnouts, in the city of Washington, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, through and along the fol-
lowing avenues, streets, and highways: com-
mencing at the intersection of Seventeenth
street west and Pennsylvania avenue, along the
west side of Seventeenth street to its intersection
with H street north, thence along Seventeenth
street west to its intersection with Connecticut
avenue, thence along said avenue to Boundary
street; also, from the intersection of Boundary
street and Connecticut avenue along the county
road from such intersection, thence on anyroad
opened, or which may hereafter be opened,
west of the Fourteenth street road to within or
through the proposed public park, or to the
county line of Washington county, with the
right to run public carriages thereon drawn by
horse-power, receiving therefor a rate of fare
not exceeding six cents a passenger for any
distance on said road : Provided, That should
a majority of stockholders so elect, said road,
after reaching the intersection of Boundary
street and Connecticut avenue, instead of con-
tinuing from said intersection up the county
road now opened, may be constructed along
Boundary street in the direction of Meridian
Hill to any county road opened, or which may
hereafter be opened, west of Sixteenth street
west, and thence along said county road by the
most practicable route to the terminus near, at, '
in, or through the proposed park, as hereinbe-
fore provided.
Pec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
said road shall be deemed real estate, and,
together with other real and personal property
of said body-corporate, shall be liable to taxa-
tion as other real estate and personal property,
and to license for their vehicles or cars in the
city and county aforesaid, except as hereinafter
provided
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
said railway shall be laid in the centers of the
avenues and streets in the city (excepting Sev-
enteenth street, there it shall be laid as herein-
before provided for,) as near as may be without
interfering with or passing over the water or
gas pipes, in the most approved manner adapted
for street railways, with rails of the most ap-
proved pattern, to be determined by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, laid upon an even surface
with the pavement of the streets or avenues;
and the space between the two tracks, when
two are laid, shall not be less than four feet,
nor more than six feet; and the carriages shall
not be less than six feet in width, the gauge to
correspond with that of the Washington and
Georgetown railroad. That the railway in the
county shall be laid in such manner as will
least interfere with the ordinary travel of the
roads on which the said track shall be laid.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the
said corporation hereby created shall be bound
to keep said tracks, and for a space of two feet
beyond the outer rail thereof, and also the
space between the tracks, at all times well
paved and in good order, without expense to
the United States, the city or county of Wash-
ington.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted. Thatnoth-
ing in this actshall prevent the the Government
at any time, at their option, from altering the
grade or otherwise improving all avenues and
streets occupied by said road, or the city of
Washington from so altering orimproving such
streets and avenues and the sewerage thereof,
as maybe under their respective authority and
control; and in such event it shall be the duty
of said company to change their said railway
so as to conform to such grade and pavement.
Sec. C. And be it further enacted. That this
act may at any time be altered, amended, or
repealed by the Congress of the United States.
Skc. 7. Andbeit further enacted, That noth-
ing in this act shall be so construed as to au-
thorize said body-corporate to issue any note,
token, device, scrip, or other evidence of debt
to be used as a currency.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
capital stock of said company shall not be less
than fifty thousand dollars, nor more than two
hundred thousand dollars, and that the stock
shall be divided into shares of twenty-five dol-
lars each, and shall be deemed personal prop-
erty, transferable in such manner as the by-
laws of said company may direct.
Sec. 9. And be it farther enacted, That the
said company shall place fiist class cars on said
railway, with all the modern improvements for
the convenience and comfort of passengers, and
shall run cars thereon during the day as often
as every ten minutes, between Pennsylvania
avenue and Boundary street, and through the
day and night on the entire road, or such por-
tionsns may be completed, as often as the pub-
lic convenience may require.
Skc. 10. And be, it further enacted, That the
said company shall procure such passenger
rooms, ticket offices, stables, and depots, at
such points as the business of the railroad and
the convenience of the public may require.
And said company is hereby authorized to lay I
such rails through transverse or other streets :
as may be necessary for the exclusive purpose ;
of connectingthe so,id stables and depots with j
the main tracks. And the said company is j
hereby authorized to purchase or lease such :
lands or buildings as may be necessary for the !
passenger rooms, ticket offices, stables, and i
depots above mentioned. 1
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That all |
articles of value that may be inadvertently left !
in any of the eais or othervehicles of the said j
company shall be taken to theirprincipal depot, i
and entered in a book of record of unclaimed !
goods, which book shall be open to the inspee- \
tion of the public at all reasonable hours of i
business.
Skc. 12. And be it further tnaHed, That '
II within thirty days after the passage of this act
•' the corporators named in the first section, or
|! a majority of them, or if anyrel'use or neglect
j. to act, then a majority of the remainder, shall
|j cause booksof subscription to the capital stock
of said company to be opened and kept open,
in some convenient and accessible place in the
city of Washington, from nine o'clock in the
forenoon until three o'clock in the afternoon,
for a period, to be fixed by said corporators,
not less than two days, and said coiporators
shall give public notice by advertisement m the
daily papers published in the city of Washing-
ton of the time when and the place where said
books shall be opened ; and subscribers upon
said books to the capital stock of the company
shall be held to he stockholders: Provided,
That no one individual shall be allowed to sub-
scribe for more than one hundred shares of
said stock: Provided further, That every sub-
scriber shall pay at the time of subscribing
twenty-five per centum of the amount by him
subscribed to the treasurer appointed by the
corporators, or his subset iption shall be null
and void. If, at the end ol two days, a larger
amount than the capital stock of said company
shall have been subscribed, the books shall be
closed, and the said corporators named in the
first section shall forthwith proceed to appor-
tion said capital stock among the subscribers
pro rata, and make public proclamation of the
number of shares allotted to each, which shall
be done and completed on the same day the
booksare closed: Provided further, That noth-
ing shall be received in payment of the twenty-
five per centum at the time of subscribing
except money. And when the books of sub-
scription to the capital stock of said company
shall be closed, the corporators named iu the
first section, or a majority of them, and in case
any of them refuse or neglect to act, then a
majority of the remainder, shall, within ten
days thereafter, call the first meeting of the
stockholders of said company, to meet within .
ten days thereafter, for the choice of directot s,
of which public notice shall De given for five
days in two public newspapers published daily
in the city of Washington, or by written or
printed personal notice to each stockholder by
the clerk of the corporation. And m all meet-
ings of stockholders each share shall entitle
the holder to one vote, to be given in person
or by proxy.
Sec. 13. Anclbe it further enact cd, That the
government and direction of the ali'airs of the
company shall be vested in a board of direct-
ors, seven in number, who shall be stockhold-
ers, and who shall hold their otbee ior one
year, and until others are duly elected and
qualified to take their places as directors.
And the said directors (a majority of whom,
the president being one, shall be a quorum)
shall elect one of their number to be president
of the board, who shall also be president of
the company; and they shall also choose a
treasurer, who shall give bonds with suiety to
said company, in such sum as the said direct-
ors may require, for the faithful discharge of his
trust. In ease of a vacancy in the loaid of
directors by the death, resignation, or otherwise
of any director the vacancy occasioned thereby
shall be filled by the remaining directors.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the
directors shall have full power to make and
prescribe such by-laws, rules, and regulations
as they shall deem needful and proper, tend-
ing the disposition and management of the
stock, property, estate, and effects of the com-
pany, not contrary to the charter, or to the
laws of the United States and the ordinances
of the city and county of Washington : Pro-
vided, That the directors of said corporation
shall have power to require the subscribers to
the capital stock to pay the amount by them
respectively subscribed at such time, after the
first installment, m such manner and in such
amounts as they may deem proper; and if any
stockholder shall refuse or neglect to pay any
