4062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
§ry civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending Juno SO, 1869, and for other purposes, having
met, after full and free confercnce have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses, a.s follows;
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 12s, 18,21,32, 34, and 57.
That the House of Representatives recede from
tlieir disagreement to the amendments of the Scnato
numbered 2. 6. 8,9, 20, 26.38. 39, 40. 41, 42, 48.56,58,
59. 60, and 61, and agree to the same.
riiat the House recedo from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with amendments, as follows: strike out of said
amendment the words "five hundred," and insert in
lieu thereof "two hundred and fifty;" and at the end
of line twelve, page 1 of the bill, add the following;
"Provided, further, That all necessary letter-press
printing and book binding, in all the Departments
and bureaus shall h© done and executed attheGov-
ernment Printing Office, and not elsewhere, except
registered bonds and written records, which may be
bound as heretofore at the Department."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same, with an amendment, as follows: in lieu
of said amendment insert the words "two hundred
and seventy-five;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the tenth amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same, with an amendment, as follows: strike out of
said Senate amendment the words "and eight;" and
tho Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twelfth amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same, with the following verbal amendment:
strike out of said amendment the word "Califor-
nia," where it occurs, and insert the word "Califor-
nia'' after the word 4' vicinity."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirteenth amendment of the Sonate, and agreo
to the same, with tho following amendments: strike
out the word " two" in line one of said amondment
and insert in lieu thereof the word "one;" and
strike "s" from tho word "tenders" in line two; and
m Hue three of said amendment strike out tho woid
"eighty" and insert the word "forty and the Sen-
ate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixteenth amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same, with an amendment, as follows: strikeout
of paid amendment the word "fifty" and insert in
lieu thereof the words "twenty-five^'andtheSenatc
agree to the same.
That tho Ilouj-o recede from their disagreement to
theseventeenth ainendmentof the Senate and agree
to the same, with the following amendment: in lieu
of the words stricken out by said amendment, insert
the following: "Five of the six steam revenue-cut-
ters htationcd upon the northern and northwestern
lakes and their tributaries shall be laid up, and that
no more of the money appropriated by this act shall
be paid on their account than so much as may be
necessary for their safe and proper care and keeping,
and thatand the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-third amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same, with nn amendment, as follows: strike
out of bind amondment the words "seventy-five"
and insert in lieu thereof the word "fifty;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-fourth amendment of tho Senate, and
agree to the same, with an amendment, as follows;
at the end of said amendment add the following:
" Provided, That said building when completed, shall
cost not more than SlUO.OOO;" and the Senate agree
to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho twenty-eighth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
at the end of said amendment add the following:
"Provided, That the Mint of the United States and
branches shall continue to refine gold and silver bul-
lion. and no contract to exchange crude or imported
bullion forrcimed bars shall be made until author-
ized by law;"' and the Senate agree to tho same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-ninth amendment of the Senate, and
atficeto the same with an amendment, as follows:
strike out of said amendment the words "five thou-
sand" and insert in lieu thereof the words " twenty-
five hundred;" and at the end ot said amendment
add the following words; " to be expended under the
direction of the Commissioner of the General Land
Officeand the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the thirty-first
amendment of tbe Senate, and agree tothesame.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the forty-third amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with the following amendment: strike
out of said amendment the word ""five;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the forty-fourth ainendmentof the Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: strike
nut of said amendment the word " five," and insert
in lieu thereof, the word " twenty;" and the Senate
ayieo to the some.
That the Tlouse recede from their disagreement to
the forty-fiUh amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same, with an amendment, as follows: strike
out of said amendment the word " twenty," and in
lieu thereof insert the word "ten."
That the House reccde from their disagreement to
the iifty-firsfc amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same with an amendment as follows: at the end
of said Senate amendment add the following: "to
pay William H. West for services rendered in taking
eare of and. keeping safely tho bonds held in trust
by the Secretary of the Treasury for the benefit of tho
Smithsonian Institution from March 1, 1850, to July
I, 1863, $2,500, to be paid out of tho Smithsonian
fund;" and the Senate agroo to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to tho sixty-sccend
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-third amendment of tho Senato, and agree
to the same with amendments, ns follows: strike out
all of said amendment after tho word "office," in
lino seven, and insert in lieu thereof tho following:
"Provided, That all the moneys standing to thecredit
of the * Patent Fund' or in tho hands of the Commis-
sioner of Patents, and all moneys hereafter received
at the Patent Office for any purpose or from any
source whatever, shall be paid into the Treasury as
received, without any deduction whatever, and the
sum of $250,000 is hereby appropriated for salaries
and miscellaneous and contingent expenses of tho
Patent Office and for withdrawals and for moneys
paid by mistake, to bo disbursed under the direction
of the Secretary of tho Interior; and it shall be the
duty of the Commissioner of Patentsto communicate
to Congress at the commencement of every Decem-
ber session a full and detailed account of moneys
received for duties on patents, and for copies of
records, and drawings, and all other moneys received
by virtue of said office, and of all moneys expended
by him under and by virtue of this provision forsaid
contingent and miscellaneous expenses and for sal-
aries, and the namesof persons to whom suchsalaries
are paid and the amounts thereof paid to each."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-seventh amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same, with an amendment, as follows'*
at the end of said amendment add the following:
"Provided, That no part of this property shallbesold
or transferred without the consent of the United
States first had and received."
E. B. TVASHBURNE,
B. V. BUTLER,
J. 33. BECK,
Managers on the part of the House.
L. M. MORRILL,
J, HARLAN,
C. COLE,
Managers on the part of the Senate*
The report of the committee of conference
was then adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
columbia deaf and dumb institution.
The House then resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 541, making appropriations
for the servicc of the Columbia Institution for
the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb, and
establishing additional regulations for the gov-
ernment of the institution.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Wasiiburne, of Illinois, to add to
the bill the following:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Interior, the chief justice of the supremo
court of the District of Columbia, tho Surgeon Gen-
eral of the Army, the chief of the Bureau of Medical
Surgery of the Navy, and the chief engineer of the
Army, shall constitute a commission, which shall bo
known and depilated asthe "Commission of Chari-
ties for tho District of Columbia."
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, Thatthesaidcom-
mission shall organize immediately uponthepassage
of this act, and the Secretary of the Interior shall be
the president thereof, and he shall designate as sec-
retary of the said commission a clerk of his Depart-
ment, who is ot the fourth class*, and who shall keep
a record of all the proceedings and transactions of
the said commission.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the said
commission shall have the full conttol and diroction
of all the appropriations made by Congress to the
charitable institutions of the said District of Colum-
bia., and of all such appropriations as may be made
for the purposes of charity in the said District, and
shall have the power of visitation and examination
of all the institutions in the said District, to the
support of which appropriations shall be made by
Congress. No money shall be drawn from the appro-
priations made to the charitable institutions of the
^District, or for the purposes of charity in said Dis-
trict, except upon the requisition of the president
of the commission, made upon an order of the com-
mission, duly entered in the journal ol their pro-
ceedings, and all tbe accounts of the said commis-
sion shall be audited by the First Auditor of tho
Treasury. And it. is hereby provided that the pro-
visions of this act shall not be deemed to include the
Government hospital for the insane in the District
of Columbia.
Seo.—. And be it further enactcd, That no money
shall bo expended for the Columbia Institution for
the Deaf and Dumb, for the Columbia Hospital for
Women and Lying-in Asylum, and for the Provi-
dence Hospital, until the title to the property, real
and personal, of ^uehinstitutions shall be transferred
to the United Stales by conveyances, certified as
being valid by the Attorney General of tho United
States, and convey ing all the right, title, and inter-
est of the said institutions in the property conveyed.
Sbo. —. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of the said commission to make a full
report to Congress at tho December session of each
year, of all its transactions and of all the expendi-
tures made under i*s direction, togetherwith a state-
ment of tbe condition of the charitable institutions
of the District for which appropriations shall have
been previously made and which shall have been
expended under its direction.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE moved that the House
adjourn, but withdrew the motion.
military peace establishment.
Mr. PILE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, by unanimous consent reported two
amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 1377) to
reduce and fix the military peace establish-
ment; which were ordered to be printed and
recommitted.
enrolled bills.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found trutly enrolled bills of the
following titles ) when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 454) for the relief of Samuel
N. Miller; and
An act (S. No. 486) to facilitate the settle-
ment of certain prize cases in the southern
district of Florida.
surveyor general of louisiana.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a letter
from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office relative to the office of the surveyor
general of Louisiana and the archives of that
office; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
vacancies in executive departments.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to have taken from the Speaker's table
the amendments of the Senate to the amend-
ments of the House to Senate bill No. 352, to
authorize the temporary supplying of vacan-
cies in the Executive Departments.
No objection was made.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that the amend-
ments of the Senate benon-concurred in ; and
that the House ask for the appointment ot a
committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed as the committee
on the part of the House Mr. Boutwell, Mr.
Wilson of Iowa, and Mr. Marshall.
commander d. lynch.
Mr. RANDALL, by unanimous consent,
presented the petition of Commander D.
Lynch, asking to be restored to the active list
of the United States Navy ; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
emmeline h. itudd,
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions a bill (H. R. No. 1431) granting a pen-
sion to Emmeline H. Rudd; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Emmeline H.
Rudd, widow of John Rudd, late a commo-
dore iu the United States Navy, and to pay
her-a pension at the rate of thirty dollars per
month, commencing November 12, 1867, and
to continue during her widowhood.
Mr. WASHBUItNE, of Illinois. Is there
any report in this case?
Mr. MILLER. There is a report, but I have
not it here.
Mr. WASHBLTRNE, of Illinois. I should
like some explanation of this bill.
_JIt. MILLER. This officer entered the
Navy in 1814, and remained in the Navy until
1867, when he died of disease contracted in
the service. And this bill is to give his widow
a pension.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This bill should bo
