18«8.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
Laic.s of the United States.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
installments, as required by a resolution of the
board of directors, after reasonable notice of
the same, the said board of directors may sell
at public auction, to the highest bidder, so
many shares of said stock as shall pay said
installments, (and the highest bidder shall be
taken to be the person who offers to purchase
ihe least number of shares for the assessment
due,) under such general regulations as may
be adopted in the by-laws of said corporation,
or may sue for or collect the same in any court
of competent jurisdiction.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That
there shall be an annual meeting of the stock-
holders for choice of directors, to be holden
at such time and place, under such conditions,
and upon such notice a3 the said company in
their by-laws may prescribe; and said direct-
ors shall annually make a report, in writing,
of their doings to Congress and to the stock-
holders.
Sec. 1(5. Andbeit further enacted, That the
mayor, council of said city, and the levy court
of said county, and the several officers of these
corpoiations, and the said corporations, are
hereby prohibited from doing any act or thing
to hinder, delay, orobstruct the construction or
operations of said railway, asherein authorized.
Sec. 17. Andbeit further enacted, That the
said company shall have at all times the free
and uninterrupted use of the road-way. And
if any person or persons shall willfully and
unnecessarily obstruct or impede the passage
or destroy the cars, depot stations, or any other
property belonging to said railway company,
the person or persons so offending shall forfeit
and pay for each such offense the sum of ten
dollars" to said company, to be recovered and
disposed of as other fines and penalties in said
city or county; and shall remain liable, in
addition to said penalty, for any loss or damage
occasioned by his, her, or their act, asafoiesaid;
but 110 suit, shall be brought unless commenced
within sixty days after such offense shall have
been committed.
Sec. 18. And be it further cnacted, That
unless said corporation shall make and com-
plete their said railway or railways between
Pennsylvania avenue and Boundary street
-within eight months after the company shall
have been organized, then this act shall be null
and void, and no rights whatsoever shall be
acquired under it; and that the remainder of
said road shall be completed within four years
to its proposed terminus m the county of
Washington.
Sec. 19. Andbeit further enacted, That there
shall be no regulations excluding any person
from any car on account of color.
Sec. 20. Andbeit further enacted, That each
of the stockholders in the " Connecticut, Ave-
nue and Park Railway Company" shall be
individually liable for all thedebt[s] and liabil-
ities of said company to an amount equal to
the amount of stock held by such stockholder.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of said company, when said
road is completed between Pennsylvania ave-
nue and Boundary street, to have prepared
tickets for passengers on their cars, and to
keep them at their office for sale by the package,
at the rate often for fifty cents, and twenty for
one dollar.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That all
the provisions of the act incorporating the
Washington and Georgetown Railroad Com-
pany, requiring reports of expenditures, earn-
ings. and otherwise, shall be applicable to the
company herein incorporated, which shall make
reports as in said act required.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, 1 hat all
acts and parts of acts heretofore passed, which
are inconsistent, with any of the provisions of
this act, are, for the purposes of this act, hereby
repealed, so far as the same are inconsistent
herewith.
Approved, July 13, 1868.
Chap. CXLT.— An Act to Incorporate the
National Hotel Company, of Washington
City.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That George EL Calvert,
R. C. Weightman, James C. McGuire, Zeph
English, George Ii. Calvert, jr., and Charles
B. Calvert, their associates, successors, and
assigns, are hereby created a body corporate
and politic by the name of the National Hotel
Company, in the city of Washington, in the
District of Columbia, and by that name they
are made capable of taking, holding, manag-
ing, improving, purchasing, leasing, for the
sole purpose of erecting and maintaining a
hotel as aforesaid, real and personal estate
within said city of Washington, not exceeding
five hundred thousand dollars in value ;^said
corporation to have a common seal, and the
same may break, alter, and renew at pleasure ;
may prosecute arid defend suits before all
proper courts and tribunals; may make and
ordain by-laws for the government of said cor-
poration, and may have and enjoy all of those
privileges and be subject to all of the liabilities
which corporations for the holding, manage-
ment, and improvement of real estate in the
city of Washington. in the U nited States, usually
enjoy or are made subject to.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, [That]
the capital stock of the said company shall not
be less than two hundred and twenty-seven
thousand dollars, be divided into shares of
five hundred dollars each, and shall be deemed
personal estate, and be transferable upon the
books of the said corporation.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, [ThatJ
the officers of the said corporation shall con-
sist of a president and treasurer, with a board
of directors, of whom the president and treas-
urer may be members, but the number of the
, directors may be fixed by the shareholders in
j the by-laws of the corporation. The president
! shall preside at the meetings of the corpora-
tion, sign certificates of tiie stock issued to
stockholders, and shall have a general over-
sight over the business and, affairs of the eor-
potation; the treasurer shall safely keep and
disburse all of the moneys of the corporation
under the direction of the board of directors;
the directors shall manage and control the
property of the corporation, and make con-
tracts in relation thereto: the treasurer, or
other officer appointed by the by-laws, shall
keep the records of the transactions of the
corporation, and shall countersign the certifi-
cates of stock issued to the stockholders.^
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, [That]
all the officers of the said corporation shall
hold their offices for one year, and until their
successors are elected and qualified to act,
unless they shall be sooner removed by the
directors. The first meeting of the corpora-
tion may be called by any person named herein
by giving previous notice of not less than five
days, to all the other persons herein named,
of the time and place of such meeting. The
• annual meetings hereafter shall be called by
| the treasurer or other officer designated by the
j board, and be held in the city of W ashington,
at the National Hotel building, on the first
Wednesday in January in each year, notice of
which shall be sent to the post office address
of each stockholder for ten days before the
time for the holding of such meeting; and
special meetings of the corporation may be
called in the manner and time to be prescribed
by the stockholders.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That each
stockholder shall be individually liable for the
debts of the corporation to the amount ot
stock held by each respectively ; and Congress
hereby reserves the right to amend, alter? 01
repeal this cliartcr at pleasure.
Approved, July IS, 1868.
Chap. CXLII.—An Act to amend the Act of
third March, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, providing for the Construction of cer-
tain Wagon-Roads in Dakota Territory.
Be it enacted by the Sen ate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of the un-
expended balance of an appropriation made
March third, eighteen .hundred and sixty-five,
for the construction of certain wagon-roads in
the Territory of Dakota, as shall not exceed
the sum of six thousand five hundred dollars,
be, and the same is hereby, applied to the
completion of the bridge over the Dakota
river, on the line of the Government road
leading from Sioux City, in the State of Iowa,
to the mouth of the Cheyenne river, in Dakota
Territory.
Approved, July 13, 1868.
Chap. CXLIII.—An Act to provide for Certain
Claims against the Department of Agricul-
ture.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be authorized to
audit the claims included in the schedule fol-
lowing, to wit: W. L. Ellison, one dollar and
fifty cents ; C. C. Anderson, seven dollars and
fifty cents; SI. W. Beverage, one hundred and
fifty dollars: W. O. Berry, six dollars and
forty-seven cents; J. H. Bourne, thirty-five
dollars: John Bell, twenty-two dollars ; C. J.
Brewer, eighty-five dollars; E. Baker, seven
dollars; T. L. Bogges, four dollars and fifty
cents; J. A. Blake, four dollars; Baltimore
Journal of Commerce and Price Current, fifteen
dollars: George Brown, one dollar and thirteen
cents; L. C. Campbell, two hundred and fifty
dollars and sixty-nine cents; G. B. Carrow,
eighty-five dollars; Cruitand Campbell, twenty
dollars; Carter, Yates, and Wisweli, sixty-
three dollars and twent.y-five cents; F. W.
Cristern, two dollars; H. L. Chapin, six dol-
lars and fifty cents; Craigen and Clever, five
dollars; Collins, Alderson, and Company,
eleven thousand seven hundred and thirty-
three dollars and eleven cents; William B.
Dana, five dollars; R. P. Eaton and Company,
one dollar and fifty cents; Espey and Burdoff,
sixty-two dollars; Samuel S. Poss, two dol-
lars ; Fisher and SchaefFer, ten dollars and
ninety cents; Nathaniel B. Fugitt, three hun-
dred and sixty-four dollars and forty-one cents;
Fowler and Company, one hundred and fifty-
three dollars and twenty-nine cents; Z. D.
Gilman, twenty-two dollars; William Hacker,
six thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine
dollars and forty cents; Hoveyand Company,
eighty-three cents; International Exchange,
(J. Mudie, agent,) two dollars; Irving and
Willey, three hundred and ninety-seven dol-
lars and thirty-five cents; Journal of Com-'
merce, seventeen dollars; A. J. Joice ana
Company, forty-eight dollars and thirteen cents;
Aug. Jordan, twenty-five dollars; J. Knox,
fifteen dollars and fifty cents ; J. M. lvuester,
two dollars; J. F. Luhme and Company, three
hundred and ninety-one dollars andfive cents;
Linton and Company, forty-five dollars; A.
M. Lawza, six dollars in gold; D. T. Moore,
three dollars; Pascal Morris, thirteen thousand
two hundred and twenty-three dollars and sixty-
six cents; J. Markriter, ten dollars; W. ii.
Moses, three hundred and sixteen dollars and
sixty-five cents; Myeis and McGhan, twenty-
five dollars and twenty-five cents; J. W. Mar-
lin, eighty-six dollars and ninety-eight cents;
E. Matlack, twenty-five cents; Munnand Com-
pany, three dollars ; National Intelligencer,
sixteen dollars ; Plant and Brother, two dol-
lars ; Z. Pratt, ten dollars; Plnlf' and Sol-
omons, fifteen dollars; F. and J. Rives, five
dollars; William Smith, six dollars; John
Saul, forty-five dollars and sixty-five oeat|j
