1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2016
as fuel. The waters of the streams from which
they caught their fish in over-abundance have
been poisoned by the thousand minerals used
in the reduction of silver and gold ore until
the fish have disappeared to a great extent.
They feel, and this Senate should understand
it, precisely as the farmers of New England
would feel if they were to see persons entering
their orchards and destroying them or into
their grain fields and reaping their harvests.
But we are told, if we say a word about that,
"Lo! the poor Indian!" Sir, no white man can
afford to be anything but magnanimous to his
inferior.
I repeat, Mr. President, that this is the
cheapest experiment we can make. If the
judgment of the honorable Senator from Ore-
gon isicorrect, and it will not do to take the
Navajoes back to their old homes, this com-
mission have the alternative of taking them to
another place. I do not believe there would
be any danger in putting them back where
they were before. Sir, white people long for
the place of their birth, and the older we grew
the old birthplace has a charm that none other
can possess. I recognize that instinct of hu-
manity that leads the Navajo back to the
hearthstone where he was born, to his old
familiar ground ; and while I would there com-
pel him, if necessary, to observe the peace of
the community, I would at the same time com-
pel those who surround him to observe the
rights of the Indian.
I am not going to discuss the policy of our
Indian affairs. I know it is natural to blame
agents and superintendents. The blame is not
there; and I do not know that there is any-
body to blame. This pioneering principle
that exists in our people, that is dotting this
continent for three thousand miles thick now
with civilization and business prosperity, comes
necessarily in antagonism with the old inhab-
itants of that region. But, sir, this country,
if it ever puts on sackcloth and ashes for any
one sin, will put them on for the sins it has
committed against the former owners of this
soil; ay, sir, and more : the recognized owners
of this soil by the Government itself.
Therefore, sir, in view of these facts and
under the circumstances that surround us, I
bespeak of this Senate a calm and humane
consideration for the proposition which this
bill contains. It will be comforting to us indi-
vidually, and it will be noble in us as a nation,
to try to stop this effusion of blood, that re-
sults more from avarice on the one side and
ignorance on the other than any other two
causes. Sir, I never see an army drawn up
in front of a tribe of Indians to kill them that
I do not think it is a degrading work. I think
—and I submit to the country if I am not
right—that the crowning glory of the general
who leads this commission, who has covered
himself with imperishable renown upon a hun-
dred fields of strife in this nation, was, after
all, in sheathing the sword and entering the
field of peaceful negotiation that brought peace
to that people and prosperity to our own.
Were I in his place I would count that one
of the proudest gems in the coronet of glory
that encircled my brow.
Sir, this experiment is going to cost $150,-
000. It would not move two companies of
soldiers from the Missouri to the Navajo region.
The bill puts $150,000 at the disposition of
this commission ; but they will not expend it
unless it is necessary to do so. That wise and
humane commission, that experienced com-
mission, have a discretion to exercise ; and I
would rather trust them than the judgment of
armies or the judgment of Congress itself. I
hope, therefore, without much delay, we shall
enable the members of this commission to
enter upon this humane work and that this
measure will be passed. If it_ saves future
appropriations, well; but, sir, if the future
appropriation which is suggested is necessary
we dare not stand before the enlightened world
in judgment and see suffering Indians upon
this territory, that we are driving like chaff
before the resistless wind of population, and
have it said of us that we are a party to their
sufferings instead of striving to alleviate them.
Sir, money thus expended will not impoverish
the nation; it will enrich it in riches more
estimable than gold or silver. I hope, there-
fore, that this measure may be passed. It
seems to be born of the necessity of the time;
If this experiment should receive the sanction
of Congress, it seems to me, it will meet the
judgment of a people desirous of peace.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, this is
an old story to the members of the Indian Com-
mittee particularly, and it is to a great extent
also familiar to the members of the Senate.
If there has been any transaction in Govern-
ment administration connected with outlays of
public money which deserves notice and ani-
madversion this business of removing the Nava-
joes to an unsuitable location and supporting
them there is of that class.
From the information which I have obtained
by service on the committee and from the
public documents, I believe that no less than
$10,000,000 have been expended upon these
seven or eight thousand Navajo Indians. Their
number is now somewhat less than it was when
this peculiar experiment by the military au-
thorities began. It is likely that the number
has fallen from about eight thousand down to
about six thousand; and there, at the end of
many years, after our outlays have been enor-
mous for their support, we are told that they
are in an entirely destitute condition, and that
the case stands no better than it did when the
experiment began.
Now, Mr. President, I should like to know
whether there is no security to the Govern-
ment, and particularly to the Treasury of the
United States, against the foolish performances
of military officers in the western country;
whether a subordinate officer in command can
undertake to establish a system of policy pro-
ducing prodigious expense to the Government,
and that we shall be impotent and powerless to
arrest him or to defeat the consequences of his
conduct? General Carleton, of his own will,
so far as I know, without instructions from
the War Department or from any superior offi-
cer, undertook to remove these Navajo Indians
from their own country, where they possessed
the land; where they had settlements, where
they were prosecuting branches of industry ;
and he conveyed them two hundred and fifty
miles to the banks of the Pecos river and there
located them, and sent us a report of his pro-
ceedings. I have the report before me, or a
synopsis of it.
We were then told by the superintendent
of Indian affairs in that Territory, a very com-
petent and a very worthy man, that the Bosque
Redondo reservation, to which the Indians
were taken :
" Was barely sufficient for the Apaches, for whom
itwasset apart; that the Navajoes and Apaches could
not live together upon it; that the Navajoes could
best support themselves upon a reservation in their
own country, where f hey had always been an agricul-
tural and pastoral people, raising large crops and
making their own garments "—
They are very celebrated for the making of
blankets, and their blankets command the
markets in all the neighboring regions in New
Mexico—
"from the produce of their own flocks, and that the
enormous expense of feeding them at the Bosque Re-
dondo, counting by millions almost, was an unneces-
sary expenditure."
That is what we were told by our own officer
who had charge of the Indian affairs in the
Territory of New Mexico. On the contrary,
General Carleton and those who thought with
him represented the case differently, and this
is what was said by them:
"They insisted that for the sake of permanent
peace the Navajoes inustbc taken entirely away from
their own country, and that when once settled upon
a reservation they would provide for their own sup-
port."
And we were asked to appropriate money
for a single season until these Indians, by the
cultivation of the soil, by bringing into use the
processes of irrigation which are known in that
portion of the country, could maintain and
support themselves for the future under the
charge and guardianship of a very small mili-
tary force as compared with that whieh would
be necessary to keep them in a state of peace
or to repress their hostilities in their former
location.
Now, Mr. President, it is quite wide of the
mark to apply to this tribe or stock of In-
dians arguments and reasoning which apply
to Indians further north, to tlie wild and
roaming savages who never cultivate the
earth. We are told here that hostilities had
existed for a century or more between these
Indians and the inhabitants of New Mexico.
The fact is that those hostilities were only
occasional and they were upon a small scale ;
and so far as. recent hostilities are concerned
the evidence which we have is that they were
provoked by the New Mexicans, and not by
the Indians. In New Mexico a system of
peonage existed, the remnants of which we
took pains to abolish a year or two since by
act of Congress, and the New Mexicans seized
upon the Indian women and children, and
reduced them to a state of quasi servitude,
and that inflamed the resentment of the Nav-
ajoes, who are a much better, nobler, and
more advanced race of Indians than almost
any other tribe of which we have an account
upon our continent; and there were some
border difficulties.
Now, sir, a foolish military commander con-
cludes that he, by adopting a new and grand
policy, will render himself distinguished or
promote the service of his country. His mo-
tives I am not concerned with ; the Senate are
not concerned with them ; but they are con-
cerned with the results which flowed from his
policy.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Pennsylvania whether any steps
have been taken to bring General Carleton to
justice for his unauthorized removal of that
tribe of Indians from their homes, and the im-
mense expenditure of public money that has
been the consequence?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, in the
course of four or five years, except a few in-
signifiant and obscure courts-martial in the
regular service of the Army, I do not know
that a military officer has been brought to
justice for any outrage of any description,
whether it was the seizure of a citizen in viola-
tion of law, the provoking of an unnecessary
Indian war upon the border, or any other im-
propriety or outrage. They seem to do pretty
much what they please, and are not called to
account for their conduct. I do not under-
stand that General Carleton has been called to
account in any way whatever, except, perhaps,
that he has been to some extent rebuked by a
failure to confirm him when nominated for pro-
motion to the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator why it is that for four or five
years, with these facts staring Congress in the
face, these Indians have been suffered to remain
upon this reservation and supported at this
immense expense? Is this something that has
broken upon us to-day, or are these facts that
have been all the time known to Congress?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Because at every suc-
ceeding session gentlemen have repeated argu-
ments such as have been now submitted by the
Senator from Oregon, have told us that if the
Indians were restored to their former place of
residence war would break out afresh, and
that it would take a great many regiments to
keep them in subjection, whereas upon this
reservation only six hundred or eigl*k hundred
troops were necessary, and where there are
two or three thousand acres of land blooming
under the hand of cultivation; where the streams
are to be turned over the surface, the soil is to
be irrigated, and where we are to have a small
land of Goshen in eastern New Mexico under
military auspices—a splendid experiment of
settlement and of colonization. That' seems
to have been the reason why Congress has not
made an end of this thing.
At the last Congress, in February last, we
did take some action. We provided that these
