1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4063
amended so as to provide for. the payment of
this pension out of the naval pension fund.
Sir. MILLER. I will not object to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I move that the
House now take a recess.
The motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes
p. m.) the House took a recess until half past
seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., and, agreeably to order, resolved
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union (Mr. Cullom in the chair)
for general debate, Mr. Jones, of Kentucky,
being entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. At the request
of my friend from Ohio [Mr. Van Trump] I
have consented to yield to him this evening,
and will take some future occasion to express
my views upon the pending political issues.
congressional regulation of suffrage.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Mr. Chairman, I pro-
pose to speak to-night to a bill now pending
in committee, and introduced into this House
by my colleague, [Mr. Shellabaeger,] in-
tended to regulate, by Federal authority, the
election of members of Congress in Ohio at
the coming elections; and I do so for the reason
that we are rapidly approaching the close of
the session, in consequence of which, under a
recent rule of the House, the bill may at any
time be reported back under the operation of
the previous question, thus cutting off all
opportunity of exposing to the country, and
especially to the people of Ohio, the uncon-
stitutional enormities which it involves. Sir,
the Chinese have a proverb that " Medicine is
good for sickness, but not for fate the moral
of which is, that it is useless to struggle against
the Inevitable. This wise saw of our oriental
friends is daily exemplified within these walls
in regard to everything the minority may say
or do upon any matter which, by any possibil-
ity, can be tortured into a party question.
Sir, if it were not that we may occasionally
exhibit some wholesome constitutional medi-
cine to a people sick with the political nos-
trums of Republican quacksalvers, we on this
side of the House would have very little in-
ducement to indulge in the cacoethes loquetidi
so liberally enjoyed by our friends across the
way. It is not, therefore, with any vain or
delusive hope that Ishall possess the power to
change a single vote, the capacity to reach a
single conscience, or even for a moment be
able to check the wild and revolutionary on-
ward march of the majority on this floor, that
I rise to speak to this extraordinary bill. Sir,
" Ephraim is joined to his idolsand although
we here on this side of the House may not be
disposed to " let him alone" in his idolatrous
worship stern necessity compels us to yield to
II superior force," and to content ourselves, by
voice and vote, to protest in the name of the
people against such oft-repeated and accumu-
lating outrage and oppression. This bill, as
presented by my colleague from the capital
district, [Mr. Shei.labarger,] is only a part
of a deliberate and well-planned scheme to
centralize and consolidate all the powers of
the Government, the total absorption of the
rights as well as the sovereignty of' the States,
into the all-ingulfing maelstrom of congres-
sional usurpation.
Sir, the apprehensions and the prophetic
warnings of many a revolutionary patriot in
the debates upon the formation of our Consti-
tution in general Convention, and of the several
State conventions in its ratification, are now
being fearfully realized in almost every measure
of the party now in power—reconstruction acts,
negro suffrage bills, radical changes in the judi-
ciary for mere party ends, unconstitutional
aggression upon the executive department of
the Government, thedemolition of State rights,
the supremacy of the military over the civil
authority, corruption and extravagance un-
bounded, the dictation and erection by Federal
power of State constitutions against the will
of the people over whom they are declared to
be perpetual and unchangeable; all these bold,
baa acts, by bold if not bad statesmen,, tend
to fasten upon the thoughtful mind the inevit-
able conviction that our unhesitating and un-
scrupulous opponents have formed the devilish
determination to change this proud and well-
ordered confederation of independent States
into a centralized and powerful despotism, the
Republic into an empire.
Sir, these men and this party forget or seem
to be indifferent to the great political and
philosophical fact, that there exists in the civ-
ilization of free government something higher
and holier than mere party; that private sel-
fishness is not public virtue; that temporary
success in political organizations may be pur-
chased at too dear a price; and that the penalty
of violated law and the inevitable consequences
of a criminal disregard of moral and constitu-
tional obligations on the part of public rulers
will sooner or later follow as the avengers of
public justice. Sir, I know it is attempted to
make the advocates of State-rights under the
Constitution odious in public opinion because
a poi-tion of the American people, led on by
selfish and ambitious leaders, in an evil and
most unfortunate hour for them attempted to
assert the doctrine through the heresy of seces-
sion. But their error, or even their wicked
design, does not affect or invalidate its exist-
ence under the Constitution. The fact that
they mistook their remedy does not vindicate
us in an equally unjustifiable and revolu-
tionary assault upon that same Constitu-
tion. If they wickedly braved the dangers of
Scylla it is no reason why we should foolishly
encounter the kindred dangers of Charybdis.
Because they attempted to destroy the Gov-
ernment by force of arms is no good reason
why we should subvert and overthrow it by
usurpation. I know, sir, that the self-approv-
ing excuse offered for all these high-handed
usurpations of power, both during and since
the war, is the miserable delusion and fallacy
that it was necessary to do so in order to save
what is flippantly called the "life of the na-
tion." The life of the nation, sir! What is
the life of the nation? "The way, the truth,
and the life" of this nation, if it may appro-
priately be called a nation, is its organic law,
the Constitution, which gave it vitality and
being. That Constitution is the political pab-
ulum which sustains its existence; it is the
breath of its nostrils; it is the blood of its
veins and arteries ; it is that, and that alone,
through which it "breathes and moves apd
has its being." The whole legal, national life
pulsates from the heart of the Constitution,
sending its currents of health and vigor
through every part and ramification of the
body-politic. I am aware, Mr. Speaker, that
some enterprising speculators in the theory of
government upon the floor of this House have
boldly repudiated this old-fashioned princi-
ple of the inner life o^the Republic, and claim
to have discovered in their indefatigable re-
searches a more convenient external power of
national life " outside of the Constitution."
So enamored was the distinguished gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] with
this new discovery that he not long ago re-
buked his friends for denying that be had made
the declaration that we were legislating outside
of the Constitution. He seems to be specially
proud of the position, wholly unconscious or
regardless of the fact that the proposition is a
naked political fdo de se. Does not the hon-
orable gentleman know that Congress itself is
nothing more than the mere creature of the
Constitution? He knows as well as any man
can know, for no one doubts his great legal
ability, that Congress has no rightful powers
but such as it derives from the Constitution,
and that all powers exercised not derived from,
that instrument is mere naked, unqualified
usurpation. He knows that he can just as
reasonably affirm that animal life could exist
without an atmosphere as that the legislative
powers ofthisSovernment can legally existwith-
ont or outside of the Constitution. He knows
that the Constitution is the creator of the law-
making power just as well as he knows that
God created him; and that it is just as absurd
to declare that we, as a political body, can
exist " outside" of the Constitution as it would
be impious to say that poor, weak, and erring
man could exist without God, the universal
Creator.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I shall show very con-
clusively I think before I take my seat that
the legislation proposed by this bill is just as
clearly "outside" the Constitution as are any
of the acts admitted by the gentleman from.
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to be extra-con-
stitutional. Sir, the fact that this most anom-
alous bill now under consideration has been
introduced into this House for the purpose of
improperly interfering with the just authority
of State legislation, is only another indication
that the party now in power is the legitimate
successor of the old Fedeial party of 1801 in
everything which tends to centralize and con-
solidate the powers of the General Government
by the absorption of all local State authority,
so carefully separated and distributed by the
Constitution existing in common over all. I
shall not stop to recite the evidence of this
proposition ; it is to be found upon almost every
page of the Statutes-at-Large, teeming with
congressional usurpation for the last eight
years.
The bill now before us is of the same charac-
ter. In order that its vicious object may be
clearly understood a brief analysis of its pro-
visions should be presented. The preamble
recites that by the constitution of the State of
Ohio persons of African descent with a pre-
ponderance of white blood are entitled to vote
for members of Congress ; that on the 16th
day of April, 1868, the Legislature of said State
passed an act designed to render it impracti-
cable for such electors to vote at any electioa
in said State, and which said act, for that rea-
son, has been declared by the supreme court of
said State to be in violation of the constitution
of said State and void ; that by the Constitution
of the United States the Congress may at any
time, by law, make or alter the regulations of
any State as to the time, place, undmanner of
holding elections for Representatives in Con-
gress ; that to the end that all the legal electors
of saidState may be permitted freely to vote for
such Representatives, it is provided in said
bill that so far as the act of the Legislature of
said State attempts to control the manner of
holding elections of Representatives in Con-
gress, the same is set aside and rendered void;
and the manner of holding such elections, and
of challenging and determining upon the right
of such electors to vote for such Represent-
atives, and the character and amount of evi-
dence, interrogatories, and answers which may
be required to determine the right of such
electors to vote as aforesaid, and the rights of
such electors shall, in all respects, be the same
as they would be if the said act had not been
passed.^ The bill further provides that when-
ever said electors having African blood shall
tender to the judges of election a ballot, with
the words "lor Representative in Congress
only" written or printed on the back thereof,
and said judges or other persons shall, under
the px-ovisions of said act, challenge said elec-
tors' right to vote, or shall in any way attempt
to enforce the provisions of said act, and said
electors having African blood shall be pre-
vented from voting, either by force, violence,
threats, intimidation, or by reason of the en-
