1868.
THI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
along without warehouses of some kind at tlie
distilleries to collect the tax. If you are going
to leave the whisky lie around until the stamps
can be put upon it and paid for, then you will
out-Herod all the looseness that has ever been
practiced in the warehouses or out of the ware-
houses. e have seen this to be so necessary
that we have taken care to guard this whisky
by provisions of law, every drop of it, as far
as practicable, from the moment it leaves the
worm till it goes into the distillery or ware-
house, and is made there a subject of taxation,
and is released from it upon the payment of
the tax. But a distillery warehouse is neces-
sary, and I want the parties in addition to other
taxes to pay for the warehouse. If the gentle-
man wants to get rid of that, and save the
distiller twenty-five dollars, that is another
thing. He wants to tax bonded warehouses.
So do I; but I want to tax distillery ware-
houses also. And if we _ have export ware-
houses I want to tax them also. I want to tax
every proprietor of every bonded warehouse in
the United States, everywhere and for all pur-
poses. The more they make of these ware-
houses the more tax we shall get. It may
be important not to have many classes of them ;
but whether we have few or many I want to put
at least twenty-five dollars on each proprietor.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire a moment to an-
swer the gentleman. I am glad to find that
he begins to agree with me. He wants to tax
bonded warehouses, and so do I. But I want
to tax them under their proper names. If the
gentleman wants bonded warehouses for dis-
tilled spirits, let them be named as such. But
then I propose to tax these warehouses more
lhan twenty-five dollars. But I want to col-
ect the tax on distilled spirits at the worm of
the still. The gentleman need not try to make
sport, as he has several times endeavored to
<io, about measuring out the spirits by the
quart at the worm of the still, in order to pre-
vent gentlemen from getting a true idea of the
pioper manner of collecting the tax at the
The way to collect it is at the place
where the distiller keeps his whisky when he
gauges the barrels. You propose to reduce
die whisky tax and give the distiller his bonded
warehouse, and then you propose to tax the
bonded warehouse. Sow, I am for taxing the
warehouses and making the law apply to them
under their speeific names.
Make your warehouses for the storing of
merchandise and warehouses for storing whisky
alone. And when you come to make ware-
houses exclusively for the storing of whisky, I
am for taxing them more than twenty-live dol-
lars. There is the distinction between the gen-
tleman and myself. Now, if gentlemen are
sincere—and I presume they are—if you in-
tend to have these warehouses that you are
now talking about for merchandise, why not
say so? Then my proposition is correct and
proper. Then when you put a tax upon your
whisky warehouses say so, and let the country
understand it-
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Is not
whisky merchandise?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not mean to say but
that it is ; but if you will put it in this law in
the way 1 suggest, and have your whisky ware-
houses separate from the others, then the law
wilt exclude distilled spirits from the ware-
house for merchandise. I desire each class of
bonded warehouses to staud onits own merits.
This is intended for customs warehouses, I
presume, because I suppose the gentleman does
not intend to tax bonded warehouses for hold-
ing whisky the same as for storing something
else that does not pay half the tax. Now, let
us declare the customs warehouses to be tax-
able at twenty-five dollars, and then if the
House determines to have bonded warehouses
for whisky, tax them according to the charac-
ter of the article they contain.
The amendment of Mr. Logan was dis-
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Dealers in petroleum, whose annual sales do not
eseeed $10,000, shall each pay ten dollars, and when
the annual sales exoe.edSX0,OOO shall pay, in addition,
one dollar f<jr every $1,000 in excess of $10,000. Every
person who is an owner or operator of an oil well, or
whose business it is, either for himself or others, to
buy or^ sell crude petroleum, shall be regarded as a
dealer in petroleum.
Mr. SCOFIELD. In line five hundred and
ninety-nine I move to strike out the word '' an''
and to insert in lieu thereof "a productive ;"
so that it will read : " Every "person who is an
owner or operator of a productive oil well,"
&c.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not think that amend-
ment should be adopted. I oppose it.
Mr. WOODWARD. I beg leave to inquire
of my colleague what he means by a "pro-
ductive oil well?"
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will withdraw it, and
renew it for the purpose of explaining.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can do
so if there be no objection.
No objection was made.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The words are "an owner
or operator of an oil well." If only the word
'' operator'' had been used it would have meant
to limit the tax to productive wells. But the
owner of any oil well that is not at present
yielding oil, although it may at some future
time yield oil or has yielded it in .the past, ought
not to be taxed or considered as a dealer in
oil. Perhaps he might be so considered under
the construction of this clause, and it will
make it clearer if we put in the word "pro-
ductive."
Mr. UPSON. I call the attention of the
gentleman to the first part of the paragraph.
It relates to dealers "whose annual sales do
not exeeed $10,000." The oil well, therefore,
must be productive; there has got to be a sale
of- some kind.
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not want to debate
this matter. I wish to say, however, that I
would rather strike out this whole paragraph
with regard to oil. I do not think we ought
to tax it in any form whatever, or to tax either
the owner or the operator of an oil well.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The language of the para-
graph is "whose whole annual sales do not
exceed $1,000." Now, if he only sells a gal-
lon he will have to pay the tax.
Mr. UPSON. Would it not be a "pro-
ductive" well if it produced a gallon?
Mr. SCOFIELD. No ; I suppose not. At
all events, the insertion of the word can do no
harm.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move to strike out
the whole paragraph.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to suggest to the'
gentleman from Pennsylvania that he alter his
amendment, and move to amend the paragraph
so as to read, "Every person who is an owner
or lessee and operator of an oil well," &c.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will accept that mod-
ification.
Mr. Scoheld's amendment, as modified,
was agreed to.
Mr. WOODWARD. I withdraw the motion
to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out the
word "one," in line five hundred and ninety-
seven, and to insert " two" in lieu thereof; so
that it will read: "shall pay in addition two
dollars for every$l,000 in excessof$10,000."
I offer this amendment because it has been
intimated that the provision in this bill taxing
oil specifically ten cents per gallon is to be
stricken out. I believe the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means intimated as
much in his opening remarks. I do not know
what may be the fate of that proposition, but
if that tax is to be stricken out, then dealers in
oil should be placed precisely on a par with all
other dealers in this country and pay two dol-
lars on their sales in excess of $10,000, as
every other dealer is obliged to do. If the
provision taxing oil specifically shall not be
stricken out, then I shall be willing to go back
and restore this tax to one dollar.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suggest to my colleague
that he enter his motion, and that the vote on
it be reserved. I agree with, him that if we
take off the tax of ten cents per gallon the
least we can do will be to put dealers in oil
on the same footing with other dealers.
I ask that by unanimous consent this amend-
ment may be reserved.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was reserved.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
Distillers of oil shall each pay fifty dollars. Every
person who shall distill, refine, or filter petroleum or
oil from coal, asphaltum, shale, peat, or other bitu-
minous substances, or shall manufacture illuminat-
ing or lubricating- oil, or shall mix, purify, filter, or
prepare in any other manner any of tho products of
such refillii!s process, distillation, or manufacture,
shall be regarded as a distiller of oil.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not object to this
tax, but I wish to have it graduated, and I
have prepared an amendment for that purpose.
I move to strike out the first sentence, " dis-
tillers of oil shall each pay fifty dollars," and
insert in lieu thereof the following:
Distillers of oil. who manufacture not more than ten
thousand barrels a year, shall pay twenty-live dol-
lars ; those who manufacture more than ten thousand
and less than fifteen thousand barrels shall pay filty
dollars; and all who manufacture more than fifteen
thousand barrels annually shall pay seventy-five
dollars.
I represent a district largely interested in the
refining of this article, petroleum. I believe
the manufacturers do not so much object to
this tax of fifty dollars ; but a great many of
them are small manufacturers, and the twenty-
five dollars tax which I propose will, perhaps,
be enough for them to pay ; I refer to small
manufacturers who manufacture twenty, twenty-
five, or thirty barrels a day. We have some
who manufacture two hundred, three hundred,
and even five hundred barrels a day. I pro-
pose by my amendment to graduate the tax,
and make the large manufacturers pay seventy-
five dollars, the small manufacturers twenty-
five dollars, and the medium fifty dollars.
Mr. MAYNARD. Are there any manufac-
turers who would pay seventy-five dollars under
this amendment?
Mr. SPALDING. Yes; there are several
in my district.
Mr. ALLISON. I think this paragraph and
the preceding paragraph should be passed over
for the present. If the subsequent section is
stricken out there should be an addition to this
Mr. SPALDING. I do not think the sub-
sequent section will be stricken out. The tax
on mineral oil has been reduced from twenty
cents to ten cents per gallon ; and it will be
putting me in an embarrassing position if we
take it all off.
Mr. ALLISON. Very well; I will go with
the gentleman.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend the
amendment so as to provide that the person
who runs but one still shall pay ten dollars. I
think the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] is very much mistaken in regard to the
disposition of this House if he thinks it will
not relieve this oil interest from the specific
tax per gallon. From conversations with a
very large number of the members of this
House, I am very sure they will not be in favor
of continuing all this expensive machinery for
the collection of a tax so small yet so oppress-
ive, considering the amount. I feel very sure
the whole tax per gallon will be stricken out,
and I hope the gentleman will aid us in doing
so when we come to it. I am of this opinion
from conversations that I have had with, I
suppose, one half of the members of this
House.
Mr. SPALDING. Of course I cannot be
expected to oppose the relieving of my people
altogether from this tax, and I shall vote for
it. But I do not ask for it; I do not think my
constituents ask for it; I do not think they feel
the necessity for it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. A great many of the gen-
tleman's constituents have asked me for it.
The gentleman has been absent a short time,
and a great many of his constituents have come
