4064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14 j
forcemcntby said judges of the provisions of said
act, then it shall be lawful for such electors hay-
ing African blood to hold at such place in said
voting precinct as they may select a separate
poll for Representative in Congress, at which
all such electors of said precinct may vote for
Representative in Congress ; that for the or-
ganization of such poll it shall be lawful for
such electors having African blood to choose
the judges and officers of such separate poll
iu the same manner as is provided by law in
said State when the judges of election shall
fail to attend.
The bill further provides that any judge or
other officer of election, who shall enforce any
of the provisions of said void act so as to pre-
vent any such elector from voting at the same
poll with the other electors of said State for
Representative alone, or so as to hinder, delay,
or control his casting such ballot for Represen-
tative alone, at either the regular or said sepa-
rate poll, shall be guilty of a high crime, and
upon conviction thereof shall be fined in any
sum not exceeding $10,000, or imprisonment
not exceeding one year, or both, at the discre-
tion of the court.
Such, Mr. Chairman, are the extraordinary
provisions of this most extraordinary bill now,
by the force of party drill, sought to be en-
acted into a solemn law by what ought to be
the solemn Congress of the United States!
Sir, a high and weighty responsibility rests
upon the Republican party for these persistent
innovations upon the wpll-settled practice of
the Government, and these oft-repeated per-
versions of the plainest provisions of the Con-
stitution. Where, I would most seriously in-
quire, in the Constitution of the United States,
upon a state of fact as here alleged in this bill,
does the honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Shbliabaeoeii] find authority for any legisla-
tion such as he now proposes ? I confidently
assert that nowhere within the lids of that Con-
stitution can such authority be found. I defy
any gentleman on this floor to point to a single
line or syllable to sustain such a bill upon such
a state of facts.
The honorable gentleman, [Mr. Siiei.la-
bargeh,] with all his acknowledged legal abil-
ity, in his over-wrought zeal for the negro and
the supremacy of his party, has wholly mis-
conceived and misapprehended the true mean-
ing of the constitutional provisions upon which
he has evidently framed this bill. Sir, what
arc these provisions? Let us examine them
for a moment in the light of the contempora-
neous history of the Constitution, as exhibited
in the debates upon its formation and ratifica-
tion, as well as in the commentaries of those
great legal minds who have established its con-
struction, and see whether the founders of the
Government ever contemplated a bill like the
one now before us. The fourth section of the
first article of the Constitution reads as fol-
lows :
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions tor Senators and Representatives shall bo pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof;
but the Congress may at any time, by law, make or
alter such regulations, except as to the places of
choosing Senators."
Mr. Chairman, as illustrative of the genius
and peculiar structure of our Government, and
which marks so clear and distinctive a line of
separation from all other civilized Govern-
ments, whether aucient or modern, I know of
no clause in this Constitution of ours more
characteristic than the one now under consid-
eration. None more clearly exhibits that
equipoise of power, or the manifestation of
that system ot chocks and balances which runs
through the Constitution in the distribution
of its powers, either as between the several
departments or the Federal and State Gov-
ernments. Edmund Burke, in his beautiful
picl ure of the British constitution, a mere tra-
ditional organ of Government, not made per-
manent by parchment covenants, like ours, but
subject to change and revolution through the
whims and caprice of unrestricted parliament-
ary power, describes it as—
"A scheme to prevent any ono of its principles from
being carried as far as, taken by itself, and theoreti-
cally,it would go; that to avoid the imperfection of
extremes all its several parts are so constituted as
not alone to answer tbeir own severalends, but also
each to limit and control the other; insomuch that
take which of the principles you pleaso you will find
its operation checked and stopped at a certain point;
and that the wholo movement stands still rather
than that any part should proceed beyond its bound-
ary."
Sir, that magnificent description of the work-
ings of the English political machinery, by one
of England's profoundest thinkers, is but a
literal transcript, a constitutional photograph,
of the very spirit and design of the section we
are now considering. The Federal Congress
is a direct representation of the people of the
several independent States of the Union. But
while it represents the entire body of the peo-
ple, subdivided into States, it also forms one
of the groat branches of the General Govern-
ment. The Constitution, therefore, as the
instrument of supreme government over all,
carefully provides that while the power of
fixing the times, places, and manner of hold-
ing the elections for these Representatives
shall be given primarily and plesarily to the
people of these several States, yet, for the
purpose of checking a possible abuse of this
power, and more especially with the object of
shielding the General Government from any
combination among the States to harass or
break it up by a non-user or misuser of the
power, the Constitution, thus understood, wisely
confers upon Congress a supervisory but con-
tingent and secondary authority to prcveiitsuch
calamity.
It is not to be denied, Mr. Chairman, that
upon first blush and a hasty and inconsiderate
reading of this section by those not thoroughly
familiar with the history of the Constitution
there would seem to be some probable ground
for the legislation now proposed. But we are
not lo stop at even the most careful and
thoughtful reading of the section. There is a
vast field of other elements of interpretation.
In the first place, allow me to say that there is
furnished to us no inconsiderable canon of
construction, no trifling circumstance for our
consideration as legislators, in the remarkable
fact that this section has been suffered to lie
dormant for more than eighty years, a period
which embraces some of the fiercest struggles
between parlies strictly founded upon the great
question of Federal power in the Government
as against the counterpoising force of local and
State authority. It is, Mr. Chairman, a most
pregnant fact—a fact which cannot be ignored
or disregarded upon the question oi power now
sought to be exercised—that this is the first
bill of the kind ever presented for the action
of the Representatives of the people since the
foundation of the Government.
In the stormiest periods of the Republic, at
a time when Federal supremacy was sought to
subordinate all State authority whatever, even
upon questions in which the Constitution in
express terms recognizes the paramount force
of the State governments, no man ever dreamed,
no Congress ever imagined, that the fourth
section of that Constitution would support a
bill like the present upon any such state of fact
as is therein set forth, even in relation to white
men, much less to negroes. Mr. Chairman, I
repeat, because it is the point of the argument,
that nothing iu that entire Constitution better
exhibits and exemplifies the peculiar character
of our Government in its checks and balances,
in its limitations of power upon and among its
several departments, as well as between the
State and Federal Goverftments, by way of pro-
tection to each against the aggressive spirit of
any or all the others, than this very fourth sec-
tion now under consideration. It was not for
the accumulation of indefinite legislative power
at large in the General Government, but it was
for the simple purpose of protecting that_Gov-
ernment in the specific powers with which it
was clothed by the States themselves, that this
section was inserted in the Constitution.
It was intended as a shield of defense, and
not as a weapon of attack in the hands of the
Government. Our fathers, in balancing and
adjusting this complex machinery of Govern-
ment, understood as well as any mere human
comprehension could understand the aggress-
ive and grasping character of all organized
political power, and the imminent danger which
was to be apprehended in a struggle for suprem-
acy between the General and State Govern-
ments. Thatthisistlietrue character of the pro
visions of the Constitution upon which this bill
is sought to be sustained, I shall now proceed
to show by the debates upon this subject, bolh
in the general and in nearly all of the Stale
conventions. But before I come to this part
of the argument I wish to recur to another
point already touched upon. The provisions
of this section belong to what has been very
aptly termed the "extreme medicine" of the
Constitution—a dormant power reserved to
be exercised only on extraordinary emergen-
cies, when what our friends on the other side
of the House denominate the "life of the
nation" is endangered by the encroachments
of one branch of the Government upon another.
This is manifest from the fact that thepower
has never heretofore been resorted to in the
ordinary arrangements for the election of mem-
bers of the House of Representatives. If it
was intended that Congress should have the
right to interfere in the usual arrangements for
the election of Representatives, without regard
to any danger, real or apprehended, to the en-
tirety of representation in the General Gov-
ernment, it is a most remarkable and unex-
plained fact that Congress never has interfered,
even at periods when such danger might have
been reasonably anticipated, liven atan early
day in the history of the Government, when
one of the New England States, in a spirit of
secession, whose votaries now they would con-
sign to "hell's dark concave" and everlasting
fires, withdrew her representatives from the
national Legislature, no attempt was made by
Congress to exercise the power granted in this
fourth section of the Constitution. Again, sir,
if my learned colleague [Mr. Shellabaimjeh] is
right in his construction of these provisions by
supposing they will support the principles of
his hill, why is it that Congress has neverhere-
tofore corrected the numerous discrepancies
and want of uniformity growing out of the ex-
ercise of the power of regulating these elections
by the several State Legislatures?
The States have regulated the times, the
places, and the manner of electing Represent-
atives to Congress, exclusively and without
Federal interference, since the foundation of the
Government. Will my learned friend explain
this fact consistently with his present interpre-
tation ofthe Constitution? There is a total want
of uniformity both in the time and in the man-
ner of these elections, and yet we never, until
now, when party success is so transcendently
important, heard of any attempt by Congress
to correct the evil. In some of the States the
candidate must have a majority of all the votes
cast; in others a plurality is the rule. In some
they are chosen viva voce : in others by ballot.
The discrepancy of the time of holding these
elections in the several States sometimes works
very marked results as to representation iu the
House, because we all know that it has fre-
quently occurred that at an extra session,
called perhaps by some pressing public emer-
gency, whole States have been without repre-
sentation in this body. And yet no one oi the
many very able men in Congress, during all
this time, has been lawyer enough to under-
stand the proper interpretation of these previs-
ions of the Constitution, if the learned gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabakueb,] has at
last discovered their true intent and meaning.
Sir, if this last construction is the right one,
then the fathers who framed the Constitution,
and the ablest law-writers whose commenta-
ries upon it have been accepted as its correct
interpretation, have been most singularly mis-
taken in regard to its true intent and meaning.
I shall cite but a few of the many passages
from the writings of these able men to sustain
the view 1 have taken of this question. In the
first place, Mr. Justice Story will be recog-
