m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20#
Senate had already passed judgment, inas-
much, particularly, as this quesuou had been
determined by the Senate when the joint reso-
lution was referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs. Now my honorable friend knows
that nothing is more foreign lrom the fact in
this case, and from the fact in almost all cases,
than such a supposition. The Senate never
passed-any judgment at all upon this question.
The member who chooses to introduce a bill
generally gives any direction to it that he
pleases. The very title of this proposition
would have indicated, if it had not been di-
rected. out of its ordinary chaunel, that it
should have gone to the Committee on Com-
merce. What presiding officer would have
thought that a bill touching the consular ser-
vice of the country should properly go to the
Committee on Naval Affairs? I could answer
the honorable Senator with somelittle severity,
I think, if 1 were to say that if the Senate
passed judgment in this case it was induced
by a misdirection of this bill in the hands of
the party who offered it.
A word now in regard to my honorable friend
from Iowa. He puts me iu the attitude of say-
ing that 1 have prejudged this case, and am
utterly hostile to the measure. I do not think
I have said anything to authorize that Senator
to put me in that position toward this resolu-
tion before the country, and particularly before
the officers of the Navy. What I have said is,
that the Committee on Naval Affairs have
undertaken to judge and determine in a ques-
tion that does not belong to them. Whether
these men are competent or not, whether this
is the best thing or not, I say does not belong
to the Committee on Naval Affairs. That is
all I have said ; and the Senator from Iowa is
not authorized to declare that from what I have
already said I am hostile to this measure and
therefore disqualified to examine it impartially.
Mr. GRIMES. All I have to say, then, is
that I, in company with all my friends around
me, was very unfortunate in understanding the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. JOHNSQN. Air. President, I gave way
to the honorable member from Michigan upon
his statement, in which, of course, he was sin-
cere, that the measure now before us would not
occupy the Senate more than a few minutes.
It has occupied its time already some hour and
a half. If a vote is to be taken now I shall not
make the motion which I would otherwise
make 
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the friends and oppo-
nents of the measure are willing that the vote
should now be taken, I will not make the mo-
tion I was about to make to postpone it until
to-morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator will
permit me to suggest that I had just made a
motion to lay it on the table, and I think the
Senate is ready to vote upon that proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that this resolution
lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CONTRACTION Of THE currency.
Ob motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate
proceeded to consider the action of the House
of Representatives upon the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 213) to sus-
pend further reduction of the currency.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
insist on its amendments and ask a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and the Presi-
dent pro tempore being authorized to appoint
the conferees on the part of the Senate, Messrs.
Catteix, Trumbull, and Morton were ap-
pointed.
house bills referred.
_ The following bills were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee oil Pen-
sions:
_ A bill (H. R. No. 453) increasing the pen-
sion ofNancy Weeks, widow of Francis Weeks,
  soldier pf the «u of 1812;
A bill (H. R. No. 454i) {ranting a pension
to John Kelly;
A bill iH. R. No. 455) granting a pension
to David Van Nostrand; and
A bill (H. 11. No. 450) granting a pension
to the children of Pleasant Stoops.
A bill (H. 11. No. 452) for the relief of Cap-
tain C. P. Johnson was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 154) in rela-
tion to the settlement of the accounts of certain
officers aud agents who have disbursed public i
money under the direction of the chief of En-
gineers was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia. j
SENATOR 1TBOM MARYLAND, '
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. • I move to take up the case of my col-
league-elect, in order to ascertain whether he
is or is not entitled to his seat in this body. I
move, therefore, that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the resolution I offered
on that subject.
The motion was agreed to) and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following
resolution:
Remitted, That Hon. Pbilh) F. Thomas. Senator-
elect from Maryland, be admitted to his seat oil tak-
ing the oaths proscribed by the Constitution and law*
of the United States (
Mr. JOHNSON. It is not my purpose to
discuss further the resolution now before the
Senate. I do not know whether I shall find
it necessary to say anything further after the j
debate shall have been concluded by those who
may speak on either side. I leave the matter
in the hands of the Senate, and such members
as may desire to address the body can do so
now. i
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, in the '
committee I was i« favor of reporting a reao- t
lution that Governor Thomas was entitled to
his seat in this body under the election by the ;
Legislature of Maryland. The committee con-
curred in that view, as appears by its report,
upon every question except one. From the
evidence it appeared that on the night before
the son of Governor Thomas left his home with
a view of going into the Southern army his
father gave him $100, with a knowledge at the
time he gave him the money that the son
intended, if he could do so, to get into and
serve in the Southern army; and upon the ques-
tion whether that disabled Governor Thomas
from taking the oath prescribed in. the act of
1862 the committee thought it proper to express
no opinion to the Senate, and I understand
the report of the committee to leave that as
the only open question, in its judgment, for the
decision of the Senate; and I suppose the
decision of that question will depend on the
construction of the law in the light of the pre-
cedents and in the light of the testimony bear-
ing upon that particular question.
_ Therfe are one or two facts that are not in
dispute. First, Governor Thomas himself,
during the war, or the greater portion of it,
was living upon his farm in Maryland, taking
no part in public affairs, and it is not claimed
that by any act of his, except this particular
act, he gave any support, aid, or comfort to
the southern cause ; and the evidence is, that
he was what is called in Maryland a consti-
tutional Union man, dissenting from the polit-
ical policy of the Administration at that time,
but concurring in the necessity of the mainte-
nance of the Union through the power of the
General Government.
It is not disputed, further, that the son, then
not fully of age, after a protracted effort, found
his way into the southern army in the year 1863
or 1864—I do not recollect precisely which—
and remained there for some time.
I claim that the weight of testimony estab-
lishes this state of case: that young Thomas
desired to join tbe southern cause, so ex-
pressed himself from time to time, and that
for a very considerable length of time, cover-
ing many months, his father protested against
his doing go, and by his earnest protest and
entreaty prevented the young man from leaving
his home ; but finally the young mnn had
made some other arrangements by which he
supposed he would be able to accomplish his
end, and informed his father that he would go
whether it was agreeable to him or not; anc^
then, on the evening before the young man
left home, Governor Thomas said to him that
he ought not to go ; that he ought not to leave
his home ; that lie ought not to join the south-
ern cause; that Maryland was a State in the
Union ; and that it was his duty at least to
remaiu at home.
Upon this question I will read a very little
of the evidence. In the course of the testi-
mony the young man says :
"I had been trying to gain his permission for a long
while to leavo my State and go into the army, ana
he dissuaded me on all occasions, and so much was
he opposed to it that, there was a coolness botvreen
ug for some time. When the raid was inade into
Maryland, after tho battle of Gettysburg, I was then
anxious to leave and join the rebel army, and ho told
me then that I ought not to do it; and as a citizen of
tho Stato of Maryland, and that Stato in the Union,
I had no right whatever to do it."
Upon that point that is the evidence; and
then upon the question as to what took place at
home the evening before the young man left thg
following is tho testimony:
"Quertio*. When he gave you $100 when you loft
homo did ho know that you were receiving that
money to go off and join the enemies of tho country
and fight against it?
"Answer. He did not think that I would get there;
he knew that it w s my intention to start for there,
but when he gave mo the money ho told mc that I
never would get there; he said that he knew I never
would got there; but that if I was Be headstrong a 
to epjjose his wishes I should not starve,and ho gave
me this money to supply my wants."
That is the evidence upon this partieular
subject—the circumstances attending the giv-
ing of the money by Governor Thomas to his
son. It is not disputed by the Governor or
anybody else that the evening before the young
man left his home he did give him the $10Q,
and that followed a series of protests for many
months against his leaving home for any such
purpose. I beg Senators to observe the tes-
timony. The young man says that at the time
he was informed by his father that he would
never get where he sought to go, that he would
fail in that, but that if he persisted in leaving
his home he did not want him to starve, he did
not wish him to suffer, and that to provide for
his wants, to secure him against suffering, he
would give him the money. Again the young
man is asked if his father did not earnestly on-
various occasions invoke him to abandon all
idea of going South ; and he answers, "Yes,
sir, repeatedly." Then his father asks him,
"Was there not a coolness between you and
me on account of your persistence in the deter-
mination to go there? He answers, "There
was." Then he is asked by the lather, " Dtcl
I not present the objection to your going there
in every conceivable shape of which I was com-
petent?" And he answers, "I think so."
That is all the testimony that I care to read
on this subject, for that testimony covers just
two points—first, the conduct of Governor
Thomas for many months in advance of hi?
son's leaving home, and second, the conduct
of the Governor at the time, and the very time,
that the young man did leave. In judgiug of
any man's acts the law says it is proper to
take into consideration what he says at the
time. If a man be charged in court with the
commission of an act of bankruptcy, it is fixed
law that the court shall hear what the party
said at the time he did the act, as forming a
part of the transaction and as giving character
to it. Then on the evening before the young
man left his father's roof his father said to
him: "You ought not to go; your State is a
State in the Union; you have no right to join
the enemies of the country." Earnestly as
map could protest he protested against the
proposed conduct of his son, and there re-
mained but one thing for him to do, and that
was to use physical force to prevent his going.
How that physical force, should be used I
need {tot undertake to say; for I think no Sen-
