2016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 20 
Indians should not be fed longer than until
the 1st of July. We made limited appropria-
tions ; and we forbade the military authorities
to furnish them supplies after that date. The
expectation then was that, in the interval, they
would be removed, or permitted to remove, to
their former country in the northwestern por-
tion of the Territory. I was in hopes that we
would not be called upon this winter again to
appropriate a large sum of money to them.
It seems, however, that the money we
then voted has been expended; that the In-
dians are still upon this reservation ; and that
the alternative is now presented to us of ap-
propriating $150,000 to remove them to their
former place of residence or to some other
reservation, or of voting a large sum of money
to feed them during the next year where they
are. We must do one or the other. We have
made no progress to an early conclusion of this
thing. And observe now, year after year it
has gone on until the expense of these seven
thousand Indians amounts to $10,000,000 or
upward, and it seems impossible that the Gov-
ernment should bring it to a conclusion. I
suspect, if the facts were known, somebody
is making money out of this experiment. 1
suspect if it was not begun with reference to
private profit it has 1)een kept up for that
purpbse ; and perhaps that will account for the
difficulty we encounter in bringing it to a con-
clusion.
Our Indian superintendent, when the case
first arose, advised us to place these Indians
in their own country and to establish a few
posts upon the border, not so much to restrain
the Indians as to restrain those who were dis-
posed to commit depredations upon them, a
small military force there.to preserve the peace.
If his advice had been adopted and acted upon
I have no doubt we should have avoided nearly
the whole of this outlay of money. For my
part I am in favor of restoring them to that
location.
But the present bill leaves the subject to the
peace commissioners. They are at liberty by
negotiating with these Indians to restore them
to their own country or to locate them upon
another reservation west of Arkansas; and I
suppose we had better leave the disposition of
the money we vote and the settlement of our
future policy to that commission, because they
will have means of information at their com-
mand which we do not possess; and because
we can place the utmost reliance upon the
members of that commission. General Sher-
man and his colleagues need no encomium
from me nor from any other men)ber of the
Senate. They require no indorsement before
the people of the country as to their integrity
or ability. Their eminent capacity for under-
taking this work and their fidelity have been
questioned in no quarter. The safest thing we
can do is to allow the distribution of this
money to be according to such policy as they
may adopt on our behalf. We cannot go into
the details of administration. We must trust
some person or some body of men, and I do
not know any with whom our confidence can
be placed better than the commission that has
already been organized.
I have said thus much, Mr. President, with-
out intending to protract the debate unreason-
ably.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know anything
about this matter, and therefore I will not un-
dertake to speak upon it. I rise, however, for
the purpose of repelling, to a certain extent,
the inference that might be drawn from an in-
quiry maae by the honorable Senator from
Michigan, if anybody had taken steps to pun-
ish General Carleton for this outrage. Now,
sir, I have listened to the arguments of honor-
able gentlemen on the one side and the other,
and neither of the gentlemen that I can under-
stand professes to know anything personally
about this reservation on which the Indians
are placed. ' Senators say that it is of a certain
character—barren ; that the Indians are obliged
to carry wood on their shoulders for a certain
distance. I have heard different accounts of
it. I have heard a very different acco_unt,of it
from American citizens residing in New Mex-
ico—notNew Mexicans, except that they lived
ih New Mexico, and men whom I have been
in the habit of relying upon, so far as their
statements are concerned. I have heard the
same statements, or statements of a different
character from those made here, with reference
to the policy of removing these Indians. I have
heard statements that it was a good policy;
that it had, in fact, saved money to the Gov-
ernment by saving the annual expense of de-
fending the people against Indian incursions.
Which is right, which is the correct state-
ment, I will not undertake to say. The
honorable Senator from California knows
nothing about it, for he has never been there
and has never seen it. He speaks from hear-
say, as I do. So it is with the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri. He does not pretend to
speak from personal knowledge.
And yet gentlemen get up here and make
these broad statements with regard to the in-
jurious policy of the thing itself, with regard
to the expenditure of momy, with reference
to the character of the tract where the Indians
are, without knowing anything except what
they have ascertained from others. Now, what
I want to say is, that before a conclusion is
come to upon that matter by the Senate there
ought to be an investigation and the facts as-
certained, if the Senate are to decide it. _
But, as I understand this bill from hearing it
discussed, it is nothing more nor less than this:
that this commission shall decide the question ;
and, that being the case, I am perfectly willing
to agree that it shall be so ; but 1 am unwilling
to agree in advance that General Carleton is
to be condemned, and inferences drawn here
that he ought to be summarily punished, be-
cause he was the officer under whose direction
this removal was made. I* wish the fact to be
ascertained, in the first place, whether it was
not a wise act; or, at any rate, if it was not a
wise act, whether it was not an act justified by
apparently good reasons and arising from good
motives.
It has been customary here, with reference to
General Carleton, to speak in this way. He is
an officer from my own State originally. He has
now arrived at near fifty years of age. He has
been constantly in the service on the frontiers.
He has hardly ever been away_ from there.
He served with distinction and ability through-
out the war, and in every position in which
he has been placed. He is a gentleman of
high charactcr and standing, who has been
sent here twice by the recommendation of
General Grant himself for the brevet rank of
major general.
To show Senators that it is not safe to attack
officers of this character until they really know
something about the grounds of their action,
I wish to refer to one circumstance. At a cer-
tain period strong objections were made here
to the conduct of General Carleton in New
Mexico. I took pains to go to General Grant
and ask him, at the request of General Carlo-
ton, in a.letter I received from him, to order a
court of inquiry into his conduct. General
Grant stated to me that he did not believe
there was any ground whatever to order a
court of inquiry, but that he had sent out an
officer secretly—an officer ostensibly upon
other matters—and instructed him to make a
careful examination into the conduct of Gen-
eral Carleton in New Mexico and report to him
with reference to it; and tlie result of that
examination by that confidential officer sent to
examine the conduct of General Carleton was
that there was nothing in the charges against
him whatever, and nothing upon which he
could demand a court of inquiry at all; that
he had behaved, so far as anything could be
ascertained about it, with the utmost propriety,
doing his duty there like a man. That was the
report to headquarters, and on the strength of
that report his name has been a second time
sent to the Senate for brevet promotion.
And yet these statements are constantly
made here with regard to this man, who has
been in service now, I think—my colleague
knows better than I—from sometime during
the Mexican war, or just before, as a lieuten-
ant of dragoons, and is not only a distinguished
officer but a man of a high degree of cultiva-
tion. It is unjust and ungenerous to make
these broad and general statements^ regard
to an officer without knowing anything either
about his motives or his reasons. _
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Maine
will allow me a word, does he insist that the
'removal of this tribe of Indians by General
Carleton was authorized by the War Depart-
ment or that itwas within the line of his duty?
Mr. FESSENDEN. What I insist upon is
this: that the War Department never com-
plained of him for it.
Mr. HOWARD. That is not my question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He was in command
of that district at the time,^ and as the general
in command he took the liberty to take these
Indians, it being a time of hostilities, _ and
bring them to this place. That w.as his judg-
ment. He has not been court-martialed for it;
he has not had even a court of inquiry; and,
so far as the War Department is concerned,
his action has been sustained up to the present
time. Talk about punishing a man when he
had a right to exercise his discretion in the
best way to put an 'end to hostilities there!
That is in the power of the commanding officer
of a district to whom the carrying on of_ hos-
tilities or defending against them is committed.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. If my honorable friend
from Maine will give way, I think, as my at-
tention has been called to this matter, 1 can
make some statements in regard to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very glad to give
way. I wish to state, however, before I give
way, that the late President of the Senate,
Mr. Foster, who went out on the commission
that Congress sent out there two or threeyears
ago, told me he examined into the whole mat-
ter with regard to General Carleton, and he
found him to be one of the finest gentlemen
that he ever met, and that he_ had conducted
himself with the utmost propriety in that Ter-
ritory. I defy examination, and when the mat-
ter comes up in the Senate, if it ever does
come up again, I intend to have it with refer-
ence to that man.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I have
had occasion to look into this question in rela-
tion to the Navajoes, having been upon the
commission referred to by the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine, and having visited, the Bosque
Eedondo where this tribe of Indians were
placed and held, substantially as prisoners of
war, in company with Mr. Foster, then the
President of the Senate, and had occasion to
inquire into the history of the hostilities be-
tween the Navajoes and the United States and
the reasons which controlled the military de-
partment in the course which was taken by
them in relation to" those Indians. In short,
it would seem from the testimony taken by our
committee that a state of hostility, almost un-
interrupted, had existed for time immemorial
between the Navajoes and the Mexicans. _ In
that condition of things we acquired New
Mexico. When General Sumner was in com-
mand, finding the state of things existing be-
tween the Mexicans and the Indians, he pro-
posedthatthe United States, to settle the Indian
difficulties there, should buy out all the Mexi-
cans who had become citizens of the United
States in New Mexico and remove them some-
where east, into Kansas, and surrender the
whole of New Mexico to the Indians, and let
them have it to suit themselves and fight it out
among themselves, the United States trying to
prevent their own citizens from interfering.
That policy was not adopted. Itwas insisted
by the Government that we should hold New
Mexico and defend the citizens of New Mexico
against Indian depredations. The consequence
of this was, that we have been in a state of
quasi war with various Indian tribes in New
Mexico ever since. We have held the coun-
try, costing, I suppose, what was necessary to
support two or three regiments of troops all the
