1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
ma
factures any still or worm to be used in distilling
shall be deemed a manufacturer of stills.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out the
words ''for sale," so that it will read "orworm
for distilling made by him."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Maltsters or malt-dealers, whose annual sales do
not exceed $25,000, shall each pay fifty dollars: and
if their annual sales exceed $25,000, for every addi-
tional $1,000 in excess of $25,000 they shall pay two
dollars. Every person shall be regarded as a malt-
ster or malt-dealer who makes or prepares malt ex-
tract, malt, or any preparation thereof, and who sells
the same or offers it for sale, on commission or in any
other manner. The market value of all malt extract,
malt, or any preparation thereof, prepared and used
by any maltster himself, shall be included in and be
regarded as part of the sales made by him as a malt-
ster; and the payment of a special tax by any per-
son as a brewer or distiller shall not exempt soch
brewer or distiller who may do the business alsoof a
maltster or malt-dealerfrom the payment of the spe-
cial tax as such maltsteror malt-dealer, nor from the
keeping of separate books and making the returns
required of a maltster or malt-dealer;
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to amend the
paragraph by striking out thefollowing clauses:
"Whose annual sales do not exceed $25,000.
And if their annual sales exceed $25,000, for every
additional $1,000 in excess of $25,000, they shall pay
two d«llars.
The market value of all malt extract, malt, or any
preparation thereof, prepared and used by any malt-
ster himself, shall be included in and be regarded as
partofthesalesmadebyhim as amaltster, (norfrom
the keeping of separate hooks and making the re-
turns required of a maltster or malt-dealer:
So that the paragraph as amended will read:
Maltsters or malt-dealers, shall each pay fifty dol-
lars. Every person shall be regarded as a maltster or
malt-dealer who makes or prepares malt extract,
malt, or any preparation thereof, and who sells the
same or offers it for sale, on commis=ion or in any
other manner: and the payment of a special tax by
any person as a brewer or distiller shall not exempt
such brewer or distiller who may do the business also
of a maltster or malt-dealer from the payment of the
special tax as such inalster or malt-dealer.
The effect of this amendment will be to leave
the tax on ale as it now is. I should have pre-
sented this matter to the committee if I had
had an opportunity to do so, but as I had not
I novs submit it on my own responsibility. I
do so for the reason that, in my judgment, the
present tax oil ale is quite as high as is prac-
ticable. If we increase it it becomes an un-
reasonable and onerous tax, and from neces-
sity, when you go beyond a certain point, the
tax must affect the consumption. It will be
borne in mind that the original tax on ale was
sixty cents per barrel. In 1864,1 think, it was
increased to one dollar, that being regarded as
the highest tax which the article would admit
of practicably. Now, by this section it is pro-
posed to put a special tax on maltsters or malt-
dealers and a further tax on their sales, thus
increasing the tax on the article.
Mr. GETZ. Would it be in order to pro-
pose an additional amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. As soon as this is dis-
posed of.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from New
York proposes that all maltsters or maltdealers
shall pay fifty dollars and to stop there, with no
tax oil the sales. Now, I know how popular
lager beer is, as well as beer and ale. 1 like
them myself. I would like to see them taking
the place of spirituous liquors as far as possible.
But., at the same time, I am not prepared to
believe that this is an interest, so far as the
manufacture is concerned, that is suffering.
We have not proposed to increase the tax on
malt liquors, which remains, as before, at one
dollar on each barrel produced. What is pro-
posed is. that inasmuch as the manufacturing
of malt is a distinct business, and inasmuch as
these maltsters or dealers in malt makeaprofit
on the capital invested separate from the pro-
duction of beer or ale, they shall be put upon
a footing with other manufacturers and made
to pay a tax on their sales. And I submit to
the gentleman whether, if he succeeds in this
amendment, lie will not leave them, so far as a
tax on sales will be concerned, to fall in under
the head of oilier manufactures. It appears to
me that to deal in malt, to manufacture it,
being a separate business, there is as much
propriety in charging the dealer in malt ana
40th Coxa. 2d Sess.—No. 191.
charging the manufacturer of malt as there is
propriety in charging the man who deals in
hops, which are also used in the production of
this commodity. You do not let off the dealer
in hops because he happens to deal in an arti-
cle which contributes to make this popular
beverage. _ Why let off the malt dealer who
also deals in an article which enters as one of
the component parts into beer. You do not
let off the man who manufactures the vats or
barrels in which the fermented liquor is made
or put to be conveyed to market. And yet
why should you not on the same principle let
him off because he contributes to what we pro-
pose to make,_ if possible, the great popular
beverage, driving out spirits from the country?
I cannot understand upon what principle a
proposition can be founded to treat the manu-
facturer of this article or the dealer in this
article as if he stood upon a different footing
from the manufacturer of or dealer in any
other article.
Mr. GEISWOLD. I move pro forma to
strike out the last word. I desire to say, in
answer to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, that, of course, there is but
one reply to make to his interrogatory, and
that is that we have already, as 1 stated in my
remarks before, taxed this article as high, in
my judgment, as it will bear, and that it is
impolitic to go beyond the point of safety on
this or any other article. And I may take
occasion to say here that I am influenced on
this question by the same considerations and
views as I have entertained in reference to the
whisky tax. I believe that the present tax on
whisky is too high ; that it is impracticable
and impossible to collect it, and for that reason
I have from the outset been in favor of reduc-
ing the tax. And as I view the tax on whisky,
so I view that on ale. I think we have got it
already as high as it will bear, and that, of
course, is the only reason that can be alleged
for opposing any additional tax upon it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would like to make
this suggestion in regard to malt. The last
action that was had by Cohgress on the subject
of the tariff left malt in an exceptional and
unfortunate position in this, that the tariff
duty on barley and its relation to the tariff
duty on malt is such that it is cheaper to go over
into Canada and buy malt and bring it into this
country already made than it is to buy the bar-
ley in Canada and manufacture the malt, in our
own manufactories. There is, therefore, a
peculiar hardship resting at this time upon
maltsters in consequence of the exceedingly
high duty on barley as compared with the duty
, on manufactured malt.
It seems to me. therefore, that if anything is
to be done touching this question at all, or
touching the burden which maltsters should
bear, it should be done with that fact borne in
mind, that they are already bearing a burden
that is disproportionate in consequence of the
bail adjustment of the tariff.
Whilst the reciprocity treaty between us and
Canada was in existence, barley came in free
and malt was protected^ by a certain rate of*s.
duties, but when the reciprocity treaty expired
barley immediately passed under the general
regulations of the tariff.
Mr. SCiiENCK. If that is the case, how
is it that the manufacture of malt has gone on
as usual ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not know what the
fact may be; but if it is a profitable business
now it must have been vastly more so then.
I do know from correspondetice_ I have had
with gentlemen in the trade that it is said that
many American maltsters now get their malt in
Canada instead of making it at home, as they
did before the present state of affairs super-
vened.
Mr. GRISWOLD. In reply to the inquiry
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Schexck] as to the reason why
the business of the maltster is so profitable I
desire to say that one very good reason is this:
with the present tax of two dollars per gallon
on whisky a demand has sprung up among the
small distillers of whisky for malt, for distilla-
tion. A very large market for malt has been
created by the demaud of these illicit distillers.
I now withdraw my amendment to the amend-
ment.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Griswolb.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to strike out this
entire paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion will be in
order after amendments to the paragraph have
been disposed of.
The amendment of Mr. Grtswold was to
make the paragraph read as follows:
Maltsters or malt-dealers shall each pay fifty dol-
lars. Every person shall be regarded as a maltster
or malt-dealer who makes or prepares malt extract,
malt, or any preparation thereof, and who sells the
same or offers it for sale, on commission or in any
other manner. And the payment of a special tax
by anypersonasabrcwcrordiotillershaH not exempt
such brewer or distiller, who may do the business
alsoofa maltster,or malt-dealer, from the payment
of the special tax as such maltster or malt-dealer.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment ; and upon a division there were—ayes
36, noes 38; no quorum voting.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Griswold
and Mr. Allison were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 55, noes 42.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GETZ. I move to further amend the
paragraph by reducing the tax from fifty dol-
lars to twenty-five dollars.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order. The amendment we have just-adopted,
on the motion of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Griswold,] puts those words in
this paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
pointof order. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Getz] moves to amend a portion
of the original paragraph.
Mr.,GETZ. I propose this amendment be-
cause the tax upon maltsters is an indirect tax
upon brewers. Whatever tax the maltster is
required to payis ultimately paid by the brewer.
The Committee of Ways and Means have pro-
vided fully for the tax on the brpwing intere.^ts,
and the brewers are willing to pay that tax.
The amendment I propose is merely to put
maltsters upon the same footing with all other
dealers, as will be seen by reference to the
bill. I offer this amendment in pursuance of
the statement of the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Sche.vck,] who
contended that maltsters should not be ex-
empted from the general taxes imposed upon
other dealers. *
Mr. ALLISON. I think there is a great
deal of force in what the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Getz] says. I will move
to strike out this entire paragraph, and that
will put maltsters upon the same footing with
other manufacturers.
Mr. GETZ. I will withdraw my amend-
ment and allow the vote to be taken upon
the motion to strike out, with the understand-
ing that if that motion does not prevail I shall
be allowed to renew my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. That will be done if
no. oMection is made.
x) objection was made.
Mr. ALLISON. I now move to strike out
the entire paragraph.
Mr. ROBINSON. I believe that was my
motion, to strike out the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will recog-
nize the gentleman from New York [Mr. Rob-
inson] as entitled to the floor.
Mr. ROBINSON. This is one of those
cases in which the tax is already high enough
without duplicating and triplicating it. I ha
tax upon this healthy and useful beverage is
high enough ; and I trust this paragraph will
be stricken out, so as to give this measure of
relief to an article already too highly taxed, i
will not make a very long speech upon this
subject, as I do not intend to occupy the atten-
tion of the House. The propriety of this
