1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBIL
633
ator will saj that any man is driven that far to
prevent a son leaving the paternal roof at the
age of this young man.
Now, sir, the question that is presented to
the Senate ia, can Governor Thomas properly
take this oath under the act of 1862 in view
of the facts that are proved:
"I do solemnly swear that I have never volun-
tarily borne arms against the United States since I
have been a citizen thereof; that I have voluntarily
given no aid, countenance, counsel, or encourage-
ment to persons engaged in armed hostility thereto."
These last are the words that are supposed
by some to cover the case now before the Sen-
ate: "that I have voluntarily given no aid,
countenance, counsel, or encouragement to
persons engaged in armed hostility thereto."
A direct act of furnishing food, clothing, or
medicine to the military forces engaged against
the United States would leave no question on
one side; and so the discharge of an obliga-
tion of nature, not intended to give aid to the
enemy, in my opinion makes no question on
the other side. How will the Senate construe
this statute? Shall it be construed according
to its strict letter or according to the purpose
of Congress in its enactment and according to
the construction which the House of Repre-
sentatives has put upon it? Now, I wish to
ask the attention of Senators to a report made
at this session in the House of Representa-
tives upon this particular question, upon a
case that attracted the attention of the whole
House, and much of the attention of the coun-
try—the question of the right of the Kentucky
"delegation to their seats. The report was made
on the 3d day of last month by Mr. Cook, from
the Committee of Elections. The committee
say in the report:
" Whenever it ia shown by proof that the claimant
has by act or speech given aid or countenance to the
rebellion he should not be permitted to take the
oath, and such acts or speech need not be such as to
constitute treason technically, but must have been so
overt and public, and must have beeR done or said
under such circumstances as fairly to show that they
wero actually designed to, and in their nature tended
to, forward the cause of the rebellion."
That report was made to the House of Rep-
resentatives, and I believe that the House con-
curred in the resolution reported by the com-
mittee in accordance with the doctrines of the
report. The resolution accompanies the re-
gort, and, I understand, was agreed to by the
[ouse. Then, sir, it is the construction of
the House of Representatives that an act which [
shall exclude a man from a seat in Congress
must not only be such as is calculated to give
aid and Comfort to the enemy, but such as the
party designs shall have that effect; and I
submit to Senators that if this be at all a
doubtful question, inasmuch as the popular
branch of Congress has fixed a construction,
is it not well for the Senate to concur in that
construction? If it be a question of doubt in
any respect ought not the Senate to give great
weight in its judgment to the judgment of the
other House upon the proper construction of
the law? Then, I submit to Senators, that if
we agree to this construction that the act done
must be designed by the party to give aid and
comfort to the enemies of ^he country, no
case, not a shadow of a case, is made against
Governor Thomas.
Independently of the construction given to
this law by the House of Representatives, is not
this view consistent with the whole system of
laws that we respect in this country? Can any
Senator refer to a case in our criminal code,
either State or Federal, in which a man is pun-
ished or punishable for an act without any
reference to the design ? If an act be without
a corrupt and bad design, a wrong, a crime is
not attributed to the party that does the act.
The design of the party in doing the act is the
very essence of the crime. Then I say upon !
principle, as it has come down to us for cen- j
turies in connection with our penal and crimi-
nal laws, the design is most important in decid-
ing what is the conduct of the party. Although
a party may have done an act that has in point
of fact given aid and comfort to the enemy,
if he did not intend that it should give aid and
comfort to the enemy the law does not say that
he did that act. The law says that, not design-
ing it, he did not give aid and comfort to the
enemy.
Allow me to suggest a case, sir. A wounded
soldier of the southern army being found by a
man of kindly nakire is relieved ; his wounds
are dressed ; lie is cared for ; and he is restored
to health. Afterward he is exchanged; and
in the progress of the war he goes back into
the southern army again and fights the battle
over. What was the purpose of the Samari-
tan who saw him upon the road-side ? Not to
give aid and comfort to the efitemy; not to add
another soldier to the southern army ; but hig
purpose was to relieve human suffering. He
saw a case of suffering by the road-side and
he contributed to the relief of the suffering
man. If he had not touched the man per-
haps he might have bled to death, and then the
southern army would have lost a soldier. The
act contributed to give some strength to the
southern cause; but the motive, to relieve
human suffering, was a high, honorable, and
holy motive, and the law says that his motive
and design being to relieve suffering and not
to aid the enemy, he is chargeable only with
relieving suffering, and is not chargeable with
giving aid and comfort to the southern cause.
Let me state another case. A bei ng indebted
to B in the sum of $100, is called upon by B
for the debt. B says to him, "I want my
money; I want to leave home to-morrow morn-
ing ; I want to go and join the southern army,
and therefore 1 want you to pay me before I
go; I want my money to equip myself for this
cause." A says to him, "I am not willing to
aid you in equipping yourself to join the south-
ern army; I am against your enterprise, and I
would dissuade you from it; I would persuade
you as a neighbor not to go; but if you make
your demand upon me to fulfill my promise to
pay when called upon, of course I will pay you
the $100.'' A pays the money in the discharge
of a legal obligation, for the purpose of dis-
charging the legal obligation; and yet the pay-
ment of that $100 may enable the person who
receives it to join the southern cause; but who
would pretend that you have a right to attribute
crime to the man who pays the $100 under
such circumstances? He but pays a debt;
that is his act; and the use of the money after-
ward is the act of the other party. His motive
and his design being right the law does not
attribute to him a crime, which requires a bad
motive and a bad design.
But, Mr. President, I think that we have
some cases Which settle this subject. I think
the Senate has decided this very question in
the case of our distinguished friend from Ten-
nessee. The Senate decided that Judge Pat-
terson was entitled to his seat as a Senator
from Tennessee; and yet the facts did show
that during the progress of the war he accepted
a commission as a judge in EastTennessee, and
that in order to accept and obtain that com-
mission he had to take an oath to respect the
constitution of the southern confederacy. This
being known to the Senate, what was the decis-
ion of the Senate? It was known that he was
a patriotic man. It was known that he had
given of his substance to support the Union
cause. It was known that, in every way pos-
sible he had contributed his aid, his personal
efforts to support the cause of the Union in
East Tennessee. It was known to the Senate
that it was important that he should hold that
office, not only for the purpose of upholding
order in society, but for the purpose of protect-
ing Union men in eastern Tennessee. Guided
by these motives, good and pure and honora-
ble, he did an act which would have connected
him with the southern cause if he had done
that act with the opposite motives. If he had
taken an oath to support the constitution of
the southern confederacy for the purpose and
with the design of supporting that cause and
building up the strength of the armies against
us then his motive would have given character
to the act, and the Senate wonld have said at
once that he could not be admitted to his seat;
bht because he did the act with a proper
motive, and the holding of the courts resulted
in good to the Union cause, his personal con-
duct in that regard being favorable to the cause
of the Union, the Senate said that his motive
should give character to the act, which other-
wise would have been questionable, and the
Senate, in that case, has given construction
to this law—a construction in accordance with
the humanity of the criminal and penal law of
England and of this country, that a man shall
not be punished for doing an act unless the
motive was wrong.
But, sir, in the House of Representatives
there was a more marked case under this law.
I speak of the carae of Mr. Stokes, of Tennes-
see, and the House of Representatives acted
upon his case with a full knowledge, and in that
case gave construction to this law. Now, I ask
the attention of the Senate to a letter which
was written by Mr. Stokbs as far back as May
10, 1861, soon after the war commenced ; the
month after. This letter was written by Mr.
Stokes, and the purpose of writing it seems to
be explained in the letter itself, which I will
read:
Liberty, May 10.1801.
Dear Sir: I have just learned from a friend that
thero is some gross misrepresentations going the
rounds in your section in regard to my position in
this trying crisis, and for the benefit of yourself and
others I write this.
I have been a zealous advocate of the Union up to
the timo of Lincoln's call for seventy-five thousand
troops; that being in violation of law, and for the
subjugation of the South. I commend Governor
Harris for his eourse, and for armin# the State and
resisting Lincoln to the point of the bayonet, and
have enrolled my name as a volunteer to resist his
usurpation. I have, in Congress and out, opposed
coercion and all forccd measures, believing that it
was better to recognize the independence of the
"southern confederacy" than to attempt to coerce
them back.
I have always opposed secession, but claim tho
right of revolution, and the right to resist the op-
pression of the Federal Government, and to throw
off their allegiance to the same when that oppression
becomes intolerable. That time has bow come. I
have been, and am now, for standing by the border
slave States, for they are to be the great sufl'erers
during the conflict. 1 am opposed to being taeked
on to the southern confederacy at present, (except as
a military league.) But when peace is restored, if
the two nations cannot live in pcace, let all tho fif-
teen slave States elect delegates, meet in convention,
frame their constitution, and submit it to the people
for their ratification.
The South ought to be a unit during the war, by all
means. I had announced myself as a candidate for
reelection, but on seeing Lincoln's proclamation for
troops abandoned the canvass at once, and I am no
candidate. I claim to have done my duty in trying
to heal our (I i [lieu 11 ian and restore pence. That hav-
ing failed I shall now march forward in the discharge
of my duty in residing Lincoln, regardless of false
charges, or what-not, by those who are trying to put
me down. Time will tell where we all stand, ami
who have been faithful.
Hoping to hear from you soon, I remain yours
truly, WILLIAM B. STOKES.
Mr. Jons Duncan, McMinnville.
The question came before the House of Rep-
resentatives whether Mr. Stokes, after having
written a letter like this, could take the oath
that, he had given uo aid, counsel, countenance*
or encouragement to the southern cause? He
made his explanation in the House of Repre-
sentatives ; and that explanation, as I now recol-
lect—I have not read the debate very recently—
consisted of a statement of his motives. The
letter spoke for itself; he wrote to his friend
that his friend and the people in that part of
the State might know his purpose and his posi-
tion, that he might disseminate his views, which
were that Mr. Lincoln and his troops ought to
be resisted ; that Tennessee for war purposes
ought to be leagued with the southern confed-
eracy ; that coercion ought to be met and over-
come. This declaration of his views for the
purpose of influencing the conduct of the peo-
ple he addressed could not be and was not
questioned; and the only possible explanation
he urged was that his motives were correct and
that his conduct soon thereafter was guided
otherwise, and by proper motives all the while.
This explanation was received by the House,
and he was admitted to his seat, and he helps
now to make the laws of the country after hav-
ing taken an or.th that he had nevervoluntarily
given aid, counsel, or encouragement to the
cause of the South.
What a contrast we have here, Mr. Presi-
