1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
time. Probably from three to five million dol-
lars of annual expenditure has been entailed
upon this Government ever since we acquired
New Mexico.
Prom this hostility existing more or less be-
tween the Navajoes and the New Mexicans,
wars arose between them, and our military
were called upon to interfere. They did so.
They went forward into the Navajo country
and built a fort—Fort Defiance. While Major
Kendrick, who I believe is now connected with
the Military Academy at West Point, was there
in command, he, by his good management and
prudence and proper control of the troops,
managed to keep the peace; so that for a time,
perhaps two or three years, we enjoyed a
tolerably peaceful condition so far as New
Mexico and the Navajoes were concerned.
But, sir, a war arose. It arose under cir-
cumstances which, in my judgment, attach as
much to us as to the Indians. It commenced
in this wise: an Indian came up near Fort
Defiance and on some pretext or provocation
he let slip an arrow and killed a servant boy
that belonged to the commander of the post.
He demanded the surrender of the Indian that
had fired the arrow. The Indians refused to
deliver him up. They proposed to compro-
mise. They proposed to pay money or to pay
three or four or five thousand sheep by way
of punishment. This was refused by our offi-
cer. He took the responsibility to declare to
the Navajoes that this Indian must be delivered
up for punishment or war would be the con-
sequence. The question was carried before
General Garland, then commanding in New
Mexico, and he finally decided, inasmuch as
the commander of the post had taken that
position in the presence of this tribe of Indians
that it would not do for the Government of
the United States or the military commander to
recede from his position, and war must go on.
The result was war began. We had two or
three campaigns; one under Colonel De Bonne-
ville in which we met with some success, but
failed altogether to subdue this tribe in their
fastnesses. In their country, in what is called
the Valley de Chelly, there is, I suppose, the
greatest natural fortifications on the face of
the earth. They would fly to this fortifica-
tion—an immense gorge between the mount-
ains, the sides, perhaps, a thousand or two
thousand feet high. They would fly to this
valley with their flocks and herds and wives
and children and defy all approach on the part
of our troops. A colonel in command of some
of our troops went into this valley and thought
he would hunt thetn out; but he was com-
pelled to retire. He could not hold his posi-
tion. The Indians rolled down rocks and
stones upon him and drove him out. There
was a temporary suspension of hostilities. It
did not last long, and finally the war went on
again. General (Janby, one of the distinguished
generals of our Army, was out in New Mexico
and commanded several regiments of troops
there, and he undertook to punish these Nav-
ajoes and bring them to terms; and he entered
this Valley de Chelly. He got into the valley
one night and was compelled to retire before
morning. lie did not bring them to terms. The
Indians had rather the best of the fight so far
as anything like substantial victory was con-
cerned. At last, after Oanby was withdrawn
from that department 
Mr. NYE. I understood the Senator to say
that the Indians refused and did not surrender
the man who fired the arrow?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to
correct hiin in that statement?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That was the testimony
taken before our committee.
Mr. NYE. The testimony cannot be so, for
in this Chamber now sits the then Governor of
that Territory, who did surrender that Indian,
and he was hanged.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. _ My friend is mistaken
and his informant is mistaken.
Mr. NYE. Governor Meriwether sits in this
Chamber now, who was the person who did
40tii CoNff. 2d Sess.—No. 127.
surrender the Indian, and he was hanged.
E vidently the Senator did not examine the right
witnesses.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The witnesses that we
examined were the superintendents of Indian
affairs, having charge at the time, and others.
The Navajoes refused to surrender the man.
Mr. NYE. The superintendent of Indian
affairs for that Territory at that time is here
now, and says he was surrendered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There must be a mis-
take in reference to the case referred to. I
refer to the case when Lieutenant Brooks was
in command at Port Defiance. It is true, the
Navajoes did surrender the dead body of an
Indian, or Mexican, or somebody, 'rncy pre-
tended at one time to surrender the man; that
they had killed the man, and they surrendered
a dead body, but it was not the person. They
made a pretense at one time that they had cap-
tured the same person who had fired the shot.
Mr. NYE. Does the Senator refer to the
case of Lieutenant Brooks where a negro was
killed?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. There is the man [pointing to
Governor Meriwether] who surrendered him.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A dead body was sur-
rendered by the Navajoes. I only refer now
to the testimony of witnesses. I can refer to
where the testimony was taken, and I can read
the testimony.
But about this time, without going into the
particulars whether the man was surrendered
or was not, General Carleton came into the
command of New Mexico, and he ordered Col-
onel Kit Carson to make an expedition against
these Navajoes. Colonel Kit Carson, by at-
tacking them in the fall of tlie3'ear and destroy-
ing their crops, placed the Navajoes in such a
position that they were compelled to surrender,
and they did surrender. There were hardly
any Indians killed by Kit Carson in the fight
which he had with them, because ho cut off
their supplies. He captured the whole tribe ;
and, being capturcd, it was then resolved by
the military to take them away from this their
natural fortress in the Valley de Chelly and put
them upon this reservation at the Bosque ite-
dondo. Whether that was a wise determina-
tion on the part of the military or not I am
not prepared to say. I incline to the opinion
that I never should have favored it had it been
left to me in the beginning; but the military
determined upon it, and did actually remove
them to the Bosque liedondo, and there they
have been kept substantially prisoners of war,
and they have been fed, more or less, at the
expense of the Government; but on the Bosque
Redondo they have raised some provisions to
sustain themselves.
Now, if the provision of this bill be, as I
understand it to be, to appropriate $150,000,
and to give the discretionary power to this
commission to go and look into this matter and
satisfy themselves, and if they come to the
conclusion that it is better to place them upon
some other reservation, to do so, I have no
objection to it. I am perfectly willing to trust
and confide to this commission if they will go
upon the ground and examine for themselves.
But this country from which the Navajoes came
is a country of which the white man knows
but very little. Very few white men have ever
been there except those who went there when
they captured the Indians. It would be advis-
able also for this commission to look into this
question to see whether to return them to their
old country or to put them upon some other
reservation. For my own part 1 am willing to
trust this discretionary power to this commis-
sion, because it is a distinguished commission,
and I have full confidence in it. For myself I
would be glad if our whole country could be
divided into districts, and a proper commission,
men of high character, could be constantly kept
discharging their duties as such, keeping the
peace, and superintending notonly the Indians,
but the military in the region of the Indians,
in order to preserve the peace.
Mr. HOWARD. The ground of my inquiry
whether any steps had' been taken in reference
to General Carleton wag that, the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania stated unquali-
fiedly, if I understood him rightly, that Gen-
eral Carleton had removed this tribe of Indians
without any authority whatever, without any
instructions from the proper military authori-
ties, and without any authority from auy com-
petent source. It was quite natural that I
should put that inquiry, because if General
Carleton had taken upon himself to remove
these Indians two hundred or two hundred and
fifty miles from their homes, and to locate them
upon a tract that was sterile and unproductive
and unfitted to their habits, and at a great
expense to the Government of the United
States, certainly it seems to me even the honor-
able Senator from Maine would think that the
facts presented a ease to justify some inquiry
into his conduct.
Of course it must be conceded that it was
a war time when this removal took place, and
that hostilities existed between the authorities
of the United States and the Navajo Indians.
Of course I agree that we possess all the
rights of a belligerent Power in reference to
that tribe. If, therefore, it was necessary, in
order to bring the war to a speedy and success-
ful termination, to .remove the Indian tribe,
undoubtedly the general in command had tkati
authority. I concede that.
But, sir, it seems to me that the circumstances
must have been very stringent and very unu-
sual to justify such a course on the part of the
military officer in command. It seems, judg-
ing from the facts that have come out- in this
debate, that General Carleton espoused dis-
tinctly the cause of the New Mexicans in their
hostilities with the Navajoes. I do not know
what right he had to do that. I am not able
to see why a military officer who was stationed
there to keep the peace and prevent Indian
hostilities should take the side of one or the
other party in an Indian war.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He took no part more
than all our officers who had preceded him.
War broke out, and there were incursions. He
was bound to interfere, because he was defend-
ing a part of the territory of the 1J nited States.
Mr. HOWARD. It seems he was defend-
ing a race of people who do not differ very
greatly in point of civilization, as I understand,
from the Navajoes themselves.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They were occupying
a part of the territory of the United States and
were citizens of the United States.
Mr. HOWARD. So was the region that the
Navajoes were inhabiting a part of the terri-
tory of the United States, but they were an in-
dependent tribe of Indians. Well, sir, to come
back to the point, the facts in the case show
that the Navajo Indians were a sort of semi-
civilized people ; they had adopted habits of
agriculture ; they were in the habit of cultivat-
ing fields, raising corn and other grains for their
own support and a considerable quantity for
sale. They were in the habit of raising sheep
and manufacturing cloths from the wool which
they thus produced. They kept large herda of
cattle, and of these cattle they made traffic, and
were, in short, as prosperousas asemi-eivilized
people could well be. A state of hostility had
long existed between them and the New Mexi-
cans. The New Mexicans, it. is said, were in
the habit of insulting thetn and imposing upon
them, by way of selling their women and car-
rying them off into captivity, and thus provok-
ing «ar and all its consequences from time to
time, provoking hostility and retribution on the
part of the Navajoes. The commander; it seems,
after having overcome the Navajoes, thought it
best to take them away from the fields where
they had resided for 110 one knows how many
ages, and where were their hearthstones and
their altars and the graves of their forefathers—
a spot dear to them as are our own homes and
firesides to us, for this feeling of human nature
is common to all classes—and to remove them
into a sterile, almost uninhabitable region two
hundred and fifty miles off, thus subjecting the
Government of the United States to the burden
