634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 20,
dent I Here is a letter written by a distin-
guished southerner, as it is said upon the face
of the letter itself, to prevent misunderstanding
and misconception of his position, to place
himself right in a politicr.l point of view before
the people, in which he takes as strong grounds
in f.ivor of resistance to the military authority
of the United States as can be expressed. This
was voluntarily done. The letter states ex-
pressly that it was written because he desired
to write it, because he desired to place him-
self, as he thought, right before the people
whose good will he desired to retain. Ihe
case which the Senate is now considering is
that of a father whose son, disregarding his
counsel, turning his back upon his advice, is
about to leave his home—a boy eighteen or
nineteen years old—and the father, in the per-
plexity of his spirit, and governed by no polit-
ical desire, by 110 desire for fame or to put
himself right with anybody, as that boy is
about to leave his house, says to him, " I pro-
test against yourgoing ; I protest against your
joining this cause ; the State that we live in is
a State of the Union, and not a State of the
southern confederacy ; you have 110 right to
go, you should stay; you will fail to reach
your end ; but if you will go, I cannot bear
the thought that you shall starve and hunger
among strangers." What a contrast! One
act influenced by the purest and holiest mo-
tives known to human nature ; the other, this
letter written when the country needed all the
moral suppoft it could command, voluntarily,
for the purpose of placing a politician right in
his State ; and yet when an explanation is
made that it is hardly possible to reconcile,
perhaps, with the face of the letter, that the
motive is right, the House of Representatives
say. " We will not charge this against you."
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was the date of
the letter ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. In May, 1861, after the
seventy-five thousand troops had been ordered
out, for he refers to the order of Mr. Lincoln
calling for the troops. The House of Represent-
atives has allowed this gentleman to take his
seat, has said that his case is not within the spirit
of the law because of the explanation which
makes the motive satisfactory to the judgment
and to the conscience of the House. Is any
Senator prepared to say that when his own
disobedient child shall turn his back upon his
advice, and governed by a hardy purpose leaves
the paternal roof, you will allow him to go
without any money in his pocket, even if he be
going upon a purpose that you condemn? I
have heard a great deal in my time of that
Roman stoicism which sacrifices the bpst and
holiest sentiments and passions of human
natnre upon what is supposed to be a public
altar, where a man gives up his child to public
punishment without an effort to save him. I
have never known many such cases in practice,
and I would rather risk the stability of a gov-
ernment that is held together by such fond
affections as hold the family circle together.
I do not think we make our institutions any
stronger when we ignore such affections and
gay that it is a crime to love a son, even to the
extent of sustaining that son in doing what is
not right. Why, sir, it is plain that Governor
Thomas did not design, all the proof is plain
that he did not design, to aid his son in going
into the southern army. All the proof upon
the subject is that he protested against it; that
he said, "You cannot reach there, you will
starve, but- you shall not starve if $100 will
prevent it; I give it to you for that purpose
and for none other." Here is the motive
accompanying the very act, proved by the
language accompanying the very act.
Now, Mr. President, how can the Senate
consistently with the decision in the Patterson
case, how can the Senate consistently with the
decision in the Stokes case say that Governor
Thomas for doing this act, the immediate results
of which were not to give aid to the enemy,
the motives for which were not to give aid to
the enemy, shall be excluded from the seat to
•Inch his State has elected him? I do not
think that public morals, political morals, will
be promoted by onr saying that we will not
look at the motive in a case like this. What
will the country suppose of a decision like this
if we exclude Governor Thomas? To what
purpose on the part of the Senate can.it be
attributed? Surely there is no Senator who
thinks that it was a bad thin™, personally wrong,
personally wicked to furnish his son §100 that
lie might not suffer after he left the paternal
roof. No Senator feels so. Then why exclude
him tipon the dryest construction of the letter
of the law—I safa forced construction of it?
because the act itself did not give aid and com-
fort. though it might result in that; the motive
was not that: and then when the public read
this other record made in the House of Repre-
sentatives, upon an act done the month after
the war commenced, what construction can
there be ?
But, Mr. President, I claim that the con-
struction given in the two branches already
should form a rule to the Senate. Precedents
become a part of the law. The precedents
that I have referred to, and the elaborate con-
struction of the law by the House committee
at this session, in a report agreed to at this
session by the House, stand as the construc-
tion by that body of this law—that an act done
without a design to aid the southern oause does
not come within the spirit of the law which
prescribes the oath. And shall we not stand
[ by this construction ? Are Senators able to say
i that they are doing right in excluding Governor
I Thomas when they allow in both branches seats
to be occupied by men whose acts were as ques-
tionable, to say the least, as the act of Gov-
ernor Thomas in this matter, and the design
could not be freer from wrong?
I shall not occupy the attention of the Sen-
ate in reading the whole of this testimony nor
in reviewing the argument of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] which I did iiothear,
but have hastily read. He rests his argument,
as I understand, upon a distinction between a
motive and a purpose. I do not believe I
understand that distinction exactly ; of course
it is my fault—not that he is too metaphysical,
hut he takes a distinction, as I understand,
between the motive and the purpose, and he
says that a man is presumed to have, as the ;
purpose of his act, that which is the natural
consequence of his act. I say you cannot in- j
terpose a presumption when the facts exclude
that presumption. You cannot attribute to a
man either a motive or a purpose contrary to
that which is shown by the eviderfce. If I do
an act which is susceptible of an innocent
construction, and at the time 1 do the act I
use language which shows that my motive is :
innocent, then there is no room for construc-
tion. I have the benefit ef the whole taken to-
gether. This is the humane spirit of the law;
but it would be rather fine work after the de-
cision in the Stokes case to keep a man out
of his seat in the Senate upon a distinction
between a motive and a purpose. I do nob j
think the country will ever be able to appreci-
ate that exact metaphysical distinction. The
question is what did a man want to accomplish !
when he did an act ? That is the question with-
out philosophical refinements. Did Governor
Thomas, when he gave this money to his son,
want to enable his son to go into the southern
army, or did he want to secure him against
hunger and suffering? That is the question."
If he wanted to do the one, it is criminal; if
he wanted to do t^e other, and that only, it is
innocent; and I say to the Senator from Ver-
mont that there is no criminal court in this
country which furnishes him respectable au-
thority for saying that you may attribute to
a man by construction a motive wicked in
itself when the act is susceptible of beingattrib-
uted to an innocent motive, and when the
party at the time he does the act explains it
by his language, and that explanation shows it
to be innocent.
This is consistent with the law that will not
allow you to presume fraud; it must be proved.
If a man"does an act which might be construed
as fraudulent, and if at the time he does the
act he explains it and shows an honest motive
for it, and that motive is consistent with the
facts, the court cannot construe fraud upon
him. So of crime. A man does an act which
may be construed to be innocent or to be crim-
inal ; what he says at the time shall come in
and explain and sustaiu him. Then at the
very time this money was given, Governor
Thomas said to his son, "You ought not to go:
it is your duty to stay; if, however, you will
go, I have no faith that you will reach the south-
ern army; you will come to suffering, possibly
to want; rather than see that, my heart says I
will give you this $100."
Now, with that evidence and that all the
evidence, the Senator says it is right to attrib-
ute to him a motive to aid the southern cause.
He has no right to attribute a motive at all that
is contrary to a man's duty in law. There was
a possibility that that money might aid his son
in getting into the army, but his design was to
keep him from suffering. Then, sir, under all
the decisions that have been made and under
the express construction given by the commit-
tee of the House of Representatives and ap-
proved by the House by its vote, I stand upon
the law as being that if a man does an act that
is calculated to give aid to the enemy and he
designs it, he is responsible, but if his act is
not in its nature calculated to give aid and if
he did not design it to give aid, he is not
responsible.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
as a member of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary I feel that it maybe proper for me to give
i my reasons for the conclusion to which I have
come on this case.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator from
New Jersey prefer to go on now, or will he let
this matter go over until to-morrow? There
is a little bill here in regard to whisky meters
which, if it passes at all, ought to pass soon,
for it expires by its terms 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I shall be very
brief,
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator prefers to
go on now I shall not interpose.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
this case merits our calm consideration, for
by a superficial view of the case we come to
one conclusion, and by a careful examination
of it we may come to another. One aspect of
the case is that a gentleman offers himself here
for a seat in the United States Senate who has
given $100 to enable his son to join the ene-
mies of his country while-the very heartstrings
of loyal men were breaking because they were
called upon to part with their sons to over-
come the infamous power to which he was con-
tributing. That is a view that addresses itself
to our passions and arouses our indignation ;
and so looking at the case no person here can
feel that indignation more keenly than do I.
But there is another presentation, and it may
be the true one. It is this—a father, after he
had done all that he could by command, by
entreaty, by coolness, and by tears, when he
believed that his,son would not be able to reach
the enemy's lines, when he believed that it
would not alter the result, from parental solicit-
ude and affection gave him money to avert his
sufferings and thereby committed a grave mis-
take rather than a flagrant crime. The first
view stated addresses itsel f to our passions and
the other only to our charitable judgment.
This, sir, is not a political question. If it
were, my opinions would lead me to vote that
no one should be a member of the Senate or
of Congress who did not hold to the cardinal
principle of the equality of all men under our
Government. It is a judicial question, and
should be tried dispassionately according to the
law and the fact.
Permit a few words as to the law. I un-
derstand that the Constitution requires four
things, namely, that one to be a Senator must
be thirty years of age ; that he shall have been
nine years a citizen of the United States; that
he shall at the time of his election be an inhab-
itant of the State he represents, and that ho
