3042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
motion to strike out is so self-evident that I
presume it will pass unanimously.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to strike out the paragraph; and, upon a
division, there were—ayes fifty-six, noes not
counted.
So the motion to strike out was agreed to.
The committee then rose informally, and
the Speaker resumed the chair.
ENROLLED JOINT ERSOLOTION.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled, a joint resolu-
tion of the following title; when the Speaker
signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 218) for the
relief of John M. Palmer.
INTERNAL TAX DILL.
The Committee of the Whole resumed the
consideration of the internal tax bill.
The following paragraph was read:
Brewers shall each pay $100. Every person whose
business it is to manufacture fermented liquors of
any name or description, for sale, from malt, wholly
or in part, or from any substitute therefor, shall be
regarded as a brewer,
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to move to
strikeout this entire paragraph. But! will move
to reduce the tax from $100 to fifty dollars on
brewers.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes thirty-four, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. VAN AUKEN. I move to amend, so
as to make the first sentence of the pending
paragraph read as follows:
Brewers whose sales do not amountto over.$10,000
shall pay twonty-five dollars; above $10,000, §100.
Mr. Chairman, I do not wish to discuss
this question ; but it seems to me the provision
of the bill as it stand must operate unjustly
by making no discrimination between brewers
doing a large business and those who do a
small business. Gentlemen must, I think, see
at once the manifest propriety of graduating
this tax according to the amount of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say that the
tax proposed in this paragraph is precisely the
same as that imposed by the present law. I
believe the brewers are satisfied with it, and are
enabled to carry on their business'successfully.
Mr.VAN TRUMP. Does not my colleague
[Mr. Schenck] wish to satisfy th'e small brew-
ers ?
Mr. SCIIENCK. No complaints of this $100
tax have come to the committee.
Mr. VAN AUKEN. There are some small
brewers in my district who are seriously af-
fectcd by this requirement of $100. It seems
to mS there should be a reduction as to those
doing a small amount of business.
On the amendment of Mr. Van Avkbs there
were—ayes 30, noes 57.
Mr. VAN AUKEN. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend by
striking out the pending paragraph.
The hour of half past four o'clock p.m.
having arrived, the committee, under the order
of the House, took a recess until half past
seven o'clock p. m.
1 JJcUSl i
EVENING SESSION.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., (Mr. Pomeroy in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the special
order, being the bill (H. R. No. 1060) to re-
duce into one act and amend the laws relating
to internal taxes.
The pending paragraph was the following:
Brewers shall each pay $100. Every person whose
business it is to manufacture fermented liquors of
any name or description, for sale, from malt, wholly
or in part, or from any substitute therefor, shall be
regarded as a brewer.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Spalding, to strike out the para-
graph.
Ti
.'he amendment was not agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
Dealers in leaf tobacco, whose annual salesdo not
cxcced $25,000, shall each jTny fifty dollars: and if
their annual sales cxceed $25,000, for every additional
$1,000 in excess of $25,000, they shall pay two dollars.
Every person shall bo regarded as a dealer in leaf
tobacco, who shall, for himself or on commission,
sell or offer for sale leaf tobacco of foreign or domes-
tic production. And payment of a special tax as a
wholesaledealer, tobacconist, manufaefcurerof cigars,
or manufacturer of tobacco, shall not exempt any
person doaling in leaf tobacco from the payment of
the special tax therefor hereby required. But no
person shall sell at any onetime a less quantity than
fifty poundsofleaf tobacco withoutmakingamonthly
return of the aggregate of such sales to the proper
assistant assessor, and a tax of sixteen cents per
pound shall be assessed on all sales made in less
quantity than fifty pounds, and collected as other
monthly taxes are required to be paid. But no far-
mer or planter shall be required to pay a special tax
as a dealer in leaf tobacco lor selling tobacco of his
own production.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by
striking out the words "but no person shall
sell at any one time a less quantity than fifty
pounds of leaf tobacco without making,1' and
inserting '"every dealer who shall sell at any
one time a less quantity than fifty pounds of
leaf tobacco shall make;" so that the sentence
shall read as follows :
Every dealer who shall sell at any ono time a less
quantity than fifty pounds of leaf tobacco shall
make a monthly return of the aggregate of such sales
to the proper assistant assessor, and a tax of sixteen
cents perpound shall be assessod on ail sales mado in
less quantity than fifty pounds, and collected as
other monthly taxes are required to bo paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the same
sentence by striking out the word "collected"
and inserting "paid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to amend the pend-
ing paragraph by striking out at the close ®f
the secoud sentence the words "of foreign or
domestic production;" so that the sentence
will read:
"Every person shall bo regarded as a dealer in
leaf tobacco who shall, for himself or on commission,
soil or offer l'or sale leaf tobacco."
The amendment «;as agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. I move to amend
by adding at the end of the pending paragraph
the words "or which he received as rent of
that produced by tenants upon his lands;" so
that the last sentence will read as follows :
But no farmer or planter shall bo required to pay
a special tax as a dealer in leaf tobacco for selling
tobacco of his own production or winch be received
as rent of that produced by tenants upon his lands.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I move
in lines seven hundred and three and seven
hundred and four to strike out "twenty-live,"
and insert "ten;" so it will read " $10,000,"
instead of "$25,000," and in line seven hun-
dred and three to strike out "fifty dollars,"
and insert "twenty-five dollars." The com-
mittee will understand that the only alteration
is in the amount of sale, putting the limit at
, $10,000, and fixing the tax at twenty-five dol-
M where the sales do not exceed $10,000, and
dollars for every 1,000 over that. In the
the tax is fifty dollars on sales which do
exceed $25,000.
I wish for a single moment to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the fact that in many
sections of the country it is the custom of per-
sons in individual districts and towns to buy
the tobacco raised in the neighborhood, amount-
ing to $10,000, which they sell to the dealers
in the cities. This bill cuts off that class of
persons. The amount they purchase is small
in any one town or neighborhood, amounting
only to $5,000, $8,000, or $10,000, and they
cannot afford to pay fifty dollars. My amend-
ment provides if the sales do not exceed $10,-
000 the tax shall be ten dollars, and if over
that the tax shall be two dollars on every addi-
tional $1,000.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand the gentle-
man to change in the seven hundred and iourth
liue, as well as in the seven hundred and third
line, so it will read:
Dealers in leaf tobaooo, whose annual sales do not
exceed $10,000, shall, each pay twenty-live dollars;
and if their annual sales cxcccd $10,001), for every
additional $1,000 in excess of $10,000 they shall pay
two dollars.
That preserves the principle of the bill, and
I do not object.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I move to
strike out the paragraph. I do not think, sir,
that the principle of this section ought to. be
adopted. The action of Congress heretofore
on the subject of tobacco has left the leaf to-
bacco free. We have heretofore imposed no
taxonit, but this paragraph proposes to require
every man who deals in tobacco to any extent
to get a license. In the State I represent a
large number of farmers buy from their neigh-
bors, and under this section, if the neighbor
has not even sufficient to make a hogshead, he
will have to get, a license or else will act in
violation of the law.
I think this principle ought not to be adopted
by the House. The people who buy_ from those
who raise the tobacco in the leaf, in the raw
state, ought to be permitted to do so without
being compelled to get a license or coming
under this provision of the bill. There is no
more reason for compelling a farmer who buys
a part of a hogshead of tobacco from his
neighbor to pay a license than to require a
farmer who buys his neighbor's hogs or corn*
or wheat. I think the section ought to be
stricken out, so we may obtain from tobacco
in its manufactured state that revenue which
should be borne by it. You will find this will
operate oppressively, in my judgment, upon
the tobacco-growing section of this country.
I think the committee will act wisely in strik-
ing out the section and imposing no tax upon
those who deal in this limited way.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am like the gentleman
from Kentucky. I represent a tobacco and
leaf tobacco district, and I think he labors
under a misapprehension in reference to this
section. There is no burden upon the farmer
at all. He is not required to pay for a license
on the leaf tobacco that he raises.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. There are
some who buy the leaf tobacco from their
neighbors.
Mr. SCHENCK. I put the case of one who
trades in leaf tobacco. One of the great diffi-
culties we have in keeping the trade within
such limits as to prevent great fraud has been
to have a run of the leaf tobacco. For this
purpose oil the regular dealers who buy and
sell tobacco not produced by themselves or
received as rent from their tenants, we have
laid a tax, that is, upon those who deal in leaf
tobacco as a trade, as a business. It enables
us to have a run of leaf tobacco, to trace it lo
the manufacturers, and to keep a supervision
over them. These men should pay a tax as
well as the dealers in other articles. So far
as dealers areconcernedlknow no reason why
dealers in leaf tobacco should stand on any
more favorable footing than dealers in any
other commodity.
The other part of- the section relates to the
necessity of making a return and paying the
tax upon a quantity less than fifty pounds that
may be sold. This was regarded as a neces-
sary provision in order to prevent a practice
which prevails to a great extent of evading the
tax by selling leaf tobacco, not as a regular
dealer, but in small lots, to be cut up by the
person who purchases and uses it as smoking
or chewing tobacco without being subject to
any tax at all. It is to protect regular dealers
in leaf tobacco who sell in amounts greater
than fifty pounds, who are engaged in regular
honest trade in that article. At the same time
it prevents filling the country and supplying
individuals with small lots of tobacco which
are not bought for the purpose of being manu-
factured, and which are not manufactured at
all, except in such a way as to evade all pay-
ment of tax upon it by being cut by the party
who thus obtains the small quantity. This pro-
vision in relation to leaf tobacco has been made
after full consultation with all the tobacco man-
