2018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
of supporting the Navajoes by dealing out to
them the necessary rations; and that is their
condition now.
It seems to me, sir, that this was not a pro-
ceeding humane on the part of General Carle-
ton, nor was it necessary. It seems to me, so
far as I can understand the facts of the case,
to have been unprovoked and wanton on his
part; and I think the Navajoes, under the
. state of facts that lias come to my mind, at
least have just ground of complaint against the
United States for the treatment which they
have received at our hands.
Now, sir, I think that, under the circum-
stances of the case, instead of authorizing this
commission, giving them a discretionary power,
to remove this tribe still further away from
their homes, and to locate them on the western
borders of Arkansas, the simple duty rests
upon us of restoring them to their homes, to
their old houses and farms, and what may re-
main of their flocks and their herds; and, if
necessary to protect them there, of sending a
guard, in order that the New Mexicans may
no longer practice their insults and injuries
upon them. I therefore move to amend the
proposition by striking out the following words,
beginning in line ten and closing in line thir-
teen of the first section:
■ Or to such other lands in tho Indian Territory west
of the Stato of Arkansas as may bo thought best
suited to their present condition and future pros-
perity.
I move to strike out these words so as to
take away from the commission in the concoc-
tion of the treaty they are authorized to enter
into the discretionary power of removing this
tribe still further away from their homes to a
country where they are strangers and where
they will be subjected, as a matter of course, to
all the hardships and deprivations of strangers
in a strange land without means and without
friends or sympathizers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask
the Senator to be kind enough to tell me where
he gets his information in regard to all the
facts he has stated?
•Mr. CONNESS. What facts?
Mr. FESSENDEN. With regard to their
having flocks and herds and all those things;
with regard to the Bosque Redondo being such
an uninhabitable place ; with regard to this re-
moval having been made without provocation
and without any reason, &c. I want to know
where hegets the facts. I should like to ascer-
tain the sourccs of his information.
Mr. HOWARD. I am quite aware that the
question of provocation is a disputed question.
As a matter of course General Carleton and
his friends will claim for him that the provo-
cation was all given by the Navajo Indians.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where does the Sena-
tor get the other facts he has stated?
Mr. CONNESS. I can answer.
Mr. HOWARD. I will refer the honorable
Senator from Maine to the proper reports and
proper documents.
Mr, FESSENDEN. What documents are
they?
Mr. HOWARD. I did not suppose that
there was any doubt at all about the social and
industrial condition of the Navajo Indians. I
am not perfectly posted up on that subject
myself, I admit; but it is entirely notorious
that they are a semi-civilized people, an agri
cultural, a pastoral, and to some extent a
trading and commercial people, and a manu-
facturing people.
Mr. CONNESS. With the permission of the
Senator from Michigan I desire to say, in the
first place, that if the honorable Senator from
Maine had listened to the statement made by
the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs this morning, which mustliavebeen cor-
rect, 1 suppose, he would have found the evi-
dence for the statement involving the sterility
of this place where they now are.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was not aware that
the Senator from Missouri gave any evidence
on that point. He merely stated that he had
- heard so, that somebody had told lnm-so.
Mr. CONNESS. I can give the Senator the
testimony. It is here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the book the
Senator proposes to read from ?
Mr. CONNESS. I hold in my haud the
Globe containing the debate in this body in
February of last year, and it contains the docu-
mentary evidence then submitted. I have be-
fore me the testimony introduced on that occa-
sion by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Doolittle,] being that of a military officer—
Major Bristol—who was at that time, I believe,
in Michigan. The Senator from Wisconsin on
that occasion introduced his testimony; and it
is tliis.^
"Am captain in tho fifth United States infantry
and stationed at this post."
Fort Sumner, near the Bosque Redondo.
"I have been here since the 22d of May, 1863; I
have been part of the time commanding officer of the
post and acting military superintendent of the Na-
vajo Indians. When I canio here there was but one
Navajo Indian here, ilewastaken from aMexican,
who offered him for sale for ten dollars; so that all
of them have been brought here since I came here.
Theycame at different times. Total number brought
here, eight thousand four hundred and seventy-four;
of these, there were men, two thousand three bun-
dled and twenty-live; of women, two thousandscven
hundred and ten; of children, three thousand one
hundred and sixty-four; infants at the breast, three
hundred and seventy-five. At the last count, on the
3Utli of April last, there were present seven thousand
one hundred andsixty-ninfc. Theditlerenceinnum-
ber is accounted lor by deaths not reported, and
absence ol those who were hunting. Some others
reside on the reservation some twenty to twenty-live
miles from the post, and were not present at the
count,herding theirstoek. Someof them aie owners
of considerable herds of horses and sheep and a few
mules and goats. The number of deaths among the
Navajoes from all causes, so far as it has come to our
knowledge, is two hundred and sixteen since tho 1st
of February, 1861."
Then the Senator continues to describe the
reservation from which it is now proposed to
remove these Indians in his own language,
which I will read:
" This is the testimony he (Major Bristol) gave in
1865. The crops were then glenty, between three and
four thousand acres."
That was at the Bosque Redondo. "We,"
referring to a committee of this body—
"we saw these; we went all over these grounds, Mr.
Foster, Mr. Ross, and myself. Wo saw wheat, corn,
Ac., about three thousand acres and upward, which
bad been sown, planted, and cultivated by these
Indians; we saw these ac(quias; and, so far as the
Bosque Redondo is concerned, of ull the places we
saw in Now Mexico south of the Taos mountains,
this Bosque Kedondo was by far the largest place
that could by any possibility be cultivated or put
under water that we saw in the Territory.
"Major Bristol goes on to say what has been done,
because he was acting military superintendent."
And then the Senator proceeds to read from
the Major's letter again:
" There has been made, mainly by tho Indians,
nearly thirty miles of acequias; and we contem-
plate opening other largo ueequias and feoders to
bring another large tract undercultivation. Forthis
purpose some surveys are necessary, as it would
have to bo opened iilteen to eighteen miles long to
put the water upon a higher plateau of ground by
hugging tho base of the hill. The Indians can do the
labor with some superintendence, and with that
tract under cultivation I am confident, from my ex-
perience here, they can raise more than enough for
themselves and to feed the Government animals
needed at this post, and very nearly, if not quite,
supply the troops at this post with breadstufts. For
peaches, apricots, and grapes, the soil is excellent;
the river banks are covered with wild grapes. Upon
the balance of the reservation there arc many springs,
besides the river; there are six springs. Tho pastur-
age is good, supporting cattle, horses, mules, and
sheep in large numbers. Hay could be produced to
feed during the winter storms.
" It Congress should appropriate a sum of money
sufficient to give a lew sheep to each family I am
confident they would keep them and not kill them.
From the wool the women would make their cloth-
ing, and from the milk feed the children to a con-
siderable extent. Tho money could be better ex-
pended here for that purpose than to attempt to
drive them from the States. There ought to bo an
appropriation for hats and shoes and some domes-
tics, cotton cloth and calico, and a few dyes; and
there should also be some farming implements, a
blacksmith's and carpenter's siiop; there ought to
be a grist-mill. When the Indians came here, as a
general tiling, they were very much impoverished
and in tatters. I never saw anything like it. Now,
they arc much better clothed, because the pelts of
the sheep slaughtered by tlieGovermnentweregiven
to the poorer classes of tho Indians, and theirwomen
have made the wool into blankets, and they are now
much better clothed, The hides also have been used
by them in their lodges; the green beef hides have
boen used by them to maka sole*: for i heir moccasins.
Those who came bringing their flocks and herds with
them have increased in the number of their sheep
and goats. There is a strong sense of individual
property among Navajoes, and sheep are prized by
them as the highest species of property. They re-
gard each other's rights of property and punish with
great severity any one who infringes upon it. In one
case a Navajo was found stealing a horse; they held
council and put him to death. As an evidence of
how they prize sheep I would state that sixty-one
Navajoes raised and gathered two hundred and
fifty-nine thousand pounds of corn fodder which they
sold to the Government at fifteen dollars per ton, for
which they received sheep at the rate of about four
dollars per head; and these persons receiving these
sheep have little flocks now which they prize very
highly."
And so I might go on with this testimony.
This book is full of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask my friend if he
reads that to show that the Bosque Kedondo is
a sterile, barren place, where nothing will grow
and nothing can live?
Mr. CONNESS. I will allow the Senator
who is chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, who proposes to remove these Indians
fiom this Arcadia, to answer that question.
Mr. HENDERSON. Does the Senator want
an answer now ?
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; I did not ask for
an answer ; the question came from the honor-
able Senator from Maine.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not wish to take
up the time of the Senate, and I did not enter
into the question in regard to General Carle-
ton or in regard to this reservation. I desired
simply to send a commission that I supposed
the Senate had confidence in there, and ascer-
tain whether the statement of this military offi-
cer was true or not. I believe it to be untrue.
My information is from Kit Carson and other
persons who know that country much better
than we possibly can, that it is utterly false.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe what the Sena-
tor does in that respect.
Mr. HENDERSON. What is the use, then,
of insisting upon my taking Op the time of the
Senate ? 1 do not desire to do it, and I refrain
from entering into any discussion on the sub-
ject.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to say a sin-
gle word in regard to Major Bristol from De-
troit, Michigan, a gentleman as I supposed of
perfect truth and integrity. He was there
at the post and upon the ground, and he gave
this testimony on the subject. Mr. Foster,
formerly Senator from Connecticut, and my-
self were there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator
whether he and Mr. Foster saw anything to
contradict the officer's statement.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We saw nothing to con-
tradict the statement made by Major Bristol as
to the fertility of the soil and its capacity for
irrigation.
Mr. HENDERSON. What is the extent
of it now ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. By the building of this
acequia to which he refers, the large acequia
going around the bottom of the hill, you can
put from seventeen to eighteen thousand acres
under water. That was the estimate made by
the witnesses. We drove over the ground.
Of course we did not measure it ourselves.
Mr. HENDERSON. Did you find any tim-
ber there?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We did not find any
timber there on the ground-. The fuel used is
the meztiqve, which is a root dug out of the
ground. There is a large abundance of that
in the neighborhood. It was also stated by
witnesses that down the Pecos river, wood
from the mountain just above could easily be
floated in large quantities. That is what the
witnesses stated to the committee. We saw
the mountains, saw the wood, and saw the river.
We did not know anything about floating it
down.
Mr. HOWARD. If I understand my hon-
orable friend from Missouri correctly, he says
that the reservation on which theNavajoes are
now located, that is the spot where these
seven thousand prisoners now are, is a sterile
region.
