1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
Laws of the United States.
40th Cons....2d Sess.
with his report of receipts and expenditures,
a statement in detail of the disbursements made
from the sura hereby appropriated. But the
Special Commissioner of the Revenue shall,
after the first of January, eighteen hundred
and sixty nine, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, act as superintendent
of the division in the office of said Secretary
created by the thirteenth section of the act
approved July twenty-eight, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, entitled "An act to protect the
revenue, and for other purposes," and called
the Bureau of Statistics ; and the Secretary of
the Treasury may appoint one division clerk,
at the same salary as the head of division, in
the office of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, who shall act as deputy to said Spe-
cial Commissioner of the Revenue in respect to
the Biiid bureau, ana exercise in his absence
all powers belonging to him as such superin-
tendent, except the franking privilege ; and
the office of director of the Bureau of Statistics
is hereby abolished after the first of January,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine.
For stationery for the Treasury Department
and the several bureaus, seventy-five thousand
dollars.
For temporary clerks in the Treasury De-
partment, one hundred thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That the Secretary o-f the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized, in his discretion,
to classify the clerks according to the charac-
ter of their services.
For furniture, carpets, and miscellaneous
items, for the Treasury bureaus, thirty-five
thousand dollars.
For the General Purposes of the Treasury De-
partment Building, including the Extension.
For compensation of twelve watchmen and
eleven laborers of the building, sixteen thou-
sand five hundred and sixty dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building,
viz. : for fuel, light, labor, and miscellaneous
items, seventy-five thousand dollars.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
For compensation of the Secretary of the
Interior, Assistant Secretary, chief clerk, four
clerks of class four, additional to three dis-
bursing clerks, three clerks of class three, four
clerks of class two, one return clerk, one mes-
senger, two assistant messengers, five watch-
men, and three laborers in his office, in all,
forty-one thousand five hundred and forty
dollars.
General Land Office.
For CommissioneroftheGeneralLand Office,
recorder, chief clerk, three principal clerks of
public lands, private land claims and surveys,
three clerks of class four, twenty-three clerks
of class three, forty clerks of class two, forty
clerks of class one, draughtsman, assistant
draughtsman, two messengers, three assistant
messengers, two packers, seven laborers, and
eight watchmen employed in his office, in all,
one hundred and seventy-eight thousand two
hundred dollars.
For compensation of additional clerks in the
General Land Office under the act of March
three, eighteen hundred and fifty-five: for one
principal clerk as director, one clerk of class
three, four clerks of class two, forty clerks of
class one, and two laborers, fifty-eight thou-
sand six hundred and forty dollars.
Indian Office.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, chief clerk, three clerks of class
four, seven clerks of class three, five clerks of
class two, one messenger, one assistaut mes-
senger, one laborer and two watchmen, em-
ployed in his office, in all, thirty-two thousand
six hundred dollars.
Pension Office.
For compensation of Commissioner of Pen-
sions, chief clerk, twelve clerks of class four,
thirty clerks of class three, fifty-two clerks of
class two, fifty clerks of class one, one mes-
senger and three assistant messengers, five
laborers and one watchman, employed in his
office, two hundred and fifteen thousand two
hundred and forty dollars. And the eight
clerks of class four, ten clerks of class three,
twelve clerks of class two, and twenty-five
clerks of class one, authorized by clause in the
act of February twenty-five, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, may be continued until the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine, and no longer.
For compensation of additional clerks in the
Pension Office, viz.,: for ten clerks of class
four, eighteen clerks of class three, twenty-
four clerks of class two, and twenty-eight clerks
of class one, one hundred and fourteen thou-
sand dollars.
For temporary clerks in the Pension Office,
twenty thousand dollars.
Incidental and Contingent Expenses—Depart-
ment of the Interior.
Office of the Secretary of the Interior:
For stationery, furniture, and other contin-
gencies, and for books and maps for the library,
ten thousand dollars.
For casual repairs of the Patent Office build-
ing, ten thousand dollars.
For expenses of packing and distributing
congressional journals and documents, in pur-
suance of the provisions contained in the joint
resolution of Congress, approved twenty-eighth
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, and
act fifth February, eighteen hundred and fifty-
nine, six thousand dollars.
For fuel and lights for the Patent Office
building, including the salaries of engineer and
assistant engineer of the furnaces and repairs
of the heating apparatus, eighteen thousand
dollars.
Office of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs:
For blank books, binding, stationery, and
miscellaneous items, including two of the daily
city newspapers, to be filed, bound, and pre-
served for the use of the office, five thousand
dollars.
Office of the Commissioner of Pensions:
For stationery, engraving, and retouching
plates for bounty-land warrants, printing and
binding the same, office furniture, and repair-
ing the same, and miscellaneous items, includ-
ing two daily newspapers, to be filed, bound,
and preserved for the use of the office, and for
detection and investigation of fraud, forty
thousand dollars.
Office of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office :
For cash system, maps, diagrams, stationery,
furniture and repairs of the same, miscellane-
ous items, including two of the city newspapers,
to be filed, bound, and preserved for the use
of the office, for advertising and telegraphing,
for miscellaneous items on account of bounty
lands and military patents under the several
acts, and for contingent expenses under swamp-
land act of September twenty-eight, eighteen
hundred and fifty, ten thousand dollars.
Surveyors General and their Clerics.
For compensation of the surveyor general
of Minnesota, two thousand dollars, and the
clerks in his office, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For surveyor general of the Territory of
Dakota, two thousand dollars, and the clerks
in his office, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars, four thousand five hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of Kansas, two thou-
sand dollars, and the clerks in his office, four
thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Colorado and Utah,
three thousand dollars, and for the clerks in
his office, four thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of New Mexico, three
thousand dollars.
For surveyor genera! of California and Ari-
zona, three thousand dollars, and for clerks in
his office, four thousand five hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of Idaho, three thou-
sand dollars, and for clerks in his office, four
thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Nevada, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars, and the clerks in
his office, four thousand dollars.
For the surveyor general of Oregon, two
thousand five hundred dollars, and for the
clerks in his office, four thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Washington Terri-
tory, two thousand five hundred dollars, and
for the clerks in his office, four thousand
dollars. •
For surveyor general of Nebraska and Iowa,
two thousand dollars, and the clerks in his
office, four thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Montana, three
thousand dollars, and for the clerks in his office,
three thousand dollars.
For recorder of land titles in Missouri, five
hundred dollars.
For services of the clerk of the district court
of the northern district of Mississippi, as keeper
of the records and files of the land office at
Pontotoc, Mississippi, from June fourth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, to June fourth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, five hundred
dollars; and itis hereby made the duty of said
clerk, on the passage of this act, to transfer
the records and files aforesaid to the register
of the land office at Jackson, Mississippi; and
the nineteenth section of the act of March
third, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, enti-
tled "An act making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four," be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
[Expenses of Courts of the United States.]
For defraying the expenses of the Supreme
Court and district courts of the United States,
including the District of Columbia, and also
for jurors and witnesses, in aid of the fund3
arising from fines, penalties, and forfeitures,
in the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-nine, and previous
years, and likewise for defraying the expenses
of suits in which the United States are con-
cerned, including legal assistance to the Attor-
ney General, and other special and extraor-
dinary expenditures in cases of the Supreme
Court of the United States in which the united
States are concerned, and of prosecutions for
offenses committed against the United States,
and for the safe-keeping of prisoners, one
million dollars.
For compiling and surpervising the Biennial
Register, five hundred dollars.
WAR DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of War,
eight thousand dollars.
B\>r chief clerk, two thousand two hundred
dollars.
For four clerks of class four, seven thousand
two hundred dollars.
For additional to one clerk of class four, as
disbursing clerk, two hundred dollars.
For seven clerks of class three, eleven thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For three clerks of class two, four thousand
two hundred dollars; eight clerks of class one,
nine thousand six hundred dollars; one mes-
senger, one thousand dollars; one assistant, at
eight hundred and forty dollars; one laborer,
at seven hundred and twenty dollars; two as-
sistant messengers, at eight hundred and forty
dollars each, sixteen hundred and eighty
dollars.
Office of Adjutant General:
For three clerks of class four, five thousand
four hundred dollars; nine clerks of class
three, fourteen thousand four hundred dollars ;
.twenty-seven clerks of class two, thirty-seven
thousand eight hundred dollars.
