3044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
objection of my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Logax] to a portion of this bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. If we are goifig to rely
npon tobacco, fermented liquors^and distilled
spirits mainly for the revenue to carry on the
G-overnment—and I think we must ultimately
come to that—we shall have to tax the persons
who engage in the business of manufacturing
and selling those articles. This anxiety to fill
the country, or to pursue such a course as must
result in filling,the country, with all sorts and
descriptions of small dealers in these articles,
tends, and will continue to tend, to defeat the
end we are aiming at.
Now, wfe have become convinced that the
only course for us to pursue in regard to dis-
tilled spirits and tobacco was to cover the whole
subject in such a manner as will require all
persons engaged in the business to contribute
fairly and fully to the support of the Govern-
ermnent by increasing its revenues so as to
relieve in part now, and ultimately relieve alto-
gether, those industrial pursuits which relate
to matters that are not merely of luxury and
of artificial tastes. I hope no such principle
as this will be adopted.
Mr. PAINE. If thegentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Coburn] will examine this whole para-
graph he will see that his amendment will not
meet the case of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan,] which had reference to leaf-
tobacco, while this amendment is confined to
dealers in manufactured tobacao.
The question was taken upon the amendment
of Mr. Oonur.jf ; and it was not agreed to, upon
a division—ayes twelve, noes not counted.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. I move
to amend the pending paragraph by striking
out the word "cigars" wherever it occurs.
Mr. Chairman, I received some time ago from
some of my constituents engaged in the manu-
facture of cigars a remonstrance against, this
increased tax, which I presented and had re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
On an examination of that remonstrance, I
have been led to conclude that it is well pro-
vided, and in this conclusion I have been con-
firmed by the admissions made from time to
time 011 this floor by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. It has been re-
peatedly stated here, not that the tax upon the
articles of spirits and tobacco is too low, but
that the difficulty is that the Government can-
not collect one half or a much less proportion
of the tax already assessed and attempted to
be collected. Yet, in the face of the admission
made on this floor by the chairman of the com-
mittee, in the hearing of members of the House
that the tax upon cigars has been such as to
stimulate almost beyond precedent the smug-
gling into this country of foreign cigars, com-
ing into ruinous■ competition with our home
manufacture. Notwithstanding this admission,
the Committee of Ways anil Means propose to
increase this tax, burdening to a still greater
degree the manufacturers of cigars.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I take it for granted
that the manufacture of cigars is an honest
and reputable business. I take it for granted,
also, that in the estimation of at least a con-
siderable proportion of the community this
business stands upon a different ground from
the distillation of spirits. I regard it as an
honest and reputable business ; and so view-
ing it 1 do not desire to see it burdened with
this onerous, and, as it seems to me, entirely
useless tax, a tax that cannot be collected.
For this reason, and because I desire to rep-
resent on this floor the wishes of my constitu-
ents, I have moved to strike out the word
" cigars" wherever it occurs in this paragraph,
leaving this branch of business still subject to
the specific tax per thousand on tiie manufac-
ture of cigars, which, as I understand, has
been raised by the committee to ten dollars
per thousand, although 1 trnstit will be reduced
to five dollars as it has stood heretofore.
Mr. SCHENCK obtained the floor.
Mr. 13110M WELL. If my friend from Ohio
[Mr. SoauxOK'] wiil yield for a, moment I
would like to ask the gentleman from New
Hampshire what difference this paragraph can
make as to foreign cigars? It imposes-a tax
on the sales and applies to the seller of either
the foreign or the domestic article. The gen-
tleman speaks as though his objections to the
paragraph were that it favors the foreign
article.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] yield?
Mn SCHENCK. No, sir. Mr. Chairman,
I desire in the first place to announce dis-
tinctly that so far as the Committee of Ways and
Means can control the matter, no attempt will
be made to change the tax on cigars; that
will remain at five dollars per thousand, al-
though it was ten dollars in the bill as originally
reported. Such, I understand to be the desire
of the committee.
AVhat is it that the gentleman from New
Hampshire proposes? Why, that the manufac-
turers of cigars shall be put,as to their sales,upon
adifferent footing from all other manufacturers,
and upon a different footing from the manufac-
turers of snuff, plug tobacco, or chewing tobacco.
On what ground this proposition is to be sus-
tained I am at a loss to comprehend, except
that the gentleman says he understands it to be
the wish of liis constituents. Sir, in every
civilized country raising a revenue by taxation,
it is coming to be understood that in order to
relieve the burdens of the people it is best that
taxation shall be made, so far as possible, to
rest upon those objects connected with artifi-
cial appetites or mere luxuries. Yet, the gen-
tleman would put the manufacture of cigars
upon a better footing than perhaps almost any
other manufacture in the country. He pro-
poses to relieve these manufacturers entirely,
as I understand, from any special tax, leaving
them, it is true, subject to the specific tax upon
the article itself; but the manufacture and the
sale of the article and the dealing in the article
are not to be subjected to the tax of two tenths
of one per cent, imposed upon other manufac-
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. I
made no such statement.
Mr. SCHENCK. Now, sir, we have taken
a different view of this matter. We put a
special tax of ten dollars upon those who make
sales not exceeding $5,000, and only two tenths
of one per cent, on all over $5,000. We
thought at least this might be made in refer-
ence to the manufacture of cigars, as well as
that they should pay ten dollars on the basis
of a specific tax, although their manufactures
might, in the amount of sales, be less than
S5,000.
I hope this amendment will not prevail. I
hope we shall contrive in some way out of
these subjects of tax to get something more
than that proportion of tax we derive from the
ordinary industry of the country. These refer
to luxurious habits and artificial appetites.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Stevens, of New Hampshire, and it
was rejected.
Mr. GETZ. I move to insert after the word
"cigars," in the seven hundred and thirtieth
line, the words " to an amount exceeding $300
a year." I make this amendment for this
reason : there are a great many small hotels,
beside tavern-keepers and restaurant-keepers,
who sell an inferior quality of tobacco and
cigars to small amounts, and who are under
the imposition of other taxes. I do not think
it is fair to tax them again. Some do not sell
more than fifty dollars a year. I have in my
district tavern-keepers who do not sell more
than $100 a year.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest that the people
who cannot engage in this business profitably
should get into some other small business that
is profitable.
The question was taken ; and Mr. Getz's
amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. I
move to strike out the entire paragraph.
Mr. Chairman, I have been accused, if I
may nSfe- the expression, by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means with being
partial to the manufacture of cigars. I dis-
claim entirely any such partiality. I suppose
those more particularly interested than my
constituents in the other branches of the man-
ufacture of tobacco have their Representatives
who will take care of their interests. I stated
at the outset the particular reason why I
brought this subject to the attention of the
committee. I say now to the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means I am pre-
pared to vote to strike out this whole para-
graph, and strike off this additional burden
from the manufacturers of tobacco.
I am not prepared to -say we should go so
far as to burden the manufacture or culture
of tobacco with such a tax as the gentleman
proposes to derive revenue from it. I do not
admit that tobacco stands upon the same
ground as distilled spirits or intoxicating
liquors. In my judgment it is no more a
luxury than tea or coffee, and it is a habit no
more false for tobacco than for tea or coffee.
Yet, sir, we all know that tea and coffee ara
taxed only for the purpose of raising revenue,
and not because they are luxuries. I am will-
ing that tobacco shall be taxed for the pur-
pose of raising revenue, but I do not wish it
taxed so that it will be burdensome upon the
people, and the result shall be, as the com-
mittee say it has been, to prevent the collec-
tion of the tax.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I do not precisely understand the prop-
osition of thegentleman from New Hampshire.
Under the existing law retail dealers in tobacco
are taxed ten dollars. Under the bill now pro-
posed wo reduce the tax to five dollars, and two
dollars per thousand on other sales, so that it
is a reduction. It is an absolute reduction of
tax on small dealers for the reason that we have
taxed tobacco in the form of manufactured
tobacco and cigars.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. Do I
understand, as the section now stands, we only
put the tax at five dollars?
Mr. ALLISON. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. I
read it ten.
Mr. ALLISON. That has been amended.
Does thegentleman withdraw his amendment?
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. I do
not.
Mr. ALLISON. I will say further that we
propose to tax dealers in tobacco as we propose
to tax dealers in other articles. I appeal to
my friend to know whether or not he proposes,
alter having reduced the tax upon the industry
of the country, iiow to reduce the tax on lux-
uries, those things that are known as such, so
that we shall not raise the requisite amount of
revenue, and next winter have to come back
here and impose taxes upon the industry of his
constituents? Because that will be the result
of it. We must either impose a liberal and
fair tax upon the luxuries of the country, or
we must impose taxes upon its industry. Now,
here is a luxury, and tobacconists in this coun-
try cannot complain of the tax, because we
have imposed an enormous tax on all imported
tobacco.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. If the
gentleman will allow me, I would ask him if
the Committee of Ways and Means have not
found that it is utterly impossible to collect
the tax already imposed upon tobacco in its
various forms?
Mr. ALLISON. I answer the gentleman
by saying that we believe we can collect the
small tax of two tenths of one per cent., or
two dollars on $1,000 as easily upon tobacco
as on any other product manufactured in this
country. That is all we propose to do by
this bill. We propose to disseminate this tax
among the dealers in and manufacturers of
tobacco as we do among the dealers in and
manufacturers of every other product under
this bill. Now we have reduced the specific
tax on cigars to five dollars per thousand, and
I believe we will not increase the specific tax
on the article of tobacco. Therefore I ask
