1868.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
Laivs of the United States.
40th Co5sre....2i> Sess.
Bureau of Ordnance:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, eight
hundred dollars.
Bureau of Construction and Repair:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, eight
hundred dollars.
Bureau of Steam Engineering:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, eight
hundred dollars.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, eight
hundred dollars.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
For stationery and miscellaneous articles,
four hundred dollars.
For the General Purposes of the Navy Depart-
ment Building.
For compensation of five watchmen and two
laborers of the building, four thousand seven
hundred and fifty-two dollars.
For labor, fuel, lights, and miscellaneous
items, six thousand dollars.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, eight thousand dollars; three Assistant
Postmasters General, at three thousand five
hundred dollars each, ten thousand five hun-
dred dollars; superintendent of money-order
system, two thousand five hundred dollars;
chief clerk, two thousand two hundred dol-
lars ; three chief clerks, at two thousand dol-
lars each, six thousand dollars; additional to
one clerk of class four, as disbursing clerk,
two hundred dollars; eleven clerks of class
four, nineteen thousand eight hundred dollars;
forty-nine clerks of class three, seventy-eight
thousand four hundred dollars; forty-five clerks
of class two, sixty-three thousand dollars;
twenty-three clerks of class one, twenty-seven
thousand six hundred dollars; fifty female
clerks, at nine hundred dollars each, forty-five
thousand dollars; ten folders, seven thousand
two hundred dollars; one messenger and three
assistants, at one thousand dollars each, four
thousand dollars; nine watchmen, at seven
hundred and twenty dollars each, six thousand
four hundred and eighty dollars; fifteen labor-
ers, at seven hundred and twenty dollars each,
ten thousand eight hundred dollars.
For twenty-five clerks in dead letter office,
under act of January twenty-first, eighteen hun-
dren and sixty-two, twenty thousand dollars.
For temporary clerks, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For Contingent Expenses of the Post Office
Department.
For blank books, binding, stationery, fuel,
lights, laborers, and furnishing apjjartinents
for additional letter carriers and clerks of the
money-order system, sixty-five thousand dol-
lars.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
For compensation of Commissioner of Agri-
culture, three thousand dollars ; _ chief clerk,
two thousand dollars ; entomologist, two thou-
sand dollars; chemist, two thousand dollars ;
superintendent of experimental gardens, two
thousand dollars; botanist, fourteen hundred
dollars ; superintendent of seed-room, eighteen
hundred dollars ; librarian, eighteen hundred
dollars; supcrintendentoffoldiug-room, twelve
hundred dollars ; two clerks of class four, throe
thousand six hundred dollars ; four clerks of
class three, six thousand four hundred dollars;
">six clerks of class two, eight thousand four
hundred dollars; seven clerks of class one,
eight thousand four hundred dollars ; five copy-
ists and attendants in museum, at one thou-
sand dollars each, five thousand dollars ; three
messengers, at eight hundred and forty dollars
each, two thousand five hundred and twenty
dollars; two watchmen, at eight hundred and
sixty-four dollars each, one thousand seven
hundred and twenty-eightdollars ; six laborers,
at seven hundred and twenty dollars each, four
thousand three hundred and twenty dollars;
statistician, two thousand dollars; assistant
chemist, one thousand six hundred dollars;
assistant superintendent of experimental gar-
den and grounds, one thousand two hundred
dollars ; assistantsuperintendent of seed-room,
one thousand two hundred dollars ; disbursing
clerk, one thousand eight hundred dollars.
Agricultural Statistics.
For collecting statistics and material for
annual report, ten thousand dollars: Provided,
That hereafter the accounts of the Agricultural
Department shall be audited by the First Aud-
itor of the Treasury Department, and revised
and certified by the First Comptroller accord-
ing to law.
Contingencies.
For stationery, freight, and incidentals, five
thousand dollars.
For purchases for library, laboratory, and
museum, five thousand dollars.
For fuel, light, and miscellaneous expenses,
three thousand two hundred dollars.
For keep of horses, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For labor and repairs in the experimental
garden, and purchase of plants for the same,
ten thousand dollars.
For purchase of new and valuable seeds and
labor in putting them up, twenty thousand
dollars.
For the New Building.
For heating apparatus, fifteen thousand dol-
lars.
For gas fixtures, two thousand eight hundred
and ninety dollars.
For cases for museum, three thousand eight
hundred and eighty dollars.
For painting walls, and fitting up bath-room,
six thousand two hundred and fifty-five dol-
lars.
For purchase of furniture and fitting up
laboratory, twelve thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For grading, forming roads and walks, and
improving the grounds, twelve thousand dol-
lars.
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION.
For compensation of Commissioner of Edu-
cation, four thousand dollars ; chief clerk, two
thousand dollars; one clerk of class four,
eighteen huudred dollars ; and one clerk of
class three, sixteen hundred dollars.
For stationery, blank books, freight, express
charges, library, miscellaneous items, and
extra clerical help, ten thousand six hundred
dollars ; in all twenty thousand dollars : Pro-
vided, That from and after the thirtieth day
of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, the
Department of Education shall cease, and
there shall be established and attached to the
Department of the Interior an office to be
denominated the office of education, the chief
officer of which shall be the Commissioner of
Education, at a salary of three thousand dol-
lars per annum, who shall, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, discharge all
such duties, and superintend, execute, and
perform all such acts and things touching and
respecting the said office of education as are
devolved by law upon said Commissioner of
Education.
UNITED STATES JIIXT AND ASSAY OFFICE.
Mini at Philadelphia.
For salaries of the_ Director, treasurer,
assayer, melter and refiner, chief coiner and
engraver, assistant assayer, and seven clerks,
thirty-nine thousand four hundred dollars:
Provided, That from and after the first day of
July, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, the
annual compensation of the weighing clerk
shall be two thousand dollars, and the com-
pensation of the calculating, accounting, and
warrant clerks shall be eighteen hundred dol-
lars each.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, one
hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For specimens of ores and coins to be pre-
served in the cabinet of the Mint, six hundred
dollars.
For freight on bullion and coiu, five thou-
sand dollars. . f
Branch Mint at San Francisco, California.'
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer,
assayist, melter and refiner, coiner, and six
"clerks, thirty thousand five hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, one
hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, re-
pairs, and wastage, eighty thousand dollars:
Provided, That hereafter all the "available
profits" of the United States Mint and branches
shall be covcred into the Treasury, to be ex-
pended only by a specific appropriation.
For specimens of ores, threehundred dollars.
Assay Office, New York.
For salaries of superintendent, assayer, and
melter and refiner, assistant assayer, officers
and clerks, twenty-five thousand seven hun-
dred dollars.
For wages of workmen, in addition to un-
expended balances of former appropriations,
forty thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses,
fifty thousand dollars.
Branch Mint at Denver.
For superintendent, assayer, melter and re-
finer, coiner, and clerks, thirteen thousand
dollars.
For wages of workmen, fourteen thousand
eight hundred and sixty-two dollars and fifty
cents.
For incidental and contingent expenses, one
thousand nine hundred and forty-five dollars
and eighteen cents.
Branch Mint at New Orleans.
For the care and preservation of the branch
mint buildings, machinery, and material, at
New Orleans, three thousand dollars.
Branch Mint at Charlotte, North, Carolina.
For the care and preservation of the branch
mint buildings, machinery, and material, at
Charlotte, North Carolina, including five hun-
dred dollars for necessary repairs, one thou-
sand dollars.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
For salaries of the Assistant Treasurers of
the United States, at New York, Boston,
Charleston, and St. Louis, viz. : for the As-
sistant Treasurer at New York, eight thousand
dollars ; those at Boston and St. Louis, each,
five thousand dollars ; and the one at Charles-
ton, two thousand five hundred dollars ; and
after the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, the annual salary of the Assist-
ant Treasurer at Charleston shall be four thou-
sand dollars, and that amount is hereby appro-
priated—twenty-two thousand dollars.
For additional salary of the treasurer of the
Mint at Philadelphia, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For additional salary of the Treasurer of
the branch mint at New Orleans, five hundred
dollars.
For additional salary of the treasurer of the
branch mint at Denver, five hundred dollars.
For additional salary of the treasurer of the
branch mint at San Francisco, California, fif-
teen hundred dollars: Provided, That there
shall be no increase of salary in the foregoing
paragraphs relating to the Independent Treas-
ury over that allowed by existing laws.
For salaries of the clerks and messengers in
the office of Assistant Treasurer at Boston,
twenty-five thousand two hundred dollars.
For salaries of clerks, messengers, and
watchmen in the office of the Assistant Treas-
urer at New York, one hundred and ten thou-
sand dollars.
