1868.
T B CONGRESSIONAL GLOBli
mr
I>ES MOINES AND ROCK ISLAND RAPIBB. I
Mr.. WILSON, of Iowa, introduced a bill
(II. R. No. 4S">1 to slid tho improvement of the
Des Moines and Rock Island Rapids, in the
Mississippi river : which was read a first and
secoud time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 4^01 to amend an act donating public
lauds to the several States ,'ind Territories
which may pro\ ide colleges for the benefit of
ajrieut'ure and the mechanic arts, approved
July 2, 1802; which wu-j rend a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS OP CONGRESS.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 161) fixing
the compensation of members of Congress:
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
COLORADO POST ROUTES.
Mr. CHILCOTT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 487 ) to establish eertain post routes in the
Territory of Colorado; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Otlice and Post Roads.
JAMES MARTIN.
Mr. CHILCOTT also introduced a bill (H.
E. No. 48S) for the relief of James Martin;
which was read a first and second time, and ,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs. .
RAILROAD GRANTS. I
Mr. CHTLCOTT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 489) explanatory of the several acts
granting lands to railroads within the States
and Territories of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
ARIZONA COLLECTION DISTRICT.
Mr. BASHFORD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 400) to create the collection district of
Arizona; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
BOUNTY TO DRAFTED MEN.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
491) giving a bounty to soldiers drafted into
the Army of the United States; which wa&read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
JOHN T. COX.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced a joint
resolution (II. R. No. 102 j for the relief of
John T. Cox, late regimental quartermaster of
first regiment Indiana home.guards; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
ORPHANS OP SOLDIERS AND PENSIONERS.
Mr. KELLEY introduced a jointr resolution
(H. R. No. 163) relating to orphans of soldiers
ind pensioners; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
ACTTAL SETTLERS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, introduced a
bill i'H. It. No. 492; to secure to actual settlers
the right to purchase lands hereafter granted
to railway and other companies; which was
read a lirst and second time, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
ABIGAIL REYNOLDS.
Mr. UPSON introduced a bill (A. R. No.
493) granting a pension to Abigail Reynolds ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812.
HARBOIt IMPROVEMENTS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. UPSON also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 494) making an appropriation for the im-
provement of Sangatnck harbor, in the State
of Michigan : which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. UPSON also introduced a bill (H. 11.
No. 49">) nuiking appropriation for the im-
provement of the harbor of St. Joseph and
the harbor of South Haven, in the State of
Michigan ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the same committee.
COLLECTORS OF CUSTOMS.
Mr. PEIIHAM introduced a bill (II. R. No.
490) defining the duties of collectors of cus-
toms in certain cases, aud for other purposes ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee ou Commerce.
SOLDIERS' BOUNTIES.
Mr. CHURCHILL introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 164) explanatory of section
13 of the act approved July 28, 180G, entitled
"An act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30,1807, and for other purposes;"
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
NORTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
Mr. CHURCHILL also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 497) to regulate the sessions of
the district court for the northern district of
New York; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed. j
FORT JK3SUP RESERVATION. |
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
498) to declare the Fort Jessup reservation of
lands restored to the United States and subject
to homestead entry and settlement; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
PENSIONS TO WIDOWS AND ORPHAKS.
Mr. MYERS intrtiduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 105) providing that the increased
pensions allowed to widows and orphans shall
not be decreased because of their being in-
mates of public institutions; which was read 1
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be j
printed.
, BUREAU OF STATISTICS.
Mr. BALDWIN introduced a bill (H. R. [
No. 499) to abolish the office of director of !
the bureau of statistics and transfer the busi-
ness of the bureau to the department of edu- j
cation; which was read a tir.st and second
time, and referred to the joint Committee on
Retrenchment.
CUSTODY AND EXPENDITURE OF MONEYS.
I Mr. BUTLER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
! 600) for the better regulation of the custody
i and expenditure of public moneys; which was
1 read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
| Mr. BUTLER. I ask that a report of the
committee be printed with the bill.
I The SPEAKER. That would be in the
nature of a report from a committee, which the
Chair thinks would not be in order under this
call.
Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw the motion to
print the report.
i IMPRISONMENT OF AMERICAN CITIZENS.
I Mr. BROOKS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 106) upon the subject of imprison-
ment of American citizens abroad; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to i
1 the Committee on Foreign Affairs. \
; The call of the States for bills and joint 1
resolutions having been completed,
j The SPEAKER proceeded to call the States
and Territories for resolutions, commencing
with the State of Michigan.
EXAMINATION OP THE PAY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. COBB offered the following resolution,
and demanded the previous question thereon :
Boohed, That the select Committee oft the Wr'ric-
ingsof the Fay Department, which was «|>poUted <m
tho110th day of July, 1867, be, and is hereby, anthor-
110a to summou witnesses and continue to tako tes-
timony by tlio examination of thesanie; also, to send
lor such papei>, records and documents as may be
deemed liecessnvy in tinisliing tho investigation; and
tluit wlien said committee slnill meet lor tho purpose
of cxiimmin^ witnet-t-ea the Paymaster General shall
be notified of such meeting and be allowed to be
present and cross-examine the same if he shall eteot
to do so; and betoro any report shall he made incul-
pating any officer of tho Government such officer
shall bo notified to appear and explain his conduct
belore said committee.
Mr. BLAINE. I rise to a.point of order.
Is that committee now in existence ?
The SPEAKER. It cau be revived by a,
vote of the House.
Mr. BLAINE. Does this resolution revive it?
The SPEAKER. It does revive it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to know the expense the committee has
been at already?
Mr. COBB. 1 call the gentleman to order.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope the resolution will
not be adopted.
The question was put upon seconding the
demand for the previous question ; and there
were—ayes 37, noes 29; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and 5lessrs. Cobb and
Bi-aixe were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 59, noes 41.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. SPALDING. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was put; and the House refused
to lay the resolution on the table.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS BEFORE THE DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, introduced
a joint resolution (II. II. No. 107) in relation
to the prosecution of claims before the Depart-
ments; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that from and after its passage no person who
has been Secretary, Assistant Secretary, bead
of bureau, or clerk in any of the Departments
of the Government shall be permitted to prac-
tice as an attorney or as an agent for the pros'
ecution of claims be/ore the Department in
which he has been such Secretary, Assistant
Secretary, head of bureau, or clerk until after
the expiration of two years from the time his
term of service expires.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, demanded
the previous question on the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en«
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolution
was paSsed ; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD RATES.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask
leave to introduce a joint resolution, which I
seftd up.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman having
already introduced one resolution under this
call he can only introduce another by unani-
mous consent.
Several Members. Let the resolution be
read.
. The Clerk rfcad the joint resolution. It pro-
poses to constitute the Secretary of War, thfc
Secretary of the Interior, and the Attorney
General of the United States a board of com-
missioners, whose duty it shall be on the 1st
day of July in each year to establish a tariff
for freight and passengers ovor the Union
