1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2021
Mr. RAMSEY. Why, sir, I read from a
letter from tlie Commissioner of Indian Affairs
himself, suggesting, as long ago as the 6th of
January, that $40,000 should be immediately
appropriated for this purpose. It will take
months yet to apply the appropriations fully,
even if they be made at once. It will take a
month at least.
Mr. HENDERSON". I sympathize with the
Senator in the object of his amendment. I
have no doubt these Indians were suffering.
Whether they are suffering now I am not so
sure unless the Senator has late information
from there, because my understanding is that
General Terry has been, issuing rations to
them and that he has actually saved them from
starvation. Bui in the absence of any inform-
ation from General Terry as to what he will
beable to do and what he lias already done
it is impossible for me to determine now what
amount ouglit to be appropriated. If the Sen-
ator will withdraw his amendment until the
appropriation bill comes up, which we hope to
get up to-morrow, and which I think we shall
get through to-morrow, it would be better. It
is not a full appropriation bill for the benefit
of all the Indians, but it is a partial appropria-
tion bill, and it includes appropriations for the
benefit of the Sioux of the Missouri and other
Indians connected with the very tribe the
Senator is now speaking of. I believe they
belong to the Santee Sioux.
Mr. RAMSEY. They are Santee Sioux. Do
I understand from the statement of'the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs that
there is a reasonable expectation of getting
that appropriation bill up to-morrow?
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
has reported that bill, and that he expects to
have it passed to-morrow, and also the Post
Office appropriation bill. He proposes first to
call up the Post Office appropriation bill, and
immediately following that to call up the In-
dian appropriation bill to which I have re-
ferred, and by that time I hope to have the
information from General Terry which will
enable me to make a statement to the Senate
showing what amount should be appropriated.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am willing to withdraw
my amendment now and to offer it to that bill
to-morrow, because that is probably the most
effectual way to secure what we want; but I do
not assent that it is not to be offered until we
hear from General Terry. The Government
was informed three months ago that these
Indians were starving, and to ask us to wait
for another dispatch is a little too much.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Commissioner
of Indian Aflairs has sent the dispatches him-
self at my request.
Mr. RAMSEY. I withdraw the amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole was concurred in,
which was to strike out all of the bill after the
enacting clause, and in lieu of the words
stricken out to insert:
That the commission heretofore authorized and
created undei the act of July 20,1867, " to establish
peace with certain hostile Indian tribes, ' is hereby
authorized, if on examination it be thought advisa-
ble, to conclude a treaty with the Navajo Indians
now at the Bosque Rcdondo, in the Territory of Now
Mexico, providing for the removal of said Indians
to their former home in the northern part of said
Territory, or tosuch other lands in the Indian teiri-
tory west of the State of Arkansas as may be
thought best suited to their present condition and
future prosperity; and for the purpose of carrying
out the provisions of this act, and to subsist the In-
dians during the period of removal, there is hereby
appropriated the sum of $150,000 to be expended,
if Found necessary, by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, under the direction and supervision of said
commissioners.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the suai of
$75,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary to be
expended by tho Commissioner in the same manner
as provided in the preceding section, be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated, for the purpose of
enabling- said commission to conclude a peace with
the Sioux Indians of the Powder river, the northern
Chcyennes, and other Indians recently hostile in the
western part of Dakota, now being assembled at
Fort, Laramie, and also meet tho Shoshones, Snakes,
Bannocks, and other Indians on or near the line of
the Union Pacifio railroad.
The amendment was ordered to be eDgrossed
and the bill to be read the third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed. Its title
was amended by adding the words "and for
other purposes."
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 4)
for the relief of William Shunk, with an amend-
ment, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 328) to establish
certain post roads, with an amendment in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joint resolu-
tion, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 867) for the relief of Jona-
than Jessop, postmaster at York, Pennsyl-
vania ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 146) for the
relief of James C. Sloo.
executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. House bill
No. 832, the Post Office appropriation bill, is
now regularly before the Senate as the unfin-
ished business of yesterday.
Mr. PESSENDEN. That bill being pending,
I move that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business. There is no
object in proceeding with that bill to-night, I
suppose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. With the un-
derstanding that the bill is to be proceeded
with in the morning, I do not object to my col-
league's motion.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 8C7) for the relief of
Jonathan Jessop, postmaster at York, Penn-
sylvania, and the joint resolution (H. R. No.
146) for the relief of James C. Sloo, were sev-
erally read twice by their titles, and referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that when the
Senate adjourn to-day it be to meet on Mon-
day next.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, called for the
yeas and nays ; and they were ordered ; and
being taken resulted—yeas 13, nays 12; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Cattell, Cole,
Doolittle, Hendricks, Howard, McCr^ery, Ross,
Sprague, Tipton, Van Winkle, and Vickers—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Conncss, Cnrbett, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Pomeroy, Sumner, Wade, Willey, Williams, and
Wilson—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Chandler, Conkling,
Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fcs-
senden, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Harlan,
Henderson, Howe, Johnson, Morrill of "Vermont,
Morton, Norton, Nye, Patterson of Tennessee,
Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart, Thayer,
Trumbull, and Yates—29.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
not a quorum voting.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Fkidat, March 20, 1808.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
correction of the journal.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I notice by the read-
ing of the Journal that the time of leave of
absence granted to my colleague [Mr. Morgax]
is stated at one week. Indefinite leave of ab-
sence was asked for; and I move that the
Journal be corrected accordingly.
The motion was agreed to.
impeachment op the president.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I rise to a privileged
question. I move a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of introducing, at the sugges-
tion of the managers of the impeachment, the
following resolution :
_ Resolved, That on the days when'the Senate shall
sit for the trial of the President upon the articles of
impeachment exhibited by the House of Represent-
atives the House, in Committee of the Whole, will
attend with the managers at the bar of the Senate at
the hour named for the commencement of the pro-
ceedings.
The question was taken; and two thirds vot-
ing in favor thereof, the rules were suspended.
The question was upon agreeing to the res-
olution.
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to inquire
if there is any compulsion about it?
Mr. WOOD. I desire to know if it is to be
understood that the House shall remain in the
Senate Chamber during the trial?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I do not understand
that there will be any compulsion about it
except what will be resting upon every member
from the vote of the House.
Mr. WOOD. There is to be no session of
the House pending the trial?
The SPEAKER. There will be none un-
der this resolution, while the trial is proceed-
ing ; but it will be competent for the House at
any time to order otherwise.
Mr. JENCKES. Are we to understand that
this resolution will have the effect of declaring
that the House will not transact any business
on the days when "the Senate is in session for
the trial of the impeachment?
Mr. BOUTWELL. During the trial the
House will not be in session.
Mr. JENCKES. I would like to move an
amendment providing that on those days the
House shall meet at eleven o'clock for the pur-
pose of having a morning hour.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I presume the Speaker
of the House can better answer the gentleman's
question than I can ; but my understanding is
that the House will not be adjourned by the
operation of this resolution, but will return to
its Chamber.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes] desires to amend
the resolution so as to provide that the House
shall meet at eleven o'clock on the days when
the trial is proceeding for the purpose of hav-
ing a morning hour.
Mr. WASI1BURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
amendment will not prevail. It will be utterly
impossible for the committees to get along with
their business if the House should meet at
eleven o'clock.
Mr. JENCKES. If there is to be no busi-
ness done on these days after the House enters
the Senate Chamber, there certainly should be
some time given before the House goes over
to the Senate Chamber for committees to make
reports.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot yield for any
amendment. The amendment suggested by
the gentleman from Rhode Island is a propo-
sition which can be presented to the House by
itself and will rest upon its own merits. This
resolution does not relate particularly to the
business of the House. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to inquire whether,
the court meeting at one o'clock, we will not
have plenty of time for the purpose indicated
by the gentleman from Rhode Island from
twelve to one o'clock?
_ Mr. BOUTWELL. We shall have what
time there is.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
