522
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 20,
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
for salaries of clerks, messengers, and
watchmen in the office of the Assistant Treas-
urer at Philadelphia, twenty four thousand,
eight hundred and eighty-five dollars.
For salaries of clerks, messengers, and
watchmen in the ofTiee of the Assistant Treas-
urer at St. Louis, ten thousand five hundred
and sixty dollars.
For salaries of clerks, porter, and watchmen
in the office of the Assistant Treasurer at. New
Orleans, nine thousand six hundred dollars.
For compensation to stamp clerk, cashier,
and clerk in the office of the Assistant Treas-
urer at San Francisco, six thousand nine hun-
dred dollars.
For compensation of the depositary at Santa
F6, and the clerk, watchman, and porter in his
office, four thousand eight hundred dollars.
For salary of the clerk to the Acting Assistant
Treasurer at Denver, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
For salaries of clerks in the office of the
depositary at Louisville, live thousand nine
hundred and forty dollars.
For salaries of clerks in the office of the
depositary at Chicago, two thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
For salaries of clerks and watchmcn in the
office of the depositary at Pittsburgh, three
thousand four hundred dollars.
For salaries of clerks and messengers in the
office of the depositary at Baltimore, seven
thousand six hundred dollars.
For salaries of clerks in the office of the
depositary at Cincinnati, fourteen thousand
eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For salaries of additional clerks, and addi-
tional compensation of officers and clerks,
under act of August sixth, eighteen hundred
and forty-six, for the better organization of the
Treasury, at such rates as the Secretary of the
Treasury may deem just and reasonable, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For compensation to designated depositaries,
under fourth section of the act of August sixth,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, for the collec-
tion, safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement
of the public revenue, five thousand dollars.
For compensation to special agents to ex-
amine the books, accounts, and money on hand
at the several depositaries, under the act of
the sixth August, eighteen hundred and forty-
six, six thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses under the act of the
sixth of August, eighteen hundred and forty-
six, for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer,
and disbursement of the public revenue, in
addition to premium which may be received
on transfer drafts, one hundred thousand dol-
lars : Provided, That no part of said sum shall
be expended for clerical services.
For checks and certificates of deposit for
office of Assistant Treasurer at New York and
other offices, eight thousand dollars.
governments is the territories.
Territory of New Mexico.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice, and
two associate judges, and secretary, twelve
thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
_ For interpreter and translator in the execu-
tive office, five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks,
and contingent expenses of the Assembly,
twenty thousand dollars.
Territory of Utah.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice, two
associate judges, and secretary, twelve thousand
dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
^ For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of th e Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks,
and contingent expenses of the Assembly,
twenty thousand dollars.
Territory of Washington.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice, two
associate judges, and secretary, twelve thousand
five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers ofthe Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks,
and contingent expenses of the Assembly,
twenty thousand dollars.
Territory of Colorado.
For salaries of Governor and superintendent
of Indian affairs, chief justice, and two asso-
ciate judges, and secretary, eleven thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory,
one thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers ofthe Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks,
and contingent expenses of the Assembly,
twenty thousand dollars.
Territory of Dakota.
For salaries of Governor and superintendent
of Indian affairs, chief justice and two associate
judges, and secretary, nine thousand seven
hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly, officers,
clerks, and contingent expenses of the Assem-
bly, fifteen thousand dollars.
Territory of Arizona.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice, and
two associate judges, and secretary, twelve
thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
For interpreter and translator in the execu-
tive office, five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of the Legislative • Assembly, officers,
clerks, and contingent expenses of the Assem-
bly, twenty thousand dollars.
Territory of Idaho.
For salaries of Governor and superintendent
of Indian affairs, chief justice and two associate
judges, and secretary, twelve thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly, officers,
clerks, and contingent expenses of the Assem-
bly, twenty thousand dollars.
i Territory of Montana.
| For compensation of Governor and superin-
! tendent of Indian affairs, chief justice and two
| associate judges, and secretary, twelve thou-
! sand dollars.
! For contingent expenses of the Territory,
i one thousand dollars.
i For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly, officers,
clerks, and contingent expenses of the Assem-
bly, twenty thousand dollars: Provided, That
the several amounts herein appropriated for
the expenses of the Legislative Assemblies,
shall only be expended in payment for bien-
nial sessions, after the first day of July next.
judiciary.
Office of the Attorney General.
For salaries of the Attorney General, Assist-
ant Attorney General, law clerk, and chief
clerk, two clerks of class four, two clerks of
class three, one clerk of class one, and one
messenger, in bis office, twenty-five thousand
two hundred dollars.
Contingent expenses of the office of the
Attorney General, namely:
For fuel, labor, furniture, stationery, and
miscellaneous items, five thousand dollars.
For purchase of law and necessary books
for the office of the Attorney General, one
thousand dollars.
Justices of the Supreme Court of the United,
States.
For salaries of the Chief Justice and six
associate justices, forty-two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For one associate justice, six thousand dol-
lars.
For traveling expenses of the judge assigned
to the tenth circuit for attending session ofthe
Supreme Court of the United States, one thou-
sand dollars.
For salaries of the district judges of the
United States, one hundred and sixty-five
thousand dollars.
For salaries of the chief justice of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, the associate
judges, and judge of the orphans' court, nine-
teen thousand dollars.
For salary of the reporter of the decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the district attorneys,
twelve thousand five hundred dollars, and that
the district attorney for Nevada shall receive
a salary for extra services of two hundred dol-
lars per annum ; and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is hereby authorized to audit and pay, out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the salaries of the present in-
cumbent and his predecessor, R. M. Clark, at
the rate of two hundred dollars per annum for
their services.
For compensation of the district marshals,
! fourteen thousand six hu -dred dollars.
i Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That
| the provisions of section ten of an act "mak-
| ing appropriations for sundry civil expenses
! of the Government for the year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
and for other purposes," approved March two,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, be, and
they are hereby, extended to one additional
newspaper in the Distnct of Columbia from
the date of the approval of said act, the same
to be selected by the Clerk of the House of
Representatives.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all
acts or parts of acts authorizing the publica-
tion of the debates in Congress are hereby re-
pealed from and after the fourth day of March
next; and the joint Committee on Printing is
hereby authorized and required to invite pro-
posals for the publication of the actual pro-
ceedings and debates in'Congress, upon a plan
and specifications to bo previously published
by them, and shall also ascertain the cost of
such publication by the Superintendent of Pub;
lie Printing, and shall report as soon as prac-
ticable such proposals and estimate of cost,
together with a bill to provide for the publica-
tion of the debates and proceedings of Con-
gress.
Sec. 4. And be itfiirtlier enacted, That all
advertisements, notices, proposals for con-
tracts, executive proclamations, treaties, and
laws to be published in the District of Colum-
bia, Maryland, and Virginia shall be published
in the papers now selected under the provis-
ions of section ten of an act approved March
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, en-
titled "An act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of tlie Government for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, and for other purposes,''
and shall also be published in the paper se-
lected under the provisions of the second sec-
tion of this act: Provided, That no advertise!
ment to any State, District, or Territory other
than the District of Columbia, Maryland, or
Virginia, shall be published in the papers des-
ignated, unless at the direction first made of
the proper head of a Department.
„ Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That
each night watchman at the Treasury Depart-
ment shall, from the first day of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, receive a compensa-
tion of .nine hundred dollars per annum, and
an amount sufficient to pay said increased
