3046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
would be to pay each one of them twenty-five
cents in order to induce him to be registered.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move to amend by
striking out the whole paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Pile] has been already recog-
nized to make that motion, but yielded that
the paragraph might be perfected. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Scheuck,] to strike out" one
dollar" and insert "twenty-five cents," so as
to make the first sentence read, " Cigar-makers
shall each pay twenty-five cents."
The amendment was not agreed to.
^Ir. PILE. Mr. Chairman, I move to amend
by striking out the first sentence. 1 proposed
to move to strike out this whole paragraph ;
but from the remarks of flie gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] I have concluded that
this registration is perhaps necessary. It may
be necessary to require these cigar-makers to
register; to keep a list of them at the offices
of the different assessors ; but it certainly seems
to me a very small business to impose a tax of
twenty-five cents on the cigar-makers for mak-
ingthis registration. If the object is simply
their registration and not to make this a source
of revenue, then, as tho gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paine] has said, that object can
be better secured by simply requiring them to
register, imposing upon them the payment of
no fee for such registration.
I am opposed absolutely to the principle of
taxing directly the laborer, even to the extent
of one cent. I do not want it to be said that
we tax directly the man who earns his bread
by his toil. I am unwilling that by our legis-
lation we should impose taxation directly
upon the journeyman laborer, the laborer who
works in the shop for his daily or weekly wages.
I am against the whole principle, and I trust
that any provisions founded upon that princi-
ple will be stricken from this bill. If there is
a necessity for this registration, let the provis-
ions with reference to registration stand, but
strike out this pitiful little tax of twenty-five
cents or one dollar.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, I rise to oppose
theamendineutofthegentlenianfi'om Missouri,
[Mr. Pile,] because I think no portion of this
paragraph ought to be retained. It proposes
to impose a fine of five dollars for each day that
a cigar-maker may refuse or neglect to register.
This penalty applies to every cigar-maker. 1
want to say to the committee that in my section
of the country, as 1 suppose in many other
localities, these cigar-makers are composed in
many instances of boys and girls, old negro
men and women, persons who have not the
capacity to conform to a requirement of this
kind. To fine each of these persons five dollars
for every day that they fail to do what many
of the most intelligent of them have not the
intelligence to understand, seems to me to be
too severe. Let us, if nccessary, require the
manufacturer to furnish a list of the persons in
his employ, and fine him if he fails to do so ;
let us adopt any method by which we can reach
a registration through intelligence; but to
require boys and girls, old negro men and
women—persons who would be paupers but for
the fact that they can make cigars—to register
under a penalty of five dollars for every day
they fail to register, would be, in my judgment,
unwise legislation. Every gentleman of this
House living in a tobacco-growing region must
know that very many of our cigarsaremade by
the class of persons I have mentioned. To
impose upon them this penalty of five dollars
a day would be utterly ruinous ; it would simply
fill your jails to no purpose whatever. That is
the reason I object to this whole paragraph.
Mr. SCIIEN OK. 1 move pro forma to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Pile] so as to strike out, instead
of the first sentence, the whole of the first line
of the paragraph. I rose a while ago for the
purpose of opposing the gentleman's amend-
ment, but was so unfortunate as to be unable
to get the recognition of the Chair before another
gentleman, who made a speech on the same
side, which I do not understand to be a very
formidable kind of opposition.
I wish tho House distinctly to understand
that I care not whether they call this a tax or
a permit; I care not whether they charge any-
thing for it so only they shall secure the regis-
tration as a sort of a police registration, for
that is all it is. If you want to collect the tax
upon cigars it is necessary that you should
know who are engaged in the manufacture of
cigars. The great difficulty is to keep the run
of those who make cigars for the manufacturers.
The mere maker is not called a manufacturer
and is not taxed as a manufacturer, but he
who has the capital and employs these actual
makers is charged and taxed in this way ; and
in order to prevent fraud in this, just as in the
matter of fraud in whisky between the worm
of the still and the distillery warehouse, it seems
to have been shown beyond all question, clearly
and certainly, we must know where and by
whom cigars are made, in order that they may
be embraced, and in order their numbers may
be ascertained and the tax collected upon them.
Now, sir, for this purpose it has been the
policy of the law to have them pay for what is
called a "permit." We propose the sam6
thing, and call it a special tax. I do not care
what you call it; I do not care whether you
charge anything or not. We have only charged
the cigar-maker enough to pay the assessor
for issuing a certificate of registration. He is
charged twenty-five cents, which, as the law is
now, and as we propose to make it, goes as a
compensation to the assessor. We propose
simply that the cigar-maker shall pay enough,
call it tax or permit, to pay the expenses of
this certificate of registration.
Mr. WELKER. I suggest to my colleague
to strike out all of this section which requires
any tax to be paid at all, and require these
cigar-makers to register their names.
Mr. SCIIENCK. That is exactly the amend-
ment now pending offered by the gentleman
from Missouri.
Mr. WELKER. But his amendment strikes
out that part in reference to obtaining a regis-
ter. I want to strike out all that part which
provides that they shall be fined. I want to
provide that they shall be registered, but that
they- shall be required to pay nothing. This
will obviate all difficulty.
Mr. SCHENCK. In other words, the gen-
tleman will make cigar-makers do certain
things, and then strike out the definition of
a cigar-maker. We propose to keep up that
definition. 1 know perfectly well what all this
means. I have it in my own town, whore we
make four mil'ion cigars. If I were one of
these cigars-makers 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. Mr.
Chairman, 1 desire to remind the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, in refer-
ence to the fee of twenty-five cents to the
assessor for registering cigar-makers, that an
amendment was made to strike that out, but
action on it was suspended, dependent on the
action on this paragraph. If this be stricken
out, then the part that relates to tho fee to the
assessor will also be stricken out. That was
the understanding with which we passed from
the preceding portion of the bill. Therefore
the fee to the assessor ought not to be brought
up as a plea why this should be put in this
paragraph to pay the assessor.
The question was taken on Mr. Schexck's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I move to strike out
the first sentence.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I move to strike out
the whole paragraph, and insert a substitute.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order.
The question was taken on Mr. Pile's
amendment; and it was rejected, only twenty-
four voting in the affirmative.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move to strike out
the whole paragraph; and I am very much
obliged to the Committee of Ways and Means
for the opportunity to give my views on this
paragraph. I have watched this hill as atten-
tively as almost any member who has not par-
ticipated in getting it up, from the beginning
on to this hour. I have read it "through. I
have tried to get through my brain what it
meant, and I have never come to any conclusion
until we reached this paragraph of the bill;
and that is this, that the committee have aban-
doned all idea of getting tax on whisky and
spirits, and they have at last come down to the
poorest class of mechanics to tax them upon
their business and occupation.
Mr. SCHBNCK. It is the present law.
Mr. EGGLESTON. A more odious tax
never was imposed than that under the pres-
ent law. You ask the assistant assessors in
the large cities to go into a cigar-shop, creep
up to the crippled soldier, and ask him for his
twenty-five cents, These officers tell ine they
would rather take a half dollar outof their own
pocket and put it into tho hands of these poor
men than be compelled to perform this duty.
Under the present lawthey ask him for twenty-
five cents, but the Committee of Ways and
Means have proposed to increase it to a dollar.
Mr. ALLISON. My proposition is to make
it twenty-five cents.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I know it; but why
did you propose it? Because you saw gentle-
men on every side demanding it. As my col-
league [Mr. Sciienck] said, it was five against
one. Now, this is a small matter lor us. My
friend from Illinois [Mr. Logan-] says he does
not belong to the committee. I thought he
did. I say this is a small matter to us, but
to these people it is important. And yet it is
not so much the dollar or the twenty-live cents
as it is the principle. We do not tax the car-
penter, nor the shoemaker, nor mechanics of
any sort from beginning to end of this bill.
You tax nobody except those poor cigar-
makers, many of whom are females, many of
whom are small girls and boys of ten or twelve
years of age. Wo propose to send these
assessors about the cigar-shops to collect this
twenty-five cents. Sir, if there is no other
way of keeping a record of how many cigars
are made in this country I say let the record
go. Do not let us have any such means as
this provided for making a record.
Mr. MULLINS. Will the gentleman allow
me a question ?
Mr. EGGLESTON. Certainly.
Mr. MULLINS. 1s the gentleman engaged
in the cigar manufacture? [Laughter.]
Mr. EGGLESTON. 1 am engaged in no
such business, if I was engaged, 1 will say
to the gentleman, in any kind of manufactur-
ing business, I would not vote upon a question
affecting that business here one way or the
oilier. I hope that this paragraph will be
stricken out. lam satisfied my colleague [Mr.
Schestok] will wish it had been when he comes
to look it over. I hope he will agree now to
have it all stricken out.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I am happy
to know that my colleague has given continual
attention to this tax bill. Watching it as it pro-
ceeded from page to page through all its great
length, and waiting till some grand subject equal
tohisgenius—twenty-fiveeeutsoncigars [laugh-
ter]—was presented for tho consideration of tho
House, and then his mighty intellect was waked
up as he found a subject with which he could
grapple. [Laughter. 1 congratulate the conn try
and this House that atter watching, waiting,
hoping, and looking for some occasion which
should arouse his intellect so as to assert itself
in its full proportions and give the world the
entire benefit of all this genius, he has at length
reached that which was the proper standard
for its measurement. [Laughter.] Sir, Ihavo
said nothing about there being five againstone
on this question. When gentlemen wereinter-
rupting me all around, i said that I could not
answer five at a time who were appealing to
me for the floor. .It was a perversion to sug-
gest that I said anything else.
As to this tax I have explained without any
demagogism, and, as I thought, clearly 10
the House, that the committee have hot pro-
