638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Pacific and Central Pacific railroads and their
branches, which tariff shall he equitable and '
just and not exceeding double the average i
rates charged on the different lines of railroad
between the Mississippi river and the Atlantic
ocean in latitudes north of St. Louis; Missouri,
and that it shall not be lawful for said railroad
companies to charge any sum in excess of the
rates so fixed.
Mr. DODGE. I object
army sutlers.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, aud
adopted:
That the Committee on Military Affairs
be lioreby instructed to inquire into the necessity of
reestablishing the office of sutler in the Army for the
Pacific States aud Territories, or the extension of the
act authorizing the establishment of trade stores in
those States, or any of them, not now provided for
by that act.
pacific railroad rates.
Mr. WINDOM introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 169) to regulate the tariff for
freight and passengers on the Union and Cen-
tral Pacific railroads and branchy; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. WINDOM. Upon that question I call
for the previous question. j
The joint resolution was read at length. It ;
provides that the Secretary of War, the Secre- 1
tary of the Navy, and Attorney General of the
United States shall constitute a board of com-
missioners, whose duty it shall be on the 1st day
of July in each year to establish atari ff for freight
and passengers over the Union Pacific and Cen-
tral Pacific railroads and their branches, which
tariff shall be equitable and just, and not ex- 1
ceeding double the average freights charged on 1
the different lines of railroad between the Mis-
sissippi river and Atlantic ocean in latitudes
north of St. Louis, Missouri, and it shall not
be lawful for said railroad companies to charge
any sum in excess of the rates so fixed and
established.
The question was upon seconding the call for
the previous question; and upon a division
there were—ayes 53, noes 55.
Before the result«f the vote was announced,
Mr. WINDOM called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Washburn
of Wisconsin and Mr. Jouxsox were ap-
pointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 51, noes 63.
So the previous question was not seconded.
The question then recurred upon ordering the
joint resolution to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. HIGBY. I desire to debate this joint
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Higby] rising to debate the joint
resolution, it goes over under the rule.
mrs. j. m. nOCKADAY.
Mr. CARY asked and obtained leave to have
withdrawn from the files of the House copies
of the papers in the case of Mrs. J. M. Hock-
aday.
congressional temperance society.
Mr. DONNELLY submitted the following
preamble and resolution, upon which he called
the previous question :
Whereas asociety has been formed by members of
Congress called "The Congressional Temperance
Society;" and whereas it is contemplated by said
society to hold a public meeting on Sunday, the 26th
instant, at seven o'clock p. id. : Therefore.
lletolved. That the Hall of the House of Represent-
atives be granted for that purpose, to enable mem-
bers of the Iiouse to take part in the ceremonies on
that occasion.
Mr. SPALDING. Does not that resolution
require a two-third vote?
i'he SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. SPALDING. Is not there a rule of
the House forbidding the use of. the Hall for
such purposes?
The SPEAKER. Rule 155, while providing
that the Hall of the House shall not be used
for any other purpose than the legitimate
business of the Iiouse, especially excepts
those "occasions where the House may by
resolution agree to take part iu any ceremonies
to be observed therein."'
The previous question was then seconded
upon a division—ayes 09, noes 43.
The question was upon ordering the main
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the resolution be laid on the table ; and
upon that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 41, nays 112, not
voting 35; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Delos R. Ashley, Baker,
Barnuui.Boyer, Cromwell, Crooks, Burr, Clianler,
Dodge, Eldridge, Farnsworth, t'erriss, ioi, Goti,
Ulossbrenner, Griswold, liaight, Hotehkiss, Hum-
phrey, Kerr, Marahull, McCarthy, Niblock, Nichol-
son, Pike, Poland, Pruyn, Selienck, Seofield, Sp.ild-
ing. Stewart, Stone, Tabrr, Lawrence S.Triuihlp.Vtin
Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump. Elihu B.
Washburne, Thomas Williams, and Wood—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, James M. Ashley, Axtelt, Bailey, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Beck, Benjamin, Bingham, Blair.
Boutwell, Broomall,Buckland,Oake, Gary, Churchill,
Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Co#b, Coburn,
Cook, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Ecklcy, Kggleston,
Ela, Eliot, Ferry, Fields, Garfield.Golladay,Gravely.
Grover, Hardin?, Higby, Holman, Hopkins, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Chester 1>. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hun-
ter, lugersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, J udd, Julian,
Kclley. Kelsey, Kitchen, Knott, Koontz, William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughridgc, Marvin. Maynard,
McCormiek, Mercur, Miller. Moore. Moorhcatl. Mor-
rell, Morrissey, Muilins, Myers, Newcorab, Nunn,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pcrham, Peters, Plants, Pols-
ley, I'omeroy, Price, li.:indall, Haum, Robertson,
Ross, Sawyer, Shanks, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stark-
weather, Aaron F. Stevens, Taylor, Thomas, John
Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aer-
naui, Burt Van Horn, Van AVyck, Cauwalader C.
Washburn. Ilenry D. Washburn. William B. Wash-
barn, Welker, William Williams, James F. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Windom, Woodbridge, and Wood-
ward—112.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barnes, Benton, Blaine,
Butler, Cornell, Covode, Collom, Driggs, Finney,
Halseyv Hawkins, Hill, Hooper, Riqfiard D. Hub-
bard. Ketcham, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Loan,
Logan, Lynch, Mallory, McClurg, McCullough. Mor-
gan, Mungen, Phelps, Pile, Robinson, Selye, Shcl-
labargcr, Thnddeus Stevens, Stokes, Taffe, Ward, and
Stephen F. Wilson—35.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the
table was not. agreed to.
The question then recurred on ordering the
main question.
The main question was ordered; and un-
der the operation thereof the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. DONNELLY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution wfis adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
contingent expenses of clerk's office.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Clerk of the House of Representatives, trans-
mitting his annual report of the contingent
expenses of his office; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
employes in clerk's office.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Clerk ofthe House of Representatives,
transmitting a list of employ6s in his office for
1867; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
leave of absence.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have received a note
from my colleague, Mr. Stokes, stating that
he is compelled, for the first time in his con-
gressional life, to ask, on account of domestic
calamity, leave of absence for ten days, which
I hope will be granted.
Leave was granted.
prize proceedings, etc.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 501) sup-
plementary to an act entitled "An act to regu-
late prize proceedings and the distribution of
prize uaoney, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1804 ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
| Judiciary.
j rights of american citizens abroad.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, by unanimous con-
| sent, presented resolutions iidopteil nt a mass
meeting held in Alleghany, Cliutauquecounty,
New \ork, January 2, 1808, declaring the
rights of American citizens abroad ; which were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BOYERf I ask unanimous consent to
present a petition on the same subject as the
resolutions just presented.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the gentleman will proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. BOYER. I present the petition of
over three hundred citizens of Pennsylvania,
residents of the district which I have the honor
to represent in this House, praying that Con-
gress will take such legislative action as will
not only define the status of the naturalized
citizens of this Republic before the wortd. but
, also compel the Government of Great Britain
to recognize the validity of the naturalization
of those citizens whom now she holds in dur-
ance, and do justice to them by reinstating
them in the liberties and immunities of which
they have been deprived, in violation of their
rights as American citizens.
; Mr. Speaker, instead of filing this petition
1 with the Clerk in the ordinary way, I have
;! preferred to call the attention of the House to
' it in this more conspicuous manner, on ac-
count of the growing importance of the sub-
ject, and especially in view ofthe fact that, the
latest netvs from Europe has brought us intel-
ligence of the arrest of native-born American
citizens immediately upon their arrival in Eng-
j land, not for any offense committed or alleged
I to have been committed within the British do-
: minions, but simply for the exercise of free
' speech in their native country.
i The petition was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
obituary announcements.
The SPEAKER. The delegation from the
State of Missouri have stated to the Chair that
they desire to announce, on Wednesday next,
at three o'clock, the death of their late col-
league, Mr. Noell. The delegation from Ohio
have stated their wish to announce, on Thurs-
day next, at two o'clock, the death of their
late colleague, Mr. Hamilton. The delegation
from Kentucky desire to announce, on Friday
next, at three o'clock, the death of Mr. Hise,
who was elected a member of this House.
message from tiie senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed an act (S. No. 106)
for the relief of the owners of the land within
the United States snrvey No. 3217, in the State
of Missouri; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
It further announced that the Senate insisted
on their amendments to House bill No. 207, to
provide for the exemption of cotton from inter-
tial taxation, and asked for a committee of
conference; and had appointed, as the man-
agers on the part of the Senate. Mr. Sherman,
Mr. Conkling, and Mr. Mouhili., of Vermont.
bounties.,
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Jiftohid, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of ex-
tending the provisions of so much of the act of July
2S, 1866, as grants bounties to certain soldiers of the
late war for the suppression of the rebellion who vol-
unteered in the year 1861, so as to include within its
benefits the same class of soldiers who were discharged
by reason of disability incurred in the line of their
duties; and to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. PILE. I desire to say to the gentleman
[Mr. Niblack] that the Committee on Military
Affairs already have this subject under consid-
eration.
The resolution was adopted.
