ia68.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
639
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. SPALblNG. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the Hquse, as the regular order, re-
sumes the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
430) additional and supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to provide for the more effi-
cient government of the rebel States," passed
March 2. 1867. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] is entitled to the floor, he hav-
ing announced that he would, at the expiration
of the morning hour to-day, rise for the pur-
pose of closing the debate.
Mr. BINGHAM. During my absence on
Friday the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Pruyn] obtained the floor on this bill; and
under the circumstances I deem it my duty to
submit to the House whether that gentleman
may not be yermitted to proceed for half an
hoar, to be followed by several other gentle-
men who have indicated to the Chair their
desire to speak, 1 postponing the call for the
previous question until twenty minutes past
three o'clock this afternoon. If that be the
pleasure of the House, I will yield to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Pruyn] for half
an hour.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the debate will continue in half-honr speeches
until twenty minutes past three o'clock this
afternoon.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER. Thffgentleroan from New
York. [Mr. Prpyn,] who obtained the floor
at the adjournment on Friday last, is entitled
to the floor this morning for half an hour.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to inquire whether
the gentleman from Ohio will not let all the
amendments offered come in before he calls
the previous question, so that a vote can be
had on them ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will say to the gentle-
man that I propose to withdraw the motion to
recommit, to offer amendments to perfect the
liill. and then to demand the previous question,
which will, of course, cut off the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will allow us to offer amendments and
take the vote of the House on them. There
♦ is no use in discussion unless that is d«ne.
Mr. BINGHAM. I can only say the com-
mittee considered very fully the amendment
the gentleman speaks about, and I feel myself
instructed on the subject of that amendment.
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Speaker, as my time is
limited, I will say that I do not wish to be inter-
rupted during the course of my remarks.
When it is proposed in this House to subvert
the fundamental principles of our Govern-
ment, and to break down the landmarks which
guard our free institutions, it is to be expected
that the best minds of those engaged in the
work will assign the best reasons they can give
for their bold attempt. And those who hap-
pen to be placed at the post of duty must
meet these movements, whether th^j proceed
from secessionists on the one side or from
revolutionists on the other, with the firm
determination never to disregard, never to
abandon, the great principles intrusted to their
keeping.
I listened with interest to the eloquent words,
to the warm utterances, to the fancy, aBd to
the rhetoric, with which the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] opened this debate ; but
I listened in vain for any substantial reasons
which could justify the extraordinary legisla-
tion he proposed.
In the short time I am entitled to the floor
I can only briefly advert to some of the fea-
tures of the bill under consideration, and to
the views by which it is supported. I am forced
to omit an examination of those parts of it
which attempt to override the rights of the Ex-
ecutive and to interfere with the power of the
judiciary. Should the bill become a law both
these attempts will fail—as the General of the
Army will still, on well settled principles, be
subject, under the Constitution, to the orders
of the Coramander-in-Chief, and the Supretoe
Court will most assuredly , if the law be brought
before them, adjudicate its provisions, and I
doubt not hold them to be unconstitutional and
void, as they will also the act, should it become
a law, a kindred measure to this, which passed
this body a few days ago, and by which it is
intended, for political purposes, to undermine
the judicial power of the United States. These
subjects and the large field of discussion which
they open I must pass by, and proceed to con-
sider other views presented in support of the
bill.
The measure I understand to be advocated
on two grounds. The one is this: that the
southern States, by reason of the success of
our arms have ceased to exist as independent
States, and that Congress may organize thein
as they please, under the war power, or that
it may treat them as Territories and make all
" needful rules and regulations" for their gov- |
erntaent, under the second section of the fourth
article of the Constitution.
The other view recognizes the existence of
the States as such, and claims that their con-
stitutions which existed before the rebellion
have been swept away; that their governments
now in existence are not republican in form;
and that, therefore, it is the duty of Congress
under the fourth section of the fourth article of
the Constitution, to interpose and establish new
governments for them. I he sectipn reads thus:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in the Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion; and ,
on application of the Legislature, or  f the Execu- :
tive, (when the Legislature cannot bo convened.)
against domestic violence."
The first view is based upon the theory of
the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylva- \
nia, [Mr. Stevens,] which he presented to this
House in the Thirty-Eighth Congress, where, to
the best of my ability and opportunity, (for the
previous question then, as now, was constantly
interposed to check discussion,) I controverted ;
it, which theory he has at all times boldly ad- j
vocated, and is entitled to the credit of having
frankly admitted that its consequences carry
its supporters "outsideof the Constitution."
Those who maintain the other view of the
subject are not as frank in their avowals as
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, although
their doctrines are almost if not quite as per-
nicious; for if there be any choice it is in
favor of the first, as its supporters go outside
of the Constitution, leaving the fabric un-
touched, while the latter, under the guise of
friendship, stab it in its vital parts.
To discuss these positions to the extent which
the importance of the subjects—present as well
as future—demands would require almost as
many hours as I have minutes allowed me, and
I must be content to call attention in a very
general way to some views in regard to them.
The theory that the southern States are con-
quered territories proceeds upon the assump-
tion that they became belligerents in the full
sense of the term by reason of the President's
proclamation of blockade, that the war was
thenceforth, as Mr. Stevens claims, a war
between nationalities, and that the conqueror,
under the laws of war, had the right to do what
he pleased with the conquered territory. In
other words, that a measure expressly declared
to be in and of the steps taken to suppress the
rebellion and to restore the Union should be
treated as one conceding rights to the rebel
States and giving strength and importance to
the effort it was designed to extinguish ; and
further, that although neither the States nor
Congress could constitutionally dissolve the
Union, the President might if he pleased do so
by his proclamation giving belligerent rights to
the rebels. The statement of the case of itself
confutes the conclusion thus sought to be drawn
from it. Nor does the territorial clause of the
Constitution help the matter.
It certainly never was assumed by the franiers
of the Constitution that any State could be
reduced to a territorial condition. It was the
object of the "guarantee" section, if I may so
call it, to preserve the States in their integrity
for all time to come. The territorial clause,
from the very nature of the compact as well as
from the force and meaning of the words used,
applied to territory outside of the States. The
northwestern territory had already been re-
ceived by the Government as a Territory, and
it was to acquisitions of this kind that the Con-
stitution was intended to apply.
The very able remarks of the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Judge Wood-
ward,] made on Saturday last, and to which
the House listened with such marked attention,
disposed so effectually of another branch of
this discussion that 1 cannot do better than to
refer to them. His conclusion on clear princi-
ples of law was, that the repeal by the southern
States of the ordinances of secession and kin-
dred legislation revived the former order of
things, and that their constitutions and form of
government which were in force at the outbreak
of the rebellion were by such acts of repeal
fully restored. It was well said by him that
"what the war overthrew was the southern con-
federacy, not the southern States." And as bear-
ing on this qsestion as to the effect of civil war,
I may here remark that, according to all author-
ities, civil war is an inchoate or imperfeot war,
and never produces "the effect of a political
war between several States." (See Heffter
Droit Inter. Public de I' Europe, sec. 114;
Grotius, book 1, chap. 3, sec. 1 ; Halleck'a
International Law, page 332.)
Nor was the war in any way a war of con-
quest. Itwas a war to enforce jurisdiction, not
to acquire territory. The idea of acquisition
or conquest was never put forth by any branch
of the Government, and as far as Congress was
concerned it was denied in explicit terms by
the well known Bull Run resolution.
Let us see haw the Supreme Court of the
United States have regarded this matter.
In the case of the Venice, which arose in
Louisiana, and was decided by the court in De-
cember, 18(54, (2 Wallace's Reports, page 273,)
they expressly negative the idea that the South
was subjugated by conquest. Let me read the
following brief extract from the opinion of the
court, pronounced by ChiefJustice Chase:
" When flag officer Farragut, in his first letter to
the rebel mayor of New Orleans, demanded the sur-
render of the city and promised security to pereons
and property, he expressed the general policy of the
Government. So, also, when Major General Butler
published his proclamation and repeated the same
assurance, and made a distinct pledge to neutrals, ho
made no declaration which was not fully warranted
by that policy. Xherewas no capitulation. Neither
the assurance n r the pledge was given as condition
of surrender. Both were the manifestation of a gen-
eral purpose which geeks the recstablishment of tho
national authority and the ultimate restoration of
States and citizens to their national relations under
better forms and firmer guarantees, without any view
of gulpugation by conqueiit."
I wish, also, to call special attention to the
very decided opinion on this point also pro-
nounced by the Chief Justice in the case of
Shortridge vs. Macon, in the North Carolina
circuit. Referring to the acts of secession and
the legislation of North Carolina ou thatnub-
ject the Chief Justice says:
"But these acts did rot effect even for a moment
the separation of North Carolina from the Union
any more than the acts of an individual who commits
grave offenses against the State by resisting its officers
and defying its authority can separate him from tho
State."
Further:
"On no occasion, however, and by no aet have the
United States ever renounced their constitutional
jurisdiction over the whole territory, or overall tho
citizens of the Republic, or conceded to citizcns in
arras against their country the character of alien
enemies, or to their pretended government the char-
acter of a de facto government."
These decisions fully dispose of the legal
question, provided the decisions of the Su-
preme Court are to be regarded with the re-
spect they once were.
Nor could the South under the law of nations
have been considered a conquered territory,
for, in addition to other well settled principles
applicable to the case, it i3 an established rule
of that law that the inhabitants of a conquered
territory change their allegiance. (The case
of the Fame, 5 Robinson's Reports, p. 1065
