1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2023
sum to be expended for a new bridge, if Con-
gress should sanctiou the project, could not
exceed $800,000.
JONATHAN JESSOP.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
bill reported from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads by the gentleman from
Pennnsylvaia, [Mr. Lawrexce.]
The bill, which was read, proposes to author-
ize the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post
Office Department to allow Jonathan Jessop,
of York, Pennsylvania, the sum of $1,307 73
in the auditing of his accounts for the fiscal
year of 1867.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. In
order to give a fuller and more satisfactory
explanation of this case to gentlemen who op-
posed the bill the other day I ask the Clerk to
read the documents which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
County of York, State of Pennsylvania, ss:
Jonathan Jessop, of the borough of York, county
and State aforesaid, being duly affirmed, doth depose,
and say that lie is the postmaster of the borough of
York, in the county of York, and State of Pennsyl-
vania.
That on the night of the 11th of April, 1807, the post
office in the said borough was feloniously and bur-
glariously entered by some person or persons, to him
unknown, and robbed of moneys and stamps belong-
ing to said office to the value of $1,307 73; that the
stamps stolen were of various denominations, such
as are usually sold in offices of a similar grade and
class; that the moneys abstracted consisted of Uni-
ted States notes commonly known as greenbacks,
national banknotes, fractional currency, and specic,
divided about as follows, to wit:
Stamps, 61,107 37; greenbacks and national bank
notes, fc>75; fractional currency, $75; specie, $32 36;
and coppers, SIS.
That the said post office is situated in the central
part of the borough, on the principalbusiness street,
contiguous to the watch-house, and in a substantial
brick building, the upper part of which is used as a
dentist's office, adjoining to and connccted with a
dwelling-house having but one back-yard common to
both; this yard is accessible on one side only, and
then only by scaling a smooth board fenco about
seven feet high.
That an entrance to the office was effected by tear-
ing off the shutters from the rear door, which were
bolted in a substantial manner, breaking out the
window in the said door and then unfastening it;
several ineffectual attempts having been made to
forcc the door with a "jimmv."
That the burglars then removed the safe (weighing
some six hundred pounds) to the rear of the yard,
and after blowing it open with a charge of powder
abstracted the money and stamps as aforesaid. The
safe was oneof Evans&Watson'spatent, nearly new,
and regaided as first class by competent judges.
Irour affiant would further say that he used all due
diligence and care for the custody and safe keeping
of tlie stamns and moneys intrusted to his care, and
took what hcrcgarded as the proper and needed pre-
cautions to guard against robbery and burglary, and
that throueh no fault of his this robbery was com-
mitted. That the $32 36 in specie had accumulated
from postage on foreign letters, and was held subject
to the orders of the Department, and which, in the
last report to the PostOftice Department, your affiant
had stated awaited the Older of the Third Assistant
Postmaster General.
That the mail matter in the office was entirely un-
disturbed and unmolested.
JONATHAN JESSOP.
Sworn to and subscribed before me at York, in said
county and State, this 25th day of November, A. D,
13i57. GEORGE A. HECKERT,
Justice of the Peace.
To the Honorable the Senate and
Home of Representatives of the united States:
The undersigned citizens of the borough and county
of Yotk and State of Pennsylvania most respectfully
represent to your honorable bodies that we are ac-
quainted with Captain Jonathan Jessop, postmaster
ot York; that we are cognizant of the circumstances
of thcrobbery ofthe postofficeat York in April last;
that we have read the statements made by the said
Captain Jessop in relation thereto, and know them
to be correct in all respects; that we know him to be
a careful and safe business man, and are satisfied
that he exercised due care and diligence, and that
he is in no way answerable or responsible for the
burglary committed upon his office, and we most
respectfully recommend to your honorable bodies
the eminent propriety and justice of passing a bill
for his relief; and, as in duty bound, we will ever
pray, &c. Tr
P. A. Small, James Kioll,
"William D. Elliot, Samuel Small, Jr.,
Alexander J. Fkey, W. L. Small,
AV. Sprigs, Jacob Hjiy.
-\V. II. Jordan, Daniel A. Rdppl,
J. D.Sciiall, John C. Joeadx,
William Smith, John A. Wilson,
AlkxanderUnderwood, Hiram Young,
JC. C. Parkhurst, D. E. Small.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. 1 do
not know it is necessary to read further. There
is a petition signed by most of the prominent
citizens in that village, showing the character
of tiiis postmaste- for truth and veracity and
his standing in the community.
Now, Mr. Speaker if there be no objection
to the bill, after the explanation made by
the documents and the report made by the
committee—and I believe every member of the
committee united in making this affirmative
report—I will call the previous question.
Mr. SCOPIELD. £ observe, in listening to
the testimony, there is no evidence," 'if the
Clerk has read it all, that this man has lost
anything. There is evidence liis store was
broken open, but there is none that was read
that he had any money or any stamps taken
away.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. The
gentleman is mistaken. There is one affidavit
setting forth exactly the amount of stamps and
the amount of money lost. It is the affidavit
of the cl erk.
Mr, SCOFIELD. The petition or affidavit
read was the statement of the man himself of
how much money he had, but no evidence has
been read of anybody else that he had any
money there.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. The
whole testimony is there in reference to the
case. It has been fully examined by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
a unanimous report made in favor of the pay-
ment of this claim.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman stated
that before. I ask him for the first witness
who proves this man had any money.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I ask
the Clerk to read the affidavit of Mr. KaufF-
man, the clerk.
The Clerk read as follows :
County of York, State of Pennsylvania's:
William M. Kauffman, being duly affirmed, deposes
and says that he is the chief clerk in the post office
in the borough of York, county and State aforesaid;
that on the morning of the 12th of April, 1867, he
came to open the post office, as is his usual custom,
and on opening the front door and looking through
the delivery window he discovered that an entrance
had been effected through the back door, which was
standing open, and that a robbery had been commit-
ted : that before he entered the room where the mails
are kept he proceeded to call Dr. J. D. Heiges and O.
W. Heiges. who sleep in the third story of the build-
ing occupied by the post offiec; that he, in company
with the two persons named, entered the mail-room
and proceeded to make an examination of the prem-
ises; that they found the rear door standing open,
the shutter torn off, and the glass broken out, and
the safe lying in the back-yard broken open and
robbed of its contents, and the mail matters in the
office were unmolested; thnt be has read the deposi-
tion of Jonathan Jessop, the postmaster of the said
office, and that the statements made by him in refer-
ence to the loss suhtained, and olhei mattcis relat-
ing thereto, arc to the best of_hls knowledge and be-
lief true, and that he is a disinterested witness, and
further this deponent saith not.
WILLIAM M. KAUFFMAjST.
Mr. SCOFIELD. My friend will observe
this witness does not say that the applicant
had any money or any stamps in that safe. He
says lie found the safe broke open; that lie
found the building broken into, and that to the
best of his knowledge and belief the man who
employed him had stamps and money there.
He does not say to liis own knowledge this
man had any money or stamps in this safe
when it was broken open, or that anything
valuable was taken. He says to the best of
his knowledge and belief that his employer
had told the truth.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. That
is all the man could swear to.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I have no doubt this isan
honest witness, but he does not swear anything
of his own knowledge. He only swears to the
good character of his employer. He says to
the best of his knowledge and belief this man
has not sworn to a falsehood. He does not
tell us he had any knowledge, and the pre-
sumption is lie had no knowledge or else he
would have staled it.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, every member of this House can
readily see how difficult it would lie for any
man who was robbed to prove his loss if his
own affidavit is not to be taken as a part of
the evidence. I desire to state the fact that
this postmaster is a one-legged soldier, having
lost his leg at Petersburg; and he was selected
as postmaster by the common consent of both
parties. The most of the prominent citizens
of York certify to his character as an honest,
upright man. The member from that district,
I am sorry to see, is not in his seat to-day. I
wish he was ; he would bear testimony to the
character of Mr. Jessop, becapse he did so to
me privately.
I desire to say further that in the investiga-
tion of this case I went to the Post Office De-
partment. I found they had investigated it
fully, and would have made the allowance at
once. Mr. Anderson, the Auditor, told me
yesterday that he would not hesitate to do so
if he had the power, having no doubt that the
robbery was committed. He said he knew the
postmaster was honest, and was satisfied he
had sustained the loss; but the Department
had no power to make the allowance. Conse
quently, Mr. Jessop was compelled to come to
Congress for relief. That is a statement of the
whole case. The man's character is provedand
the loss is proved. He is a public officer who
had charge of the funds of the Government—
because these stamps are Government funds—
and the question is whether we shall let this
poor soldier with one leg lose this money or
whether the Government shall lose it, he hav-
ing used common diligfebce to protect the
property. The proof is that the safe was taken
into the back-yard, blown up, and the money
taken out. The Post Office Department sent
a special agent there the next day to examine
the facts, and he reported them just as I have
stated them. The Department are satisfied in
regard to the facts, and would allow a settle-
ment if they had the power.
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to ask my col-
league what is the amount this post office yields
per annum ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I do
not know what it yields. It is a presidential
appointment. The loss sustained was $1,300.
Mr. BROOMALL. The evidence of the
stamps being there rests upon the affidavit of
the office holder, I understand.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. And
the admission on the part of the Department
that he got the stamps a few days before.
Mr. BROOMALL. Do I understand my
colleague to be in favor of remunerating pub-
lic officers in every case in which money may
have been stolen from them, the evidence be-
ing only the oath of the man who makes the
claim ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. That
would depend altogether on the character of
the man who makes the affidavit. If his
neighbors all say that he is honest and faith-
ful, if he has proved his loyalty to the Govern-
ment by service under her flag and has lost a
limb in that service, I should vote to pay it.
Congress has over and over again remunerated
public officers for losses of this kind.
Mr. BROOMALL. All I want to say is if
that is the doctrine we shall have plenty of
claims of this kind presented beyond all doubt.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I raised the point first
that there was nothing in the evidence except
that of the petitioner showing that the man
lost anything. I understood my colleague to re-
ply that there was, and he asked for the reading
of a certain deposition; but it turned out that
it did not show anything. But now my friend
says that the applicant is a soldier who has
lost a leg in the service of the country. Now,
I join most Iwartily with him in his sympathy
for the suffering soldier, but if my colleague
puts the claim on that ground it should go to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions. Our suf-
fering soldiers should be taken care of; the
man who has lost a limb in the service of his
country should have the substantial gratitude
of the country in the shape of a life support.
But if he comes here with a claim he ought to
