4072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
Mr. FRELINGITUYSEN. Not at all; it
merely holds the bonds as trustee, not as
guarantor.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Government be
in any event liable for the payment of these
bonds?
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. None whatever;
it is only as any other trustee, to account for
the money in its hands.
Sir. CONNESS. If the Senator from Mich-
igan will read section four he will find the pro-
vision of the bill 011 that subject.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 have not a copy by me.
Mr. CON NESS. I will read it. Section
four reads thus :
Xii.it to insure the construction of tho above-men-
tioned vessels within the time and in the maimer
beteinbeloro provided, and the maintenance of the
said lino, tne said Commercial Navigation Company
may l^sue bouds to suoti an amount that the entile
annual interest, thereon shall not exceed the sum of
S250 QUO, such bonds to be made payab'e at the ex-
piration ot tilt) belore-tiained twenty years, and the
iuteiest thereof to be made payable semi-anuu-
aiiy, thepiincipal and iuteiest ot such bonds to bo
made payable in coin ot the United States. That lor
the piotection ot the hokiersot such bonds they shall
be severally registered tit tliePosiOilice Department
and certilied by tho etHef clcikol tho Department,
■without liability ior'the payment of the interest or
principal ol said bonds upon the part of the Post
Olnce Department only iu manner as hereinafter
provided.
That is to say, these postages are made the
basis upon which the bonds are to be issued.
And the Poatmastor General shall receive all
motiejs loi postage earned by the steamships of said
company, and shall appiy tlie same asl.tr as needed
to Hie payment ot the semi-annual interest upon the
beloro-iiauicd bonds, and 8 a all retain the suiplus
alter paying such interest, and shallinvest the same
quarleily m the seeuiiiies ol tne United states to
loim a sinking lund, to be held solely tor tho benefit
ot the boudlioideis, and to be applied to the p tynieut
ol the piiucipal ol sueli bonds. And whenever, and
as soon as such sinking lund shall equal m amount
the entire principal of said bonds, then from that
time lm ward tho interest of said bonds shall be paid
out ol the income of such sinking luud, and the prin-
cipal thereot out of tho same tuud at their inatuiify.
And all postage earned alter tue time when said
sinking iuud shall bo made up to the amount afore-
said shall belong to and be paid quarterly to the said
company by the l'osimastei Genera! of thcUniLed
States.
That is to say, the Postmaster General is to
manage the financial part of their business.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 desire to make an
inquiry, i do not know that I have any oppo-
sition to this bill; i rather approve of the prin-
ciple contained in the bill; but f desire to make
an inquiry for information. I find that section
three provides: *
That the compensation forcarrying and transport-
ing the mails by sea, as herein provided, sutiil be
agieetl upon, and shall be in conlormtty-with tile act
ol Ciuisiess ..pproved June 11, 185S, and shall, in no
event or contingency, exceed the sum tlieiein pro-
vided, being all postage on letters, newspapers, and
all oltior matter llanspoited by or in the mails eai-
ried by said navigation company, shall belong to said
company, and shall bo paid to said navigation com-
pany quarterly, or applied to their use or oenelit. as
heiemalter provided.
According to that section, as I understand
it, the postages that are received are to be
applied to pay the company for tianspoiting
the mails to the amount of $400X00 a year.
That is the way iu which they are to be paid,
and the postages constitute tho fund out of
which the payment is to be made. Now, sec-
tion lour provides that these postages, if I
understand the bill, shall be applied iu another
ami a different way. That provides that—
The Postmaster General shall receive all moneys
for postages arned by the steamships ol said com-
pany, ami shall apply the same as lar as needed to
the payment of tlie semi-annual iutoiest upon the
belore-nanied bonds.
The dilliculty that occurs to my mind is that
the postages are appropriated for one purpose
in one section of the bill nnd appropriated for
another purpose iu another section. It may
be, however, that 1 do not understand the bill.
Mr. FrtELlNGHUYSEN. I understand
it to be this: the Commercial Navigation
Company is the party with whom the contract
is made; they issue the bonds; they are to
receive the compensation for carrying the
mails in postages ; the Post Office Department
acts as tiustec, receives and holds lor them
the postages which compensate the Commer-
cial Navigation Company for carrying the
mails; but instead of paying that money to
the company the Department holds it and pays
the interest on the bonds of the company.
That is the whole of it.
Mr. POMEiiOY. Holds it to pay the inter-
est on the bonds in part, and the balance is
held as a sinking fund.
Mr. MOiiTON. I am. for this bill. I am
in favor of building up American shipping.
That is my general feeling. But I desire to
ask the Senator from New Jersey a question
touching the construction of the third section
in relation to the compensation. It provides
that the company shall receive the postages
according to a certain act of Congress ap-
proved in 1858. The provision is that they
shall not receive more than is allowed by that
act. That I suppose is a general act fixing
the price of ocean postage, is it not?
Mr. FllELlNGllUYsEN. That act pro-
vides that where the mails are carried iu an
American line, that line shall be entitled to
receive the sea postage and the inland postage,
and that where the mails are carried in a for-
eign line that line shall only receive the sea
postage. This third section provides that this
company shall receive the sea postage and the
inland postage until the sea postage amounts
to $400,000 a year, and that after that it shall
be restricted to the sea postage and shall not
receive the inland postage.
Mr. MOiiTON. I understand that; but
my question goes to this point: whether this
general act of 1858 fixes the rate of sea postage,
and whether if a subsequent act should be
passed making postage cheaper at the end of
live or ten yeats this compensation would be
governed by the rate of postage that might be
fixed iu a subsequent act ot Congress.
Mr. FKEHNGHU YSEN. it has been
changed several times since 1858. The con-
tract is made subject to such sums as may be
passed on that point.
Mr. POMEiiOY. We can change the rate
of postage at any time.
Mr. MOilL'ON. That is satisfactory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 dcsiie to askaques-
tiou merely for information. 1 notice that the
provision to which the Senator from New
Jersey has referred is that when the sea post-
age amounts to $400,000 or more the company
shall bo confined to that, as 1 understand it.
Suppose the postage amounts to $1)00,000, and
the inland postage to as much more, then they
are to continue to receive the whole amount.,
1 suppose, up to the time when the sea postage
alone amounts to $400,000. Is that the con-
struction ?
Mr. KAMSEY. The sea postage is twelve
cents, and the inland postage but three cents,
so that there could not be that equality in the
aggregate of the postages that the Senator
from Maine supposes.
Mr. FESSE,nDEN. I merely put the ques-
tion by way of illustration. Is it intended
that they shall receive the sea postage and the
inland postage, whatever each may amount
to, supposing both together may amount to
£000,000, until the sea postage goes up to
$400^000 ?
Mr. ilAMSEY. The inland postage can at
no time be more than one fourth of the sea
postage.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But if at any time the
sea posiage itself amounts to double $400,000
they will be entitled to receive it. They are
not limited to $400,000 at all events, aa far as
1 can see. I merely want to know what is
meant,, whether it is meant that $400,000 a
year shall be the limit to which they can go.
if so, it ought to be expressed.
Mr. NYE, The provision is that whenever
the sea postage shall amount to $400,000, the
right of the company to receive the inland
posiage shall cease. The bill fairly gives to
them the sea postage.
Mr. FEaSENDEN. It may be right; I am
not objecting to it; but I ask if in tlie cuurse
of ten years from the present time the sea post-
age alone should amount to double $400,000
is it the intention of the bill that they shall
receive the whole ? Is it also the intention of
the bill that if the sea postage and the inland
postage together amount to §000,000, so that
the sea postage itself does not quite come up
to $400,000, they shall receive the whole until
it does come up to $400,000? 11 this be the
meaning of it it does not limit them to
$400,000 altogether.
Mr. PAi'TEiiSON, of New Hampshire. I
think this bill should pass, because! think that
American postal mattet- shouldgoin American
steamers rather than iu British steamers. We
have been paying out for years to tlie amount
of $500,000, the whole amount of the subsidy,
to the Cunard and to oilier steamers by the
postage which we have paid to those steamers,
it will be an absolute saving to the Govern-
ment to establish this Ameiicati line of steam-
ers, because the entire cost to the Government
in the way of postage will be only $400,000
a year, while the amount which we pay out
now to English steamers is $500,000. 1 hen
there is an indirect advantage, which will be
very great, resultingfrom the establishment of
this line of steamers. The Cunard steamers
run to $1,800,000 annually iu the way of
freights. A large portion of that wiileometo
this American line if it is established. It now
happens that when an American vessel goes
into one of the docks atLiverpoolorany ot the
Euglish ports, they put into halt-tide basins,
as they are called, where they are exposed to
damage, and they have to run their own risk.
The English lines immediately put into some
other harbor near by one of the first-class
English vessels, and under the notice in the
Euglish harbor of the entrance of this Ameri-
can vessel put the eutrauce of the English
vessel; and they put down the price of freight-
age to about two thirds what the American
vessel can carry it for; and in that way Ameii- •
can vessels are not able to get freight irom the
Euglish harbors. The English vessel which
takes the freight does not sulfer the loss ; the
Cunard, the lumau, and the Bremen line of
steamers divide the loss on this freight; and so
American navigation suffers by the establish-
ment of tlie English lines, and the subsidy to
them is paid out of the American treasury in
the way ot postage.
Then, sir, there are large numbers of em-
igrants now waiting for passage iu Germany
and iu different parts of the islands of Great
Britain who cannot come to this country because
they have no means of conveyance. It, lias
happened thai withm a little period Americans
have chartered vessels and sent them over to
England and Bremen to secure these passen-
gers, and immediately advertisements have
been put up all about the city that tliey were
unseaworthy in order to prevent the emigrants
irom taking passage with American lines of
steamers. Let us have an American line of
steamers, and we shall then be able to bring
these emigrants to this country; we shall be
able to take lreightage from Europe; we shall
be able to carry our own mail matter under the
American flag, and in time of war it wnl not
be exposed to the enemies of the country.
Mr. MOiliilLE, of Vermont, ilr. Pres-
ident, 1 am decidedly iu favor of establishing
a line ot American steamships to tianspuit
some portion of ihe Auieiican mails, passen-
gers, and American freight. 1 think it is almost
disgraceful that,it has not been done heretofore,
and in doing this 1 think we ought to do it iu
a way and manner which will satisty the country
; for some considerable period ot time. The
j bill as presented, however, in my judgment,
; covers much too long a time. Twenty >eais
; iu the progress of improvements for steam-
i ships is a long period, and to grant a monopoly
! for that length of time to a single line oi steam-
J ers 1 think would be attended with some ineou-
I venieuce. Especially we should be likely to
| find at the end of the term that there had been
I great advances and improvements during that
| time, so that we could either obtain the service
j for a less price, or obtain a very mucn better
: service for the same price. 1 shall therefore
