3048
T|IE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10*
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But the matter to
be substituted for it 
The CHAIRMAN. That must be taken as
a whole.
The amendment of Mr. Bromwela was not
agreed to.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I now move to amend
the paragraph so as to read as follows:
Every person whoso business it is to make cigars
for others, oitherfor pay, upon commission, on
shares, or otherwise, from material furnished by
orncrs, shall be regarded as a cigar-maker, livery
cigar-maker shall register his name and residence,
without previous demand therefor, with tho assist-
ant assessor of the division in which sueh cigar-
maker shall be employed; and any cigar-maker who
shall knowingly neglect or refuse to make such regis-
try shall, on conviction thereof, be fined five dollars
for each day that he shall so offend by neglecting or
refusing to register.
Mr. Chairman, I have only to say, in regard
to the amendment I have offered, that it dis-
penses with any sum to be paid by the cigar-
makers. It provides for a registration of the
cigar-makers, the great point desired to be
secured by the committee in the proposition
they have here made in their bill. It also
inserts the word "knowingly," so the cigar-
maker shall not be liable to the penalty unless
he has knowingly offended against the law.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the substitute by striking out after
tho words "and any'' and to insert as follows:
Manufacturer of cigars who shall employ a cigar-
maker, who shall neglect or refuse to make such
registration shall, upon conviction, bo fined live dol-
lars for each day that such cigar-maker so offending
in neglecting orrefusing to register shall be employed
by him.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question. Was that amendment agreed to
in the committee ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
I offer it independently.
Mr. BARNES. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. 1 have heard no objection on the part
of any gentleman upon this floor to the object
proposed in this section, the registration of
cigar-makers. While we pass this paragraph
in a way to understand it, that it shall be for
the particular object of registration—and they
do say so—yet, sir, to levy any tax of auy
amount on the laborers who are not in this law,
those who are to come after us, looking at this
paragraph, will say that it levies a tax directly
upon one class of laborers. Therefore I am
opposed to being required to single out any
cUss of producers and leave them subject to
a tax. However desirable it may be to pro-
duce this registration, it is more desirable that
there should be no record of an effort of this
kind which should carry a taint upon the
laborer. The House understands it. If the
Committee of Ways and Means consent to
strike out all but the registration provision I
see no objection to it. i yield to the gentle-
man from Kentucky.
Mr. BECK. I desire to say that I have a
substitute which I think will meet the ideas
of the chairman of the committee. It is as
follows:
Each manufacturer of cigars shall register with the
assistant assessor of his district tho name and sex of
all persons employed by him in the manufacture of
cigars, and shall, fro in timeto time, report the changes
in his employes, and the number of cigars made by
e.ioli; auu l.ulure either so to register his employes,
or to give a true account of the cigars manufactured
by each, shall subject him to a fine of ten dollars for
each oilense.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move by unanimous
consent that all further debate on this para-
graph be terminated.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The amendment of Mr. Hooper, of Massa-
chusetts, was agreed to; and then Mr. Church-
ill's substitute, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I now withdraw the
motion to strike out the paragraph.
The Clerk read the next paragraph as fol-
lows :
Manufacturers, not otherwise charged with a spe^
cial tax, shall each pay ten dollars; and all manu-
facturers, whose annual sales exeecd So,000, (except
those otherwise provided for, or those on whose prod-
ucts a specific tax is imposed,) shall pay two dol-
lars for each additional $1,000 on the amount of their
sales in excess of $5,000. Every person who shall
manufacture by hand or machinery, in whole or in
part, any goods, wares, or merchandise, and whose
annual sales of such products shall exceed $5,000, or
who shall manufacture or prepare for sale any article
or compound on which a specific tax is not imposed,
or who shall put up for sale in packages, with his
own name or trade-mark thereon, any article orcom-
pound on which a specific tax is not imposed, shall
be regarded as a manufacturer. But in making the
assessment of tax a deduction shall be allowed of
all sales included in the return of any manufacturer,
which shall bo shown to have been made by or through
any authorized agent of such manufacturer, such
agent having included such sales in the roturn made
by him to the assessor or assistant assessor of the dis-
trict in which he is doing business, and having paid
tho tax thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out of
the paragraph all after the word "manufactur-
ers," in line seven hundred and ninety-two,
down to the end of the same, and to insert in
lieu thereof the following:
Whose annual sales exceed $5,000 shall each pay
ten dollars, and if'nospecifioorstamp tax is imposed
on their products, shall pay in addition two dollars for
each SI,000 ot sales in excess of $5,000. And manufac-
turers' returns shali include all sales made in general
for the account of the manufacturer. Every person
who shall manufacture by hand or machinery, in
whole or in part, any goods, wares, or merchandise,
or who shall manufacture or prepare for sale any
article or compound on which a specific or &tamp
tax is not imposed, or who shall put up for sale in
packages with his own name or trade-marls thereon
any article or compound on which a special or stamp
tax is not imposed, shall be regarded as a manufac-
turer.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend by
adding tills as a proviso:
Provided, That no person shall be regarded as a
manufacturer who simply makes butter and cheese,
or either of them, for his own consumption or for
market.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I call
for a division.
Mr. SPALDING. Too late.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rose in
time.
Mr. SCHENCK. Would it be proper to ask
the attention of my colleague to this subject in
another part of the bill, section ninety-five ?
Mr. SPALDING. I understand that per-
fectly well.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I withdraw
•the demand for a division.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask for a division.
Mr. SPALDING. That will not answer.
We will take a vote in the House.
Mr. ELIOT. I propose to amend by adding
after the provision which was just inserted the
following:
But millers whose business is to grind corn or grain
in windmills, whose annual profits do not exceed
$1,000, shall not be subject to tax.
Mr. SCHENCK. _ Why?
Mr. ELIOT. Simply because that is an
interest! desire to protect. [Laughter.] I wish
to say that the object of this amendment is to
protect a class of very small operatives who are
known as millers, engaged in running wind-
mills in different parts of the country, whose
whole profits do not run up to more than four
or five hundred dollars a year, and much more
frequently not half of that sum. In some cases
it is less than $100. They have been subject
to a tax of ten dollars, and I suppose would
be subject to it under this bill, although I do
not apprehend that they come within the range
of the class whom it is intended to tax by the
committee that reported this bill.
The chairman of the committee asks me why
I exempt windmills. I answer that it is to
meet this class of cases. If there are others
who stand in the same category I think he will
agree with me that they ought to be exempted.
It is a very small interest, and the revenue
would hardly be much enlarged by having this
tax levied. Sir, I have on my table a letter
from parties who are engaged in this business,
who say that in the community where they
live there are several mills the millers of which
receive less than fifty dollars ayear for their ser-,
yices, .and out of this they are compelled to pay
a tax under the present law of tan dollars. I
suppose they will have to pay it under the pro-
visions of this bill. I think it is wrong.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts.. Allow
me to move an amendment by adding mills
moving by water raised by hydraulic rams.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. As to the relative claim
of wind, water,, and steam, I suppose anybody
who has listened to our debate this evening
will well understand that windmillsare to have
the preference. [Laughter.] It is a little sin-
gular that gentlemen want to bring their two,
three, or lour hundred dollar affairs under
every bill which we propose, when we have
provided that no manufacturer shall be taxed
anything whose annual sales do not exceed
$5,000.
Mr. ELIOT. I beg pardon 
Mr. SCHENCK. And I beg the gentle-
man's par<iou.
Mr. ELIOT. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is right, I will
yield, but I think lie will see 
Mr. SCHENCK. In the first place, if the
gentleman will look at the bill as it is reported,
he will find that it provides that " manufac-
turers, not otherwise charged with a special
tax, shall each pay ten dollars; and all manu-
facturers whose annual sales exceed §5,000
(except those otherwise provided for, or those
on whose products a specific tax is imposed)
shall pay two dollars for each additional $1,000
on theamounl of their sales in excess of $5,000.
Every person who shall manufacture by hand
or machinery, in whole or in part, any goods,
wares, or merchandise, and whose annual sales
of sueh products shall exceed $5,000."
Mr. ELIOT. Go on, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will; "or who shall
manufacture or prepare for sale any article or
compound on which a specific tax is not im-
posed."
Mr. ELIOT. Exactly; that meets this case.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not at all.
Mr. ELIOT. There is no specific tax im-
posed on grain.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will thegentleman allow
me to finish my sentence?
Mr. ELIOT. Oh, yes.
Mr. SCHENCK. That was the bill as it
stood. It was complained, however, that that
definition of a manufacturer as being one whose
sales exceeded $5,000 did not make it as clear
as it would be if the $5,000 clause were put in
tho beginning of the text, and, therefore, to
make it clear beyond all doubt, according to
the intention of the committee, I was directed
to propose an amendment which is now pend-
ing and before you, and I will ask the Clerk to
read it.
The Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Now, that is the proposi-
tion made by the committee with the amend-
ment of my colleague, [Mr. Spalding.] What
is it? Why, that the manufacturers who are
to pay ten dollars are to be only those whose
annual sales exceed $5,000. To make it clear
beyond all question, the committee agreed to
transpose the language in such a way as to
express it in that manner, that the ten dollar
tax does not apply to anybody unless his annual
sales exceed $5,000. Then tliey go further, and
say that in those eases where there is no other
provision in regard to the tax, as there is in
the case of tobacco, distilled spirits, and so on,
there shall be upon sales above a certain amount
two tenths of one per cent. That is the whole
of it.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman from Ohio has
taken all of my five minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. If that is the case I will
give the gentleman mine.
Mr. ELIOT. I wish to call the gentleman's
attention to the fact that in the amended para-
graph the same language is used that is con-
tained in page 124 of the bill, in this respect:
that it is provided that—
Every person who shall manufacture by hand or
machinery, in whole or in part, any goods, wai es, or
merchandise, and whose annual sales of such pro-
duce—
