2024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
base it upon the same principle that all other
claims are based, and lhat is, evidence aside
from his own oath that he has sustained a loss.
I submit to the House that it is a bad {prece-
dent, a bad rule to establish that the simple
affidavit of the applicant himself that he has
been robbed is sufficient. It is not a safe one.
I have before this same committee an applica-
tion from another gentlemen 
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I can-
not yield the floor any longer.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Only a moment longer.
I say I have an application before this same
committee from the county of Venango, Penn-
sylvania, in which the petitioner says he has
lost $4,000. I want to know whether the gen-
tleman will adopt the same rule in regard to
that man's claim ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I will
decide that case when it comes up and I hear
the testimony.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I want to know if the
same rule of testimony will be adopted, that
the affidavitof the applicant is sufficient? Be-
cause they ought to be treated alike.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I am
inclined to think, from a partial esJftmination of
the case to which the gentleman refers, that the
committee will report favorably upon it. I do
not know the fact. But if the case is as mer-
itorious as this is the committee will report in
favor of it unanimously, as they did in favor of
this.
Mr. FARNSWOBpH. Will the gentleman
allow me one moment?
Mr. LAWKENCE, of Pennsylvania. Cer-
tainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not know how
you can very well prove 1he loss of money or
stamps if we are to be confined strictly to the
rulethatthegeutleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scofield] seems to indicate, that we ought
to be. unless you have a witness who was pres-
ent at the time of the robbery, and can swear to
the amount taken.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Because it is difficult to
prove a fact are we to take it for granted with-
out proof?
Mr. FARNSWORTII. By no manner of
means ; but, because of the difficulty, we are to
prove it by the best evidence that the nature
of the case admits of. But the gentleman
from Pennsylvania seems to me very much
like a lawyer I once heard of who was con-
tending against a suit brought for the shooting
of a dog. It was proved that the dog stood in
the street and the man came out and raised a
gun and pointed it toward the dog and fired
and there was a report of a gun and the dog
dropped. The lawyer insisted Lhat the proof
was not sufficient because 110 witness had sworn
that he saw the ball enter the dog, [laughter.]
Now, in a case like this, according to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, we would have to
produce a witness who was present at the
robbery and saw the money taken out. The
loss is proved in this case by all the circum-
stances that the nature of the ease will admit of.
It is proved that the money was in the safe
and that the postmaster got the stamps from
the Department a few days before the robbery.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman will allow
me to correct- him. There is no evidence that
the jnoney was in the safe.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. It is shown that this
postmaster got the stamps from the Depart-
ment a few days beforo.
Mr. SCOFIELD. He may have them yet.
Mr. FAKNSWORTII. The Government
furnished him with a safe to keep the money
and stamps in. He had them there before and
he did not have them after the robbery, and
the safe was found broken open and the con-
tents stolen. Now, it would be impossible for
a postmaster, it seems to me, to make better
proof, unless he kept a man in the office for the
purpose of proving robberies, and very few
postmasters can, afford to do that. It is proved
by all his neighbors that this man is an honest
man; there is no doubt of his veracity at all;
there is abundant proof of his good char-
acter. He makes this affidavit and proves
additional circumstances by the clerk in his
office. I think the gentleman had better call
the previous question.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. My
colleague on the committee is a lawyer, and I
want to know if in a number of the States of
this Union plaintiffs are not permitted to tes-
tify in their own behalf?
Several Members. Certainly they are.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. In the
Uuitetf'States courts in the State of Ohio a man
comes up and swears in his own case. Now,
I repeat what the chairman of the committee
has said: that it would have been utterly im-
possible for this man to have proved the loss
better than he has done unless he had some-
body standing by and watching the robbery.
Mr. FARNSWORTIT. I hope the gentle-
man will call the previous question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will my colleague allow
me to set him right as to the law?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. You
are just as likely to put me wrong. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. My colleague has referred
to a rule in many States which allows an in-
terested party to testify. There is no such rule
in any State that I ever heard of except where
the party, who has a counter interest, is in
being, in life, and can take the stand to ex-
plain or contradict him. Where one paity
is dead, I know of no State that allows the
other party to come in and swear in his own
behalf.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I
promised my namesake from Ohio, who hardly
ever speaks in this House, about three minutes.
If ho will get through in three minutes I will
yield to him.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I would bo glad to go, with my namesake and
friend and relative, for this bill if I could do
so consistently with my views of public duty.
Mr. LAWKENCE, of Pennsylvania. If
the gentleman looks into the genealogy of the
family I think he will find that we are not very
nearly related. [Laughter.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. If we were we
would be more apt to vote together than we
now are. I often find my friend wrong, when
if ho would vote with me he would be right.
Mr. Speaker, we are so apt to take without
question the work of a committee of this House
there is great danger that wo will go wrong if
we pass this bill without the consideration
which its importance deserves. I know that
the amount involved here is not very great,
but the principle involved is of the utmost im-
portance and magnitude. Why, sir, what is
it? This bill, as reported by the committee,
proposes that the Government of the United
States shall be the insurer of all moneys in the
hands of its public officers, and that if the
moneys are lost by accident, destroyed by fire,
or stolen by robbers, the loss shall fall 011 the
Government and not on the officer in whose
hands the money was.
Now, I object to this bill because it violates
a fundamental principle of the common law, a
principle sanctified by the wisdom of ages and
adopted as a rule in all the courts of this coun-
try. By the common law of this country and
of England an officer who loses money,whether
by the act of robbers or otherwise, cannot
shield himself from responsibility by proving
that the loss was a robbery. His compensation
is given to him in part to cover the risk which
he incurs by becoming a custodian of public
moneys. We are now impeaching the Presi-
dent of the United States for subverting the
Constitution and laws of the country. Yet it
is here proposed to pass a bill by which we
shall subvert the laws of this country and
break down one of the wisest barriers ever in-
terposed by the common law for the protection
of public interests.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. T hope my
friend will yield me a minute or two more of
bis time.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. If the
gentleman had not devoted a portion of his
time hunting up a relationship between us he
would not have needed more time. I now
yield one minute of my time to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Mungbn.]
Mr. MUNGEN. My colleague from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrence] holds the doctrine that every
man who holds an office is a kind of insurance
agent, and that his salary was given him in
order to insure him against loss. Now I hold
that when an officer is honest and discharges
his duties faithfully, and then sustains a loss
without any fault 011 his part, the Government
should bear the loss and not he. Now, in
regard to the remark of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] concerning tes-
timony, I will say to him that in several States
of this Union juries find and render verdicts on
the ex parte testimony of the parties to the
suits. This man is entitled to the benefit of
his statement in this case, corroborated as it is
to a certain extent. I think so far as the char-
acter of the proof is concerned, it is perfectly
competent.
[Here the hammer fell.] ■
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I now
call the previous question 011 the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask for the
yeas and nays upon the passage of the bill.
The question was taken ; and there were nine
111 the affirmative.
So (one fifth not voting in the affirmative)
the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon the pas-
sage of -the bill; and, upon a division, there
were—ayes 71, noes 27.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
public buildings is pennsylvania.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I am
instructed by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads to ask that the committee be
discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of citizens of the ninth congres-
sional district of Pennsylvania, asking an ap-
propriation for the erection of a suitable build-
ing for the internal revenue department and
post office in said district, and that the same
bo laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
BRYANT TYSON.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, also
moved that the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be discharged from the further
consideration of a memorial for the relief of
Bryant Tyson, of North Carolina, and that the
same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
william siiunr.
Mr. FERRY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back, with an
amendment, Senate bill No. 4, for the relief
of William Shunk.
The bill, which was read, provides that there
be paid to William Shunk, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of $825, being the amount due from the
United States to E. C. Shnnk, late postmaster
at Cardington, Ohio, for salary as postmaster
from January 1, 1864, to March 31, 1865.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read, as follows :
II Strike out in lino five $825 and insert S625.
!j Mr. FERRY. Mr. Speaker, the object of
II this Senate bill is to relieve the surety of the
