1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
641
elections of 1867 that public sentiment is chang-
ing, and that in' 1868 a President and Congress
will be chosen whose political opinions will
coincide with his own. He is kind enough to
inform us what will then be done. " The
enactments of the last six years," says he,
"shall be repealed." Humanity, justice, and
equality shall be dethroned, and the old slare
power, unchristian, intolerant, insolent, and
cruel, shall reign in their stead. Suppose your
dreams were realized ; suppose the people in
an evil hour had put you in possession of all
the departments of the Government; suppose
the gentlemen who during the last six years
have wrought such terrible ruin in the South
and brought such deep sorrow to the North
and all the land were here to aid or lead your
efforts; suppose the Bervile code restored,
fugitive slave law and all; suppose the demol-
ished slave prisons rebuilt, the rusty manacles
leburnished, and the overseers engaged, how
will the gentleman secure his victims? His
legislative work will then be accomplished;
his services will no longer be needed here.
Imagine the gentleman then leaving his place
and going home to ask his Christian constit-
uents, learned through his instructions in the
mysteries and measurement of shins and heels,
to arm themselves with lassoes and handcuffs
and follow him in one grand hunt for emanci-
pated bondmen. The gentleman and his party,
in great patience and meekness, have long
labored for the disloyal masters ; but when this
heavy task shall be imposed upon them it will be
one hair too much even for their uncomplaining
backs. This utterance of unattainable hopes
brought to the gentleman's seat many admiring
friends. I could not hear the congratulations,
but I can well imagine they were much like
Falstaffs address to his prince : " Thou wilt
.have no Back seats for traitors and no free
niggers in America when thou art king; wilt
thou, Hal?"
Having shown that there are not now, and
have not been since the close of the war, any
legal constitutional governments in these States,
I proceed to inquire who shpuld originate new
ones. If I correctly understand gentlemen on
the other side they claim that new governments
ought to originate with the people of the States,
"Very well, sir ; how long shall we wait for these
people to move ? It is more than two years
since the war closed, and no unprompted move-
ment in that direction has been made by them
$o this hour. Oh no; I mistake. They did
4lecit a convention in Louisiana, and it will be
recollected that there was great joy ^mong the
apti-progressives and back-going politicians
when it was known that the delegates were
mobbed and murdered, the convention dis-
persed, and the popular movement crushed out.
Suppose the people of South Carolina, for
instance, would undertake to construct a gov-
ernment. The disloyal people might origin-
ate one, the blacks another, and the loyal
white men another. Congress must determine
at last which is the real government of the
State, #nd this determination involves the exer-
cise of the,same power necessary ta^the pas-
sage of our reconstruction acts. But, as I said
before, the people hjive not moved in this mat-
ter at all. There is, therefore, no alternar
tire. Congress n^ust call agon and authorize
the people to reconstruct their governments or
leave them either under military rule or rebel
anarchy forever. On the 2d of March last
Congress passed an act for this purpose. And
what was it? Simply this: it authorized a ma-
jor general in the Army to make a list of all
the legal voters in a particular State, and call
upon them to assemble on a day fixed and elect
delegates of their own free choice to a conven-
tion which should frame and submit to them a
form of State government. That, sir, was our
reconstruction, and that was all of it. That is
what is now pronounced unconstitutional, rev-
olutionary, and despotic.^ I forgot, sir; that is
not quite all. It authorized the officer, in die
absence of governments, and in the midst of
vindictive and lawless men, to preserve the
peace until the new governments should come
40th Com. 2d Sess.—No. 41.
in power. Our opponents have found a few
things to be mad at even in thiB simple formula.
They charge that we omitted from the list of
voters a large number of persons, simply be-
cause they waged a long and bloody war against
a Government not only the best, but most len-
ient and munificent in the world. I deny it.
Not one man was left off the list for this cause
alone; and only a small number was left off
for any cause. Those who committed treason,
and in order to commit this crime first com-
mitted perjury, were left off, and no others.
The number was comparatively small. The
number of white voters now registered under
this law is only 76,000 less than all the votes
cast in these States in 1860, and is just about
double the number of voters that participated
in the Johnson-Sewar<j,elections of 1865. When
it is remembered that large numbers of those
who voted in these States in 1860 have disap-
peared in the war, and thousands more have
moved to northern and western States, it will
appear that the number of perjured traitors
omitted from the list is quite too small to justify
such deep grief among their northern friends.
Again, it is alleged that we impose this plan
upon the southern people against their will.
Not at all, sir. The law provides that the
electors may, on the same day they vote for
delegates, vote also for or against a conven-
tion. All who dislike this plan can vote against
it. Then, sir, unless it had a majority of all
the voters—not only a majority of all the votes
cast, but a majority of all the legal voters in
the State, counting those who from any cause
omit to vote against it—the whole plan falls to
the ground. Again, when a constitution is
framed it must be submitted to the people,
and if a majority vote against it that is the end
of it. What despotism is there in that?
j But you have put the names of colored men
■ upon your list of voters; why is that? Mr.
'> Speaker, there is a large number of white voters
i in those States who are opposed to the continu-
! aaee of the Federal Union. They have not only
1 so said, but leagued themselves together to
! destroy it. To be sure, the armed power of
j the confederacy has been overthrown, but its
I memory and purpose is still enshrined in the
! hearts of its followers. They put their money
j in that cause and now hold its bonds and notes,
j Their affections, going out to their fallen kin-
! dred, are in it. Their honor is linked with it,
and as they crave a good name in the future
they must forever defend it. The confederacy
is gone, but the cause survives and comes back
to struggle through the ballot-box for a triumph
not achieved in the field. They will vote no
pension to the crippled soldier nor honors to the
fallaat captain. The colored people in the
tates, on the contrary, are interested in the
preservation of the Republic. They are grate-
ful to it for . liberty already conferred, and
they look to it for future protection. We
allowed them to vote because we saw in their
votes justice to the soldier and safety to the
Union. . They are not numerous enough to
out-vote the disunionists, to be sure ; but they
are numerous enough to counteract in some
degree their wicked purpose. It so happened,
in the providence of God, that in seeking the
perpetuity and safety of the.Republic and the
liberty vouchsafed to us all "under it we could
do some little justice to a lone-wronged but
hard-working and meritorious class of our fel-
low-beings, and approximate more closely the
great principle which underlies our form of
government, to wit, the equality of the human
race. We availed ourselves of this opportu-
nity more, I fear, from necessity than from a
sense of justice. This is what is called " un-
constitutional, revolutionary, and despotic."
A bill of a few lines, supplementary to the
legislation of March last, is" now made the
occasion to renew this coarse and undeserved
denunciation. What is the bill? As long ago
as last June th§ President discovered that the
act of March was liable to be misconstrued or
differently construed in the different districts
of the South, and that no person was author-
ized to correct or unify these various construc-
tions. We concur with the President. We
propose to clothe an officer of the Army, supe-
rior in rank to any now charged with the exe-
cution of these laws, to supervise the whole,
to detail officers and instruct them in their
duties. It is in accordance with the Presi-
dent's suggestion. What possible objection
can there be to that? None, I suppose; at
least I have heard none. But it is claimed
that we have made & mistake in selecting the
officer who is to perform these duties. We
have devolved them upon the General of the
Army; whereas, it is said, that the Com-
mander-in-Chief would have been the fitter
officer. To a plain roan it would seem as if
the gentlemen were trifling. The rules of the
Army authorize the captain to supervise his
company and give orders to his inferior offi-
cers, the colonel his regiment, the brigadier
his brigade, but the General of the Army com-
mands the whole. We impose duties and lia-
bilities upon each grade of officers, but nobody
ever before supposed that it violated the Con-
stitution of the United States.
The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Hub-
bard] says that the General of the Army might
order an inferior officer to one duty and the
President order him to another at the same
time. Does not that often occur ? Has it not
always occurred ? The inferior must obey the
Commander-in-Chief, but the Commander-in-
Chief is answerable to his constitutional judges
if he gives an order in violation of law. But
[ there is another provision. It re-declares that
i the Johnson-Seward governments are void. I
I have already shown that these governments are
void. Why should we not declare it by act of
i Congress? These are the simple and proper
I provisions which are so fiercely denounced
| as "unconstitutional, revolutionary, and des-
! potic." From the other side of the House we
i do .not hear even the gentlest admonition to
[ the men who tore down and destroyed the old
! [ constitutional fabrics in these States; bnt every
, | effort to rebuild them and restore the States to
II their old places in the Union is followed here
| with this unchanging cry: "Unconstitutional,
i revolutionary, and despotic!," and then, with-
I out apparent shame, they charge us with inter-
' I posing the obstacles to the read mission of these
States.
Mr. KOONTZ addressed the House for half
an hour. [See Appendix.]
TAXES ON MANUFACTURES.
Mr. SELYE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution;
which were referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means:
Whereas the business interests of the country are
depressed, industry is paralyzed, and thousands of
skilled artisans and industrious laborers thrown out
of employment and subjected to penury and want in
consequence of the burdens of taxation imposed on
articles of domestic manufacture: Therefore,
Betohed, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed, in their proposed revision of the tax
law, to provide for the total abolition of taxes on all
such articles of manufacture as enter into general
home consumption, or are largely exported to foreign
countries, and to confine the taxation of manufac-
tures hereafter to articles of luxury.
UNIVERSAL SUFFRAGE.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce a bill relative
to universal suffrage, and have it referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. MUNGEN. Iobject.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
ask the gentleman to vote for the bill, for I
know he is opposed to it. I only ask to have
it referred. .
Mr. MUNGEN. I object to the introduc-
tion of the bill.
DISMAL SWAMP CANAL.
Mr. WOODWARD, by unanimous consent,
submitted a preamble and joint resolution (H.
R. No. 168) in relation to the interest of the
United States in the Dismal Swamp canal;
which was read a first and second time.
The preamble recites that it is reported that
the sale of the stock held by the State of Vir-
