1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SCHENCK. That k stricken out.
Mr. ELIOT. This is still in the paragraph:
And whoSe amiu;|l sales of such products shall ex-
ceed $o,000, or who shall manufacture or prepare for
sale any article or compound on which a specific tax
is not imposed, or who shall put up for sale in pack-
ages with his own n ime or trade-mark thereon, any
article or compound on which a specific tax is not
imposed shall be regarded as a manufacturer.
i hat language is contained in the gentleman's
amendment, and there is no limit in this part
of the amendment to the $5,000. The defini-
tion of a manufacturer is threefold.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman will find
that the manufacturer whose sales amount to
more than $5,000 is to pay the tax. He is to
pay nothing unless, being a manufacturer, his
annual sales exceed $5,000.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I understand the gentle-
man to mean that the amendment which I offer
is not called for because this class of persons
would not be subject to tax.
Mr. SCHENCIC. They are omitted entirely.
Mr. ELIOT. Then, of course, I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. FERRY. I move to amend the substi-
tute by insertigg after the word "dollars" the
words " except unmanufactured lumber and
breadstuff's." My object is to exempt from
taxation " unmanufactured lumber and bread-
stuffs," in harmony with the legislation so re-
cently parsed by both Houses of Congress, and
for several weeks the law of the land. I am
apprehensive that the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has overlooked that
fact, since the object of the Committee of
Ways and Means is stated to be to lessen the
burden of taxation upon the poorer classes. I
think there will be no objection offered by the
committee to my amendment, but that they
will accept it as an oversight on their part.
Mr. WELKER. What does the gentleman
mean by unmanufactured lumber?
Mr. FERRY. I have employed the same
phraseology that was employed when this sub-
ject was before Congress when the recent law
was under consideration, in other words, I
propose to exempt from taxation lumber used
as such. The better quality of lumber is, more
or less, manufactured and merged into some
other article, and so designated as an article of
merchandise. That, however, is not included
in the proposed amendment. My amendment
relates mostly to the lumber used by the poorer
classes of our people.
Mr. PAINE. Is not the gentleman willing
to include in his amendment fuel, clothing, and
lager beer ?
A Member. And hoop-poles. [Laughter.]
Mr. FERRY. lam willing to accept any
article that will equally tend to lighten the bur-
dens of the masses of the people ; but failing
to gut all I hold to a part rather than lose the
whole. The gentleman has cooperated with
others in framing the provision in reference to
lager beer, and 1 have no disposition to disturb
his adjustment of that article which he names.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman allow
me to put in his amendment "grindstones?"
There is a large interest of that kind in my
district.
Mr. FERRY. The gentleman may move
that amendment if he desires. 1 have no axes
to grind," and will not interfere with the turn-
ing of his own grindstones.
Mr. MULLINS. I wish it would be turned,
for 1 have several small axes I want to have
ground. [Laughter.]
Mr. FERRY. I am notto be divertedfrom
the object I have in view, that is, the relieving
fioni taxation the prime articles of breadstuff's
and lumber as far as possible. Let us give as
far as we can the poor man a freehold, free
shelter, and free food. Ami then with a free
ballot, a lice Government, and free competi-
tion with the Powers of the earth, I would be
willing to let him and the nation make their
own uaj as they can in the world,
Mr. MAYNA.RD. Would the gentleman
be willing to give him free whisky with hia free
ballot on the day of election?
Mr. FERRY. I will allow the gentleman
to determine that matter when election day
comes.
Mr. SCHENCK. This is our old friend
fr<5m the Northwest. The gentleman proposes,
what was adopted in the bill passed in March
last, to exempt breadstuffs and unmanufac-
tured lumber.
If 1 understand the gentleman aright, there
is a kind of association upon the northwestern
lakes somewhat after the character of the
Young Men's Christian Association, or the
great sanitary society which existed during the
war, which association has nothing at heart so
much as the taking care of the poor man, and
providing him with shelter from the inclemen-
cies of the season and from the peltings of the
pitiless storm. If that be so, I do not know
but what we ought to look out for these per-
sons as well as those who are engaged in the
business and speculation of manufacturing
breadstuffs, who in engaging in that specula-
tion of course have no desire except to fill the
belly of the poor man. If that be so, then
that is a reason for this exemption.
But if, on the other hand, those men engage
in the lumber trade and in the breadstuff
trade, in order to make money like other citi-
zens who engage in other trades, then I see no
reason why they should not pay a tax upon the
capital they employ and the profits they make
like other manufacturers. 1 received a letter
from a gentleman in Milwaukee some time ago
who is engaged very largely in the manufac-
ture of leather. He said his attention had
been attracted by this exemption of the lumber
business. And then he went on to say, in sub-
stance, this: "It maybe that lumber is an
article that the poor man purchases. But I
do not so understand it, nor do we in this
neighborhood so understand it. We generally
find those engaged in the lumber business to
be men of very considerable means and carry-
ing on a large business. As to the lumber
they manufacture affording shelter to the poor
man, that shelter is generally obtained by hiring
houses from the rich men who build them. So
that really those who purchase the lumber are
not the poor men who live in the houses, but
the rich men who buy or build the houses and
afterward rent them at high rates to the poor
man. But the manufacturer of leather—-an
article which must enter into almost all the
common pursuits and uses of life, not only in
the shoes which every man must wear, but in
a thousand other ways—I should feel aahamed
if I were not willing to contribute for the sup-
port of the Government this small tax that you
have imposed upon the article I manufacture—
a tax of only two tenths of one per cent,
instead of two and a half, three, and five per
cent., which we were obliged to pay before
last March. But if you let of} the lumberman,
I ask why, in the name of reason and justice,
you should not let off those who deal in leather
as I do." And the same might be said of a
thousand other branches of industry. _
The truth is, Mr. Chairman, this is not a
question as to who uses the articles or how it
is used; it is a question about the taxation of
those who are employing their capital and
making profit; and with ail due deference to
my friend herefrom the Northwest, [Mr. Fer-
ry,] I do notbelieve that the man who invests
his capital in the lumber trade or the lumber
manufacture thinks anything more of the poor
man than does he who makes cloth or leather
or anything else.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. I desire
to discuss briefly the amendment which the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
so vigorously opposes. And in the first place,
let me say that during the entire war, when we
were seeking everything on the earth, and in
the skies, and in the waters under the earth,
out of which taxation could be wrung, it never
entered into the conception of Congress to tax
breadstuff's—never. During the most pressing
exigencies of the terrible contest in which we
were engaged, neither breadstuffs nor lumber
ever became the subject of one penny of taxa-
tion. What was the reason of this? Let me
tell my friend from Ohio that it was not because
of the influence of the rich grain-dealers at
Chicago or Toledo or Milwaukee. It was
because, if anything be universal, breadstuffs
are universal; for they constitute literally "the
staff of life." _ If you impose on them a tax
ever so small in amount it will be made a pre-
text ,by the very speculators of whom gentle-
men talk for adding an appreciable amount to
the cost of a barrel of flour. I do beseech this
House not to sanction the principle of subject-
ing such an article to taxation for the sake of
the paltry amount that is to be gained from
this source.
Mr. WELKER. Does the gentleman expect
to secure an exemption for luinbef by advo-
catingan exemption for breadstuffs? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BLAINE. I am referring to breadstuffs,
because it illustrates a principle. I beseech
this House not to sanction a tax on breadstuffs
which will simply build up a mountain of pre-
judice for the sake of a mole-hill of revenue.
But, sir, I have said enough on that point.
Now, as to the article of lumber, I again remind
the House that there has never been a tax
upon this article. The gentleman from Ohio
may talk of this question as he pleases: but I
say that wherever the western frontiersmah
undertakes to make for himself a home, to till
the soil, to carry on the business of life, he
needs lumber for his cabin ; he needs lumber
for his fence; he needs lumber for his wagon
or cart; he needs lumber for his plow; he
needs lumber for almost every purpose in his
daily life.
Mr. PAINE. Does he not need clothing
also?
Mr. BLAINE. I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to tell me why
it is that these articles have never been taxed
heretofore?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Does the
gentleman mean to say they have never been
fQ von V
Mr. BLAINE. I do.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Were
not the manufacturers of wood taxed? Is not
lumber wood?
Mr. BLAINE. Not at all; and I am sur-
prised that a gentleman who lives so near
Maine as the gentleman from Massachusetts
should be so ignorant of what lumber is.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will my
friend allow me to ask whether the tax was not
upon lumber, manufactured or unmanufac-
tured ?
Mr. BLAINE. I am not answerable for the
singular verbiage incorporated in the act of
March, which excepted the manufacture of
lumber and breadstuffs. The difference be-
tween manufactured and unmanufactured lum-
ber is known to everybody, or ought to bo
known to everybody who attempts to draw the
act. Boards, joists, work that comes from the
saw-mill, (for I use the generic phrase.) is
lumber. Where it goes through the planing-
miil for finer purposes it is not classed as lum-
ber, or if classed* at all, as in the reciprocity
treaty, it is called manufactured lumber, not
unmanufactured lumber. The planing-mill is
distinct from the saw-mill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. What is the amendment?
Mr. BLAINE. I withdraw it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to add ''leather."
Mr. Chairman, we are testing a principle, and
1 am glad it is presented to the committee to
be decided. I repeat that the proposition made
by the committee, the intention of the law. is
to meet and tax capital employed, and thus
reach the profits of that capital, and make such
profits contribute a part to the support of the
Government. And I claim all attempts at
exemption, not on account of the capitalist,
but another, and because of the pariicular
things in which he deals and the prejudice to
be excited in favor of them, because they are
used by the mass of the people of the country,
is aside irona the true question.
