1868.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
Laws of the United States.
40th Cokg....2d Sess.
and five dollars for section lines, forty thousand
dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Kansas, at
rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal mile
for standard lines, six dollars for township, and
five dollars for section lines, forty thousand
dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Idaho, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per mile for
standard lines, twelve dollars for township, and
ten for section lines, fifteen thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Colorado,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for
township, and ten dollars for section lines, forty
thousand dollars.
For surveying the boundary line between the
State of Nebraska and Territory of Colorado,
and that portion of the western boundary of
the State of Nebraska embraced between the
forty-first and forty-third degrees of latitude,
estimated three hundred and twenty miles, at
not exceeding fifteen dollars per mile, four
thousandeighthundreddollars; tobeexpended
under the direction of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office.
For surveying the publiclands in Nevada, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for
township, and ten dollars for section lines, fifty
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Arizona,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for
township, and ten dollars for section lines, five
thousand dollars.
For surveying the publiclands in California,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for
township, and ten dollars for section lines, fifty
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Oregon, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for
township, and ten dollars for section lines,
forty thousand dollars: Provided, That out of
this appropriation the Commissioner of the
General Land Office may pay a sum not exceed-
ingone thousand dollars for surveys of lastyear.
For surveying the public lands in Washing-
ton Territory, at rates not exceeding fifteen
dollars per lineal mile for standard lines,
twelve dollars for township, and ten dollars
for section lines, fifteen thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in New Mex-
ico, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per
lineal mile for standard lines, twelve dollars
for township, and ten dollars for section lines,
five thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Montana
Territory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dol-
lars per lineal mile for standard lines, twelve
dollars for township, and ten. dollars for sec-
tion lines, twenty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Utah Ter-
ritory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars
per mile for standard lines, t welve dollars for
township, and ten dollars for section lines,
twenty thousand dollars.
For surveying public lands in the State of
Florida, ten thousand dollars.
For surveying the eastern boundary of Ne-
vada, estimated four hundred and twenty-five
miles, at not exceeding twenty-five dollars per
mile, ten thousand six hundred and twenty-
five dollars, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AXB (JIIOUKDS.
For repairs and improvements of public
buildings and grounds heretofore under the
direction of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, to wit:
For casual repairs of the navy-yard and
upper bridges, three thousand dollars.
For repairs and taking care of the bridge at
or near the Little Falls of the Potomac river,
twenty-six thousand dollars.
For repairs of the Long Bridge across the
Potomac river, fifteen thousand dollars.
For fuel for the President's House, five
thousand dollars.
For improvement and care of reservation
number two and La Fayette Square, two thou-
sand dollars.
For care and improvement of grounds south
of the President's House, onethousand dollars.
For extra labor in removing snow and ice
from the pavements and public walks, five hun-
dred dollars.
For repair of water-pipes, one thousand dol-
lars.
For manure for the public grounds and res-
ervations, and cartage of the same, two thou-
sand dollars.
For care of reservations on New York, Mas-
sachusetts, Vermont, and Maryland avenues,
three thousand dollars.
For painting iron fenccs around the public
squares and reservations, three thousand dol-
lars.
For annual repairs of the President's House,
five thousand dollars.
For flower-pots, glasses, twine, and so forth,
one thousand dollars.
For fuel at the center building of the Capi-
tol, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For care of the Circle, one thousand dollars.
For laying pavement through the Mall along
Sixth streeth south, opened by act of Con-
gress approved March second, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, two thousand dollars.
For additional repairs of conservatory at
the President's House, and for supplying the
same with a suitable collection of plants to
replace those destroyed by fire, five thousand
dollars.
For completing the culvert through the Bo-
tanic Garden, thirteen thousand dollars.
For the further improvement of Lincoln
square, eight thousand dollars.
For hire of carts on the public grounds,
three thousand dollars.
For purchase and repairs of tools used in
the public grounds, one thousand dollars.
For purchase of trees and tree-boxes, to
replace, when necessary, such as have been
planted by the United States, to whitewash
tree-boxes and fences, and to repair pave-
ments in front of the public grounds, three
thousand dollars.
For lighting the Capitol and President's
House and public grounds around them and
around the executive offices, thirty thousand
dollars.
For pay of lamplighters, gas fitting, plumbing,
lamp-posts, lanterns, glass, paints, matches,
materials and repairs of all sorts, five thousand
dollars.
For improvement of Capitol grounds, two
thousand dollars.
For continuing the United States twenty-
inch water main from its present terminus in
north B street on the east side of Delaware
avenue to the United States twelve-inch main
on First street east, ten thousand dollars.
For purchase of stationery, books, maps,
plans, office furniture and contingents of the
office, three thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay for fitting necessary shelving, and for
record books furnished or ordered for the office
of register of deeds of the District of Colum-
bia, during the period when Edward C. Eddie
was such register, five hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
To pay William H. West for services ren-
dered in taking care of and keeping safely the
bonds held in trust by the Secretary of the
Treasury for the benefit of the Smithsonian
Institution, from March first, eighteen hundred
and fifty, to July first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, two thousand five hundred dollars,
to be paid out of the Smithsonian fund.
To enable the Secretary of the Senate to
complete the alphabetical list of private claims
to the end of the second session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, and to pay outstanding claims
for 'Services rendered in the preparation of
said work under a resolution of the Senate of
March sixteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, two thousand dollars.
That the sum of fifteen thousand dollars, or
as much thereof an may be necessary, be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to defray the expenses of the joint
Committee on Ordnance, and that the same
shall be drawn from the Treasury, upon the
order of the Secretary of the Senate, as it shall
be required; and any portion of the amount
hereby appropriated that shall be allowed by
the said joint committee to witnesses attend-
ing before it, or other persons employed in its
service, for per diem traveling or other neces-
sary expenses, and paid by the Secretary of
the Senate, in pursuance of the orders of said
joint committee, shall be accordingly credited
and allowed by the accounting officers of the
Treasury Department.
To enable the joint Committee on the Library
to pay Mrs. Sarah F. Ames an additional com-
pensation for her marble bust of President
Lincoln, five hundred dollars.
For expenses of the trial of the impeachment
of Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, six thousand dollars, orso much thereof
as may be necessary, to be paid into the con-
tingent fund of the Senate.
For the purchasing of suitable sites for the
erection of addition.".! school-houses, and for the
maintenance of schools in the county of Wash-
ington, outside of the limits of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, the same to be
expended under the direction of the levy court
of the county of Washington, subject to the
approval of the Secretary of the Interior, ten
thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That there
be, and is hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of nine thousand two hundred and
sixty-three dollars and eighty-five cents, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, to pay
balance due for the survey of lands embraced
in the Osage Indian reservation, in the State
of Kansas, under contract dated August four-
teenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, the
said sum to be returned to the Treasury out of
the proceeds of the sale of said lands, as pro-
vided by treaties with said Indians.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
sum of seven thousand seven hundred and sev-
enty-five dollars, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, is hereby appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to pay for the balance due for sur-
veying several Indian reservations in Utah Ter-
ritory ; the survey of which was provided for
by actof Congress approved May fifth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four.
Seo. 4. Andbeit further enacted, That the
sum of thirty-nine thousand and fourteen dol-
lars and sixty-three cents, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, is hereby appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not here-
tofore appropriated, to pay for the survey of
the Osage Indian trust lands ceded to the Uni-
ted States under treaty concluded September
twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
upon a contract made with the General Land
Office under date of September eighteen, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, and another coil-
tract for another portion of said trust lands,
dated May twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven ; which survey is according to
the provisions of the second article of treaty
concluded with said tribe September twenty-
ninth, eighteen hundred and sixly-five.
Sec. 5. And be It further enacted, I hat there
be, and is hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of three thousand three hun-
dred and sixty-two dollars and three cents to
