3050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
Sir, I probably represent more flour-mills
than any twenty of these gentlemen. I have
not consulted with the millers of my town, of
whom there are vast numbers, for that is our
principal business, norhave they indicated their
desire to me. Yet if I undertook to say for
them, while all other manufacturers of the
country are on sales above $5,000, paying
nothing below that, paying ten dollars special
tax and two tenths of one per cent, as a small
contribution toward the support of the Gov-
ernment, that they should be exempted, they
would be ashamed of themselves if they did
not contribute two tenths of their sales among
the rest. It will amount to two cents on the
average value of a barrel of flour in my town,
about ten dollars, and it will not make a differ-
ence of two cents to any man who consumes
a barrel of flour. They know it and 1 know
it. Wo all know it. It will not be an appre-
ciable difference, but when applied to other
manufactures it willUmount to a great deal to
the Government.
The gentleman says wood, lumber; that
lumber enters into the needs of every man
more than anything else except these bread-
stuffs, which till him internally. Look at what
the gentleman wears. There is his shirt, there
is his hat, there are his shoes, there are his
stockings, there are the buttons which fasten
the whole together; all these seem to be ne-
cessities which we carry around with us, and
yet he has never known of these to be exempt,
(t is wood, lumber which helps to build the
house of the poor man. It helps to build the
house ordinarily built by the speculator or
builder and hired to the poor man at a high
rate. The poor man is not a man who deals
in lumber.
Now, in regard to breadstuff's it is different.
If there is anything which appeals for exemp-
tion it is breadstuff's, but representing bread-
stuffs to the extent I do I make no appeal for
them. I repeat, sir, that the millers whom I
in large numbers represent would be ashamed
not to give two tenths of one per cent, on sales
above $5,000 to support the Government.
Everything else, however, is to be set aside
for this particular article.
It is a part of that system by which when,
two years ago, we had up what was called the
Morrill bill, one gentleman proposed to except
rakes, another hoes, another reapers, and
another something else, when in fact the peo-
ple did not get these things one cent cheaper,
but it only went to enhance in some small
degree the profits of the makers of agricultural
implements, who invested their capital in the
business, not with the view of making bread to
feed the poor, but because they found that
investing it in that business was about the most
profitable way they could employ it. So it is
■with the lumber and with the minerals, and
■with all these other things. I wish upon gen-
eral principle to tax the employment of capital
fairly and evenly all around, except that when
■we come to particular articles of luxury we
should increase the tax upon them, not for the
reason that there is anything wrong in those
•who manufacture these articles of luxury, but
because they are manufacturing articles which,
if we do increase the value by a very heavy tax
upon them, will on}y take that much out of the
pockets of the consumers, who are a small
class, of luxurious habits. That is the only
ground upon which I would make a distinction
at all. As to drawing a distinction between
clothing and shelter, between the boards on a
man's fence and the pantaloons on his -—-
[Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. As
far as this question of lumber is concerned,
though I believe many members of this House
are interested directly or indirectly in its man-
ufacture, yet I doubt whether there are three
members in the House who believe there is
any reason why it should be exempted. The
same reasons a|>ply to various other necessa-
ries of life that apply to lumber or breadstuffs,
and in this little tax which is proposed to be
put upon it I hope there will be no exemption.
There are few persons who are more interested
than 1 am in this question. But when the
committee proposes to put on a small tax,'to
say that there is any argument which will apply
to lumber that will not apply to other necessa-
ries of life is a mistake, and I think every indi-
vidual who is connected with the business
knows it and is willing to acknowledge it. Some
individuals may be anxious to please their
constituents, but when you examine the ques-
tion, and apply it, as was said by this commit-
tee, there is no reason why this article should
be exempt which does not apply to other
necessaries.
Mr. SCHENCK. Do I understand the gen-
tleman himself to be a large dealer in lumber?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Yes,
sir.
Mr. MULLINS. And here is another one
in the same class.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Chairman, I believe there
is no city in the United States that manufac-
tures so much flour as St. Louis. I know a
large number of manufacturers of flour in that
city, and they are as able and as willing to pay
the regular tax that is imposed upon other
manufacturers as any class of men in the coun-
try. 1 can see no reason for their exemption,
and I hopethetax willbe imposed upon them.
Mr. PERRY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment offered by the chairman of the commit-
tee. I wish to be understood upon this ques-
tion. I may be pardoned for saying that I
moved this amendment in the first instance in
the committee of conference. My phrase-
ology then was not as I have sent it up now to
the Chair. I have conformed it to the phrase-
ology adopted oil that occasion. My amend-
ment was simply "lumber and breadstuff's,"
but there were others of the committee who
deemed it best that the term " manufactured"
should be used, and therefore 1 have so shaped
it now for the purpose of harmonizing with the
existing law.
Now, in response to the gentleman who said
he was interested in the manufacture of lum-
ber, [Mr. Washburn, of Massachusetts,] I do
not disguise the fact that, I, too, am interested,
and I will stand with that gentleman so far as
any interest I have in taxing it to the fullest
extent is concerned. But I represent a con-
stituency who are largely engaged in this inter-
est, and I still press before the committee this
point, that the manufacture of lumber and
breadstuffs has never been taxed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman will allow me to call his attention to the
bill passed March 2, 18G7. Boards, shingles,
laths, and other manufactured lumber were
expressly put into that bill to exempt them
thereafter from tax.
Mr. BLAINE. That was merely to exclude
a conclusion, and not because they had ever
been taxed before.
Mr. PERRY. I state understandingly in this
matter, that during the whole war the manu-
facture of lumber never was taxed. Sales of
lumber by dealers have been taxed, and I am
not hereto urge an exemption from tax of sales
of lumber, for that has been a policy of the
Government, but my point is that manufactur-
ers of lumber were never taxed. The argu-
ment used for the exemption from taxation of
the manufacture of lumber was that those who
engaged in the interest entered into wild and
unknown sections of the country, invited cap-
ital and employed labor there, and contended
with the elements of nature, and therefore they
oughttobe exempted, and they were exempted;
upon their lands, logs, mills, and working
property, they were taxed enough: but when
the lumber is carried to marketand then offered
for sale by themselves or others as dealers,
they have to pay the same tax as is imposed on
other dealers in other articles.
The objection raised by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means is, that if we
exempt this from taxation it is only putting
money into the pockets of the capitalists and j
builders of houses who compel poor men to 1,
pay high rents for them. The gentleman must
see that the more tax you impose on the lum-
ber that enters into the construction of houses
the more rent must necessarily be imposed on
the poor men who occupy those dwellings, and
the object of my amendment is so to reduce the
price of lumber as to enable the poor man to
put up his own shanty or dwelling, or lessen
rentals where he isunable to build for himself.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
would ask the gentleman if a tax upon the
windows and doors that go into the poor man's
dwelling would not raise the price just as
much?
Mr. PERRY. I know it would, but I take
the ground that lumber was never taxed before;
that this is initiating a new system of taxation,
and therefore I oppose it. I state frankly that
if lumber had ever been taxed in its manufac-
ture, I would not urge here, nor have been
before the committee of conference advocating,
its exemption; but I say that it has been ex-
empted during the war when we wanted all the
taxes we could possibly raise, and I say that
for the same reasons now as then this manufac-
ture should be exempt from fixation. It is
for that reason I press this question before the
committee.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. FERRY. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman speaks of taxing the manufacture of
lumber. I would ask him how the manufac-
tures of lumber are taxed? Under this para-
graph the tax is simply confined to sales.
Mr. PERRY. It is a tax on the manufac-
ture of lumber, and not on its sales. When the
same parties are manufacturers and dealers
they ought not to pay taxes twice, which would
be the case if taxed on manufactures as they
are now taxed on sales as dealers.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. No, on
the amount of sales.
Mr. SCHENCK. Like all other manufac-
turers.
Mr. FERRY. I understand the difference.
They are taxed where the lumber is manufac-
tured, and then when it is carried to lumber-
yards and sold it is taxed again. My purpose
is to interfere with the tax on the manufac-
ture alone. 1 am opposed to it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask that by unanimous
consent debate may be closed on this para-
graph.
Mr. BLAINE. Before that is done, I desire
to ask the gentleman one question.
Mr. IIIGBY. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Pomlkoi; re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole oa
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 1060) to reduce into one act and
to amend the laws relating to internal taxes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
fatten o'clock and twenty minutes p. in. J the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. EARNSWORTII: The petition of
Dr. Francis Lieber concerning mails to tho
Territories and remote military posts.
Bv Mr. FERRIS: A memorial and proofs
of the claim of the town of Queensbury, New
York, for reinbursement for United States
Treasury notes lost at sea by sinking of steamer
Melville.
By Mr. HUNTER: A memorial of George
W. Parsley, asking that the amount of pension
