1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40 T5
have not to-day afloat an American steamer
Unit carries our mail. Sir, I want not only to
see individuals but our property and our mails
under ihe protection of our own flag.
ilr. CONN ESS obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to call up a priv-
ileged motion which is lying on the table—the
resolution fixing the time of adjournment.
Several Senators. Not now.
Mr. SUMNER. Not to day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we ought to fix
the time. The state of business is such that I
think we can do it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That res-
olution can only be taken up at this time by
common consent. I do not know that it has
any privilege over any other question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to suspend all
other business for the purpose of taking it up.
Mr. CONN ESS. I believe the Senator can-
not take the floor from me.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not know that the
Senator had the floor.
Mr. IIOWE. I think I must call for the
order of the day. I do not see that it is likely
to have a vote on the bill which was called up
by the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. CON NESS. I am as anxious that that
bill shall pass as anybody, so that it is passed
in the right form; but I think if we have a little
time we shall perhaps agree in regard to it. I
have an amendment to propose, which I think
will reconcile what I will call again the friends
of the bill to the amendment that has been
made. I will endeavor to occupy as little time
as possible.
Mr. POMEROY. I see there is such oppo-
sition to the bill that it will necessarily take
some time. I am only sorry that it is not for
a line of steamships m the Pacific seas, and
then it would go through.
Mr. CONNESS. That is an entirely gratu-
itous speech which the honorable Senator from
Kansas makes, and it is an unworthy one, too,
in my opinion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The half
hour for which the regular order was postponed
has expired, and the unfinished business of
yesterday is now regularly before the Senate.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1431) granting a pen-
sion to Emmeiene H. Rudd, widow of the late
Commodore John Uudd, deceased, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the vacancy
upon the Committee on Foreign Relations
caused by the resignation of Mr. Johnson, of
Maryland, be filled by the Chair.
The motiou was agreed to ; and Mr. Doo-
little was appointed to supply the vacaucy.
civil appropriation bill.
A message from the House of Representa-
tive?, by Mr. McPheuson, its Clerk, announced
that the House agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. B. No. 818)
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1869, and for other purposes, and
having laid on the table a motion to reconsider
the vote thereon, it was out of the power of
the House, except by unanimous consent,
(which had been refused,) to "return to the
Senate, pursuant to its request, the resolution
of the House agreeing to said report.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore,:
A bill (II. R. No. 631) amendatory of an act
approved July 26. I860, entitled "An act to
authorize the construction of certain bridges
and to establish them as post roads
A bill (H. It. No. 818) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30,1869, and
for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 507) relating to theFreedmen's
Bureau and providing for its discontinuance ;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 605) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
the 80th of June, 1869, and for other purposes.
west point and cornwall road.
Mr. WILSON. Iam directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 761) to
construct a wagon-road from West Point to
Cornwall Landing, all in the county of Orange,
State of New York, to report it back without
amendment. This is a bill of only ten lines,
which passed the Senate on a former occasion,
and I should like to have it put on its passage
now.
By unanimous consent the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the superintendent of the Mili-
tary Academy at West Point to use the labor
in the employ of the United States Govern-
ment at that post, when not otherwise em-
ployed, in building and constructing a wagon-
road from West Point to Cornwall Landing in
the county of Orange, the road to be located
under the direction of the superintendent, over
land now belonging or hereafter to be ceded
to the Government of the United States for
that purpose.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
pension appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
j following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
biil (II. R. No. 678) making appropriations for the
payment ot invalid and other pensions of the United
States 1'or the year ending June 30,1869, havingmet,
after full and free eonfcrence have agreed to reeom -
mend, and do recommend, to theirrespective Houses,
as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Somite, and agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second amendment ot the Senate, and agree to
the same, with an amendment as follows, namely:
strike out all of said amendment after the word
"laws" in line eight; and the Senate agree to the j
same so modified. ]
L. M. MORRILL,
GEO. F. EDMUNDS, !
I. A. HENDRICKS.
. Managers on theivut of the Senate. ;
B. F. BUTLER,
ffil. LAW RbXCE,
A. fch BUllft.
Managers on ihe part of the House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Perhaps lought
to state to the Senate the effect of this report.
It simply reqiires pensions to be paid from the
pension fund. The House required the fund
known as the naval pension fund to be covered
into the Treasury ; they now recede from that
and leave the fund as now provided by law.
That is the substance of the report.
The report was concurred in.
bridges on the missouri river.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
biil (S. No. 355) authorizing the construction
of a bridge across the Missouri river upon the
military reservation at Fort Leavenworth, Kan-
sas, which was to add to the bill the following
additional section:
And beit further enacted, That it shall be lawful for j,
the St. Joseph and Denver City ltailroud Company, a i!
corporation created by tho laws of the State of Kan- ij
sas, to build a bridge over and across the Missouri j|
river at St. Joseph, Missouri; and nil the rights and ii
privileges conferred by sections one, two, four a-ud
live, of this act arc hereby extended, so far as they
are applicable, to tile St. Joseph and Denver City ji
Railroad Company, and conditions contained in said 11
sections are hereby made applicabietosaidcompany. |j
Mr. WILSONS I move that the Senate con-
cur in the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
message fttom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House bad passed the following bill
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 1420) directing the Com-
missioner of Pensions to proceed to hear evi-
dence and determine the right of W. H. Cox,
deceased, late a sergeant in company F, sec-
ond regiment Pennsylvania artillery, to a pen-
sion in the same manner as if he was still living,
he having died of disease contracted while a
prisoner of war at Andersonville, Georgia,
and if found to be entitled to a pension, then
the same from the time of his discharge till
death to be paid over to his father, Charles
D. Cox; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 296) giving
the assent of the United States to the con-
struction of certain wharves in the harbor of
Oswego, New York.
indian appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. 11. No. 1073)
making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses, of the Indian depart^
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending 30th
June, 1869.
The PitESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, the amendments reported by the
Committee on Appropriations will be consid-
ered as tbey are reached in the reading of the
bill.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was on page 7, line
one hundred and forty-four, to insert the fol-
lowing :
Chippewas of Saginaw, Swan Creek, and Black
River:
For this amount, to be placed to the credit of tbe
educational lund of the Chippewas of Saginaw,
Swan Creek, and Black river, per fourth article
treaty 18th October, 1861 $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 8, after
line one hundred and eighty-three, under the
appropriations for " Chippewas of Lake Supe-
rior " to insert the following:
For the support of a smith and shop for the Boise
I Fort band, duung the pleasure of the Piesident, per
twelfth article treaty 30:h September, 1854, and third
article treaty April 7,1866, $660.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after tliij
1 amendment just adopted the following :
For the support of two farmers for the B"i=e Fort
band, during the pleasure ot the President, per
twelith <u-licle treaty September SO, 1854, and third
article treaty Apiil 7, 1866, $1,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 15,
under the appropriations for ''Chippewas,
Pillager, and Lake Wiunebogoshish bauds,"
in line three hundred and forty six, to strike
out "one1' and insert "three;" so that the
clause will read :
For fourteenth of twenty installments for purposes
of education, per third article treaty 22d February,
1855, §3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 15, lines
three hundred and forty-nine and three hun-
dred and fifty, to strike out "twelve hun-
dred and forty" and to insert "twenty-one
hundred and twenty ;" so that the clause will
read:
For fourteenth of fifteen instalments for support
of two smiths and smiths' shops, per third article
treaty 22d February, 1855, $2,120.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 2'J, in
the appropriations for the Creeks, after line
five hundred and nine, to insert the follow-
ing:
For blacksmith and assistant and for shop and
tools, during the pleasure of tho President, per filth
article treaty 14th February, 1833, and tilth article
treaty 7th August, 1850, $840.
For iion aud steel tor suop, during the pleasure of
tbe President, per filth article treaty 14th Febiuary,
1833, and fifth article treaty 7th August, 1850, $270,
For wagon-maker, duringthe pleasure of the P res-
