1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong....2d Sbss.
take from said reservation, at such places as
shall be designated by the Secretary of War,
all stone, timber, and earth necessary to use
in the construction of said bridge.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
right to alter or amend this act, so as to pre-
vent or remove all mate-rial obstructions to the
navigation of said river by the construction of
bridges, is hereby expressly reserved.
Sec. 6. And be, it further enacted, That, it
shall be lawful for the Saint, Joseph and Den-
ver City Railroad Company, a corporation
created by the laws of the State of Kansas, to
build a bridge over and across the Missouri
river at Saint Joseph, Missouri; and all the
rights and privileges conferred by sections 1,
2, 4, and 5 of this act are hereby extended, so
far as they are applicable, to the Saint Joseph
and Denver City Railroad Company, and the
restrictions, limitations, and conditions con-
tained in said sections are hereby made appli-
cable to said company.
Approved, July 20, 18G8.
Chap. CLXXX.—Au Act for the Registration
or Enrollment of certain Foreign Vessels.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is here'03', authorized and
directed to issue certificates of registry or en-
rollment and license to the schooner "'Bob,"
of St. Andrew, New Brunswick; and to the
following-named Canadian-built vessels, to
wit: the schooner "Royal Albert," of Oak-
ville; the bark "John Breden," the schooner
" Prince Alfred," and the brigantine " Orkney
Lass," all of Kingston ; the schooner "George
Henry," of Toronto; the schooner "Annexa-
tion," of Port Hope ; and the schooner "Em-
peror," of St. Catherines; also the barges
" Champlain " and " Hochelega," of Quebec;
the bark "Monarch," the brig "Sea Gull,"
and the schooner "Smith & Post," all of Oalt-
ville; the schooner " Welland," of St. Cath-
erines; the schooner "Governor," of Mon-
treal; the schooner "L. S. Shicklana," of St.
Catherines; the schooner "Victoria," of To-
ronto ; said vessels being owned by citizens of
the United States, and having been at all times
employed upon the waters of the lakes: Pro-
vided, That there shall be paid upon each of
said foreign-built vessels a tax equal to the
internal revenue tax upon the materials and
construction of similar vessels of American
build.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CLXXXI.—An Act concerning the Tax
Commissioners for the State of Arkansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the acts and proceed-
ings which have been had or performed by any
two of the tax commissioners, in and for the
State of Arkansas, shall have the same force
and effect as if had and performed by all three
of said commissioners.
Approved, July 20, 18G8.
x
Chap. CLXXXIf.—An Act amendatory of an
Act approved July twenty-six, [five,] eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, entitled "An Act
to authorize the Construction of Certain j
Bridges, and to establish them as Post i
Roads." I
Whereas the St. Louis and Illinois Bridge j
Company, organized under the laws of the State j
of Missouri, and the Illinois and St. Louis
Bridge Company, organized under an act of the
General Assembly of the Stale of Illinois, have
been consolidated, in pursuance of the authority
granted to the said Illinois and St. Louis Bridge
Company, in their act of incorporation, and the
authority granted to the St. Louis and Illinois
Bridge Company, by an act of the General
Assembly of the State of Missouri, approved
March nineteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the company formed
by this consolidation, under the name and style
of the Illinois and St. Louis Bridge Company,
is hereby recognized and declared to be a cor-
poration by that name, with full power and
authority to construct a bridge across the Mis-
sissippi river opposite the city of St. Louis, in
conformity to the act of which this act is amend-
atory, with all the rights, privileges, and powers
granted and conferred by the several acts of the
General Assemblies of the States of Illinois and
Missouri to the respective companies by the
consolidation of which the said Illinois and St.
Louis Bridge Company was formed, and not
inconsistent with the provisions of the act to
which this act is amendatory: And provided
further, That in constructing said bridge there
shall be one span of at least five hundred feet
clear between piers.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
said corporation may execute a mortgage and
issue bonds payable, principal and interest, in
gold, and their bridge across the Mississippi
riverand approaches thereto, when constructed,
•shall be a post road to carry the mails of the
United States, and enjoy the rights and priv-
ileges of other post roads.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That paid
corporation may hold their meetings in either
the State of Illinois or the State of Missouri,
as the board of directors may elect, and tiie
directors may be citizens of any of the United
States; and said corporation may sue and be
sued in any circuit court of the United States :
Provided, That nothing in this act or in any
previous legislation affecting the premises shall
be so construed as to deprive the Legislatures
of the States of Illinois and Missouri of the
right to regulate the tolls and fares which may
be charged by said company for the use of such
bridge: Provided further, That the tolls now
fixed by the Legislatures of Illinois and Missouri
shall not be increased.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CLXXXIII.—An Act providing for the
Sale of a Portion of the Port Gratiot Military
Reservation in St. Clair county, in the State
of Michigan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized to sell, at such
times as he may deem most advantageous to
the interests of tiie Government, and in such
mannerashereinafterprovided, all that portion
of the military reservation known as Port
Gratiot, in St. Clair county, in the State of
Michigan, which lies south of a line running
due west from the south end of the Grand
Trunk railroad wharf, on the St. Clair river,
until it intersects the road known as the Lex-
ington road, and all that portion which lies
west of said Lexington road.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, all
that portion of the above-described lands which
! lies east of a line running due south from the
point of intersection with the Lexington road,
mentioned in the foregoing section of this act,
shall be divided into blocks and lots of conven-
ient size for building purposes, with public
streets conforming as near as may be, without
| detriment to the interests of the Government
: or the State, to the public streets of the city
of Port Huron, adjoining such ground, and sold
by lots at public auction, at the city of Port
Huron, to the highest bidder, public notice of
such sale having first been given for thirty
days by advertisement in all the papers pub-
lished in the city of Port Huron, and in at
least two papers published iu the city of De-
troit, Michigan. A plat of this division, made
in accordance with the laws of the State of
Michigan, shall be filed with the register of
deeds of the county of St. Clair, State of Mich-
igan. The remaining portion of said military
reservation, for the sale of which provision is
made in the first section of this act, shall be
sold at public auction at the city of Port Hu-
ron, after due notice, as prescribed in the fore-
going paragraph, at such times and in such
parcels as may be deemed most advantageous
to the interests of the Government, by the
Secretary of War.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That, the
proceeds arising from the sale herein provided
for, shall be paid into the Treasury of the
United States in the same manner as the pro-
ceeds from the sale of other public lands.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CLXXXIV.—An Act to aid the Im-
provement of the Des Moines and Rock
Island Rapids, iu the Mississippi river.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That whenever in the
prosecution of the improvements of the Mis-
sissippi river, at either the Des Moines or Rock
Island rapids therein, it becomes necessary or
proper to take possession of the right of w.ay
over any lands, or to use any earth, quarries, or
other material lying adjacent or near to either
of said works, and needful for its prosecution,
the officer in charge of said work, or his assist-
ant, may, in the name of the United States,
take possession of and use the same, after
having first paid, or secured to be paid, the
value thereof, which may have been ascer-
tained in the mode provided by the laws of the
State wherein such property or material lie[s,]
for adjudging the value of private property
which may be needed for any public improve-
ment: Provided, however, That when the owner
of such property or material shall fix a price
for the same, which, in the opinion of the said
officer in charge, shall be reasonable, he may
take the same at such price without further
delay.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That a
portion of the appropriations made or to be
made for the prosecution of the improvements
aforesaid, not exceeding fifty thousand dollars
in amount, may be applied in payment of the
property or material taken and used as afore-
said.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CLXXXV.—An Act declaratory of the
Law in regard to Officers Cashiered or Dis-
missed from the Army by the Sentence of a
General Court-Martial.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That no officer of the
Army of the United States who has been or
shall hereafter be cashiered or dismissed from
the service by the sentence of a general court-
martial, formally approved by the proper re-
viewing authority, shall ever be restored to
the military service except by a reappointment,
confirmed by the Senate of the United States.
Approved, July 20, 186S.
Chap. CLXXXVI.—An Act Imposing Taxes
011 Distilled Spirits and Tobacco, and for
other purposes.
Be "t enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be levied
and collected on all distilled spirits 011 which
the tax prescribed by law has not been paid
a tax of fifty cents on each and every proof
gaHon, to be paid by the distiller, owner, or
person having possession thereof before re-
moval from distillery warehouse ; and the tax
on such spirits shall be collected on the whole
number of gauge or wine gallons when below
