4076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
ident, per fifth article treaty February 14, 1833, and
fifth nrticle treaty August 7, 1850, $000.
For assistance in agricultural operations, during
the pleasure of the President, per eighth article
treaty J Hilary 24,18.35, and fifth article treaty Au-
gust 7,1856, $2,000.
For education, during the pleasure of the President,
per fitfli article treaty February 14, 1833, and fifth
article treaty August 7,1856, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was oil page 35, under
the head of appropriations for the Nez Perce
Indians, line eight hundred and thirty-six to
insert "twenty" before "five," so that the
clause will read :
For third of four installments to enable the Indians
to remove and locate upon the reservation, to be
expended in ploughing land and fencing lots, n« per
fiist clause fourth article treaty of June 9,1863, $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 85, line
eight hundred and forty-four, to strike out
"one" and insert "three;" so that the clause
will read :
For third of the sixteen installments for boarding
and clothing the children who shall attend the
schools, providing the schools and boarding-houses
-with nccessary tumiture, the purchase of necessary
®wagons, teams, agricultural implements, tools. &c.,
and for fencing of such lands as may be needed lor
gardening and farming purposes :or the schools, as
per fourth clause fourth article treaty of June 9,
1863. $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 35, line
eight hundred and forty-six, to strike out
" four" and insert " five," and after the word
" dollars" to insert the word " each so that
the clause will read :
For salary of two subordinate chiefs, as per fifth
article treaty of June 9,1863, $500 each.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 36, line
eighthundredand fifty-five, to strikeout "one"
and insert "two;" so that the clause will read:
For second of fifteen installments for repairs of
houses, mills, shops, &c„ and providing the neces-
sary furniture, tools aud materials, as per article
fiiih treaty June 9,1863, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 36, line
eight hundred and sixty, to strike out " $3,000"
and insert "$7,600;" so that the clause will
read:
For salary of two matrons to take charge of the
boat ding-schools, two assistant teachers, onefatmer,
one carpenter, and two millers, as per fifth article
treaty ot June 9, 1863, §7,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 36, under
the appropriations for the Omahas, after line
eight hundred and sixty-six, to insert:
For third of ten installments for keeping in repair
a grist and saw mill, and support of blacksmith shop,
per eighth article, treaty March 16,1864, and third
article, treaty March 6,1865.$400.
For third often installments tor pay of one engineer
and assistant, per same treaties, $1,800.
For third ot ten installments for pay of one miller,
per same trea ties, $900.
For third often installments for pay of one farmer,
per same treaties, $900.
For third of ten installments for pay of blacksmith,
per same treaties. $900.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 38, under
the appropriations for the Pawnees, after line
nine hundred and eighteen to insert:
For support of two manual labor schools during the
pleasure of the President, per third article treaty
September 24, 1857, $10,000.
For purehaseot ironandsteelandothornecessaries
for the shops, during the pleasure of the President,
per same treaty, $500.
For pay ot two blacksmiths, one of whom to be a
gun-smith and tin-smith, per same treaty, $1,200.
For compensation of two strikers or apprentices in
blacksmith's sho,>, per same treaty, $480.
For the purchase of farming utensils and stock,
dutingthepleasureof thePresident, per same treaty,
$1,200.
For pay of farmer, per same treaty, $600.
For the last of ten installments for pay of miller, at
the discretion of the President, per same treaty, $600.
For last of ten installments for pay of an engineer,
at the discretion of the President, per same treaty,
$1,200.
For compensation to apprentices to assist in work-
ing the mill, per same treaty, #500.
For keeping in repair the grist and saw mills, per
came treaty, $300.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 41, in the
appropriations for the Pottawatomies, after line
nine hundred and ninety-five, to insert:
For education, duringthe pleasnreofCongress.per
third article treat} ot October 16,1826, second article
treaty September 20.1828, and fourth article treaty
October 27,1832, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 57, line
thirteen hundred and seventy-eight, after the
word "objects" to strike out "at the discre-
tion of the President;" and in line thirteen
hundred and eighty to strike out "six" and
insert " eight;" so that the clause will read:
Yakama nation :
For fourth of five installments of second series for
beneficial objects, per fourth article treaty 9th June,
1855, $8,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 62, line
fifteen hundred and eight, to strike out "five"
and insert "fifteen;" so that the clause will
read:
For this amount to carry out the action contem-
plated by act of Congress, approved May 5.1864, en-
titled "An act to vacate and sell the present Indian
reservations in Utah Territory, and to settle said In-
dians in Uintah valley, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 63, line
fifteen hundred and twenty-eight, to strike out
"thirty" and insert "fifty-five;" so that the
clause will read:
For the purchase of cattle for beef and milk
together with clothing and food,_t.eams and farming
tools for Indians in California, $55,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am instructed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs to offer vari-
ous amendments to this bill. The Clerk has
a printed copy. He can read them.
The Chief Clerk read the first, amendment
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, which was
in line eleven, after "agents," to strike out
"$!)!),000" and insert "$110,550;" so as to
make the appropriation for the pay of superin-
tendent of Indian affairs and of Indian agents
$116,550.
Mr. HOWE. I would propose to the Sen-
ator to omit that amendment now until the
other amendments on which that depends are
acted on.
Mr. HENDERSON. Very well; let it be
passed over for the present and let the next
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
which was in line sixteen, under the headir^
of " Superintendents of Indian Affairs," after
"California" to insert:
One for the State of Nevada, one for the Territory
of Arizona, and one lor Montana and Idaho.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighteen
to strike out "one" and insert "three so as
to allow three Indian agents for the tribes in
Oregon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
three to strike out "four" and insert "six
so as to allow six Indian agent3 for the In-
dians east of the Rocky mountains.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
eight, after " Wisconsin," to strike out "one"
and insert "three;" so as to allow three In-
dian agents for the tribes in Washington Ter-
ritory.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
fifty-three the following:
For temporary clerks to superintendents oflndian
affairs, $5,000.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for an explanation of
that amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. Ibelievethereareeleven
superintendents of Indian affairs. The Depart-
ment say that it is necessary to furnish clerks
to some of these superintendents, not for the
entire year, but for a portion of the year. It
is obligatory on the superintendents to keep
the accounts of the Indians, especially in Wash-
ington Territory and Oregon and California,
where the Indians now are farming to a very
considerable extent, doing a large business,
and I understand from the Department that
it is necessary for the superintendent, there
being but one to each of these States and Ter-
ritories, to have, a portion of the year at any
rate, a clerk. The Senator will find with the
estimate of the Department in Senate Execu-
tive Document No. 62, which he has before
him, about the middle of the second page:
Pay of temporary clerks for superintendents of
Indian affairs, $5,000. This item is omitted in the
bill. It is utterly impossible for superintendents to
perform their duties with dispatch without the assist-
ance of clerks.
I will state to the Senate that in looking at
former appropriation bills I find that this appro-
priation has been for a number of years made.
The business of superintendents is increasing,
and very largely increasing, as the Indians
become more civilized; that is, they have
clerical duties to perform which they had not
formerly. I can only state what the Depart-
ment sav in regard to it.
Mr. HOWE. It is introducing a new item
of expenditure."
Mr. HENDERSON. Not by any means.
It has been made heretofore.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will pardon
me, it is not new. It was left out I suppose
accidentally by the House in the original bill.
This is a service that must be had. The super-
intendents are compelled to travel a part of
the time around the different agencies, and
while they are away, the correspondence has
to be taken care of, and during part of the
year, therefore, they must have some clerical
help.
Mr. HOWE. Does the Senator understand
that this is an ordinary appropriation?
Mr. IIARLAN. I think so. I think it is
estimated for and appropriated regularly.
Mr. HOWE. I do not so understand it;
but I m ly be wrong about it. If it is supposed
to be necessary for the service, of course the
money must be appropriated, but [ was not
able to see the necessity of it myself. I shall
submit, however, to the vote of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was in lines fifty-four and fifty-
five, after the words "pay of interpreters"
to strikeout" $'20,400 " and insert" $29,200."
Mr. HOWE. This amendment calls for an
additional appropriation of over eight thou-
sand dollars for the pay of interpreters. I will
ask the Senator from Missouri if he supposes
that additional sum to be necessary?
Mr. HENDERSON. The Department, in
reference to this appropriation say, as fol-
lows :
"Pay of interpreters changed from £29,200 to
$20,400, being a deficiency ot $8,800. It is necessary
that each agent and sub-agent should have an inter-
preter, and where one agent hascharge-i.f mot e than
one tribe it is necessary to have one for each tribe.
There are seventy agents and sub-agents, conse-
quently there shouldbothatnumber of interpreters-
Only sixty-three are asked to be provided, which
number is certainly not too great."
I believe that that gives a salary of $500 to
interpreters west of the mountains, and a sal-
ary of $400 per annum to interpreters east of
the mountains, and there are sixty-three asked
for, which, atthe prices 1 have named, amounts
to $29,200, the amount I asked for. I am
exceedingly anxious to reduce the expenses
of the department, but I cannot understand
how it is that this item of $20,400, contrary
to all the precedents on the subject,, should
have been adopted. I do not understand that
interpreters can be employed at such prices as
to enable the department to get along with
that amount of money. If I saw that it was
possible to do so, I should not ask to increase
it, but my impression is that the department
do not ask for more than they ought to have.
Surely qualified interpreters cannot be em-
ployed for a less sum of money, and the Sen-
ator will see at once the number that is required,
i I refer him to page 2 of the remarks of the
