3052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
✓
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe]
proposes to amend the amendment by substi-
tuting for it:
Which payments respectively shall be in full dis-
charge of all claims of the persons to whom such
payments shall be made, which have been presented
under said act. and of all claims arising out of the
matters in connection with which the services and
damages so claimed for arose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I simply wish to say that
I hope the amendment to the amendment will
not be agreed to. I am satisfied that it would
operate unjustly, and that the amendment I
propose amply secures the Government.
Mr. HO\VE. I offered this amendment to
the amendment, and have a word further to
say in support of it. The claimants who are
named in the bill, it seems, made claims upon
different pieces of work. The Navy Depart-
ment examined the claims as supported by
testimony in reference to each piece, and
awarded damages on some items and disal-
lowed the claim on others. The amendment
offered by the Senator from Indiana proposes
in effect to abide by the judgment of the Navy
Department in reference to the items where
the judgment was favorable to the claim, but
to ignore it so far as it bears upon the items
where the judgmentor the award was unfavor-
able to the claim. The amendment which I
move proposes to abide by the judgment so
far as it bears upon the claimants or affects the
claimants named in the bill. Manifestly, it
seems to me that this is all the claimants each
would ask. They presented against the Gov-
ernment a claim consisting of several items.
The bill of particulars, so to speak, contains
several items. The Navy Department allowed
some of the items in the bill and disallowed
others. The claimants say that they will accept
the award of the items which were allowed,
but they ask leave to sue the Government
again in the Court of Claims upon the items
which were disallowed. It does seem to me
that this would be an extraordinary act on the
part of the Government. I must insist upon
it that these claimants should either waive this
award altogether and go into the Court of
Claims, which stands wide open to them, and
there maintain their suit for the whole amount.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest to the Senator
that the court does not stand wide open to
them unless we open the door by legislation.
Mr. HOWE. This claim arises on con-
tract. What is the difficulty of their going in
there? I suppose the court was created for
that express purpose. But if there needs
legislation to enable them to go to the Court
of Claims, that legislation can be had; and if
they are going there for any part of the claim
it seems to me they should go for the whole.
I am willing that they shall lake this award if
they will take it and be content with it; I
am willing that they shall go to the Court of
Claims if they will go to the Court of Claims
for the whole of their account; but I do not
think it is fair to ask us to pay a part of their
accounts, which the Navy Department has
found to be just, and go to the Court of Claims
to recover that portion of it which the Navy
Department has found to be unjust.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I hope that
this amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin
will not be adopted. The bill now under con-
sideration proceeds upon the idea that this
board ol examination has reported m favor
of certain claimants the amount which the
vessels cost them in addition to what they have
received, in consequence of the delay and
action of the Government; simply that, and no
more. There is another bill pending before
the Senate, that came from the same commit-
tee, authorizing these and other claimants to
go to the Court of Claims with their claims.
The amendment of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin would apply to that bill; or he could go
against that bill wholly and reach his point ;
but so far as this particular bill is concerned,
his amendment, in my judgment, is not perti-
nent. It is not possible for these claimants to
receive any thing more from the Government
unless the Government iu some way authorizes
them to receive it, or puts them inaposition to
go to the Court of Claims. _ What is claimed in
this bdl is simply what is their due arising
Irom the action of the Government. It is true
that they claim more. They claim that injus-
tice, in equity, they should be paid by the Gov-
ernment the dollars that they have expended
in building these vessels ; that they should be
paid what the vessels have actually cost them.
This bill, however, does not provide for any
such thing; it provides for payingthem simply
what it has cost them by the delay and action
of the Government; pure, simple justice and
no more. Beyond that, they claim that they
ought to be paid more ; but they do not ask it
in this bill, and they cannot get it unless Con-
gress in some way comes to their relief. When
we come to the other bill which proposes to
allow them to go to the Court of Claims, the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin
would be in order. It is iu order now, of
course; but it would be pertinent then.
It seems to me that this bill ought to pass
just as it is; and then if the Senate think the
other bill ought not to pass, let them come to
that conclusion or the amendment will be
proper there; but to ingraft this amendment
upon this bill would be unjust. Take, for in-
stance, the case of Secor & Co. By this bill
they are allowed about one hundred and fifteen
thousand dollars on three vessels. There are
three or four more vessels that they built on
which they lost large amounts of money. Tliey
ask that they may be allowed to go with the
other contractors to the Court of Claims for
these other vessels; but as I understand it,
this amendment, if adopted, would entirely
cut them off from that. Their claim on the
other vessels, not included in this report and
thi3 bill, is justas equitable as the claim of any
other contractors. I hope the amendment to
the amendment will not be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks.]
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
representation of southern states.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I now move
the reconsideration of the bill passed last even-
ing with regard to the rebel States.
Mr. DRAKE. I want to make an appeal to
the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will allow the
motion to be put, and then he can make his
appeal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon reconsidering the vote by which
House bill No. 1058 was passed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to lay that
motion on the table ; and on that motion I ask
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. YATES. I ask the Senator to with-
draw his motion, as I wish to make some
remarks.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only purpose of this
motion, as I understand, is to allow the Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Yates] to make a
speech." I think we cut him off pretty harshly
last night, and I am disposed to give him the
opportunity to be heard now.
Mr. CHA.NDLER. Certainly; I withdraw
the motion with pleasure under those circum-
stances.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon reconsidering the vote by which
the bill (H. It. No. 1058) to admit the States
of North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
Georgia, Alabama, and Florida to representa-
tion in Congress, was passed.
Mr. YATES proceeded to address the Sen-
ate. [See Appendix.]
Mr. SUMNER. If there is no objection, I
will now withdraw the motion for a reconsid-
eration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is withdrawn.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 598, to continue the Bureau for the
relief of Freedmen and Refugees, and for other
purposes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will allow me to call up ihe
banking bill, which I think will not occupy
much time. The Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cameron] desires to offer an amendment
to it. I do not wish to discuss it. It has been
up three times. It is a Senate bill, and if it
is to be passed at all, it ought to be passed to-
day. The Senator from Petinsylvaia wishes to
strike out one section of the bill, and I am per-
fectly willing to take the question on that
amendment without debate.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Yates] gave notice last evening that he
would move to proceed to the consideration of
the bill for the admision of Colorado to-day.
Mr. YATES. I move 
Mr. WILSON. I have the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts has the floor.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Illinois
has occupied the floor for a considerable time
to-day, and I desire now to call up the bill
to continue the Bureau for the relief of Freed-
men and Refugees, and for other purposes.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a House hill.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; and it is very im-
portant that it should be passed. The bureau
expires in a few days. This bill ought to have
been passed before, but I have yielded again
and again to other Senators. I do not believe
it will take any time. I should like to have it
disposed of to-day, if possible.
Mr. POMEROY. It must be passed before
the 1st of July, or else the Commissioner of
the Freedtnen's Bureau will be obliged to close
the office on that day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to antago-
nize any bill. The bill that I speak of is one
in which every Senator is as much interested
as myself. It relates to abuses in the banking
system which ought to be corrected.
Mr. WILSON. I know that. I agree with
the Senator on that subject; but I have moved
to take up this bill; it is important to pass it
as soon as possible; and I think we can dispose
of it in a short time.
Mr. YATES, I thought I had an under-
standing with the Senator from Massachusetts
this morning, that I was to be allowed to call
np the Colorado bill, which will probably lake
but a short time and not lead to much debate.
I hope we shall take up that bill.
Mr. WILSON. We can pass the bureau
bill in half an hour or so.
Mr. YATES. I will state, also, that I sub-
mitted a motion to take up the Colorado bill
last evening.
Mr. RAMSEY. And that motion was
pending when the Senate adjourned.
Mr. YATES. Besides, it is a bill germane
to the bills we have been considering—a bill
for the admission of a State. I think it will
take but a short time to pass it; there is very
little objection to it; and 1 hope the Senator
v/ill allow me to call it up. It cannot take a
long time to consider it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts withdraw his
motion ?
Mr. WILSON. I should be very glad to
have a vote taken on the bureau bill to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then stick to it, or I
shall insist upon mine.
Mr. YATES. I submitted a motion to take
up the Colorado bill last evening.
Mr. WILSON. 1 do not wish to take up
any of the time of the Senate in regard to the
order of business. I supposed that the Colo-
rado bill would come up the first thing this
morning, and be disposed of in probably an
hour, and that this bureau bill would be then
taken up. I have been begging and pleading
