2028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
iued to put this $15,000 in. No remonstrance
from the Committee on Appropriations could
restrain the Committee of the Whole from
making the appropriation. In vain did I im-
plore the committee to keep it out, saying if it
was proper it could be putin the Army appro-
priation bill in the Senate, and the House
could concur in it. Now, sir, I went to the
ordnance office and inquired in regard to the
matter, and 1 desire to have a letter from the
War Department on the subject read for the
benefit of the House:
Ordnance Office, War Department,
Washington, February 29,1868.
Sir: In answer to your inquiries of this morning,
I have to inform you that there has been heretofore
appropriated for the arsenal at Columbus, Ohio, in-
cluding the amount expended for the purchase of the
site, and the amount applied to the construction of
that arsenal taken from the general appropriation
"for arsenals," ยง373,838 91. There now remains on
hand, unexpended, and applicable to the construc-
tion of that arsenal, $48,271 52, whioh amount was
considered by this bureau sufficient to meet the wants
for that object for the next fiscal year, and ia still so
considered, and therefore no estimate was made,
and no additional appropriation is considered neces-
sary at this time.
The sum paid for the site of the arsenal was$15,550.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. B. DYER,
Brevet Major General and Chief of Ordnance.
Hon. E. B. Washburne, Chairman Committee on Ap-
propriations.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield
for a moment to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I was one of those mem-
bers from the State of Ohio who, when this
matter came up, as our colleague from the
Columbus district [Mr. Shellabarger] was
not here, thought there ought to be something
put in the bill for the arsenal at Columbus.
At that time we had this much intelligence,
that a considerable amount of money was
needed to complete the work, but we did not
know officially how much unexpended balance
there was on hand and we therefore insisted
that something should be put in in the Com-
mittee of the Whole, so that when the bill eame
into the House the subject might be before
us, and by that time we might know officially
how much is needed. I am very glad to hear
that a member of our delegation [Mr. Law-
re.\*ok] has written to the ordnance depart-
ment and to the War Department, and found
out substantially the same thing which the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburxe] has
discovered, namely, that there is a sufficient un-
expended balance for the purposes of the year,
and I trust, therefore, that the matter will be
pressed no further, but that the amendment
will be disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ What I
wanted to do was to call the attention of the
House to the manner in which we legislate
here. Gentlemen come in, and without any
knowledge or authority get appropriations
through the committee.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a question of
order. Is it proper for my collcaguc to lec-
ture the House in this manner?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yea. sir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, in
reply to the point of order, that the Manual
says the action of the House must not be criti-
cised.
Mr. BLAINE. It is only the action of the
Ohio members that the gentleman is criticising.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is no
criticism. It is highly honorable in gentlemen
to vote away these amounts of money.
Mr. MCJNGBN. I desire to say a word by
way of explanation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must
decline to yield further.
The question was taken on tlie amendment,
and it was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
Tlie latter motion was agreed to.
session for debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask unan-
imous consent that the session of the House
to-morrow maybe for debate only, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
There was no objection; and it was so or-
dered.
order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House proceed to the business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to re-
port back the Alabama bill, and after that, if
the House desires to go to the business on the
Speaker's table, they can do so.
The SPEAKER. The motion to go to busi-
ness on the Speaker's table has priority.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was aware of that;
but I thought the gentleman would forego his
motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must
insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
extension and renewal of patents.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 313) requiring persons applying
to Congress for tlie extension or renewal of
patents to give public notice thereof; which
was read a iirst and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Patents.
school property.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 389) exempting property in
the District of Columbia held and used for
school purposes from local taxation ; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire action on this
bill at the present time. It will take but a
minute. There is a necessity for its immediate
passage, or this property, held for school pur-
poses, will be sold for taxes. I desire to offer
a substitute for the bill so as to place all the
schools on the same footing.
The SPEAKER. The bill will first be read,
and then the substitute.
The bill was read. It provides that all the
real and personal property in the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia, now, or under the school laws of
the District, hereafter, to be held by the trus-
tees of the colored schools for said cities in
trust for the use of the colored schools, shall be,
as long as held for that purpose, exempt from
local taxation, and that it shall not be lawful
for the authorities of either of said cities to
collect any tax that may have accrued or been
levied or assessed against any of such property,
since the said trustees acquired title to or right
to occupy or use the same for school pur-
poses.
It also provides that all real and personal
property in the county of Washington, District
of Columbia, outside the limits of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, now or hereafter
to be held and used for school purposes, shall
be exempt from taxation, and that it shall not
be lawful for the authority of said county to
collect any tax that may have accrued or been
levied or assessed against any such property
since the same was acquired for and has been
held or used for said purpose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 move the following
amendment to the bill by way of substitute:
strike out all after the enacting clause and in-
sert in lieu thereof the following:
That all real and personal property in the District
of Columbia now under the school laws of paid Dis-
trict, or hereafter to be held by the trustees of col-
ored schools for the cities of Washington arid George-
town, and by the board of commissioners of primary
schools of Washington county, District of Columbia,
in trust for the uso of colored schools, shall be, so
long as held for that purpose, exempt from local tax-
ation, exceptsuon as are authorized by the charter
of said cities, and by the law establishing the levy
court of the county of Washington for special pur-
poses; and it shall not be lawful tor the municipal
authorities o( either of said cities, or the levy court
of the county of Washington, to collect any tax that
may have accrued against, or been levied or as^ssed
upon, any such property since said trustees ot col-
ored schools or board of commissioners of primary
schools, as the ease maybe, acquired the title or right
to occupy or use the same for such purposes, except
such taxes as may have accrued, or been levied or
assessed for special purposes as aforesaid.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That itshall be the
duty of such member of the board of trustees of the
schools for colored children in the cities aforesaid,
as now is or shall be, by said board of trustees, from
time to time, hereafter designated or selected to act
as treasurer thereof, to give separate bonds every
year to the municipal authorities oJf said cities of
Washington and Georgetown respectively, with two
sureties each, to be approved by the mayors of said
cities respectively, in a penal sum to be fixed annu-
ally by the mayors of said oities respectively, for
the safe-keeping and faithful disbursement of such
moneys as shall, from time to time, be paid to said
trustees by the municipal authorities of said cities
for educational purposes, under and by virtue of the
provisions of the eighteenth and nineteenth sections
of the act of Congress, approved June 25, 1864, "to
provide for the public instruction of youth in the
county of Washington, District of Columbia, and for
other purposes," and the declaratory act, approved
July 23,1866, "relating to publie schools in the Dis-
trict of Columbia."
Sec. s. A nd be it further enacted. That it shall not
Wfe lawful for said trustees oi the schools for colored
children to expend in either of said cities moneys
received under the provisions of said acts from the
municipal authorities of the other.
The question was upon agreeing to the sub-
stitute.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will explain the dif-
ferences between the substitute and the Senate
bill. The substitute provides that the trustees
of colored schools who have the handling of
the money for school purposes shall give bond
for its faithful distribution according to law;
and it further proposes to put the property of
the colored schools on the same footing, in re-
gard to taxation, with the property belonging
to white schools. The reason why this bill
should be passed at this time is that, in the
deeds conveying the property to the trustees
of the colored schools, they are not described
as trustees, but the property is deeded to cer-
tain persons who are named. Consequently
the property is now assessed for taxes like
other property held by individuals.
Under general law property in this District
held for school purposes is not taxable, except
for special purposes under special laws, for the
improvement of the property, &c. Now, it is
proposed to put this property on the same foot-
ing, besides requiring the trustees for expend-
ing the funds for the colored schools to give
bond for its faithful distribution. That is all
there is in the bill. The reason why it should
be passed now is that this property, having
been assessed for taxes, and the taxes not hav-
ing been paid, it is advertised for sale to satisfy
the taxes upon it. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to amend the title
so that it would read: " An act exempting
certain property in the District of Columbia,
held for school purposes, from local taxation,
and for other purposes."
The amendment to the title was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enlargement of capitol grounds.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 54, to enlarge the public
grounds surrounding the Capitol, and for other
purposes; which was taken from the table and
read a first and second time.
Mr. GARFIELD moved that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
naval powder magazines.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 118, for the
appointment of a commission to select suit-
able locations for powder magazines; which
was taken from the table, and read a first and
second time.
