644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
to it. For wise purposes God has made a diversity of
races and nations, and men must conform their polit-
ical theories to this law or else expect discord and
trouble." , , , lL 4
" For our own part we are one who believed that
wheu our Government became invested with the ex-
traordinary powers inevitable to a state of war it
ought to have made use ot those powers for establish-
ing the colonisation of Africa as our policy with re-
spect to our Atriean population. Wo thought that
tho Government should enter into an agreement or
contract with every negro regiment which it raised to
servo for a certain time and receive its lands iu Atriea,
No State could subsequently annul this compact, and
it would have been a much better method ot abolish-
ing slavery than the wretched course ot tinkering the
Constitution for this purpose which was pursued by
the Administration. It was but a narrow view to
take of our national obligations to suppose that these
obligations were satisfied by the "mere knocking on
the chains from our slaves. The blood and treasure
so profusely lavished in tho war should have brought
a much higher return than this. It should have in-
sured the best possible good, not only to ourselves,
but to Africa and to all mankind. It should have in-
sured an ultimate separation of the races and an end
to tbe predominating influence of the unhwnogene-
ous elements from the Old ^ orld that aro intruding
upon our nationality."
*  ** * **
"It would have been far bettor to rearard every
glare that fell into the hands of the Government
troops as areeapturedslave, and to treat hiin accord-
ingly, as all recaptured slaves are treated, namely:
return him to Africa, than to leave him as he is, a
melancholy prey to the party contests, the cupidity,
the prejudices, and the convenience of the whites.
It is plain to see that the offering him a vote is like
giving money and whisky to the Indian for his lands
—that he is merely made use of as an evil to counter-
balance that other evil, the European vote, and that
he is ultimately to fall a sacrifice to the rougher na-
ture of the white race, to our final hurt."
" The dominant party in tbe United States, doubt-
less claim philanthropic motives in seeking to ex-
tend political rights to the negro, but it is an empty
endowment to oii'erhim mere political equality with-
out an eligibility to social equality, without an eligi-
bility to intermarry with our race and to hold high
stations of honor and profit with them in the Army
and Navy and in civil life, which few believe that
he'will ever enjoy. But which is the higher order of
philanthropy—to give the negromere politicalright*
in the United States, without landed possessions and
without social or civil equality, or to give him a
country where he can enjoy all, not only ]>olitical
equality, but the possession of land and social and
civil equality and national life and character?
" We have, it must be acknowledged, many able
colored men among us: but why do they persist in
staying here where their ability ia looked upon with
disfavor, and where it is not needed, and not enter
upon the great and inviting field of labor in Africa,
where their abilities are needed? When there is
■uch a demand for able men in Liberia, why has our
Administration held out fallacious inducements to
able colored men to remain here, where there is no
• need of their services?
" But is it, indeed, thought by our politicians that we
have need of the negro to complete the subjugation
of the rebellion, and that we cannot do without him ?
Do they admit that all our armed hosts, all our im-
mense treasure, and all the republican qualities of
the white race have not been sufficient to conduct
the war of the rebellion to a successful issue, but
that to accomplish this end we are dependent upon
the black race? If so, we are indeed in a very hu-
miliating condition. jNothing could be more so than
to owe our safety to the race which we have so long
oppressed."
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor.
national banks.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to offer a resolution calling for information ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:^
Sttolvcd, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to this House any informa-
tion in his possession concerning the loan by any
national banks ol tho United States, in violation of
•ection twenty-nine of the national currency act, of
any portion of their capital in excess of the limit
provided by said act, upon railroad or mining stocks
at fictitious values, and whether he has any informa-
tion in his possession that any officers of such banks
are engaged in speculative operations in such stocks,
which involve the capital and credit of their respec-
tive institutions; and that in the event ot his not
being in possession of the necessary facts to lurnish
this information, he take immediate steps to cause
proper examinations to be made, and to adopt such
measures as will compel a compliance by said banks
with the provisions of the national currency act.
No objection was made.
Mr. BROOKS. I think the gentleman ought
to specify, so that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may know what he wants. As I under-
stand the resolution there is no specification
in it.
Mr. LOGAN. I guess the Secretary will
understand it when it goes to him.
The resolution was adopted.
restriction of importations.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into tho expediency of so
amending the tariff laws as to restrain importations
so as to throw the balance of trade largely in our
favor by which tho specie product of the country
may be retained at home, and thus a coin basis be
provided sufficient for an early resumption of specie
payments without any further contraction of the
currency.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. I do not rise to make
any objection, but I ask the gentlemau from
Pennsylvania to modify his resolution so that
it shall require the balance of trade to be in
our favor any way. [Laughter.]
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
maritime exhibition at havre.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a letter from the Secretary of State in
relation to the maritime exhibition at Havre;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
reconstruction again.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now withdraw the mo-
tion to recommit the bill, and move the amend-
ments to section two and section five, which I
send to the Clerk's desk, and upon the amend-
. ments and the bill itself I demand the previous
question.
The Clerk read the amendments, as follows:
On page 2, line nine, (in section two,) after the
word and" insert "is authorized at his discretion;"
so that it will read:
And is authorized at his discretion to remove by
his order from command any or all of said command-
ers and detail other officers. <fcc.
After the word " aforesaid " in line four of section
five insert the following:
Or any refusal or willful neglect of any person to
issue any order or do any aet required by this act, or
1 either of the acts to which this act is additional and
i supplementary, with intent to defeat or delay the
due execution of this act, or eitherof the acts to
which this is supplementary; so that it will read:
' sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That any inter-
1 ference by any person, with intent to prevent by
force the execution of the orders of the General of
' the Army made in pursuance of this act and of the
acts aforesaid, orany refusal or willfulneglect of any
person to issue any order or do any act required by
this act, or either of the acts to which this act is ad-
ditional and supplementary, with intent to defeat or
delay the dueexecution of this act or eitherof the acts
to which this is supplementary, shall be held to be a
high misdemeanor, and the party guilty thereof shall,
upon conviction, be fined not exceeding £5,000, and
imprisoned not exceeding two years.
Mr. BUTLER. I appeal to tbe gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw the previous question
to allow me to offer the amendment which I
had printed for information.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must insist on the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mt. BUTLER. Then I hope the previous
qnestion will be voted down.
Mr. LOGAN. I would ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] to allow me to sug-
gest an amendment for his consideration.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will hear it.
Mr. LOGAN. The second section of this
bill provides that "the General of the Army
of the United States is hereby authorized," &c.
Would it not be well to amend that so that it
would read, "the General or other military
officer who shall or may be placed in command
of the Army of the United States is hereby
authorized," &c.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot at present yield
for any such amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. Ifthe President should relieve
General Grant there would be no medium
through which the law could be enforced.
Mr. BINGHAM. We could soon supply
that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And the President
could not relieve General Grant without the
consent of the Senate.
The question was upon seconding the call for
the previous question ; and being taken, upon a
division there were—ayes 01, noes 49.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] thirty
minutes of the time to which I am entitled under
the rules to close the debate.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, it is always
an invidious task to argue a question after it
has been virtually decided. The Committee
on Reconstruction, through their organ on this
floor, propose to hold the parliamentary power
they have, and will not permit any amend-
ments to be offered to their bill. As a friend
of the measure I desired to perfect it, or at
least bring before the House, as I may now
only succeed in bringing before the country,
an amendment which I think is necessary to
its more perfect action. I trust I may say here
without offense that a committee which hits
tried four times to get their measure in a right
form aud failed each time on their own con-
fession might have been a little modes:, in pre-
venting even the consideration of amendments.
I think, at least, they might have permitted
the House a vote upon such amendments as
were proposed without choking us down with
the previous question; but the committee have
decided otherwise. I do not mean to say that
the committee have failed in their bills on any
proposition of principle; but I do mean to say
that in my judgment they have failed in mat-
ters of detail necessary to the working success
of their plans of reconstruction.
1 I have no difficulty with the .great question
which has been argued here as to the consti-
. tutionality of our acts in this regard. There
are at least three several provisions of the
Constitution of the United States under which
all we have done may be well maintained.
But if I had ever had any such difficulty the
time for stating it has long since passed. I
understand that the constitutional objection
urged upon the other side is that this bill tends
to take away from the President of the United
States his power as Commander-in-Chief of
the Army of the United States. I find by ref-
erence to the law that when the grade of Gen-
eral was revived he was authorized to command
only during the pleasure of the President of
the United States. I have before me the law
establishing the grade of General. It provides
for the appointment of "a person of courage,
skill, and ability, who, being commissioned a 
General, may be authorized,, under thedirec-
tion and during the pleasure of the President,
to command the armies of the United States."
This is the only authority for having any General
at all.
But in March, 1867, tacked on to the appro-
priation bill there is a provision—
" That the headquarters of theGeneralof the Army
bhall be at the city of Washington; and all orders c -l
instructions relative to military operations issued by
the President and Secretary of War shall be issues
through the General of tho Army, and in case of hie
disability through the next in rank. The General of
the Army shall not be removed, suspended, or re-
lieved from command, or assigned to duty elsewhere
than at his headquarters, unless at his own request,
without the previous approval of the Senate; and
any orders or instructions relating to military oper-
ations issued contrary to the requirements of this
sections shall be null and void."
And I find this legislation printed as having
been approved by the President of the United
States; therefore, if I had any doubts before
they would be resolved now. Certainly no
man has hitherto attempted to interfere with
the action of this provision of law.
While I say it is quite competent for Con-
gress to put all this matter of reconstruction in
the hands of the General of the Army, and I
trust it will be so put, at least so much of super-
vision over it as will require unity of.action by
the commanders of the several districts, still,
in my judgment, the details of the bill require
some revision, in order that a system and offi-
cers of civil governments'in the rebellious States
may be set up and appointed at once which
shall afford to loyal men and the friends of the
Government security for life, liberty of action,
and exemption from outrage until these States
shall be again represented in the Congress of
the United States. This I have attempted to
provide for in the amendment which has been
printed for the information of the House as a
