1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
649
substitute for the first section reported by the
committee.
1 have ventured to bring to the notice of the ,
House this amendment to the bill, proposing
to permit the officers of the civil governments
in the States to be selected and appointed by
the constitutional conventions of the several
States, after they shall have framed their con-
stitutions and put those constitutions before
the people for their ratification. 1 am told that
the district commanders will do this under the
bill as it stands. To this i answer that although
the district commanders have had the power
toappointsuch civil officers ever since we passed
the first reconstruction bill last March, yet they
have not done it, and the State governments in
those States are still under rebel control; and
because they have not done it our friends, the
loyal men of the South, are suffering and the
cause of reconstruction is endangered. There
has not been an hour since last March when
these appointments might not have been made
by the district commanders under the authority
oi'Congress. Will Hancock raaketheseappoint-
ments.' Can Meade do it ? Hancock says he
will not, and Meade says he cannot do it. Yet
we insist on going on in this same direction by
the bill now before us without remedying the
evil. Meade telegraphs he cannot find loyal
men enough in Georgia to till the State offices.
I can easily understand why he says so. He
goes there a stranger ; he knows nobody ; he
has no ources of information. How can he
find at once fit men, loyal and true, pathmasters,
overseers of the poor, justices of the peace,
constables, coroners, county supervisors, and
the thousand and one officers necessary for the ,
minute machinery of civil government over so
large a territory as that of the empire State of
the South? But our loyal friends in the con-
vention coming from every county, precinct,
and district, can find them, can designate them;
and therefore the amendment I offer proposes
to put this power in the hands of the conven-
tion, which can and will exercise it ratherthan
leave it solely in the hands of the commanders
who cannot and who have not exercised it.
The adoption of this proposition will, I
think, entirely silence a principal objection
orged by the other side of the House. They
claim that by our reconstruction measures we
institute State governments over the people of
the South wholly by military command. I pro-
pose instead to institute State governments
under the authority of the convention of the
people elected by the people forthe very purpose
of organizing government, who are to put down
the very foundations of government. I pro-
pose that the convention shall begin the work
of reorganization of loyal State governments at
once; that it shall select the officers as well as
institute the governments of the State; that it
shall in every way and in every form set in
motion all the machinery of government; ema-
nating from the people, representing the peo-
ple, this body shall set up the government of
the people loyal and true to Union, and that
government shall remain in force until the State
is admitted to representation in the Union, and
until an election is held under the constitution
which they shall frame and the people shall
ratify. The amendment further provides that
when these officers have been selected by the
convention the military power shall come in
only to approve, to confirm, to install, and to
support.
Mr. Speaker, I have said all that I care to
say upon the operation of the amendment. I
bow proceed to consider Some of the objec-
tions to its action. It has been objected that
if we give this power to the convention the
convention will fail to exercise it. Can this
be possible? If I understand the condition
of things in the South it is one of tvranny to
loyal men, both white and colored, such as
never yet has been seen since the South had
an existence. Heretofore the master owned
the slave and had some interest in well-treat-
ing him. Now the colored men of the South
•re substantial ly without protection, eith er from
the power of the Government o'r from the in*
1 terest of the owner in their well-being, which
formerly insured them at least safety and food. I
Sir, let me tell you, as one form of this tyranny, ;
that the former masters, who are still the land-
owners, (for we have left the lands in their pos-
session, so that the negro of the South can-
not yet get a foot of land which he can call
his own,) refuse to hire any negro unless he
will agree to vote the way that his employer
orders: and thus he is forced to forsake his
old friends, and, even further, to go down on
his knees and say that he is sorry for his loy-
alty to the Union before he can be allowed to
fulfill even the primeval curse, to earn his
bread by the sweat of his brow. I beg leave,
sir, to send to the desk a cony of the Rich-
mond Examiner of the 17th of December, con-
taining an article recommending that tho con-
tract, which shall thus reenslave the negro,
therein set forth, shall be enforced all over the
South, and was agreed by the conservative con-
vention at Richmond, as I have been informed,
to enforce that contract as a course of policy
to overthrow our reconstruction.
The Clerk will oblige me by reading. i
The Clerk read as follows:
" From another county one of the m£st distin-
guished of the eminent men of Virginia informs us
that tho plan of employing no negro who belongs to
these vile oath-bound leagues and midnight gather-
ings, is working admirably. The negroes are leaving
the leagues by the scores and dozens, and the people
have no difficulty insecuring their labor at fair prices.
We are indebted to this distinguished gentleman for
a copy of a paper which the people of nis county re-
quire the negroes to sign or no work. As the people
in other counties may desire to profit by the exam-
ple we append a copy of this paper, which may serve
them as a suggestion for something of the same sort
in their own respective localities. The following is
the paper referred to:
"'The undersigned, freedm en, voted at the late
election the Radical ticket. We did so because we
had been led to believe that our late masters, if re-
stored to power, would seek to reenslave us. Satisfied
now that they entertain no such intention or desire,
and fully alive to all the evils which must arise
among a divided people, and which cannot be bene-
ficial to either, but must beinjurious to both, wo have
determined, for weal or for woe, to cast our lot among
those with whom we have been raised, and hereafter
to eodperate with them in all the measures designed
to preserve the harmony, promote the interests, and
consolidate the power of the community of which we
are a part and in which we live. And such of us as
belong to any organiiation of our race, hereby (as
they are advised they have an undoubted right to do)
renounce all connection therewith, fully, completely
and forever.
"' Witness our hands this day of—, 1867. "
Mr. BUTLER. Now, Mr. Speaker, will you
tell me how much we have done toward recon-
struction while no man can get employment
without he signs away his manhood by such a
paper as that? What have we done toward
the protection of our loyal friends when we
have left governments in force under our re-
! construction bill which sustain such contracts
! as that? If I am told the conventions will
not appoint new State governments which will
remedy the evils under which our friends and
! the friends of the country suffer, I answer, your
,! district commanders have not. If I atri told
' it is dangerous to leave it in the power of the
j conventions to fill these offices lest they should
not act with promptness and efficiency, I an-
swer, it is still more dangerous to leave it in
I the power of the commanding generals of the
districts, who either say they will not or can-
II not a<5t.
!' I am told we shall have under this new bill
; one general over all—General Grant—and
I' therefore we shall get a different state of facts.
!j To that I answer, General Grant has now all
I; the power you are going to give him by this
!: bill, because under the law I have just read
ii the President can transmit no order except
jl through him, and by the other reconstruction
H acts he has full control of the district com-
manders. Therefore, without saying by a word
whether he has done right or wrong in permit-
ting these State governments to exist to our
detriment and the oppression of loyal men, I
only say he has not suppressed them and sup-
plied their places with officers true to our
cause and the cause of right. If yon allow
the present state of things to go on, from my
experience of the South, from what I learned
by a recent visit there, by what I learn -from
an extensive correspondence there, from what
I learn from day to day in the telegrams com-
ing to my table praying for and urging this
very proposition which 1 have presented to the
House, reconstruction in half of the States of
the South has failed, and we are responsible
for the failure. If you empower the constitu-
tional conventions to elect all State officers,
protect and instal them by the military power,
and put them in the full exercise of their func-
tions, from that time you have legal State govern-
ments in every State of the South, giving pro-
tection to our friends in every form in which
protection is derived from all the ramifications
of State government, and the States are in fact
reconstructed with governments republican in
form and in fact, only to be superseded by the
governments set up under the new constitu-
tions.
In any plan of inaugurating these govern-
ments under the bill without amendment the
insuperable difficulty is of getting appointed the
governors, judges, supervisors, overseers of the
poor, justices of the peace, and all similar
officers. The district commander has neither
the time nor the physical power even, what-
ever may be said of the legal power, to make
these appointments. And if he attempts to
remove a single officer see how he is thwarted
and the reconstruction hindered.
Why, sir, how stands it to-day? Let us see
what the power of a commander amounts to ill
practice toward helping reconstruction. Gen-
eral Meade went down to Georgia with every
intention to do right. He orders Governor
Jenkins to allow money to be taken from the
treasury of Georgia to pay the convention, ac-
cording to the act of Congress. What then ?
Governor Jenkins refused. What then? Gen-
eral Meade puts in another governor, an officer
of the Army. What then ? He puts in a new
treasurer, another officer of the Army. He
opens the treasury doors, to find what? That
Governor Jenkins had sent all the money in
the treasury to New York, subject to his own
order, and for the very purpose of preventing
General Meade from getting a dollar of it.
And thus, without a full reorganization of the
State governments, the whole power of your
district commander is defied and set at naught,
and General Meade telegraphs he cannot find
loyal men to hold the offices, and therefore he
cannot reorganize the State government of
Georgia. What are we here for, sir, but to
legislate to meet just such a state of facts as
this ?
We are called radicals ; but by our legislation
we only touch the topmost branches, never
seeking to cut up the roots of all this trouble.
We do not come to the trunk of the tree, much
less at the root of the evil.
Now, sir, have I overstated this matter? I
hold in my hand the National Intelligencer—
always good authority when any wrong is
done—from which I read :
"Fkom Geobgia.—It is reliably stated that there
are no funds in the State treasury, allhavingbeen re-
moved in view of the probability of such a seizure."
In Mississippi, too, the convention of the
people was not allowed to sit until it was in-
sulted by a gas company, organized under the
State government, requiring security for the
gaslight which might be used by the conven-
tion assembled to reorganize the organic law
of the State under the authority of Congress.
Yet what remedy did Ord or Gillem give either
the convention or Congress—for both were
insulted this contumely? This is the temper
in which you are met, and of such are the
State governments composed which for many
months you have kept there, and which you
you propose to keep there, go far as any remedy
under this bill is to be had; for, I say again,
your district commanders, however much they
desire to do, have not and cannot make these
governments what they should be—in friendly
relations with Congress, a stay and protection
to the friends of the Union, and a terror to evil
doers.
What other or better remedy can be proposed
<br these so great evil's ? The only rtmedy,
