1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4077
department on the subject of this bill as it
came to the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after
line fifty-five:
For presents to Indians, $5,000.
i: or provisions for Indians, $11,800.
Mr. HOWE. I must ask for an explanation
of that.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that it has
been usual in years past to make a small ap-
S.'opiiation, and put it in the power of the
epartment at certain times when it is sup-
posed that something in the way of an amica-
ble feeling may be encouraged with Indian
tribes, to use a small amount of money in
making presents. It has heretofore been ap-
propriated, and the Department ask that it
should be done now. As a general thing I
am not very favorable to making these pres-
ents ; but the Department thinks that it will
facilitate their operations to have a small sum
appropriated.
The $11,800 asked for provisions ought cer-
tainly to be appropriated. I can state to the
Senate what I understand to be the object of
that appropriation. Sometimes it becomes
necessary tor superintendents or agents to
notify Indians to appear before them, and some-
times Indians from other tribes visit them, and
on occasions of that sort it is absolutely essen-
tial during the time of the visits to support the
Indians that come. It is a very small amount
of money, and I suppose it can be profitably
used. Something of course ought to be had
for occasions of that character. The Senate
will see at once that occasions may arise where
peace commissioners make visits from one
tribe to another, where it is necessary to make
expenditures, where the Department ought to
have some fund at its discretion to pay these
expenses. As to the presents, I care but lit-
tle about that item.
Mr. HOWE. I suppose substantially both
appropriations are for presents. Whenever the
Indians are called to a conference with the
agents or officers of the Government, it is on
the business of the Indians themselves, and
they are always able to travel. The means of
locomotion, being provided by themselves, are
always at hand. They are never at a want for
such facility. It appropriates just so much
money for which there is no just account-
ability, and I think the sooner we drop off
these expenditures, which are not requiredby
any law, not required by any treaty, and which
I submit with ail respect are not required by
any necessity of the service, the better, pome
down to the contracts existing, and abide by
those, and make new ones when these existing
ones are found inadequate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Missouri from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 11, noes 4; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HOWE. There is evidently a dispo-
sition to agree to this amendment. The chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs him-
self says that one branch of it is not necessary.
I do not think either is necessary. I hope the
Senate will not insist upon an appropriation
on which both committees are at least indiffer-
ent or disagree. I hope the Senate will not
force any money out of the Treasury.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose, in order to
compromise the case between the two commit-
tees, it would be well perhaps to withdraw
that part of the amendment which relates to
presents and let the other go, if that will be
satisfactory to the Senator. I have no desire
to press against his wishes the first part of the
amendment; bvt the latter portion of it the
Senator will see from the explanation I have
made may be very necessary. I suppose if
the money is not needed by the Department it-
will not be used, but will remain in the Treasury.
There are occasions when this money might
well be used beneficially to the Government,
and I think that that portion of the amendment
anyhow ought to be adopted. I will withdraw
the first part of it, " for presents to Indians
$•5,000," and renew the amendment "for pro-
visions for Indians $11,800." Both these ap-
propriations have been made regularly from
the year 1836.
Mr. HARLAN. I am perfectly amazed that
anybody who has any conversance with this
subject should object to this little appropriation
of $5,000 for presents to the Indian tribes
numbering some three or four hundred thou-
sand, with whom we are constantly in commu-
nication. Take, for instance, a case where
the Indians steal a white woman or child and
carry it off. Friendly Indians go and steal it
back, and the agent has to recognize this ser-
vice and give the Indian who released the white
child or white woman a few dollars in silver to
encourage this fidelity to the Government. It
is a branch of the service in which it is impos-
sible to get along without an appropriation.
Somebody will have to spend the money; and
if you do not appropriate it, it will have to be
taken out of the salaries of some of the em-
ployes of the Government.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is this an appropriation of
$5,000 for presents for all the superintenden-
eies in the country?
Mr. HENDERSON. That is it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is there no other appro-
priation for that purpose?
Mr. HENDERSON. None other.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I am surprised that
the Committee on Appropriations should hesi-
tate a moment about it. How can a superin-
tendent of Indian affairs treat with Indians
unless he has the power to give them a little
tobacco and flour and powder and things of
that kind when visiting them? How is he to
effect anything ? Mere reasoning with them, as
you would among Senators here, will not effect
anything. They sometimes, as the Senator
from Iowa very properly says, render very
great service to us, and it is desirable to encour-
age such service, and we must reward them in
some way. When a large body of Indians are
to be treated with, they must be fed of course;
you must have an ox at least, a couple of bar-
rels of flour, and a box of tobacco, and by this
means you effect a great deal, save an expend-
iture of much money in some other way, pos-
sibly avoid war, and save trouble. These little
presents made in due and proper time may be
very efficacious in that way. The Indian de-
partment from the beginning of the Govern-
ment has had to use money in this way. Five
thousand dollars, as the Senator from Iowa say s,
for three or four hundred thousand Indians
is a very small matter indeed. If they were
concentrated in a small territory it would be
different; but they are scattered over the whole
continent, there are some half a dozen or dozen
superintendencies, and of course each superin-
tendent will require a portion of the money to
expend among the Indians under his charge.
It is a very small thing, and I do not think the
Senate ought to hesitate a moment about it.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The Chair i
will put the question again on this amendment, j
Mr. HOWE. I do not know but that, 1 shall |
have 'to yield, if the Senator from Minnesota
is sure that these tribes are not as reasonable
as the Senate. I do not know but that !f>y,000
may be necsssary to keep a few hundred ,
thousand of them in peace and amity with the :
people of the United States. But when it is j
seriously argued here in the Senate that $5,000 :
serves any good purpose in keeping peace with j
all the Indian tribes between the two oceans, I
can only reply that that idea may answer in
the Senate, but it would be laughed at in any
Indian lodge between these two oceans. I do
not think we are buying captive women back
with this money. I do not believe that that is
the way our authority is maintained. I do
not know, I never have seen any account of
the manner in which this $5,000 is disbursed.
It is said to have been regularly appropriated
since 183(5. The Senator from Missouri thought
it was not essential; the Committe on Appro-
priations thought it was not essential; but other
Senators seem to think it is indispensable. I
shall submit to the vote of the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I men-
tioned the word " woman" to which the Sen-
ator has just referred because I happen to
know personally of a case of that kind within
the last three years. One tribe of Indians
captured a woman on the frontier and took her
off to the mountains. The officers interested
some friendly Indians in an attempt to recover
her ; and they sent out some runners for her,
and finally negotiated a pony or two and brought
back the captive woman, and the President of
the United States ordered that fifty silver dol-
lars should be given to the Indian who had
sold his ponies to the other tribe for this cap-
tured woman.
Mr. HOWE. Did it come outof this fund ?
Mr. HARLAN. Out of some such fund.
Where else did it come from ?
Mr. HOWE. The President had no control
of this fund.
Mr. HARLAN. He controls all these mis-
cellaneous disbursements, if he chooses. It is
for such purposes that these little appropria-
tions are called for and are necessary.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. The last vote we had dis-
closed the fact that we were without a quorum.
I do not think that we can go on until there is
a quorum. It was announced by the Chair that
we were without a quorum. How are you
going to get over the want of a quorum ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was an-
nounced by the Chair that there was not a
quorum voting.
Mr. POMEROY. The only evidence that
there is a quorum here is that a quorum votes.
That is the evidence to the Chair; and when
the Chair says that there is no quorum voting
the presumption is that there is no quorum
here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
now sees a quorum present.
Mr. POMEROY. The Chair's judgment
that there is a quorum does not alter the
record.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, which
was in lines fifty-six and fifty-seven to strike
out "$5,000" and insert "$10,000;" so that
the clause will read :
For buildings at agencies and repairs thereof,
$10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nest amendment was in lines fifty-eight
and fifty-nine, to strike out "$20,000" and
I insert "§36,500;" so that the clause will read;
I For contingencies of the Indian department,
! $3G,5U0.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighty-nine,
after the head line "Apaches" to insert "Ki-
owas and Comanches."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out
| from line ninety to line one hundred and six,
' inclusive, in the following words:
For third of forty installments, to be expended
under the direction ot the Secretary of the lute) tor.
according to the terms of the second article treaty
October IT, 1805, §10,000.
1 For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
; necessary, for the transportation of goods, provisions,
&-c„ purchased for the Apache Indians, according
to the terms of thesame'artieleof same treaty, §2,000.
Arapaho and Cheyenne Indiana of the Upper
Arkansas river:
For third of forty installments, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
according to the terms of the seventh article treaty
of October 14,1865, $40,000. , . e
For transportation of goods, provisions, &c„ pur-
chased for the Arapaho and Cheyenne Indians ot tnu
Tipper Arkansas river, $10,000.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
For the first of thirty installments provided to be
expended under thetenth articleof the treaty of Octo-
