2030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
thinks the House will be at the bar of the
Senate. It will come up in all probability on
Tuesday after the morning hour.
Mr. PRICE. I think the House is anxious
to adjourn but I wish to have the privilege
some time of replying to my two friends, the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn]
and the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
BLrBNE.]
The SPEAKER. The subject is now before
the House, and the gentleman will have the
floor when it next comes up.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. Trowbridge, on account of sickness
in his family, was granted leave of absence
for two weeks.
Mr. Brooks and Mr. Donneixy were granted
leave of absence for one week.
RIGHTS OF ADOPTED CITIZENS.
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following substitute, which he gave
notice he would move for the third section
of House bill No. 708, concerning the rights
of American citizens in foreign States, and
the same was ordered to be printed:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, (That whenever it
shall be made known to the President that any citi-
zen of the United States has been airested and is
detained by any foreign Government in contraven-
tion of the intent and purposes of this act. upon the
allegation that naturalization in the United States
does not operate to dissolve his allegiance to his
native sovereign; or, if any citizen shall have been
arrested and detained, whose release upon demand
shall have been unreasunably delayed or refused,
the President shall bo. and hereby is, empowered to
make reprisals on the high seas, or to arrest and de-
tain in custody any subject or citizen ot such foreign
Government who may bo found within the jurisdic-
tion of the United States, and the President shall,
without delay, give information to Congress of any
proceedings under this act provided Congress shall
be in session, and if not in session he shall convene
Congress by proclamation for the purpose of consid-
ering and determining what further action shall be
taken by which to vindicate tho rights and main-
tain the honor of the American Government.
And then, on motion of Mr. IvOONTZ, (at
four o'clock and ten minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rules, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of R. H.
Hardaway, president of the South Georgiaand
Florida railroad of Thomasville, Georgia, for
an appropriation by Congress to aid in the con-
struction of said road.
By Mr. CAKE-; The petition of Henry 8.
Bonerand others, citizens of Schuylkill county,
Pennsylvania, in favor of speedy action upon
the question of protection to labor; cautioning
Congress that a tremendous influence will be
brought to bear upon this body by the enemies
of labor at home and from Europe, and par-
ticularly from England, in the shape of money
and other means to defeat a protective tariff',
and the longer it is delayed the more potent
this influence will become among those who
are indifferent on this subject.
By Mr. COVODE: The petition for a mail
route from Curlsville to Callenburg, Pennsyl-
vania.
By Mr. DONNELLY: A series of concur-
rent resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Minnesota in relation to the improvement
of the St. Croix river.
Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature of
the State of Minnesota, in relation to the estab-
lishment of a United States land office in the
lied River valley.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the
State of Minnesota, asking an appropriation
to construct a wagon-road from Fort Aber-
cronibie down the Red River of the North.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of sol-
dieis and sailors, asking that medals may be
given to volunteers in the late war.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of Rev.
James Sinclair, of North Carolina, for relief
from political disabilities.
Also, the petitiou of Spartan D. Goolett, of
South Carolina, for removal of political dis-
abilities.
By Mr. LINCOLN: A memorial of mer-
chants, bankers, and shippers, of New York
city, for an American line of steamships to
Europe.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of John
Nazro & Co., H. C. Bradley & Co., A. Mein-
ecke, and 30 others, importing firms of Mil-
waukee, for the enactment of a law to provide
that imported merchandise received at any
port of the United States and directed by in-
voice and bill of laden to any other port of
entry may be forwarded for entry to the cus-
tom-house at the port of destination without
entry, warehousing, bonding, or other delay, at
the port of arrival under suitable regulations.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of manufac-
turers of morocco, of Baltimore, Maryland,
praying such an amendment of the revenue
laws as will permit the free importation of
sumac and goatskins, and an increase of duty
on manufactured morocco equal to average
premium on gold.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of James
Middleton, for an increase of pension.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of Mrs.
E. H. liudd, widow of the late Commodore
John Rudd, deceased, praying that she be
gianted a pension.
Also, the petition of sundry cigar manufac-
turers of the first congressional district of
Pennsylvania, against proposed legislation
having in view the placing of stamps on each
cigar.
By Mr VAN TRUMP: The petition ot
Joseph Thompson and 11 others, citizens of
Fairfield county, Ohio, praying for the estab-
lishment of a post road from the city of Lan-
caster, Ohio, via ITartzler and West Rushville,
to Rushville, in said county.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of T. C.
Bushnell, A. H. Myers, and 6 others, citizens
of Ashland, Ohio, asking the reduction of
taxes and expenses of the General Govern-
ment.
By Mr. WINDOM: A memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, praying for a grant
of lands to the Minnesota and Missouri Rail-
road Company, to aid in the construction of a
railroad from the Minnesota State line to the
Missouri river, at Yancton, Dakota Territory.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Min-
nesota, in relation to the reduction of the rate
of postage to foreign countries.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 21, 1808.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the petition of J. Wheaton, of Florida, praying
that lie may be relieved from civil disabilities
imposed on him by acts of Congress; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, praying such
legislation as will give protection of American
labor and industry; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of New
Mexico, praying a confirmation of the Rio
Grande land grant to the actual settlers who
have occupied, improved, and lived upon the
land for the last ten years, and against the con-
firmation of an old grant the conditions of
which have not been complied with ; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Minnesota, infavorof the estab-
lishment of a United States land office in the
valley of the Red River of the North ; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to bo printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of an appropria-
tion for the improvement of the St. Croix
river ; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of a grant of land
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
the Minnesota State line to the Missouri river
at Yancton, Dakota Territory; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. VICKERSpresentedapetition of manu-
facturers of morocco, of Baltimore, Maryland,
praying for such an amendment of the revenue
laws as will permit the free importation of
sumac and goatskins and an increase of the
import duty on manufactured morocco equal
to the average premium on gold; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BAYARD. I present the petition of
Pusey, Jones & Co., and about seventy-five
of the principal ship-owners, shipping mer-
chants, and others interested in the commerce
of the city of Wilmington, Delaware, in ref-
erence to the improvement of the mouth of the
Christiana river. They state, what I can con-
firm from my own knowledge, that during
stormy weather it is the only safe harbor of
refuge for vessels between the Delaware break-
water and the city of Philadelphia; and the
consequence is that the narrow channel is often
completely filled by vessels, so mneh so that
on several occasions the passenger boats plying
between the cities of Philadelphia and Wil-
mington have thereby been prevented from
entering the river. They ask, therefore, that
Congress will take some action for the purpose
of deepening and widening the river at its
mouth. I move the reference of"the petition
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Samuel N. Miller, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
454) for the relief of Samuel N. Miller. The
bill was read and passed to .a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 279) for
the relief of William Henry Otis, reported it
with amendments, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 266) to regulate the foreign and coasting
trade on the northern, northeastern, and north-
western frontiers of the United States, and for
other purposes, reported it with amendments.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
455) to reorganize the Post Office Department
and fix the pay of its officers; which was read
twice byits title, referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post lioads, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 127) expressive of the thanks
of Congress to Dr. Isaac I. Hays; which was
read twice byits title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
POST KOOTE BILL.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom were referred
the amendments of the House of Represent-
atives to the amendment of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 328) to establish certain post
roads, have instructed me to report it back and
recommend a concurrence in the amendments
ot the House with a few additional amend-
ments, and I hope they will be acted on at once.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendments of the House of
Representatives to its amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest that there is no
