1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
imity without a precedent in the political con-
tests of this age, or of any age. It was rejected
with scorn and contempt by those who bnt yes-
terday lifted their hands in violence against
the holy temple of our liberties.
To-day, sir, we stand here, the Represent-
atives of the people, to adopt and use such
means as will enable such as have returned to
their loyalty and such as never struck hands
with those who engaged in this mad revolt to
accept this condition, and in the language of
the bill "be restored to political power in the
Union."
But, say gentlemen, you ask South Carolina
before she is admitted to accept the constitu-
tional amendment and ratify it. Most un-
doubtedly. Gentlemen say if she is not a State
capable of exercising the political powers of a
State within the Union-can she ratify and ac-
cept the amendment? Most undoubtedly. Gen-
tlemen reply it is impossible for South Carolina
to exercise this power of ratification until she
shall have been restored to representation in
Congress.
Sir, I tell the gentlemen that the question
which they raise was settled more than thirty
years ago under the administration of Presi-
dent Jackson, by almost the united vote of
Congress, instructed in their decision by the
elaborate opinion of his then Attorney Gen-
eral. The people of an organized Territory,
without any previous action of Congress au-
thorizing what they did, exercised those rights
which by the express terms of the Constitution
are to be exercised only by States in the Union,
namely, the election of two Senators to the
Senate of the United States, which your Con-
stitution declares in words can be chosen Only
" by the Legislatures of the respective States
of this Union.'' They also elected a Represent-
ative to theCongress of the United States, which
the first article of your Constitution declares
shall be done only by the people of the several
States. The people of that Territory did this
months before they were admitted to this Union.
Yet, sir, what they did was not undone; for the
Congress of the United States, exercising the
authority vested in it by the people, affirming
what the people had done, by relation, made
their acts valid; and from that day to this no
man in America has challenged the legality of
the proceeding.
The ratification of the fourteenth article of
amendment is what we demand of the insur-
gent States in the name of the people. Gentle-
men on the other side say this shall not be done.
Let the people decide between us, whether
those States shall impose taxation indefinitely
to reimburse the cost of their rebellion and to
make compensation for emancipated slaves;
whether they shall come into this Hall and the
Hall at the other end of the Capitol, and in
the persons of their Senators and Represent-
atives repudiate and violate the plighted faith
of this nation. The nation that violates its
faith is dishonored and must die. That is the
issue which is made here. That is the issue
upon which we go to the people. That is the
purpose for which we enact this law. We say
to the General of the Army, "Carry out the
provisions of this act in good faith," that the
people of the States lately in insurrection may
be speedily restored to political power in the
Union.
My colleague, [Mr. Caky,] rises in his
place and asks, " Is the General of the Army
responsible if he violates this law and tramples
upon the rights of the people?" I regret that
my colleague deemed it his duty to make any
such inquiry. Sir, the General of your Army,
like all executive or judicial officers of this Gov-
ernment, is neither above the people nor above
the power of the people's laws. The General
of your Army is but the creature of a congres-
sional enactment. The breath that made him
General may unmake him to-morrow. I an-
swer, ray colleague further that, if the General
of the Army be guilty of any violation of this
law, he is liable, by the very terms of the fifth
section, to be arraigned before a civil tribunal
of the United States upon indictment, held to
answer for his high misdemeanor, and upon
conviction must take his place in the peniten-
tiary and pay a forfeit not exceeding five thou-
sand dollars, as provided in the bill. I trust
that my colleague is altogether satisfied with
the severity of the penalty.
Another objection raised by these gentlemen
is that by this bill we invade the province and
power of the judiciary. Sir, I respect the
national judiciary as much as any gentleman
who volunteers here to be its defender. But,
sir, in this contest I cannot forget if I would
the utterance of that profound man, Montes-
quieu, who, speaking of the three departments
of Government, legislative, executive, and
judicial, declared what every man knows to
be the truth touching the power of each to
deal with those questions which go to the
foundations of civil government, that the "ju-
diciary is next to nothing." It has neither
force nor will, nothing but judgment, and no
power to execute that save at the pleasure
of the Executive. The judiciary has its func-
tions to perform. I am perfectly willing that
the judiciary should be left free and untrain-
meled in the faithful and honest performance
of those functions. But, sir, the judiciary of
the United States has no power to review the
political questions intrusted exclusively to the
legislative department of this Government,
among which is that involved in this legislation
whether a community is or is not a State within
this Union, and whether it has or has not a
republican form of Government. This ques-
tion has long since come before that high tri-
bunal, the Supreme Court of the United States,
and it has solemnly decided that it is a question
for the political department of the Govern-
ment and that the decision of it by that depart-
ment concludes the judiciary.
Why, sir, it must be self-evident that if the
judiciary of the United States has the power to
intervene in this matter and decide to-day, con-
trary to the decision of Congress, that South
Carolina has now a republican form of govern-
ment and.is entitled to exercise political power
in this' Union, the same judicial tribunal may
also intervene and decide to-morrow the very
converse of that proposition in regard to Ohio.
If the Supreme Court of the United States can
decide of one State that it has a republican gov-
ernment and is entitled to exercise political
power in<he Union, it may decide as to all the
residue of the States that they have not repub-
lican governments and are not entitled to exer-
cise political power.
Why, sir, that would put it in the power of
a bare majority, as the law now stands, of the
court to pronounce final judgment against the
life of this nation. The nation's life is under
the shelterof thenation'slaws. The Supreme
Court cannot touch that question. Sir, when-
ever the Supreme Court dares to interfere with
that question and decide it against the declared
decision of the legislative power of the nation,
it lays violent hands upon the very ark of the
covenant of the people, and ought to suffer
instant annihilation. Let that tribunal recog-
nize without challenge as conclusive the broad
seal of the State of Ohio when it comes there
by force of the act of Congress, and so of every
other State in the Union.
Why, say gentlemen, this could not apply to
the original States. I beg gentlemen's par-
don; it does; for that same court declares this
recognition of the existence of the constitution
of every State government in the Union is
solemnly declared by Congress every year in
the admission of Representatives to this floor.
There is no room for controversy about this
question. But it is further objected to the bill
that there is no grant in the Constitution author-
izing Congress to vest in the General of the
Army power to detail officers of the Army as is
therein provided. Permit me to say that it
is expressly provided in the Constitution, as
though to meet this very emergency, that the
"Congress shall have power to make rules,"
that is, laws, "for the government and regula-
tion of the land and naval forces." Why, said
Mr. Madison, it is the very essence of execu-
tive power faithfully to execute the laws, and
faithfully execute the laws in manner and form
as the laws themselves prescribe for their exe-
cution. That there might be no mistake about
it, that even the wayfaring man might not err
therein, the makers of the Constitution used
the words in the instrument itself, that the
President, who is vested with Die executive
authority, shall take care that the laws be faith-
fully executed, and that he should not evade in
any manner the discharge of this high trust—
they took care further to provide that he should
be bound by oath—that adamantine chain which
binds the consciences of men to the throne of
eternal justice—to execute to the letter this
requirement of the Constitution and faithfully
execute the laws.
Mr. CARY rose.
I Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot yield now. Let
, the President discharge faithfully his duty,
let him regard the obligation of his official
oath, and all is well with the Republic. Gen-
tlemen need not speak of the law oppressing
anybody or wronging anybody or outraging
anybody. No such legislation is proposed. It
was the right of the victorious people of the
Republic to make inquest for blood all over
that land which is ridged with the graves of
your unreturning braves, and consign the
guilty either to the darkness-of the grave to
sleep the sleep of death in a felon's tomb, or
to go into returnless banishment. As one of
their Representatives, I say it with pride and
gratitude, the people have otherwise decreed.
That great ana generous people only insist that
civil governments shall be restored, and restored
speedily, in accordance with their own law, over
that vast belt of country lately blasted with
armed rebellion. That country is three times
the area of the empire of France, and is capable
of furnishing homes of abundance and comfort
to three times the population of France, more
j than one hundred million freemen. It is a part,
[ sir, of your native land and mine, and I stand
| here as the Representative of the people to
insist that it shall rise from its ashes, clothed in
the form and dignity of law, and invite thither
the industrial power of the representatives of
every civilized nation of the globe, and pay its
tribute from year to year and from generation
to generation to the Treasury of our common
country in order to make good our plighted faith
to the living and dead defenders of the Republic.
Let this be done, Mr. Speaker, and all is well
with the living millions and the millions who are
to come after us. Let this be done, and the
dream of the illustrious founders of the Repub-
lic will be fully and speedily realized. Let this be
done, and that word, the Republic is saved, will
go out Over all the earth ana shake the founda-
tions of every tyrant's throne and compel every
despot to hold the reins of power with a trem-
ulous and unsteady hand. Surely something
will have been gained for humanity, the world
over, when in the land of Washington, of Mad-
ison, of Jefferson, and Franklin, filled with a
people second to none among the nations of
the world, it shall be acknowledged that before
the majesty of their law every human being
is equal—equal in the rights of person, equal
in those rights which are as universal as the
material structure of man, equal in those rights
which are the gift of God, and to protect which
governments are instituted among men. I
submit that gentlemen do but imitate the ex-
ample of those who contrived this rebellion
years ago in the councils of the nation, by the
arguments which they adduce here in answer
to what we have said and what we say now in
support of this measure. When I repeat the
utterances and reiterate the deathless words
of your immortal Declaration, every one of
which, like the words of Luther, were half bat-
tles, gentlemen rise in their places, as their
predecessors did years ago in the Senate, and
declare that the words of the Declaration are
but glittering generalities, rhetorical flourishes,
and the self-evident truth itself, that all men
are created equal and endowed with the rights
of life and liberty by the common Father, who
is the God of all the nations, is, after all, but a
