1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
8055
Congress has any right t* disfranchise any
whitelnan in the southern States and to enfran-
chise any negro for the purpose of giving the
political power into the hands of th# colored
race.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not answer
the question. My friend is still evasive. I
must cross-examine him a little further. Sup-
pose we grant that for the sake of the argu-
ment, and agree that the southern communi-
ties are to decide ; does he mean to have that
question decided by the men who were engaged
in rebellion and the otherwhite men, excluding
the blacks from a voice in that decision, or does
he mean to leave it to the whole body of the
community ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. In my judgment it
must be left to the men who are authorized to
decide it under the laws and the constitutions
of the States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What laws and what con-
stitutions?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The constitutions and
laws in force. The Senator knows very well
that I hold the doctrine that the constitutions
of the States came down through the rebellion,
that there was no power in the rebellion to
destroy a State government, to destroy a State
constitution, that those acts of the southern
States were void which were in aid of the rebel-
lion, that the constitutions came down through
the rebellion, and that those constitutions
define the political community of each State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is perfectly satis-
factory. We now have my friend from Indiana,
and of course his party, standing upon this
simple platform, which I, for one, am willing
the whole country should know ; and that is,
that the political power in the South still right-
fully and constitutionally resides in the very
men who engaged in rebellion, and nobody
else; that is to say, in the white men of the
South, those who were authorized in 18G0 to
exercise political power, excluding everybody
else. He and his party, therefore, wish to
turn over these communities that we have
wrested out of rebellion into the very hands
of the rebels themselves and nobody else, and
to leave this black race at their mercy. I am
willing to meet him even in Indiana on that
Question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should be very happy
to see the Senator from Vermont in Indiana.
[Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will go there about the
time of the gubernatorial election. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. At any time that it
will bo convenient for him to visit that State it
will give me pleasure to meet him.
Mr. DRAKE. If the honorable Senator
from Indiana will allow me a word, I would be
obliged if he would answer a question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Indiana
has several times in the course of his remarks
this morning referred to a tact which has been
repeatedly referred to in like manner by gen-
tlemcn on that side of the Chamber, to wit, as
he states it, that we disfranchise enough of the
white race there to give the balance of^power
or predominance to the black race. ^ ill the
Senator from Indiana be so kind as to state
whether he has ever investigated the question
of the number of white men that are disfran-
chised in the jnanner that he speaks of? If
he has, will he be so kind as to state what is
the result of his investigations? If he has
investigated it I am free to say that I shall
attach a good deal of importance to the result
of that investigation so far as he is concerned.
Mr. IIF.NJ) RICKS. Mr, President, I believe
I am too modest to repeat myself as authority
in the Senate. On the 30th of January last I
had occasion to discuss tbese_ questions, atid to
discuss the particular question to which the
Senator now refers; and il the Senator will
regard it as not offensive, I would reier him to
my lemarks upon that occasion in answer to
his inquiry.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the Senator, then, allow
me one other word before I sit down. ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. The constitutional amend-
ment disfranchises nobody in the southern
States but those who had before engaging in
rebellion taken an oath of allegiance to the
United States in order to hold office and after-
ward engaged in rebellion. Now, sir, I am
enabled to state on that point that there resides
in the State of Ohio a gentleman of national
reputation, the commissioner of statistics of
that State, a statistician who is probably with-
out a superior in this country. I refer to Ed-
ward D. Mansfield, doubtless well known by
reputation, if not personally, to the honorable
Senator from Indiana. He has investigated
this subject, and I would say, that after his
investigation has been made, I presume no.
better investigation could be made, except by
an actual polling of the inhabitants of these
southern States; and he estimates that the
whole number disfranchised by the constitu-
tional amendment in all the ten rebel States
does not, and cannot in the nature of the case,
exceed forty thousand.
Now, sir, if the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana has ever investigated that subject, and can
arrive at a better conclusion than that, I should
like to know it from him; because if that be
anything like the fact of the case—and any one
can judge of that by just remembering the terms
of the amendmentand the scope of it over those
States—then it takes away the very foundation
of fact upon which the remarks of the Senator
from Indiana on that subject go,, _ and the
remarks made by his political associates. It
is impossible, if there are only lorty thousand
men in the whole ten rebel States that are dis-,
f'rauchised by our action here, that the effect
of that disfranchisement, coupled with the en-
franchisement of the n egro, should be that which
the Senator and his political associates describe
it to be.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And thatis only from hold-
ing office by the amendment, not from voting.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir; exactly. There is
a point still further, that they are not disfran-
chised from voting ; they are only disfranchised
from holding office. These two facts being
taken into consideration, that only forty thou-
sand of them are disfranchised for any purpose,
and none of them barred from going to the
polls in those States and voting, I do not exactly
see how the position which the gentlemen on
the other side of the Chamber are so fond of
ringing the changes upon can really be a ten-
able one before the country, or can amount to
anything in the political canvass on which they
are now entering.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
from Missouri whether he understands the
amendment known as the fourteenth article to
have been adopted?
Mr. DRAKE. I have heretofore stated, as
my individual opinion, that it is not adopted,
and, therefore, that there is at present no dis-
franchisement, except by onr act of Congress,
and that extends only to the formation of these
governments.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Exactly so, Mr. Presi-
dent. Therefore it is not important to consider
what persons will be disfranchised under that
amendment. It is only important to consider
what persons you have disfranchised in your
reconstruction policy by the laws of Congress.
By those laws, as I now recollect, you disfran-
chised not those only who took an oath in
accepting an offi.ee, but all who at any time
heretofore held an office under the Govern-
ment of the United States or of any State
and participated in the rebellion. I think the
act of Congress waived in its disfranchisement
the condition that the party should have taken
the oath which is mentioned under the amend-
ment known as the fourteenth article.
But, Mr. President, I do not believe at all
in the estimate to which the Senator fiom
souri refers. It is necessarily but a matter ot
opinion as to the number of persons that arc
disfranchised. You take the southern States
and guess as you can how many persons there
are in those States who have ever held an office
and who participated in the rebellion. I cannot
very well guess, because there are no statistics
that-enable mo to form an opinion; and the
person in Ohio to whom the Senator from
Missouri refers can have no facts upon which
to base an opinion, because there are no statis-
tics that show the number of persons now alive
who held office in the southern States and who
participated in the rebellion.
Some two weeks ago I had a conversation
with a very distinguished gentleman from Ala-
bama, and he expressed the opinion to rae that
in that State alone the act of Congress disfran-
chised in this reorganization from twenty-five to
thirty thousand persons. He is a citizen of
that State, a gentleman prominently connected
with public affairs, and a gentleman in whose
opinion I have great confidence. He expressed
the opinion to me that in that State alone the
exclusion of white persons would be twenty-
five or thirty thousand.
I have heard the opinion expressed—how
far I rely upon it it is not necessary for me to
say; not with entire confidence, because it is
but an opinion—that in all the southern States
the disfranchisement amounted to three hun-
dred thousand persons. But the result of the
elections in the southern States has shown, we
know the fact, that the onerace has thepower,
and that the other race is stripped of power.
It is apparent, plain, palpable ; and now, my
argument was that it is necessary for political
results to control the votes in _November of
these colored people to maintain the organi-
zation which has been brought about through
the loyal leagues and otherwise; and to do
that it is necessary to have this paid band of
partisans which this bureau will continue.
The Senator from Vermont has expressed,
to his own satisfaction, what he supposes to be
my views. I do not accept,of his statement
of my views. I choose to state them myselt.
Sir. President, I have opposed this policy on
the part of Congress of regulating suffrage in
the States. I do not think that in a northern
State, or a southern State either, Congress has
the power under the Constitution to say who
shall vote for or against a State constitution,
and who in the southern States shall vote for
or against a candidate for Governor. I think
it is expressly given in the Constitution to the
State government to define the right of suffrage,
and that it was a usurpation on the part of
Congress to declare who should be the electors
of members of the Legislature in the different
States ; for I think it is expressly in the Con-
stitution left to the States to decide for them-
selves
In the State in which I live my voice has
been, and* I have no doubt it will continue .to
be, against the enfranchisement of the colored
people. I am in favor, in the State of Indiana,
of governing, as we have in times past, through
the power, the voice, the judgment, the patri-
otism of the white race. If in any other State
the negro becomes enfranchised by the act
properly of the State government, it is satis-
factory to me. I have no war to make against
Massachusetts because she allows the colored
people to vote. It was her judgment It is
ner will and pleasure under the Constitution
of the United States. She has the right so to
decide. I make no war against it. I have no
objection that in the State of New York a qual-
ified suffrage is given to' the colored man; for
it is the business of New York to decide that
question for herself. So in Indiana; we wilt
decide it in that State according to the pleas-
ure of the white people. In every State I claim
the same is the constitutional rule; that there
can be no condition of affairs that gives to
Congress the power of declaring who shall be
a voter for a member of (he most popular
branch of the Legislature, for the reason hat
the Constitution in express words leaves that
to the decision of the State government.
Mr President, I have said more upon this
