1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2081
necessity for reading either the amendments
of the House of Representatives or those now
reported by the committee. They are simply
the establishment of numerous post roads.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing will be dispensed with, if there be no ob-
jection, and the question is on concurring in
the amendments of the House of Represent-
atives with the amendments reported by the
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that is done I
should like to know whether there is any legis-
lation here, or anything beyond the simple es-
tablishment of post routes.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is not a particle of
legislation, but simply the establishments of
post routes.
The amendments to the amendment were
agreed to ; and the House amendments, as
amended, were concurred in.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 832)
making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1809.
The Committee on Appropriations reported
the bill with an amendment, to insert in line
thirteen, after the word ''dollars," the words
"under the act approved March 3, 18G5, en-
titled 'An act relating to the postal laws;' " so
as to make the item read:
For foreign mail transportation, $420,000, under the
act approved March 3, 1865, entitled "An act relat-
ing to the postal laws."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was reported to the
Senate, and the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read the third time. It was
read the third time, and passed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I now move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the Army appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 058) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1809, and for other purposes, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was after the word '' source,''
at the end of line twenty-threeof the first sec-
tion, to insert " except appropriations made by
act of March 2, 18G7," and after the word
" Treasury," in line tv.'enty-five, to insert " at
the close of the current fiscal year so as to
make the clause read :
For medical and hospital department, $200,000:
Provided, That all sums that have accrued to the
ereditof the medical and hospital department from
the sale of medical and hospital stores, or from any
oth&r £outce, except appropriations made by act of
Match 2,1867, are hereby covered into the Treasury
at the close of the current fiscal year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike outlines
tliirty-two and thirty-three of the first section,
in the following words :
For expenses of the signal service of the Army,
«5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bili was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the second sec-
tion ought to be stricken out, but if that be
done we shall have to change the appropria-
tion for transportation of the Army.
Mr. GRIMES. Before this bill passes I de-
sire to say a very few words. I have seen it
stated in various newspapers, in telegraphic
dispatches from this city, and also in editorials,
that the Senate Committee oil Appropriations
have been exceedingly extravagant in the ap-
propriations they have been willing to make
for carrying on the public business. The
statement is to the effect that, under the lead
nf that committee, the appropiiation bills for
the different Departments of the Government as
they have been sent to us from the House of
Representatives have been vastly increased.
Now, the truth is that not a single appropriation
bill sent to the Senate from the House of Rep-
resentatives has been increased, and not a sin-
gle one has been sent to us that has not been re-
ported back from the Committee on Appropii-
ations to the Senate considerably decreased,
and the bills have not been increased by the
Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Have none of the items
been increased?
Mr. GRIMES. The aggregate has not been
increased; the amounts have sometimes been
changed. While I say this, Mr. President, I
am also frank to say that I think that, in a great
many instances, the appropriations ought to be
increased; and, among others, that several
items of appropriation in this bill ought to be
increased. I will instance only one or two,
and they are items to which Senators who
represent States interested in the protection
of the frontier ought to give some attention.
The amount appropriated by this bill for the
transportation of the quartermaster's depart-
ment is §5,000,000. It is proposed in the
future to prevent using an appropriation made
to one bureau of the W ar Department to
carry on the operations of another bureau of
that Department; so that during the next fiscal
year there will be allowed for the transporta-
tion of the entire Army of the United States
only $5,000,000. Before the war, in 1859-00,
we appropriated for this purpose between
two and three million dollars; I believe the
amount was something over two million three
hundred thousand dollars. That was at a time
when the Army consisted of eleven thousand
men, when they were almost all of them in
forts and cantonments, and not required to be
moved much, and when the expenses of mov-
ing troops were not one half per man what
they are to-day. We now have about fifty
thousand men, and the necessities of the coun-
try may require that they be moved from point
to point, during the year.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator how much the estimate was for that
item.
Mr. GRIMES. The estimate was $13,000,-
000, and that estimate was submitted by Gen-
eral Rucker, who, I think, is one of the most
economical and in every way best officers con-
nected with the service that I know.
Then, again, in regard to the cavalry, an
estimate was made by the Secretary of War
and submitted to us for §1,700,000 for the
remount of the artillery and cavalry horses.
General Grant's revised estimate was $1,000,-
000. The House of Representatives has seen
lit to strike that entirely out, and the Senate
committee have not felt justified in putting it
in. I understand that the refusal to make this
appropriation is based upon the fact that it is
said the General-in-Chief of the Army has
issued, or is about to issue, an order reducing
the number of men to the minimum allowed by
law. Now, sir, the order that was made by
General Grant in regard to the reduction of the
Army does not apply to the cavalry at all; it
only applies to the infantry. Tt is said, how-
ever, that he is about to make such an order in
regard to the cavalry. He may make such an
order or he may not. Of course, that will
depend altogether on the condition in which
we shall find ourselves with regard to the In-
dians when the spring opens and the grass be-
gins to grow. If the commission, of which the
Senator from Missouri is a member, shall suc-
ceed in preserving peace by buying it of the
Indians, it is very possible that the cavalry force
can be greatly diminished ; but if they are not j
successful, and some of these Indian tribes go
to war with us, we shall need the entire cavalry
force in order to protect the frontiers.
Then, again, suppose an order to diminish
the number of men to the minimum shall take
effect, it will lequire two or three years to ac-
complish it. You cannot diminish them at
once. You are only going to decline to reenlist
the men at the expiration of their terms of en-
listment, and in that way it will be observed
that you will not accomplish the reduction be-
fore the end of two years, the men being all
enlisted for three years.
Mr. President, this is all I have to say in
regard to this bill. I think that the best way
for us is to look at our condition fairly and
squarely in the face, make just such appropri-
ations as we believe or have any reason to sup-
pose the public exigencies of the country may
require. If it is not necessary to remount the
cavalry it will not be done, as a matter of
course; and if it is not necessary to move the
Army from one portion of the country to another
it will not be moved, and the expense will not
be incurred. The fact that we make a large
appropriation is no evidence that we are going
to spend a large amount of money; and merely
to reduce appropriations is no evidence of true
economy, in my estimation. I would a good
deal rather make the full appropriations needed
to-day than to come in before we adjourn with
a large deficiency bill and take the responsi-
bility before the country of having made a false
estimate.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, it may be
that the Army appropriation bill appropriates
too small a sum of money; but I believe we
had better accept it as it came from the House
of Representatives than to attempt to increase
it. I trust the condition of the country will
be such that we may be able to reduce the Army
within ninety days, and reduce it largely.
Mr. GRIMES. How are you going to re-
duce it ?
Mr. WILSON. There is no trouble in re-
ducing the Army if we wish to do it. I take
it, if we were to say to the men who are in the
Army that they would be discharged if they
wished it, we could discharge half the Army in
twenty-four hours. I do notthink there would
be the slightest difficulty in reducing the num-
ber of men in the ranks of the Army. The
difficulty to be encountered is in getting rid of
the large number of officers. But if the con-
dition of the country generally, and of the fron-
tier especially, should be favorable, if we are
to have no Indian war this year, it seems to
me we may be able to make a reduction before
the close of the present session. The only
thing in this bill that I feel any anxiety about
is the appropriation for the quartermaster's
department. It was thought a larger sum would
be necessary ; but the amount sent here by the
House of Representatives being $5,000,000 it
was deemed best by our Committee on Appro-
priations not to increase it.
I believe we ought to make these appropria-
tion bills at the lowest possible rate. It may
be that we shall make them lower than we can
carry out; but it onght to be impressed on
every department of the Government that every
dollar must be saved that can be saved. If we
have a small deficiency it may bring up the
question sharply before us whether we shall
increase taxation, or whether we shall cut down
expenses in every direction where they can be
cut down. There isa general complaint in the
country—we all join in it here—that our ex-
penditures are larger than they need be, and
certainly we ought to bring them down to the
lowest possible point. We have entered on a
system of reducing our taxes, and the chairman
of the Committee on Finance told us the other
day that we had entered on this system with the
understanding that we were to reduce our ex-
penditures. I think the Committee on Appro-
priationsaud the Senate ought to adhere rigidly
to that policy and reduce our expenditures
wherever we can. Therefore, I hope nothing
will be added to this bill, and that we shall
send it back to the House with the slight amend-
ments that have been made. I think we can
save that amount at any rate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out the
second section of the bill, after the enacting
clause, in these words:
That the sums appropriated for each of the several
items contained in this act shall be made up only by
computing the unexpended balance for such item
which may remain in the Treasury on the 30th of
June, 18(38, and adding thereto so much more from
