3056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
bill than I intended. I will close by repeating
that the continuance of this bureau upon the
pretexts that are now set up, pretexts that
were dissipated in the most emphatic manner
by the vote of yesterday, the continuance of
this burden upon the people of the country in
the present condition of their finances and
their business will be a grievous disappoint-
ment, and I think it is not justified by any
political necessity whatever.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I think we
have got the position of the honorable Senator
from Indiana pretty well defined in this mat-
ter. I think he has taken a large stride this
morning toward making himself a very accept-
able candidate of the Democracy for the Pres-
idency. 1 do not know that they could ask
much more of him. He says that we have dis-
franchised in the rebel States three hundred
thousand white men, and enfranchised all the
negroes, and thereby we have got the power in
those States. Sir, it is a very well-known fact
to the Senate and to the country, for which we
need not appeal to the Congressional Globe or
to the Journals of the Senate, that the Sen-
ator from Indiana voted against all the bills
that have been passed here which effected this
supposed disfranchisement of three hundred
thousand men. It is another well-known fact
that the supposed three hundred thousand were
disfranchised for no other cause than that they
had been engaged in the rebellion, and had
done all they could to destroy the Government
of the United States.
Now, sir, put this and that together, and it
is very manifest that ihe Senator from Indiana
voted against all those bills effecting that dis-
franchisement, with the idea in his mind that
if the bills were not passed the control and
the power of those States would be in the
hands of those very three hundred thousand
rebels and their associates in that country who
sympathize with them.
That is the first step. He is in direct sympa-
thy with that band of disfranchised rebels to
the extent that he would not have them dis-
franchised because of their rebellion. Why ?
Because every man of them is a good Demo-
cratic voter if he can get to the polls, and the
honorable Senator may, before he is a month
older, stand in a position where he would like
very we'll to have their votes.
But, sir, there is a very wide difference be-
tween the honorable Senator and his associates
on that side of the Chamber and the gentlemen
on this side; and it consists in this: that while
we would disfranchise rebels for crime against
their country, that the governments of those
ten States may pass into the hands of loyal
men, he would disfranchise the hundreds of
thousands of loyal men there to put those gov-
ernments in the hands of rebels, and do it for
no reason on earth but that the loyal man's
skin is black and the rebel's skin is white.
Very well, Mr. President, if the honorable
Senator is satisfied with his position on this
subject I am ; and all that remains to be said
about it is, that whether it be the honorable
Senator from Indiana or any other gentleman
of his party that is to become the standard-
bearerof that party, which would trample under
foot the loyal defenders and friends of the
country because their skins are black, and put
over them the traitors of the country because
their skins are white, he will find that the ver-
dict of the nation will not be quite as unani-
mous in favor of the proposition as he seems
now to think it probably will be.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the Senator
from Missouri takes his seat, if he would allow
me, I should like to ask him one question.
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand him very
distinctly to hold that the colored people of
the South ought to have the right of voting.
Does he believe the same in regard to. the
northern States ? Ought the colored people
to be disfranchised iti the State of Indiana, in
his judgment?
Mr. DRAKE. Beyond all question, sir;
over the whole length and breadth of the land
there ought to be a universal enfranchisement
of them.
Mr. FRELING-HUYSEN. Mr. President,
I understand that the Democratic party of this
country are opposed to the reconstruction meas-
ures adopted yesterday,and we have been told
that they intend to effect a reform of them
when they get into power, to have them
reversed and things put back to the condition
that they have been in. Now, I should like
information as to how it is proposed to accom-
plish that end in order that the country may
understand the issue properly. Does that
party, do the opponents of these measures,
purpose to have Congress interfere with suf-
frage in the States, and, thereby, according
to my opinion, go contrary to the Constitution
and thereby go contrary to all their declara-
tions in the past? Universal suffrage being
established a fixed fact, as it will be in thirty
days, how do they propose to effect their
reform? Do they mean to become the advo-
cates of the doctrine that the right to regulate
suffrage is with Congress, and not with the
States, and have Congress pass laws exclud-
ing from suffrage the colored people? There
is no other way in which it can be effected in
the States. Those who have got the suffrage
will hold to the suffrage; and if the Demo-
cratic party propose to adopt such a measure
as I have suggested to carry out their purpose
of excluding men from suffrage, they propose
to involve this country in more trouble and to
bring upon it greater evils than, I was going
to say, it has yet passed through. I believe
that this whole country will adopt the motto
of the leader of the great party of liberty and
raise the cry, "Let us now have peace."
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the honor-
able Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks]
assumes to speak for the people—to tell the
Senate what the northern people think, how
they feel, and how they will act. It hus come
to be the habit of that Senator to remind his
associates here of the feelings, sentiments,
purposes of the people. In view of the events
of the past eight years, of the predictions of
the Senator and his associates, and of the
results, I think he should be a little more
cautious in assuming to speak for the people
of the loyal States. In the immediate future,
as in the past eight years, the friends of the
unity of the Republic and the liberties of all
the people will see that their great work goes
on till it is completely achieved.
The Senator tells us we have admitted these
seven rebel States so that the negroes may
determine the result of the coming presidential
election. Does not the Senator know that
Congress, more than one year ago, presented
the terms and conditions of reconstruction to
the people of the rebel States? Does he not
know that the people of six of those States
hare complied with those terms and condi-
tions? Are they not here demanding admis-
sion ? Are we not bound by our plighted
faith to promptly admit them to representation
and to the rights of local self-government?
The purpose of Congress was to reconstruct
the country on the basis of loyalty and equality
of rights and privileges. We but redeem our
pledges and obey the will of the people in wej-
coming the erring sister States to their practi-
cal relations. I bid them welcome to the rights
and blessings of the Union. I defy any party
to undo what has been done—to turn their
representatives out of these Chambers. If
the Senator from Indiana can see nothing but
partisan purposes in the restoration of these
States ; if he can see nothing but an effort to
control the coming election by the negro vote,
I am sorry for his blindness. I assure him
that I do not expect to cany all of these recon-
structed Commonwealths, and that I do expect
to carry at least twenty of the twenty seven
States represented in this Chamber for the
great captain selected to lead the nation to
the crowning victory for patriotism, liberty,
justice, and peace.
Sir, the honorable Senator speaks of the
"burden" imposed tipon the country by the
Freedmen's Bureau. Burden put upon the
country oy the Freedmen's Bureau! Sir, I
state it as my deliberate opinion that the Freed-
men's Bureau has not put the burden of one
dollar upon the Treasury of the United States.
No, sir; not the first dollar. When the war
closed there were three and a half million
freedmen in the ten rebel States not repre-
sented here. They were without lands, with-
out houses, without property. They had toiled
for masters; so had their fathers for genera-
tions. The fruits of their unrequited toil had
been swept away in the fire and smoke of civil
war. The slave was free, but the master was
reduced to poverty; master and slave distrusted
each other; neither fully comprehended the
situation; disorganization rested upon the pro-
ductive interests of the South. Then, when
industry was paralyzed, when chaos reigned,
the Freedmen's Bureau was organized. It.
carried aid to the suffering, brought the old
masters and the emancipated bondmen into
new relations, organized labor, gave protec-
tion and security, and established order. The
intervention of the bureau added tens of mil-
lions of dollars to the wealth of the nation; and
God alonecan measure thebenefits it conferred
upon the race passing from the system of slave
labor to the system of free labor.
TJp to the 1st of January, 1868, the bureau,
at an expense to the Treasury of the United
States of $3,847,000, had, in two and a half
years, so aided in 'the organization of labor
that the nation had exported $300,000,000 of
cotton, and raised in taxes on cotton nearly
forty million dollars.
For every dollar drawn from the Treasury
to support the Freedmen's Bureau, ten dollars
at least have been added to the productive in-
dustry of the country. More money has been
put into the Treasury of the United States
from the tax on cotton, through the labors
and power of the bureau, than has been drawn
from the Treasury in support of the bureau. •
Financially the freedmen's Bureau has been5
a grand success; an element of incalculable
value in the productive powers of the_ nation.
As a measure of humanity, of relief for the
dependent, the bureau has achieved a mighty
work. Up to the 1st day of January, 18t;8.
eighteen million rations had been issued to
freedmen, and five million rations to white
persons. Mr. Emot, chairman of the House
Committee on the Freedmen's Bureau—a gen-
tleman who has given much attention to the
subject—states in his report, which 1 commend
to the attention of the Senator from Indiana,
that—
"Before the closeof the war large numbers of peo-
ple of all classes had been di-ivon from their homes,
and were utterly destitute. Many hung about the
camps of our armies, and picked up such scanty
means of living as their situation affoided. Com-
manding officers were obliged to issue rations irom
the commissariat to save multitudes from starving.
And when this bureau was established it assumed
the care of all these collections of dependent pau-
pers. At first no other humane course was possible
but to continue the issue of rations until order could
be restored, and a general return to industiial pur-
suits could bo effected. But stringent orders were
issued to 'observe great discrimination in adminis-
tering relief, so as to include none that are not abso-
lutelyneoessitous and destitute.' Tho exuct number
of persons relieved by military commanders in the
first months of confusion subsequent to the cessation
of tho hostilities cannot be ascertained, but tho
issues were large. Even as late as August, 1865, the
commissary general makes the total.148,120 persons.
But in September, when the bureau had become
organized, and the condition of applicants was more
carcittliy scrutinized, the number was reduced to
74,9ol; a very large number of these only receiving
half rations. From that date the issues steadily de-
creased, so that the average number per day for tho
year ending September 1, I860, was 29,819, nod for tho
year ending September 1, 1867, the dnily average
was 31,638 throughout all thesouthern btates. lheso
rations were given only to the sick, the iniirm, and
orphans, the classes who in all communities must be
cared for by some kind of public chai ity.
"In addition, however, to this regular relief fur-
nished through the bureau, Congress authorized, in
March, 1807, a general issue of provisions to pre-
vent starvation and extreme want in those southern
and southwestern States, where a failure of the
crops and other causes have occasioned widespread
destitution. Under this act corn aud meat weie
