1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4081
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I want
live or ten minutes to debate the proposed
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. SPALDING-. I cannot yield if it gives
i!3e to debate.
■wharves in oswefio harbor.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I ask unanimous con-
sent for leave to the Committee on Commerce
to report back a joint resolution.
There was no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Commerce direct me to report back
House joint resolution No. 296, giving the
assent of tlie United States to the construction
of certain wharves in the harbor of Oswego,
New 1 oik. The committee found no objec-
tion to its passage, but many reasons why it
should be passed. I am instructed to move a
proviso to I he joint resolution, that it shall be
subject to the approval of the engineer of the
Army.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, is as fol-
lows :
Joint resolution giving the absent of the United
States to the construction of certain wharves in
the haxbor of (Mvego, New York.
Whereas f ile common oouncilof the cityof Oswego,
in the State ot Now York, by resolutions unanimously
adopted Apiii 7,1863, and May 12,1868, in pursuance
ot the authority granted them by the Legislature of
New York, in the charter of said city, have given
pcrnn-sion to the owners of lots 11 and 12, also of
Jots J.-;, 14, 84, and 82, and of lots 15, 16,17, and 18, in
Fortification block, number two, in the first ward of
said city, to construct wharves in front of said lots,
seventy feet in width, and extending northerly so
that the north end ot said wharves may be on a line
with the north line of the Ontario elevator pier, but
not iess than two hundred and litty feet distant iroin
the nearest point of the United States pici, which
wharves will extend into the navigable waters oi
said harbor: Therefore,
Be it resolved bij the Senate and House of Tlersrescnt-
c't /}'■/: of the United State* of America t a Cong ress a.ssm-
bied. That the assent of tne United States be, and the
s.iirie is horebj', driven, so far as Congress has power
to five the same, to the owners ot the lots above-
mentioned to construct said wharves in accordance
with the terms of said lesolutions, subject, however,
to the approval of the engineer department of the
At my.
i :..; joint resolution, as amended, was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. CHURCHILL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and aiso moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tv. ii. cox, deceased.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported back House bill No.
1420, directing the Commissioner of Pensions
to proceed to hear evidence and determine the
right of W. H. Cox, deceased, late a sergeant
in company F, second regiment Pennsylvania
artillery, to a pension, in same manner as if
he was still living, he having died of disease
contracted while a prisoner of war at Ander-
eonville, Georgia; and if found to be entitled
to a pension, then the same from the time of
kis dibC'baige till death be paid over to his
father, Charles D. Cox, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third tune; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, I will give a
brief explanation of this bill. Wr. H. Cox, a
healthy young man of about twenty years of
age. residing with his father, Charles D. Cox,
in Lewisburg. Pennsylvania, the town in which
I reside, on the 10th. of February, 1864, was
enrolled and sworn in as a sergeant in company
F, second legiment Pennsylvania artillery.
That the regiment to which he was attached
was ordered to the front, and on the 2d of
June, 1804, at the battle of Coal Harbor, Vir-
ginia, the said W. II. Cox was taken prisoner
by the rebels, conveyed to Andersonville, Geor-
gia., and there confined as prisoner of war lor
about ten months. Then, being released, was
taken to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, at which
place he was, on the 8th of August, 1865, hon-
40tr Cong. 2d Sess.— No. 256.
orably discharged from Government service
in pursuance of a telegram from Adjutant Gen-
eral's office dated May 12, 1865. That he
returned to his father's, in Lewisburg, Penn-
sylvania, and being, in consequence of his treat-
ment in rebel prison, broken down in health,
and found by his physician to be incurable,
made application on the 14th of June, ]86fi,
for a pension; but before the evidence was
completed, to wit, on the 9th of July, 1866,
died, so that all proceedings before the Com-
missioner, in consequence of his death, were
suspended. Theobjeetof this bill, Mr. Speaker,
is to authorize and require the Commissioner
of Pensions to proceed to secure evidence and
determine whether said W. H. Cox was enti-
tled to a pension in same manner as if he was
still living, and if he decide that he was so
entitled, then the same, trom date of his dis-
charge till death, be paid to his father, Charles
D. Cox, who wants to apply that money to-
ward paying for a plain monument to mark the
grave of his son, who lost his life in the cause
of our country. I trust, Mr. Speaker, that this
bill may pass by a unanimous vote.
The bill was passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid_ on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
change of reference.
On motion of Mr. SITGREAVES, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on Military Affairs
were discharged from the further consideration
of the petitions of Almira Ambler and Alex-
ander Moffitt, and the same were referred to
the Committee of Claims.
commanders cilley and hughes.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, reported a joint
resolution (II. 11. No. 342) for tlie restoration of
Commander Greenleaf Cilley and Commander
Aaron K. Hughes, of the United States Navy,
to the active list from the retired list; which
was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was reported. It author-
izes the President to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, the aforesaid
commanders to the active list with the rank
they may be entitled thereon.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsidcr the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MOORITEAD. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Allow me
to offer a joint resolution.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I yipld to my colleague
on account of his indisposition.
"remission of duty on statuary.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. S42) to admit free of duty certain
statuary; which was read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution provides that the statue
representing the figure of Victory, intended to
surmount the monument in memory of Penn-
sylvania soldiers who fell in the Mexican war,
now about being erected on the capitol grounds
at Harrisburg, being in marble out in Italy,
and which will soon be ready for shipment,
| shall be admitted free of duty.
j The joint resolution was ordered to be
! engrossed and read a third time ; and being
i engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
] time, and passed.
j Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
I reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
| tion was passed : and also moved that the
] motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
1 The latter motion was agreed to.
surveyor general in utah.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table, for the purpose
of concurring in the amendment of the Senate
thereto, the bill (H. R. No. 202) to create the
office of surveyor general in the Territory of
Utah, to establish a land office in said Terri-
tory, and extend the homestead and preemption
laws over the same.
Mr. RANDALL. I object, unless we take
up the bills from the Speaker's table in their
regular order.
homestead asd preemption laws.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
porting a bill extending the preemption and home-
stead laws of the United States over the territory of
Alaska, establishing a suitable number of land dis-
tricts therein, and providing for the appointment of
registers and receivers therefor, and of a surveyor
general for said territory.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Speaker, is this the
regular order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I called for the regu-
lar order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had left
the Hall alter calling for the regular order.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I did so, but I did not
withdraw ;he call.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must be
within the Hall if he insists on demanding the
regular order.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I do insist.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution is not
before the House.
columbia deaf and dumb institute.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the bill pending at the adjourn-
ment yesterday (H. R. No. 541) making appro-
priations for the service of the Columbia Insti-
tution for the Instruction of the Deaf and
Dumb, and establishing additional regulations*
for the government of the institution. The
pending question is on the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. washburne,] to
add to the bill various sections. Pending that
motion the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
shanks] moved to reconsider the vote by which
the House disagreed to the substitute offered
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. wash-
bukxe. ]
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope it
will be reconsidered ; it will save §40,000.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope it will not be
reconsidered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 07, nays 49, not voting
84 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Arnell, Delos It. Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Bingham, Blair, Boles,
Boyer, Brooks, Broomall, Hoderick K, Butler, Dawes,
Dixon, Dockery, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eldridge,
Fox, Garfield, Higby, Hinds, Oaester D. Hubbard,
ingersoll, Jenekes, Alexander II. Jones, Kelsey,
Kerr, Kitchen, Knott, Koontz, Lallin,George V. Law-
rence, Mallory, Maynard, MoKoe, Miller, -Mo or head,
Morrissey, Mungen, Myers. Nicholson, Perham, Pe-
ters, Phelps, Pile, Plants, Poland, Smith, Spalding,
Staikiveathcr, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, Taber, Tay-
lor, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble, Twichell, Upson,
Van Auken, Van Trump, Henry D. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, Stephen P. Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—H7.
NAYS—Messrs. Bailey, Baker, Beatty, Benjamin,
Benton, Buekland, Benjamin Butler, Churchill,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Covode, Cullom. Delano,
Kla, Perriss, Fields, Get z, Goliaday, Grover, Hawkins,
Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Hunter, Judd, Julian, William
Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall, McCarthy,
McCiurg, Mercur, Moore, Mullins, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Pomeroy, Scofield, Shanks, Stokes. Trow-
bridge, Vail Aernam, Elihu B. "Washburno, William
B. Washburn, Welker, William Williams, and James
1'. Wilson-49.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Anderson, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Barnum, Bea-
inan, Beek, Blame, Bout-well, Boyden Bromweli,
Burr, Cake, Gary, Chanler, Header W. Clarke, Co-
burn, Cornell, Deweese, Dodge, Eggleston, Khot,
Parnsworth, Perry, Finney, French, Glossbrenner,
Gravely,Griswold, Haight, Halsey, Hamilton, Hard-
