650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
to introduce a bill (S. No. 267) for the relief
of Robert B. Kingsberry; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. U ILLEY. I am at some loss where
the bill ought to go to ; the Committee on the
Judiciary, I reckon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The peti-
tion and bill will be referred to that committee,
if there be no objection.
reports op committees.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee 011 the
Library, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 268) for the relief of
Philip 11. Fendall; which was read, and passed
to the second reading.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. The
Committee on Retrenchment have directed me
to report a bill (S. No. —GO) in addition to an
act entitled "An act regulating the tenui-e of
certain civil offices." 1 give notice that I shall
call it up at an early day, as it is a very im-
portant bill, for the action of the Senate; I
will say to-morrow at one o'clock.
The bill was read, and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on •Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the petition
of James R. Lowe, late consul to Tehuante-
pec, Mexico, praying compensation on account
of losses and expenses incurred in being pre-
vented, by reason of the disturbed condition
of the republic of Mexico, from reaching his
destination ufter proceeding a portion of the
way by the usual traveled route, have had the
same under consideration, and have directed
me to report it back to the Senate with a recom-
mendation that it be indefinitely postponed. I
ask the action of the Senate ou the report now.
Mr. COLE. I should like to know what the
effect of that motion will be; whether it finally
disposes of the subject-matter.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. An indefi-
nite postponement finally disposes of the
question.
Mr. SUMNER. It is not a final disposition.
It is, of course, an adverse report.
Mr. GRIMES. It does not stand here as
an adverse report. It can be called up again. :
Mr. SUMNER. Not if the committee report j
an indefinite postponement. i
Mr. COLE. I am well acquainted with the
circumstances of this case, and I am so well
convinced that this is a meritorious claim on
the Government that I should like to have the
matter laid over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the report goes over under the
rules.
bills introduced.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 270) for the temporary relief of the desti-
tute people in the District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 271)
to regulate the sale of hay arid straw in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No. 272)
for the relief of Captain Bernard McMahon;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mili-
tia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 273) to establish certain post routes in the
State of Oregon and Washington Territory;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 274) to fur.d the public debt and to amend
the banking laws of the United States; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
citizens imprisoned by great dritain.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer the following con-
current resolution:
Whereas it is stated on credible if not undoubted
authority that American citizens havo been arrested
and are deprived of their liberty by tho Government
of Great Britain upon suspicion of conspiracy and
tho commission of ovort acta of hostility against tho
peace an4dignity of that Government; and whereas
tho first duty of a Government is the protection of its
citizens against the hostiio acts of foreign States:
Therefore,
Jiesohed by the Senate, (tho House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the President of the United
States is hereby directed to cause immediate invest-
igation as to tho l'act of such alleged arrests of
American citizens, and if it shall be lound that any
havo Boen so arrested who have committed no overt
acts hostile to the Govemmout of Great Britain, nor
conspired to disturb the peaco of that nation, then
the President is hereby directed to demand the un-
conditional and immediate liberation of such person
or persons, and also indemnity lor sueh violations of
the rights of persons so arrested or held in custody;
and tho President is hereby authorized to use such
part of tho land and naval forces of the United States
as shall be necessary to entorco said demands.
I shall not attempt to discuss the resolution
this morning. 1 ask that it be printed and laid
on the table, and I give notice that at an early
period 1 shall call it up for consideration and
ask a vote of the Senate upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be entered if there be no objection.
i distribution op documents.
j Mr. HOWE .submitted the following resolu-
j tion; which was considered by unauimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
1
Kemlved, That the Committee on the Library be
instructed to inquire and report some suitable meas-
ure for tho disposition of the public documents and
books in the custody of the Secretary of the Interior,
a list of which is contained in his report mado to the
Senate of the United States on tho lixh day of Jan-
uary, A. D. 1864.
.tames a. seddo.v.
Mr. THAYER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho President of the United States
bo requested to inform the Senate, if in his judgment
not iuconristent with the public interests, whether
James A. Seddon, lately pardoned by the President,
was Secretary of War of the so-called confederate
States during any portion of tho time while Henry
Wirz, iried, condemned, and executed by order of
the_ President for barbarities inflicted by him upon
Union soldiers while under his charge, was keeperof
tho Andcrsonville prison; also, that the Presidont be
requested to inform tho Senate how many Union
soldiers died lrom starvation and from other cruel-
ties inflicted upon them in rebel prisons, in violation
of the rules of civilized warfare, while thesaid James
A. Seddon was Secretary of War of the so-called
confederate States.
southern state governments.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to state to the
Senate that I intend to call up a resolution
which was offered by the honorable Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] the other day—
a resolution to instruct the Committee on the
Judiciary upon the great subject of reconstruc-
tion. I am not anxious to call it up to-day;
I can call it up to-morrow, if that will be more
agreeable to the Senate. I desire to call it up
for the purpose of offering an amendment, of
which I gave notice some days ago, and for the
purpose of submitting some remarks to the
Senate upon that question. If it be the pleas-
ure of the Senate that it be not called up this
morning, I will call it up to-morrow morning.
I am not anxious to speak upon it to-day.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will call*
it up to-morrow, and not insist upon it to-day.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I give notice that
I shall ask the Senate to take np that resolu-
tion to-morrow.
payment op soldiers' bounties.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 331) to facilitate the
payment of soldiers' bounties under the act of
1866. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to employ, by transfer or otherwise,
a sufficient number of additional cletrks, not
less than fifty, in tho division of the Second
Auditor's office of the Treasury Department,
furnishing information to the Paymaster Gen-
eral in regard to soldiers claiming bounty under
act of July, 1806, to speedily pay those boun-
ties, to be continued so long as there is a neces-
sity for the same, giving in all cases preference
I in this employment to soldiers and sailors
honorably discharged from the service of the
1 United States.
The second section proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Treasury to procure and to
provide adequate and convenient rooms for all
clerks employed in the examination of the mus-
ter-rolls in the Second Auditor's office.
The third section is a direction to the Assist-
ant Treasurer of the United States in the city
( of New York to pay duplicate checks, upon
notice of tho loss of the original check or
checks, under such regulations as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may direct.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia proposed to amend the bill by striking
out the words "or otherwise" after "transfer"
in line four of section one.
The amendment was agreed to.
ji The next amendment was to strike out in
,l section one, line eight, the words "act of July,
! 1866," and insert:
I The provisions^ sections twelve and thirteen of
; the act entitled "An act making appropriations for
j sundry civil expenses of the Government for the year'
ending June 30,1807, and for other purposes," ap-
proved July 28,1866.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator from
Massachusetts merely proposes to give the
Secretary of the Treasury power to transfer
clerks from other offices to that of the Second
Auditor, why does he put in at the close of the
section words declaring that he shall give pref-
erence in such transfers to discharged sailors
and soldiers? It may be that they are not so
good clerks as some others for this business,-
and if they are already employed, why do you
want to* give preference to them when yon
merely provide that he may transfer them from
other offices? What is the object?
Mr. WILSON. I will answer the Senator
by simply saying that the provision to which
he refers was in the House bill. The House
bill provided for the employment of fifty addi-
tional clerks " by transfer or otherwise." The
Committee on Military Affairs thought there
were enough clerks in the Treasury Depart-
ment without appointing any more, and there-
fore struck out the words " or otherwise."
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that is the case, I
move to amend by striking out the clause with
regard to giving preference to discharged sol-
diers and sailors.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senator from
Maine that it would be better to strike out all
of the section after the sixth line, so as to
leave it simply " that the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby directed, to em-
ploy by transfer a sufficient number of addi-
tional clerks, not less thai) fifty, in the division
of the Second Auditor's offiee of the Treasury.''
That is all that is wanted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is all that ia
necessary.
Mr. WILSON. I kave no objection to that
amendment.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tions io n the amendment moved by the Senator
from Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I recollect aright, the
Second Auditor states that it is impracticable
to employ any more force in furnishing this
information than is now employed in his office.
I have not his official report before me, but
my recollection from my reading of it is that
he says the evidence is derived from the rolls
and only a certain force can be employed on
those rolls without endangering their safety,
and perhaps endangering the evidence on which
the whole military service of the country is
based. I should not like to have a measure of
this kind passed without consulting with the
Second Auditor. I think in the report he
