2034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21.
Mr. DAVIS. I donotknowtbatthe force will
be sufficient for a great while even for that. Cer-
tainly, if this state of things is to be continued in
the South for years and years; if Congress is
aboutto adopt the same policy that Philip II did
in relation to Holland ; if Congress is about to
adopt the same policy in relation to the south-
ern States that that tyrant of Spain did to Hol-
land, and if they intend to persevere in it as
he and his successors did in the subjugation
of the Hollanders and the Zealanders, I admit
that the military force which is now in the
South is not more than is sufficient to effect
this work. But, Mr. President, if we are to
have free and constitutional government, if
the people of the States are ever to be permit-
ted again to form their own constitutions under
the Constitution of the United States, and in
perfect subordination to it, and with hearts
loyal to that Constitution and to the Govern-
ment and the Union which it organized, then
I not only admit, but I declare, that, in my
judgment, the whole military force in the
southern States is not only unnecessary, but it
is unjust and oppressive to the people that it
should be there. I believe now that the peo-
ple of the southern States are as true to the
Constitution, as true to the Union, as obedient
in their will, in their principles and senti-
ments to the Government and authorities 'of
the United States as are the people of Maine
or any other people in the United States. I
have no doubt that if the Army was withdrawn
arid the people of those States were permitted
to take care of their own affairs, to rehabili-
tate their own local governments, they would
do that work as wisely, as justly, and with as
strict a spirit of loyalty to the United States as
would the people of Maine. Upon that point
I entertain no doubt. I see no reason, espe-
cially I see no reason within the Constitution
and within the just powers of Congress and
within a sound statesmanship, that authorizes
the continuance of eighteen thousand troops
in the southern States. Are the people of this
country to bo burdened with taxes to main-
tain eighteen thousand soldiers in the southern
States ?
My honorable friend from Maine asked me
if this force was more than sufficientto execute
the laws of the Union. I believe that if that
military force was entirely withdrawn from the
southern States there would not be a movement
in the way of armed resistance to the laws of
Congress, unconstitutional and oppressive as I
believe them to be. I have no idea that armed
resistance would be made to the execution of
these laws; but there would be such a peace-
ful resistance, such a rising ambng the whole
people, sustained by black and white, if the
Army and Freedmen's Bureau were withdrawn,
as would so execute the laws of Congress called
the reconstruction laws as to defeat the pur-
poses of the projectors of those laws in their
euactment. 1 have full faith, Mr. President,
that the laws of Congress would be no more
resisted forcibly in the southern States if nine
tenths of the soldiers that are now stationed in
them were withdrawn than they would be re-
sisted with the presence of such a force as that
amongthem. 1 have thefullest confidence that
all resistance which the southern people intend
to make against the reconstruction laws and
the policy of Congress will be pacific. They
have not the heart nor the resources to make
military resistance; if they had, it would be
unwise in the last degree, I think, to attempt
it. They are satisfied from their own expe-
riences and the lessons of those experiences
that when they resist what they believe wrong
legislation or oppression upon the part of the
Government the resistance ought to be made
bythe ballotandnotbythecartridge-box. The
effect of the presence of that soldiery there is
to prevent this peaceful and effective and tri-
umphant resistance that would otherwise be
made by the people of those States, in my judg-
ment, to the policy of Congress.
I think, Mr. President, the proposition I
make ought to be adopted. The business of
reducing the Army one half or one third ought
to be commenced immediately, and ought to
be commenced under the sanction and the con-
trol and direction of the Commander-in-Chief.
The proposition does not contemplate that it
shall be undertaken until the 1st of May. By
that time, according to the admission of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
the country will be in such a condition as to au-
thorize this reduction. Between his admis-
sion and my proposition there is very little dif-
ference. If the policy o-f his admission is to go
into operation, the policy of my proposition
ought at once; and the proper officer to exe-
cute the policy of thus reducing the Army and
saving fifty or sixty millions to the Treasury,
relieving the people of that amount of taxes, is
the President, to whose discretion it ought to be
intrusted as the Commander-in-Chief.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I agree
with,the Senator from Kentucky that there
ought to be a reduction of the expenditures
of the War Department. No one can examine
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
without being forcibly impressed in that
respect; but I am not quite prepared to vote
for this proposition. I do not think that the
proposition has been sufficiently considered in
Congress to justify us at this day in adopting
it. Nor am I prepared to say that an army
of twenty thousand would be sufficient for. the
protection of our borders and the proper use
of an army.
The Senator from Kentucky very much un-
derestimates the expenditures of the War De-
partment. They would be large enough, one
would think, as he stated them; but he has
stated them at very much less than the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury shows them
to iiave been. That report shows that the ex-
penditures of the War Department for the
year ending on the 30th of June last were
$95,266,380 88. Think of it, Mr. President;
$95,000,000 for the support of the Army, in
a time of peace, for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1807 ! The report also shows that
the expenditures of the War Department for
the quarter ending the 30th of September,
1867, were $30,537,056 85, or at the rate of
about one hundred and twenty-two millions
a year; and the estimates of the Secretary, as
the expenditures were then going on, for the
remaining three-quarters of the present fiscal
year, including $2-1,500,000 for bounties, was
$100,000,000.
Then, sir, the estimate of the Secretary of
the Treasury of the expenditures of the War
Department for the year now transpiring being
$100,000,000 for the last three quarters, and
the actual expenditure for the first quarter
ending the 80th of September last being
over thirty million dollars, the entire expense
of the War Department for the present fiscal
year will lie more than one hundred and thirty
million dollars, out of which is to be taken
something more than twenty-four million dol-
lars for bounties, leaving the expenditures of
the Army for the present fiscal year, as ascer-
tained by the estimates, and ascertained bythe
payments already made, leaving out the boun-
ties. over one hundred million dollars; and I
oelieve the report of the War Department
shows that the Army is now, in men and offi-
cers, about fifty-six thousand strong. Fifty-six
thousand men, for their annual support, now
require from the Treasury $100,000,000, in
round numbers; being, instead of the estimate
of the Senator from Kentucky, of $1,000,000
per regiment, nearly two million dollars per
regiment; being, instead of $1,000 per man,
nearly two thousand dollars per man. Before
the war the expenses of the Army were about
a thousand dollars to the man or a million
dollars to the regiment, and it was then under-
stood to be the most expensive military force
in the world. Now, sir, in a time of peace
comparatively—true, we have some trouble with
the Indians—the Army is costing us nearly two
thousand dollars for every soldier and officer,
nearly two million dollars for every regiment,
a thing unheard of, as I believe, in the support
of the military force of any Government in
any age of the world. Of course, sir, an ex-
penditure like this should attract the attention
of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. President, a proper management of the
War Department can save to the people of the
United States, in my judgment,with the forces
as they now stand, fifty-six thousand strong,
$40,000,000 a year. While we are economizing
in the appropriation bills a few thousands hero
and a few thousands there, the work, of reform
must be made in the War Department, and, to
some extent, in the Navy Departm'ent. The
expenditures for the Navy for the year ending
the 30th of June last were $31,031,011 04, and
for the quarter ending September 30 last
$5,579,70! 07, and the estimate for the remain-
ing three quarters of this fiscal year for the
Navy Department was $22,000,000; so that
for the Navy and the Army the expenditures
from the national Treasury this year will be
about one hundred and fifty million dollars.
Mr. GRIMES. What do you estimate for
the Navy?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Navy k estimated
for the remaining three quarters of this year
at $22,000,000, and the actual expenditures
for the first quarter, the quarter ending on the
30th of September last, were $5,579,704 G7,
making the expenditures for the Navy Depart-
ment about twenty-seven and a half million
dollars.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The fiscal year
ending June 30, 1868?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; the present
fiscal year.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state to the Senator
from Indiana, as he doubtless will be pleased
to know, that the expenses of the Navy De-
partment have been very materially decreased,
probably one half, during the present winter.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am very much grat-
ified, Mr. President, to be satisfied that that
is the case.
Mr. GRIMES. Perhaps I overestimate in
saying one half; it is one third, at any rate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The tax-payers will be
gratified to learn it. I do not know that in
maintaining the naval force we now have just
criticism can be made on the Navy Depart-
ment for this amount of expenditure; but I
am calling the attention of the Senate to the
fact that in a time of peace the Navy and the
Army are now costing the American people
above one hundred and fifty million dollars a
year, and that out of this is to be deducted
something above twenty-four million dollars
for bounties.
Mr. WILSON. That does not belong to the
Army expenditures proper.
Mr. HJ5NDR1CKS. I know that, and I am
giving the Army the credit for it. Taking out
the bounties, the expenditures for the War De-
partment this year, as shown by the actual
expenditures for thequarter ending September
30, 1807, and by the estimates for the remain-
ing three quarters, will amount to S100,000,000
and something more, and that to support an
army of fifty-six thousand men. Certainly,
when the Senator from Massachusetts, the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
presents his views in regard to the Army, the
country will expect him to make some showing
.in regard to this matter. I do not in this slate-
ment charge against the Army the bounties;
it is not proper that that should be done ; but
I give simply what the expenditures are for
the support of the War Department proper, as
I find them in the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What are the details?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have given that, but
I will repeat it for the benefit of the Senator
from Vermont. The Secretary states that the
entire expenditures of the War Department
for the year ending June 30, 1867, were above
ninety-five million dollars; that for the first
quarter of the present fiscal year, the quarter
ending September 30 last, the expenditures
for the War Department were $30,537,056 85,
and the estimate of the Department for its
expenditures for the remaining three quarters
