1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
and he may, at his discretion, assign any such
detective to duty under the direction of any
supervisor of internal revenue, or to such other
special duty as he may deem necessary, and
that, from and after the passage of this act no
general or special agent, or inspector, by what-
ever name or designation he may be known,
of the Treasury Department in connection with
the internal revenue, except, inspectors of
tobacco, snuff, and cigars, and except as pro-
vided for in this act, shall be appointed, com-
missioned, employed, or continued in office,
and the term of office or employment of all
such general or special agents or inspectors
now authorized as aforesaid under employment
at the time of the passage of this act shall expire
ten days after this act shall take effect.
Sec. 51. Andbeit further enacted, That from
and after the passage of this act no assessor or
collector shall be detailed or authorized to
discharge any duty imposed by law on any
other collector or assessor, but a supervisor of
internal revenue may, within his territorial dis-
trict, suspend any collector or assessor for
fraud, or gross neglect of duty, or abuse of
power, and shall immediately report his action
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, with
his reasonsth refor in writing, who shall there-
upon take such further action as he may deem
proper.
Sec. 52. And be it further cnacted, That
there shall be appointed by the Secretary of
the Treasury such number of internal revenue
hrorekeepers as may be necessary, the com-
pensation of each of whom shall be determined
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, not
exceeding five dollars per day, to be paid by
■ lie United States, one or more of whom shall
be assigned by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue to every bonded or distillery ware-
house established by law; and no sueli store-
keeper shall be engaged in any other business
while in the service of the United States with-
out the written permission of the Commissioner
of Internal Itevenue. Every storekeeper shall
take an oat.h faithfully to perform the duties of
his office, and shall give a bond, to be approved
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, for
the faithful discharge of his duties, in such form
and for such amount as the Commissioner may
prescribe. Every storekeeper shall have charge
of the warehouse, to which lie may be assigned,
under the direction of the collector controlling
the same, which warehouse shall be in the joint
cusrody of such storekeeper and the proprietor
thereof, and kept securely locked, and shall at
no time be unlocked and opened, or remain
open, unless in the presence of such storekeeper
or other person who may be designated to act
for him as hereinafter provided; and no arti-
cles shall be received ill or delivered from such
warehouse except on an order or permit ad-
dressed to the storekeeper and signed by the
collector having control of the warehouse.
Every storekeeper shall keep a warehouse book,
which shall at all times be open to the exam-
ination of any revenue officer, in which he shall
enter an account of all aiticles deposited in the
warehouse to which he is assigned, indicating
in each case the date of the deposit, by whom
manufactured or produced, the number and
description of the packages and contents, the
quantities therein, the marks and serial num-
bers thereon, and by whom ganged, inspected,
or weighed, and if distilled spirits, the number
of gauge or wine gallons and of proof gallons ;
and before delivering any article from the ware-
house he shall enter in said book the date of
the permit or order of the collector for the
delivery of such articles, the number and de-
seriotion of the packages, the marks and serial
numbers thereon, the date ofdelivery, to whom
delivered, and for what purpose, which purpose
shall be specified in the permit or order for
delivery; and in case of delivery of any distilled
spirits the number of gauge or wino gallons,
and of proof gallons, shall also be stated ; and
such further particulars shall be entered iti the
warehouse books as may be prescribed or found
necessary for the identification of the packages,
to insure the correct delivery thereof and proper
accountability thereof [therefor.] A daily re-
turn shall be furnished by every storekeeper
to the collector of the district of all articles
received in and delivered from the warehouse
during the day preceding that on which the
return is made, a copy of which shall be mailed
by him at the same time to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue : and each storekeeper
shall, on the first Monday of every month, make
a report in triplicate of the number of packages
of all articles, with the several descriptions
thereof respectively, as above provided, which
remained in the warehouse at the date of his
last report, and of all articles received therein
and delivered therefrom during the preceding
month, and of all articles remaining therein at
the end of said month; one of which reports
shall be by him delivered to the assessor of the
district, to be recorded and tiled in his office;
one delivered to the collector having control
of the warehouse, to be recorded and filed in
his office; and one transmitted to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, to be recorded
and filed in his office. Any internal revenue
storekeeper may be transferred by the super-
visor of the district or by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue from one warehouse to any
other. In case of the absence of any internal
revenue storekeeper by sickness or from any
other cause the collector having control of the
warehouse may designate a person to have
temporary charge of such warehouse, who shall,
during such absence, perform the duties and
receive the pay of the storekeeper for the time
he may be so employed; and for any violation
of the law he shall be subject to the same pun-
ishment as storekeepers. Any storekeeper or
other person in the employment of the United
States having charge of a bonded warehouse,
who shall remove or allow to be removed any
cask or other package therefrom without an
order or permit of the collector, or which has
not been marked or stamped in the manner
required bylaw, or shall remove or allow to be
removed any part of the contents of any cask
or package deposited therein, shall be imme-
diately dismissed from office or employment,
and, on conviction, be fined not less than five
hundred dollars, nor more than two thousand
dollars, and imprisoned not less than three
months nor more than two years.
Sec. 58. Andbeit further enacted, That there
shall be appointed by the Secretary of the I
Treasury, in every collection district where the
same may be necessary, one or more internal
revenue gaugers, who shall each take an oath
faithfully to perform his duties, and shall give
his bond, with one or more sureties, satisfac-
tory to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
for the faithful discharge of the duties assigned
to him by law or regulations; and the penal
sum of said bond shall not be less than five
thousand dollars, and said bond shall be re-
newed or strengthened as the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue may require. The duties of
every such gauger shall be performed under
the supervision and direction of the collector
of the district to which he may bo assigned, or
of the collector in charge of exports at any port
of entry to which he may be assigned. Pees
for gauging and inspecting shall be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to
be paid to the collector by the owner or pro-
ducer of the articles to be gauged and inspected;
and said collector shall retain all amounts so
received as such fees until the last day ot each
month, when the aggregate amount of fees so
paid that month shall, under regulation to be
prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, be paid to the ganger or gaugers per-
forming the duty. In no case, however, shall
the aggregate monthly fees of any gauger exceed
the rate of three thousand dollars per annum.
All necessary labor and expense attending the !
gauging of any article shall bo borne by the !
owner or producer of such articles. Every
gauger shall, under such regulations as may be
prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, make a daily return, in duplicate;
one to be delivered to the assessor and the
other to the collector of his district, giving a
true account, in detail, of all articles gauged
and proved orinspected by him, and for whom,
and the number and kind of stamps used by
him. Any gauger who shall make any false or
fraudulent inspection, gauging, or proof, shall
pay a penalty of one thousand dollars, and, on
conviction, shall be fined not less than five hun-
dred dollars nor more than five thousand dol-
lars, and imprisoned not less than three months
nor more than three vears.
Sec. 54. And be it further enacted. That a
drawback shall be allowed upon alcohol and
rum exported to foreign countries on which
taxes have been paid under the provisions of
this act when exported as herein provided for.
The drawback allowed shall include the taxes
levied and paid upon the alcohol or rum ex-
ported, not, however, exceeding sixty cents
per gallon proof-spirits, which shall be due and
payable only after the proper entries and bonds
have been executed and filed and all other con-
ditions complied with as hereinafter required,
and thirty days after the vessel has actually
cleared and sailed on her voyage with such
spirits on board; and the Secretary of the
Treasury shall prescribe such rules and regu-
lations in relation thereto as mavbe necessary
to secure the Treasury of the United States
against frauds. And if any person shall fraudu-
lently claim or seek to obtain an allowance
of drawback on any alcohol or rum, or shall
fraudulently claim any greater allowance or
drawback than the tax actually paid thereon,
such person shall forfeit and pay to the Gov-
ernment, of the United States triple the amount
wrongfully and fraudulently sought to be ob-
tained, and, on conviction, shall be imprisoned
not less than one yearnor more than ten years.
And any owner, agent, oi1 master of any vessel
who shall knowingly aid or abet in the fraudu-
lent collection or fraudulent attempt to collect
any drawback upon rum or alcohol, or shall
knowingly aid or permit any fraudulent change
in the spirits so shipped, shall, on conviction,
be fined five thousand dollars and imprisoned
not less than one year, and the ship or vessel
on board of which such shipment was made,
or pretended to be made, shall be forfeited to
the United States, whether a conviction of the
master or owner be had or otherwise, and pro-
ceedings may be had in admiralty by libel for
such forfeiture.
Sec. 55. And be it further enacted, That
alcohol and rum may be exported with the
privilege of drawback, in quantities not less
than two thousand gallons, and in packages
containing not less than thirty gallons each, on
application of the owner thereof to the col-
lector of customs at any port of entry, and
under such rules and regulations, and after
makingsuch entries, and executing such bonds,
and giving such other additional security, as
may be prescribed by law and by the Secretary
of the Treasury. The entry for such export-
ation shall be in triplicate, and shall contain
the name of the person applying to export, the
name of the distiller, and of the district in
which the spirits were distilled, and the name
of the vessel by which, and the name of the
port to which, they are to be exported ; and
the form of the entry shall be as follows:
Export Entry of Distilled Spirits entitled to
Drawback.
Entry of spirits distilled by —, in
 district, State of  , to be exported
by —- in the , whereof is
master, bound to .
And the entry shall specify the whole num-
ber of casks or packages, the marks and serial
numbei's thereon, the quality or kind of spirits
as known in commerce, the number of gauge
