1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2085
was $100,000,000, including $24,-500,000 for
bounties, so that the entire expenditures reach
above one hundred and thirty million dollars,
and you make a credit upon that of something
above twenty-four million dollars for boun-
ties, and you still have several millions be-
yond $100,000,000 to support the Army proper.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator did not
understand me. I understood that statement
before; but I asked him to give us the details
which made up the expenditures for the quar-
ter ending September 80.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have given you all
that the Secretary says. He gives the ex-
penditures, and then in his estimate he esti-
mates the bounties at $24,500,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does he not tell us what
those expenditures were for in detail?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have not the esti-
mates.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, I will state to him that this general head
includes all expenditures made under the di-
rection of the War Department. It includes
the expenditures made upon this Capitol build-
ing and all public buildings and grounds, all
rivers and harbors.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand it perfectly,
but I wanted to ascertain whether my friend from
Indiana understood it, and whether the coun-
try would understand it from the way he was
putting it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The rivers and harbors
are estimated this year at $6,875,000. The
money appropriated for those purposes is ex-
pended under the direction of the War Depart-
ment. This aggregate sum includes a multi-
tude . of objects not belonging to the Army
proper. The Senator, by looking at the esti-
mates, will find the details.
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ I have excluded the
amount of the large item of bounties, and
then charged upon the Department the expend-'
itures that the Secretary of the Treasury re-
ports. What little may be spent upon this
Capitol building I do not know, but I do not
suppose it amounts to much. The appropria-
tions are very inconsiderable.
Mr. SHERMAN. All the public buildings
are included there.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No; not all the public
buildings.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; all the public build-
ings are under General Michler's charge, and
the appropriations are about two or three mil-
lions.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The public buildings,
so far as I know anything of them, are under
the charge of the Secretary of the Treasury, in
a bureau of the Treasury Department proper.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; under General
Michler, of the War Department.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I had occasion to look
into something about the expenditures on a pub-
lic building in Indianapolis, and I know I found
that that was under the Treasury Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was a custom-house,
I suppose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; a post office
and court-house; so that it does not include
that class of public buildings. Mr. President,
I did not expect to speak on this subject this
morning; but as the Senator from Kentucky
so much underestimated the expenditures I
thought it my duty to refer to tlie report of the
facts and estimates made by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The solicitude
which the honorable Senator from Indiana ex-
presses for a reduction of the expenditures of
the Army is certainly commendable. I think
he overlooks, however, one great fact which is
apparent in the legislationt)f this year. I have
not examined the figures, and therefore cannot
speak with accuracy : but, as I understand his
estimates, he puts down the expenditures of
the War Department at $130,000,000 the cur-
rent year ending the 30th of June next. That
includes $24,000,000 of bounties to soldiers, of
which the honorable Senator, I take it, does
not complain. Tl should be noticed that it
includes all the service that comes under the
War Department, which, as suggested by the
Senator from Ohio, for harbor and river im-
provements, that are largely in the section of
the country from which the honorable Senator
comes, amount to about six million dollars,
which are charged to the extravagance of the
War Department. The appropriations have
been made here, over which the Department
has not the slightest control or the slightest
discretion. We appropriate $6,000,000 for
harbor and river improvements, chiefly in the
western country, and the honorable Senator,
himself a representative of that region, rises
here in his place and arraigns the War Depart-
ment for extravagance, and fails to discrimi-
nate that so large a portion of this gross sum
as $0,000,000 is appropriated for works of in-
ternal improvement in- the section of country
which he so ably represents, and over which
it has not the slightest discretion in the world.
So of a great'many other items appropriated
for the general service of the country. It in-
cludes the Military Academy, all your armories,
all your arsenals, and all the fortifications, which
latter item last year ran up to $2,000,000. All
these are put into this general sum of appro-
priations, over which the Secretary of War, in
the administration of the War Department, has
not the slightest discretion; and still the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana arraigns the Ad-
ministration as if it were guilty of extravagance.
Now, let us see what we have done this year
toward meeting the reasonable expectations of
reform. Let us contrast the appropriations of
this year. Last year, it is said, they ran up to
the enormous sum of §180,000,000, including
$24,000,000 for bounties. The Senator knows
very well that we had the expenses of an Indian
war on our hands last year, and that for the
quartermaster's department alone there were
some forty-eight million dollars expended
in transportation and otherwise, and into that
entered very largely the expenditures made
necessary by the Indian war. This year, upon
the idea that we are to have no Indian war and
upon the idea of a reduction of the Army and
of the expenditures of the Army, the appro-
priations for the year ending June 30, 18(39, in
contrast with those for the year ending June
30, 1888, are as follows : for the Army," $33,-
000,000; for bounties, say S24,'000,000, making
$57,000,000. Take that from the appropria-
tions of last year and you have a reduction in
the expenditures of last year of over seventy-
three million dollars. Now, I submit to the
honorable Senator from Indiana whether, to
say the least of it, there is not a commendable
attempt on the part of Congress to reduce the
expenditures to which he very properly alludes
as having been excessive last year ; but they
were excessive from the causes I have men-
tioned, and did not grow necessarily or in fact
out of the extravagance of the service.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
from Maine give me information upon one
point? How many soldiers are there engaged
on the Indian frontier at this time?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know.
Mr. DAVIS. Can the honorable Senator
tell me how many troops are stationed in the
ten southern States?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; I have
no particular information on the subject. My
general information is that only a small por-
tion of the Army comparative is in what, are
known as the military districts in the southern
States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to add very
brief!}', in reply to the Senator from Maine,
that into the particulars of these expenditures
it is utterly impossible for me at present to go.
I stated that the Secretary in his report showed
the expenditures for the last fiscal year to be
$95,000,000 and a fraction. Then I was told
that there were expenditures made by the War
Department which were r.ot properly charge-
able upon that Department. Turning to another
portion of the Secretary's report, in which he
gives the expenditures in detail, 1 find that for
the pay department there were $30,000,000 : for
the commissary department, quartermaster's
department, ordnance department, engineer de-
partment, Inspector General, Adjutant General,
Secretary's office, and for the relief of sundry
individuals over sixty-five million dollars,
making the aggregate §95,206,330 88, There
is an item, Senators will observe, for the re-
lief of sundry individuals and miscellaneous;
but that is only $765,466 41, a very incon-
siderable item. Then the expenditures made
by the engineer department for every purpose
whatever during that year were but $3,232,-
414 08., Any expenditures that may have been
made for public buildings or for rivers and har-
bors would be under the charge of the engineer
department or bureau. The entire expendi-
tures of the engineer department were a little
above $8,000,000. In these $95,000,000 I do
not see the bounties. But, sir, I find the Army
made up of about fifty or sixty thousand men,
costing the country the sum I have given,
$95,000,000. I shall not continue the debate,
for I do not wish to delay the passage of the
bill; but I have felt it my duty to call the at-
tention of the Senate to the subject and of the
Senator from Kentucky to his underestimates.
Mr. SHERMAN. There ought not to be
any difficulty about this matter. There is no
doubt that for the year ending June 30, 1867,
the amount of expenditure statedby the Senator
is correct, $95,000,000. Of that there was
$30,700,000 for the pay department. That
sum included all that was disbursed by General
Brice. That was before the bounty law took
effect, and the Senate will perceive that it did
not include the bounty of that year, but it in-
cluded all unexpended payments for old boun-
ties and arrears of pay, &c.—everything that
was paid out by General Brice. It included
every variety of things. Then the payments
on account of the commissary department in-
cluded, no doubt, balances for old supplies.
Then, in the engineer department there was an
expenditure of over three million dollars.
What was that for? For public works under
the charge of the engineer depai'tment. Then,
for the ordnance department the expenditures
were $4,090,000. What was that for? To
pay the ordnance department ? Notatall. It
was to build fortifications. Then there was
" for the Secretary's office and the Army ex-
penditures, $8,514,000." That included all
the multitude of other expenditures under the
direction of the Secretary of War. For in-
stance, by law the Secretary of War is directed
sometimes to erect public buildings arid they
are paid for out of this fund. Other public
buildings are built under the direction of the
Treasury Department. If the Senator wants
the details, they are given in tables every year
in the book of estimates. In the book of esti-
mates for the present year, which I have before
me, he will find that the estimates for objects
under the War Department, the Army proper,
a long list of items amounting to $51,030,134.
The Senator from Maine says that General
Grant, while Secretary of War, reduced his
estimates from $51,000,000 to $37,000,000,
and the House Committee of Ways and Means
reduced them to $33,000,000. As 1 under-
stand the Senator that was for the Army
proper and all the expenses of the Army. If
they confine their expenditures within the esti-
mates, well and good, but I doubt if they will
be able to do so. I wish they could do it, but
I do not believe they will.
The expenses of the Army are estimated
here at $51,000,000. Then, besides that, there
is an estimate for arsenals and munitions of
war of $1,500,000. That is for future expend-
itures and will depend entirely upon the action
of Congress. Then there is the estimates for
the Military Academy. Then there is ah esti-
mate of $2,245,000 for fortifications and other
works of defense. All this is charged to the
Army, but the expenditure for fortifications
has not been sanctioned by the committee.
Then there is an estimate for river and harbor
improvements, amounting to $6,857,000. That
has no connection with the Army, except that
the appropriations for public works of that
