1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4083
iinburseraent for certain expenditures on the harbor j
ot Hint city, with accompanying documents, report
that the.y have postponed the further consideration
thereof until the fir«t meeting of the committee in
December next, and h .ve referred tbe same to asub-
committee consisting ot Hon. T. D. Eliot and Hon.
P. Sawyer, with instructions to ascertain the facts
and to report at such meeting.
civil appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the Senate of the United
States:
In the Senate of the United States,
July 15,1&88.
Rcwhedy That the Secretary be directed to request
the House of Representatives to return to the Senate
its resolution of concurrence in the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of tue two Houses on the bill (H. K. No. 818} mak-
ing appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1869, for
the purpose ot making a motion to reconsider the
same.
The SPEAKER, The House has agreed
to the report of the committee of conference
on this bill, and the motion to reconsider has
been laid on the table. The Chair is therefore
of the opinion that it is not within the power of
the House to comply with the request of the
Senate, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The SPEAKER. A message will be sent
to the Senate stating that, under the rules, the
House is unable to comply with the request.
representative from north carolina.
Mr. DAWS. The Committee of Elections,
to whom were referred the credentials of David
Heaton, claiming a seat in this House as a
Representative from the second district of
North Carolina, have directed me to report
that they have examined the credentials and
find them in due form of law : and they there-
fore recommend that he be admitted to a seat
upon taking the oath of office prescribed by
the act of 1862.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. David Heaton presented himself at the
Speaker's desk and was duly qualified by tak-
ing the oath prescribed by law.
Mr. MOO UREAL). I call for the regular
order.
indian treaties.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following communi-
cation from the Secretary of the Interior.
The Clerk read as follows :
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. 0., July 15,1868.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of a resolution of the House of Representatives, of
the 13th instant, in the following words, namely:
'"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be.
and he is hereby, directed to furnish to this iiouse
copies of all treaties made by the peace commis-
sioners with the several tribes of western Indians
during the last and present years."
Iu reply I have to state that all the treaties referred
to, which have been reported to this Department
have been laid before the President and by him
transmitted to the Senateloritsconstitutional action
theieon, auu that none of said treaties are now m the
po^e«sion or under the control of this Department.
Very respectful*, your o^cnt^ervan^
Secretary.
Hon. Schcyler Colfax,
{speaker House of llepresentutives.
The communication was laid on the table.
funding bill.
Mr. MOORHEAD. There is so much
pressure upon me that I will withdraw my
demand lor the regular order of business.
Mr. POLAND. I will yield, then, to the
chairman of the Committee ot Ways and Means.
Mr. SOIIENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table Senate bill
No. 207. for funding the national debt and for
the conversion of the notes of the United
States in order that it may be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
lipr.nol'' of drafted men.
Mr. BOl'ER. I ask unanimous consent to
report back irom the Committee of ^ ays and
Means House bill No. 421 amendatory of an act
entitled " An act for the relief of certain drafted
Mr. MULLINS objected, but afterward with-
drew his objection.
Tbe bill was read. It provides for the repeal
of so much of the second section of an act enti-
tled "An act for the relief of certain drafted
men," approved the 28th day of February, A.
D. 1867, as provides that said section "shall
apply only to claims received at the War
Department prior to its passage;" provided
that all claims under said second section of
said act shall be presented and filed within two
years from the date of the final passage of this
act and not afterward.
Mr. \YASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does that
give anything to the District of Columbia?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want
the District of Columbia included.
The SPEAKER. That would not be in
order to this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
object.
Afterward the objection was withdrawn.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BOYliR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOYBR, from the same committee, also
reported back the following as having been
provided for by the general bill just passed;
and the same were laid on the table:
An act (II. R. No. 18G) to extend an act
entitled "An act for the relief of certain drafted
men," approved Februarj' 28, 1867 ;
An act (H. R. No. 463) to amend an act
for the relief of certain drafted men, approved
February 28, 1867;
Memorial of Henry Tibby, of Ohio, for the
return of commutation money ;
Memorial of J. W. Kirker, praying for the
passage of an act for return of commutation
money; and
Petition of J. W. Jack, praying for return of
commutation money.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I am directed by the
Committee on Reconstruction to report back
the amendments of the Senate to House bill
No. 1353 for the removal of certain disabili-
ties from persons therein named. The Senate
strike out eight names and add some others.
The committee are of the opinion that the
amendments are proper and reasonable. I
shall demand the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. The pardoning of rebels is
so important that I ask the names be reported.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amend-
ment. ,
Mr. BROOKS. I will not ask all these
names be read if we have some information of
who thev are. W ho is Mr. Moore ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. The report came from
the Committee on Reconstruction; his name
is in the original bill.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Dyer is an old rebel;
I would like to know something about him.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The gentleman is on
the Committee on Reconstruction, and ought
to know as much as the rest of us.
Mr. BROOKS. They do business so fast it
is impossible for me to keep up with them.
There is one Beatty in the list; is it the poet
Beatty?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is very good reading;
I hope it will all be read; we want to know
ail these men who have been born again.
[Laughter.]
The Clerk resumed, and concluded the read-
ing of the names.
Mr. BROOKS. I call for the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. FAliNSWOItTil. This is a substitute
for the House bill, and requires a( two-third
vote. The Journal should show that it passed
by a two third vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 111, nays 20, not voting 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Archer, Bailey,
Baker, Banks, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Blair,
Boles, Bontwell, Boyden, Brooks, 11 room all. Buck-
land, Benjamin F.Butler, Roderick K. Butler .Cake,
Churchill, Cook, Cullom, Dawes, Delano, Dixon,
Dock cry, Donnelly, Driggs, Eliot, Fanisworth, F'er-
riss, Fields, Fox, French, Garfield, Getz, Glossbren-
ner, Griswold, Haigbt, Hamilton, Heaton, Higby,
Hill, Hinds, liooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenekcs, Alexander
Jones, Judd, Kelsey, Ketcham, KoooU, Lafiin, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lou.'hridge, Lynch, Mallory, Mar-
shall, Marvin, McCarthy, McKee, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead. Morrell, Mullins, Mmnsen, Myers, Nib-
lack, O'Neill, Paine, Peters, Bhelps, Bike, Pile, Piants,
Poland, Pomeroy, Randall, Kaum, Robertson, Roots,
Sawyer, Sehenck, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Stokes, Stone, Taylor, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Twichell, Upson, Van Aernani, Van Aaken, Burt
Van Horn, Elihu. B. Washburue, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Wolker, James P. Wil-
son, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wiudom,
Woodbridge, and the Speaker—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Adains, Arnell, Barnes, Bromwell,
Oary, Cobb. Coburn, Bldridge, Golladay, Hawkins,
Hotchkiss, Johnson. Julian, Loan, Mereur, Nichol-
son, Orth, Tuber, Tlioinas Williams, and William
Williams— 2(1.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Deios It. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin, Barnum, Bea-
man, Beck, Bingham, Blame, Boycr, Burr, Chanler,
Reader W. Clarke. Sidney Clarke, Cornell, Covode,
Deweese, Dodge, JSckley, Eggleston, EI&, Ferry, Fin-
ney, Gravely, Grover, Halsey, Harding, Holman,
Asahel W. Hubbard. Richard D. Hubbard. Hum-
phrey, Thomas L. Jones, Kelley, Kerr, Kitchen,
Knott, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, May-
nard, McClurg, ilcCormick, McCullough, Mornssey,
Newcomb, Nunn, Perham, Polsley, Price, Prayn.
Robinson, Boss, Scoficld, Selye, bhellabarger, Sit-
grcaves, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stew-
art, Taffe, Thomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Robert
T, Van IXorn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Wood, and Woodward—71.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the amendment of the Senate was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the Senate
was agreed to; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. julian on account of sickness ; also leave
of absence to Mr. barnes till Monday next.
leavffi to print a speech.
Leave to print a speech on irrigation, in-
tended to have been made last evening ill Com-
mittee of the Whole, was granted to Mr. Dos-
nelly. [See Appendix.]
hot springs reservation.
Mr. POLAND obtained the floor on a ques-
tion of* privilege, being the contested-election
case of Switzler  s. Anderson, but yielded to
Mr. JULIAN, who asked unanimous con-
sent to report back from the Committee on the
Public Lauds a bill (II. R. No. 1'276) for the
sale of the Hot Springs reservation m Arkan-
sas.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object if it gives rise
to debate.
The bill was read. It recites that the public
reservation known as the Hot Springs reserva-
tion, in the State ot Arkansas, is now held and
occupied without color of title by various per-
sons, whose claims have never been acknowl-
edged by the United States Government, and
that the public interest and humanity require
that said springs be made available for public
use, and the welfare and settlement of the
State will be promoted by ihe sale of lands
adjacent thereto ; and provides that upon the
passage of this act the Secretary of the inte-
rior shall cause to be surveyed, platted, and
laid out into streets, blocks, and lots, or par-
cels of ground of such form and area as will
best facilitate the construction of a town, a cer-
tain portion of the public domain known as the
Hot Springs reservation. The bill makes fur-
ther provision in regard to the appraisement,
&c., of the lots and parcels of ground.
Mr. BROOKS. Unless the gentleman from
Indiana insists on the reading of that long bill
I tell him now that, I shall object, and I object
on the ground that it refers only to lojul
persons, which means Republicans, and ex-
cludes all Democrats.
