1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
states officially that he would settle the eases
more rapidly if he could, but he is unable to
do so from the fact that his offiee acts on the !
rolls, and they cannot be examined by more
than a certain number of persons, who are now
actually employed. I think we ought not to
pass the bill without consulting the Second
Auditor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It had better go over
until we get information.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to its
going over until we obtain that information. I
understood from a gentleman who had the care
of this bill in the other'IIouse, and who intro-
duced it there, a gentleman from Indiana, that
he had consulted the Departments in regard
to it, and that they were all satisfied with it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to delay
the matter, but I have sent for the report and
have it here now. I see that what I stated was
substantially correct, except that the report
states it a little more strongly. Until the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts can read this report,
and answer its suggestions in some way, I
would prefer to have the bill lie over.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to the
bill going over to allow time to ascertain the
facts. I have no doubt that Mr. French has
been consulted in regard .to the measure, and
that it is all right; but at the same time I do
not know the fact so that I can authoritatively
state it.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to have the
last section read, as I wish to offer an amend-
ment to it.
The Secretary read the third section of the
bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to have that
section amended so as to extend to other cities
the same provision which is made in regard to
the payment of checks at New York.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
a motion pending to postpone the bill uutil
to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not myBelf desire
to postpone it particularly, but I will read
what the Second Auditor says, and- then the
Senate may do as they please. I think this
report shows that it is im practicable to have
any more clerks employed in this business. .
I read from the report of Mr. French, the
Second Auditor: j
" The office has also been called upon to make ex-
amination of the rolls and repurt to tho Paymaster
General the datafrom which the claims of discharged
soldiers for additional bounty may bo cither rejected
or paid. A largo force of clerks has been dotailed
for that purpose, and every possible effort has been
made that could be, without impairing tho efficiency
of the office flld ncgleeting its legitimate work, to
furnish replies as speedily as possible. It could not
be expected that the claims of the heirs of deceased
soldiers, or of soldiers who have lost their discharges,
which have been presented to this office for settle- >
rnent, should be laid aside for the purpose of making ■
larger reports to the Paymaster General. As many '
men have been and are now engaged in obtaining
information from the rolls for the purposo'of making
settlements in this office and reports to the Paymas- [
ter General, as experience lia3 proved, can be profit-
ably employed. The rolls are vouchers in paymas-
ter's accounts which are undergoing or awaiting
settlement, and, at the risk of injury, misplacement, i
or loss, it is necessary to use them in the settlement !
of all claims for bounty and arrears of pay. In the
general movement of the business between this office
and tho Second Comptroller'u.where settlements are
revised, there are constantly upon the average twenty
thousand rolls at his office with the settlements from
this. It will be apparent that to secure the safety of -
the rolls and the regular and certain conduct of the |
business thero must be a limit to tho number of
clerks that can bo employed in their examination.
There has been no lack, either of desire or effort, to !
meet the just expectation of the country in the set-
tlement of these claims, and the belief is warranted
that in one year from this date the settlement of tho
claims of heirs for additional bounty will have been
completed." j
Under these circumstances, in the face of
this report, we ought not to require him to put
these rolls in the custody of fifty additional
clerks. I think this statement ought to be con- !
elusive, unless the committee have examined !
it and investigated the whole subject-matter.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill be
postponed for that purpose.
Tne motion was agreed to.
ROBERT M. PATTON.
Mr. STEW ART. I move to take up the bill
for the relief of Robert M. Patton.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask whether that
has been examined by a committee ?
Mr. STEWART. It has been considered
and recommended by the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator knows that it
opens a very important question.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think, when the
bill is read, any Senator will object to it. It
is only a single line.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 2-1C) to remove political disabilities from
Robert M. Patton, of Alabama, was read the
second time and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It removes the disabilities im-
posed upon Robert M. Patton, of Alabama, by
the several acts of Congress known as the
reconstruction acts.
Mr. STEWART. I can statejlie case in a
moment. It will be perceived that this bill
relieves Governor Patton from the disabilities
imposed by the reconstruction acts. His case
is certainly one that deserves special consider-
ation at the present time. I believe he was
tho only Governor in the southern States who
recommended the adoption of the constitu-
tional amendment. It is recommended by
General Pope, General Swayne, and a large
number of citizens, thirty-seven of whom are
members of the constitutional convention of
Alabama, that the disabilities be removed from
Robert M. Patton. As General Pope's letter
is very short and states the case pointedly—it
is but a few lines—I would like to have it
read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Atlanta, November 28,1867.
My Dkab Sir: This note will bo handed to you by
Hon. K. 31. Patton, Governor of Alabama, of whom
it is only necessary for me to say that ho has been
an open and active supporter of the reconstruction
measures, aud is entitled to every consideration lor
his firm andconsistcnt support of the military author-
ities inthisdistrietin the performance of their duties.
He wishes to be relieved at tho oarliest day from
his political disabilities, and I think him fully enti-
tled to this mark of consideration. I trust, therefore,
that you will further his wishes on this subject as far
as may bo consistent with propriety and with tho
policy of Congress in the matter.
Very respectfully and truly, yours,
JOHN POPE.
Hon. L. Trumbull,
UnUetl States Senate, Wathinffion, D. C.
Mr. STEWART. I have only to add that
there are a number of southerners who were
connected with the rebellion perhaps involun-
tarily, and some that went into it voluntarily,
who have since the war closed manifested a
desire to maintain the Government and preserve
order, and who have sustained Congress under
very trying circumstances, and Governor Patton
is one of them. Notwithstanding our legisla-
tion excluded him from office and place he has
in the very responsible position of Governor of
the provisional organization in Alabama, used
his office to aid in reconstruction on the con-
gressional plan. He has done it vigorously and
I effectually. I have had a large number of let-
ters addressed to me, before the matter was re-
ferred to our committee, from General Swayne
; and others, stating the important services he
j has rendered. I believe that fact is conceded,
i We reported the name of Robert M. Patton
1 singly for the purpose of testing the sense of
| the Senate as to whether they will relieve the
! disabilities of persons who are aiding the Gov-
j ernment in the work of reconstruction, who
! have been consistent since the fall of the re-
! bellion in their endeavors to restore good gov-
ernment to the South. I think it will have a
very beneficial influence to show that we are
willing to receive and recognize the services of
those who will befriend the Government. I
hope the bill will pass.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I think
this bill is worthy of some debate before the
Senate shall agree to enact it. It proposes the
exercise by Congress of a pardoning power, or
rather of a dispensing power, one which is exec-
utive in its very nature.
Mr. STEWART. I think if the Senator will
read the bill he will see that he is mistaken in
that. The bill simply proposes to remove dis-
abilities imposed by act of Congress. I sup-
pose Congress has the power to repeal any acts
it has passed. It does not involve any ques-
tion of the kind the Senator supposes.
Mr. BUCKALEW. By the existing laws of
the United States on the subject of reconstruc-
tion, men who have been guilty of a criminal
offense against the United States are subjected
to certain disabilities penal in their nature. In
the act of 2d March, 1807, I think it was, Con-
gress reserved a power of withdrawing this in-
hibition, but in the very nature of things that
was to be by some general enactment, by classi-
fying individuals, by applying some general
rule. A bill excusing individuals for former
offenses, or withdrawing the disabilities in-
curred under our laws, which should apply to
a class or to individuals by general description,
might be legislative in its nature. The Sen-
ator is now proposing to single out a particular
person and to exercise a dispensing power with
regard to him, and to do that by legislation.
Now, sir, I have to suggest, in the first place,
that this would be a very inconvenient juris-
diction if Congress undertook to exercise it.
If all the individuals in the southern States
who have particular merits, who by reason of
their conduct since the close of the war are
entitled to indulgence, are to come here by
petition and apply to Congress to have the ex-
isting laws as to them dispensed with, and
their cases are to be investigated, one after
another, we are entering upon a very large
business; we are entering upon a business en-
tirely new, one which we shall find extremely
inconvenient, one which will be attended by
partiality, and which I suspect will become in-
tolerable before we are done with it.
In tho next place, in the very nature of
things, it is impossible that bodies such as the
Senate of the United States and the House of
Representatives, can take up the case of indi-
vidual offenders in the southern country, and
pass upon them. That must be done either
by the judicial or by the executive power. It
is not one which can be exercised by the Legis-
lature 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The houf
has arrived when it is the duty of the Chair to
call up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. STEWART. I hope we maybe allowed
to have a few moments more, and we can pass
this measure.
Mr. JOHNSON. I must insist upon the
business before the Senate yesterday being
taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is before
the Senate without any motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Mary-
land, ^Mr. Johnson,] and also the Senator
from Michigan, who is entitled to the floor,
[Mr. Howard,] are willing to let us take up
the bill in regard to the spirit-meters, which 1
think will pass without debate and ought to be
acted upon.
Mr. HOWARD. If that bill is not- likely to
occasion any debate I will yield.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it docs occasion debate
of any length I will yield.
Mr. STEWART. I will ask that the bill in
regard to Governor Patton be postponed until
to-morrow at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That bill
is not before the Senate now. The unfinished
business of yesterday is before the Senate, and
the Senator from Ohio moves that the unfin-
ished business be postponed for the purpose
of taking up the bill mentioned by him.
Mr. SHERMAN. Informally, subject to bo
called up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection to that course.
SPIRIT-METERS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (II.
i R. No. 140) to provide for a commission to ex-
