4084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julv 15,
Mr. JULIAN. If the gentleman objects I
have no power to press the bill.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. Before the
gentleman from New lork makes his objec-
tion, I would like to have read an amendment
which I propose (o offer to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the amendment may be printed and referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. BROOKS. I object.
contingent fund of the house.
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire'to enter.a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the House
this morning adopted the resolution Offered by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Washburn, J
directing the appointment of a, committee to
inquire into the disbursement of the contingent
expenses ol the House. My object is to amend
the resolution so as to direct the Committee on
Accounts to make the investigation.
The SPEAKER. The Oliair will state that
motions to reconsider entered now may pos-
sibly not b'e reached if Congress shall adjourn
next week, as seems to be probable.
Mr. BROOMALL. Then the motion to
reconsider had better be disposed of now.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] yield for that purpose ?
Mr. RANDALL, if he yields ho must yield
the floor linally.
Mr. ELDRiDGE. I insist on the regular
order. It is time this gentleman, Mr. Switzler,
was admitted to his seat or rejected.
The SPEAKER, it depends on the gentle-
man from Vermont, whether he calls up the
report of the Committee of Elections or not.
Mr. POLAND. I yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BROOMALL. All I desire to say is
that the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Wash-
burn,] who offered the lesolution, is satisfied
that the proper committee is the one i have
mentioned, the Committee on Accounts. I
; ee no objection to its going to the regular
standing committee, in preference to a select
committee to be raised.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I did not
in offering the resolution propose to censure
any committee of the House. I do think that
an examination is necessary, and that it ought
to be had. If the House thinks it better to
send the matter to the Committee on Accounts
I am perfectly satisfied. 1 do not court a select
committee so that we have an examination.
Mr. BROOMALL. All i want is that the
examination shall be in the regular way. i
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion to reconsider was
agreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That a committoo of five be appointed
to investigate into tho disbursement of tho con-
tingent fund of the llou 'c for the years 1867 andl8o3,
with power to send for persons and papers wlieic the
same can bo doiio without expense to tho Govern-
ment.
Air. BROOMALL. I now move to strike out
the words " a committee of five be appointed"
and insert "the Committee on Accounts be
diiected."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I would
ask the gentleman ifit has not been their duty
for the last two years?
Mr. BROOMALL. No; it has not. The
Committee on Accounts have had no power of
inquiring into what I understand to be the
irregularities. They have desired it, but it
has never been conferred on them by the
House.
Mr, RANDALL. What are the irregular-
ities.
Mr. BROOMALL. I do not know; I never
heard of them till this morning.
Mr. RANDALL. Common rumor says they
extend to vary large amouuts. I hope, there- i
fore, that if the Committee on Accounts under-
take the job they will do it thoroughly.
Mr. BROOMALL. The Committee on Ac-
counts are in the habit of doing their duty con-
scientiously.
Mr. RANDALL. They ought to have done
it for two years.
Mr. BROOMALL They had no power.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Have the committee
asked for that power?
Mr. BROOMALL. During the last Con-
gress the committee tried upon various occa-
sions to get the floor, but failed to do so.
Mr. RANDALL. They are a privileged
committee.
Mr. BROOMxlLL. No; they are not a
privileged committee as to such matters.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Ac-
counts are not privileged to report at any time.
Mr. ELDU1DGE. 1 understood the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. BrooMalt.] to
say that the Committee on Accounts have been
in the habit of investigating these accounts;
and yet ho says they have not had the power
for two years. Now, I would like to ask the
gentleman what he means?
Mr. BROOMALL. I understood ray col-
league [Mr. Rand alt,] to imply that the com-
mittee might not investigate this matter. I
replied to him that the Committee on Accounts
were in tho habit of doing their duty fully and
conscientiously.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the object is to have
the contingent fund of the House fully investi-
gated the Committee on Accounts can do it
more fully than any special committee that can
be organized. The only practical question, I
conceive, is whether we have sufficient confi-
dence in their honesty and capacity. If I had
sufficient confidence in them to believe that
they would go to work and make this investi-
gation honestly and faithfully, I would votefor
their amendment; if I had not, then I would
vote against it. I shall vote for the amend-
ment.
Mr. RANDALL. I understand that the
gentleman has pledged himself in advance to
vote for it.
Mr. BROOM ALL. If I thought there was
a member in this House who really had not
enough confidence in the honesty of the Com-
mittee on Accounts to be willing to permit
them to examine and report upon a matter of
this sort, 1 would before night get out of the
position of the chairman ol that committee.
i\Ir. N1 BLACK. I beg leave to assure the
gentleman, as this matter has come before the
House, that soine of these irregularities are
by common rumor and report charged to some
extent at the door of the Committee on Ac-
counts itself. They therefore assume to do
what is to them a very delicate task. It is
charged that in their examinations they have
done nothing more than make merely formal
examinations, taking the statements that are
submitted to tliem without further examina-
tion.
Mr. BROOMALL. All that is new to me,
and I do not think any member of this House
will venture upon making any such charge as
that. No committee of this House has ever ■
worked harder and tried more to get at truth,
justice, and exactness than the Committee on
Accounts, if any gentleman wants to be satis-
fied whether or not I state the truth, he can
have access to all our records at any time, and
can attend our sessions at any time.
Mr. SPALDING-. Does the committee pro-
pose to report at this session ?
Mr. BROOMALL. I presume we will; we
will if we can. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, there
being, upon a division—ayes eighty-three, noes
not counted.
The main question was then ordered.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Beoomai,1., to .substitute the "Committee
on Accounts" for a " select committee."
Mr. RANDALL. Upon that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays, and upon a division there were
seventeen in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one-fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was then agreed to._
Mr. BROOMALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then
adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing, from the President
of the United States, was delivered to the
House by Colonel William G. Moore, his
Secretary.
hot springs, arkansas.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman from New-
York [Mr. Brooks] withdraws his objection
to the consideration of the bill providing for
the sale of the Hot Springs reservation irs
Arkansas.
Mr. ARCHER. I renew the objection.
united states consular system.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
I herewith transmit to Congress a report, with the
ac.eompanymff papers, received from tho Seeretm-y
of State, in compliance with the requirements of the
eighteenth seel ion ofthe act en titled "An act to rega-
in te the diplomatic a ml consular systems of tho United
States," approved August 18, 185l>.
AxNDIifiW JOHNSON.
washington, July 15,1s6s.
Mr. BANKS. I move that tho message and
accompanying documents be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, aud ordered to
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
funding the national debt.
Sir. SCHENCK. I now ask unanimous
conscnt to have taken from the Speaker's table
the bill ofthe Senate No. 207, for funding the
national debt, and for the conversion of the
notes of the United States, in order that it
may be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
No objection was made, and the bill was
taken up and read the lirst and second time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the bill
bo referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
emotion contest switzler vs. anderson"".
Mr. ROLAND. I rise to a question of
privilege, and call up the resolutions reported
by the Committee of Elections upon the con-
tested-election case of Svvitzler ts. Anderson,
from the ninth congressional district of Mis-
souii.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows :
llchalveil. That George \V. Anderson is not enti-
tled to .t sr-at in this Jiouse as a Representative m
the i'or1 iotii Conaress from the ninth congressional
distri"! of Mi-souii.
Jl'-solvril, Tli.it William 1". Switzler is entitled toa
peat iu thi*. House as a Representative in the Fortieth
Consiess from the ninth congressional district of
Missouri.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, at this period
of the session, and especially in this tempera-
ture, I do not propose to take very much ot
the time of the House in discussing the ques-
tion that is raised by these resolutions reported
by the Committee of Elections. Any gentle-
man upon this floor who has taken interest
enough in this case to read the report of the
committee which has been before the House
for several months, a report which is very full
and elaborate, will have learned more about
the case than I should be able to tell him in
tho short time which I propose to occupy ;
and, as to any gentleman who has not ft.it
interest enough to read the report of the
committee, I can hardly expect he will take
interest enough to listen to what I shall have
to say upon -the subject.
